Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The 30th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards were filled with special moments and many reunions.
The 2024 SAG Awards kicked off at 8 p.m. ET at Shrine Auditorium & Expo Hall in Los Angeles and streamed on Netflix. The award show aims to honor the best of acting in film and TV, as voted on by members of the guild. 
At the ceremony, "Barbie" and "Oppenheimer" were tied for most nominated film, each with four. HBO's "Succession" led the way in TV with five nominations.
Click here for a full list of all the winners.
In addition to the presentation of awards, Idris Elba opened the ceremony, there was a nostalgic "Devil Wears Prada" reunion and Barbra Streisand received a life achievement award at the milestone 30th annual ceremony.
Maddie Ellis
Barbra Streisand won a life achievement award at the SAG Awards Saturday, and the audience was quickly on their feet after an introduction by Jennifer Aniston. 
In addition to the standing ovation, several audience members appeared visibly emotional at the icon's entrance and a montage of her career highlights — including Anne Hathaway.
The "Devil Wears Prada" actor stood and clapped while appearing to hold back tears.
"The only acceptable reaction to Barbra Streisand," the X account for Netflix captioned the picture.
Maddie Ellis
"Oppenheimer" took home the last award of the SAGs Saturday night, winning outstanding performance by a cast in a film.
"Oppenheimer" actors won three of the four categories they were nominated for, including outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role for Cillian Murphy and best supporting actor for Robert Downey Jr. 
Liz Calvario
It was a "Breaking Bad" reunion at the 2024 SAG Awards. The cast of the hit show was on hand to present the award for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series — but not without some funny exchanges between the crew. 
Bryan Cranston began by sharing how 10 years ago the cast took home the SAG Award.  Bob Odenkirk, RJ Mitte, Anna Gunn, Aaron Paul, Jonathan Banks, Betsy Brandt and Dean Norris were along on hand for the reunion as they did a bit before announcing the winner. 
"Succession" ultimately took home the win, with most, if not all of the cast, taking the stage. 
"One last hurrah, I think," Alan Ruck said, accepting the award. "Right now, you're looking at some of the luckiest people on the planet and some of the most grateful." 
Maddie Ellis
Call them the "Oppenhomies." 
Cillian Murphy, accepting a SAG Award for his starring role in "Oppenheimer," commented on the moniker given to the cast. He said the name should be credited to Olivia Thirlby, who played Lilli Hornig in the film.
"Olivia, I think you should immediately trademark that," he said.
Murphy received a standing ovation for his win, according to the SAG Awards.
Liz Calvario
Naomi Watts introduced the emotional in memoriam segment during the second half of the awards ceremony. 
“We have lost so many extraordinary actors in the past year,” Watts said. “Because they touched the world with their talent, we all share their loss. To those of us who worked alongside them, we feel their loss and their absence deeply.”
“Of course, their memory will live on in our recollections,” she added.
The heartfelt segment honored and paid tribute to the talented actors that died in the last year. 
Suzanne Somers, Tyler Christopher, Ron Cephas Jones, Treat Williams, Michael Gambon, Sharon Farrell, Tom Wilkinson and Burt Young, were among the people remembered. 
Tina Turner, Lance Reddick, Paul Reubens and Ryan O'Neal were also highlighted, as well as Andre Braugher, Alan Arkin, Carl Weathers, Tom Wilkinson, Matthew Perry and Harry Belafonte. 
Maddie Ellis
Elizabeth Debicki took home the award for outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series at Saturday's SAG Awards ceremony for her role as Princess Diana in "The Crown." 
Slowing making her way to the stage to accept her award, she stumbled. She then kicked off her shoes to finish the journey.
She started her speech strong: "I don't have any shoes on." 
She went on to emphasize her shock at winning, praise the other nominees in her category and reflect on an early memory of falling in love with acting.
Maddie Ellis
SAG-AFTRA, the organizers of the annual SAG Awards and the labor union that represents hundreds of thousands of entertainers, striked for more than 100 days in 2023, bringing TV and movie production to a halt. 
The strike proved successful, with the union signing a "historic, billion dollar deal" with Hollywood studios for better pay, working conditions and protections against AI, back in November.
SAG-AFTRA President Fran Drescher celebrated the victory during Saturday's awards ceremony, acknowledging that the strike "came with great sacrifice and unrelenting stress." 
“The most important congratulations to the members, both here today and everywhere. I hold you all with the highest esteem and greatest respect. You are the champions," she said.
Liz Calvario
Longtime Barbra Streisand fan, Jennifer Aniston was on hand to present the iconic performer the 2024 SAG life achievement award during the Feb. 24 ceremony. 
Aniston took the stage and praised the actor and singer for her incredible career, expressing how much her work meant to her and her fans. 
“Barbra, that’s all you have to say and you know,” Aniston said, before sharing that the Shrine Auditorium & Expo Hall in Los Angeles was where Streisand performed her first major concert in 1963.
Bradley Cooper stepped out to share kind words about Streisand and her legacy, career and dedication to her art. 
Streisand, donning a gold sequin dress with black velvet jacket and matching hat, then received a standing ovation as she took the stage.
"Sometimes I don't trust the teleprompter," she said, showing off her speech in hand. 
The icon spoke about her early days in Hollywood, working with other talented actors and how Marlon Brando was her first crush. 
When talking about her early films, she said, "It reminded me all over again of how much I love film, and why we all strive to make the best movies we can. And so many people who have done that are sitting right here tonight in this room."
Thanking those who she has collaborated with, she said, "I loved working with you, playing with you and inhabiting that magical world of the movies with you."
Maddie Ellis
While presenting the award for outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy, Melissa McCarthy seized the opportunity to spend time with her idol, Billie Eilish. 
The comedian turned to her co-presenter during the ceremony with a simple request: "Will you sign my face?"
McCarthy handed Eilish a Sharpie pen, and the joke went to the next level as the singer literally wrote her name on the actor's forehead.
Liz Calvario
Pedro Pascal took home the SAG Award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a drama series — and even he couldn't believe it. 
While Kieran Culkin had been taking home wins for his role in "Succession" throughout awards season, Pascal was named the winner for his role in "The Last of Us."
"This is wrong for a number of reasons," Pascal said during his acceptance speech. "I'm a little drunk. I thought I could get drunk."
The actor continued to thank HBO and those who believed in him as an actor, his family and more.
"I'm going to have a panic attack, and I'm going to leave," he said wrapping up his speech. 
Backstage with Tan France, he talked about winning over Culkin amid their ongoing "feud," saying, "I'm going to make out with Kieran, that will be my revenge," before recalling how the two have become friends over the years. 
Maddie Ellis
The stars of "Modern Family" took the stage at Saturday's award ceremony to present the award for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series. 
Julie Bowen, Ty Burrell, Ed O’Neill, Sofia Vergara, Eric Stonestreet and Jesse Tyler Ferguson acted like an old family, reminiscing on their hit show and humble-bragging about what they're up to now. 
Vergara shouted out her successful Netflix drama series "Griselda," while Stonestreet, a famous Kansas City Chiefs fan, proudly declared, "I know Travis Kelce. I could FaceTime right now, I'm being serious." 
Kelce just returned to the U.S. after visiting his girlfriend, Taylor Swift, in Sydney amid her "Eras Tour." 
The award went to the cast of "The Bear." 
Maddie Ellis
Following on the heels of a stellar performance at the Emmy Awards, stars of "The Bear" have won two of the three categories they are nominated for.
Jeremy Allen White won outstanding performance by a male actor in a comedy series, and Ayo Edebiri took home the award for best actress in a comedy.
The show is also nominated for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy.
Liz Calvario and Olivia Tyler
Da'Vine Joy Randolph is nominated in the outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role for her role in "The Holdovers."
While talking to TODAY.com on the red carpet, the actor said winning the award "would mean a lot."
"That’s amazing because I wouldn’t be here without a lot of people that are very near and dear to me," she said, thanking people who she looks up to, haven't been given credit and "who this role is a part of and they help me create it."
Adding, "So it would mean a lot."
She is up against Emily Blunt, Danielle Brooks, Penélope Cruz and Jodie Foster.
Maddie Ellis
Sharing is caring!
That's what Idris Elba reminded attendees with flasks during his opening to the 2024 SAG Awards. The joke landed with Rhea Perlman and Lisa Ann Walter.
The camera panned from the "Luther" actor to Perlman, holding a silver flask. She then handed it to the "Abbott Elementary" star, who took a big swig. Walter then tried offering it to Sheryl Lee Ralph, who watched with a dropped jaw and shook her head no.
Liz Calvario
It was a “The Devil Wears Prada” reunion worth waiting for. Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway and Emily Blunt reunited on stage during the 2024 SAG Awards to present the awards for outstanding performance by a male actor in a comedy series.
Streep first stepped out and almost knocked over the microphone, saying that she forgot her glasses and the envelope. Blunt then stepped out to hand Streep the envelope, while Hathaway gave her her glasses. 
They then exchanged quotes from their 2006 comedy, as the audience laughed as they channeled their former characters. 
“Meryl and Miranda Priestly are sort of like twins,” Blunt said, with Streep replying, “I don’t think I’m anything like...” 
“No, no,” Hathaway then interrupted before quoting Streep’s character. “That wasn’t a question.”
Back in December, Hathaway and Blunt had a mini reunion when they chatted together for Variety's "Actors on Actors" series.
In "The Devil Wears Prada," Hathaway portrayed less-than-fashionable aspiring journalist Andy, who became tough-as-nails fashion magazine editor Miranda Priestly's (Meryl Streep) assistant. Blunt portrayed Emily, who also also one of Miranda's assistants. 
Maddie Ellis
When Meryl Streep calls, you answer. 
Anne Hathaway revealed on the red carpet for the 2024 SAG Awards that she didn't hesitate when she was asked to present an award with her fellow "Devil Wears Prada" castmates. 
Hathaway, Streep and "Oppenheimer" star Emily Blunt will take the stage together during Saturday night's ceremony, marking a highly anticipated reunion for the cast of the 2006 film. 
Hathaway said her outfit for the awards show was intentional. The bright blue dress, paired with a belt, is "actually cerulean," she shared. 
Streep's character's rant about the evolution of the color in the fashion industry to counter Andy's apathy is one of the most quotable moments of the film. 
"What you don’t know is that that sweater is not just blue, it’s not turquoise, it’s not lapis, it’s actually cerulean. And you’re also blithely unaware of the fact that in 2002, Oscar de la Renta did a collection of cerulean gowns...." Miranda Priestly famously says.
Liz Calvario and Olivia Tyler
Kathryn Hahn was "so happy" and "humbled" to be at the 2024 SAG Awards and be nominated, the actor told TODAY.com on the red carpet. 
Hahn is nominated in the outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or limited series for her role “Tiny Beautiful Things.”
When asked what a win would mean to her, she said, "My brain can't, it doesn't even go that far. The fact that I'm in company with this group (is crazy)."
"It feels very moving to me to be included in this party," she said. 
She also shared that the role in the limited series taught her to "compartmentalize and how to be able to shake stuff off at the end of the day."
She also called the role "intense," but loved being a part of the ensemble cast. 
Maddie Ellis
Margot Robbie is leaning into her "Barbie" background with a black mini-dress detailed with a gravity-defying pink shoulder sleeve, sash and train. 
Robbie is nominated for starring in "Barbie," which along with "Oppenheimer," is going into Saturday's award show as the most nominated film of the night.
Liz Calvario
Ahead of the telecast, two winners were announced during the Netflix pre-show. 
"The Last of Us" won the SAG Award for outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a television series. 
Additionally, “Mission: Impossible — Dead Reckoning Part One” took home the SAG Award for outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a motion picture.
Be sure to follow along as the winners list is updated live as the night goes on.
Maddie Ellis
The "will-they/won't-they" tension between Janine and Gregory has fans of "Abbott Elementary" on their seats.
When asked on the SAG Awards red carpet what's going to happen between the two friends after a romantic moment in Season Two, star Tyler James Williams joked, “You are putting my job at risk right now."
"I know, but I can’t say," he added. 
But fans, never fear: "It's good," he said with a cheeky smile.
Maddie Ellis
Reese Witherspoon walked the red carpet at the SAG Awards Saturday in a fiery red strapless gown. 
When asked for the "story" behind her outfit, she dropped a trending TikTok reference.
"It's giving, pookie looks fire, it's giving red, lady in red," she said, through laughter.
"Pookie looks fire" is a phrase that took over TikTok at the end of January due to a social media-famous husband's nickname for his wife and his go-to praise for her "fire" outfits. 
Witherspoon is nominated for her role in "The Morning Show." 
Liz Calvario and Olivia Tyler
Colman Domingo once again turned heads with his red carpet look, setting the bar high for men’s fashion. 
Domingo is up for two SAG Awards. He is nominated in the outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role for “Rustin,” as well as outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture for “The Color Purple.”
While talking to TODAY.com on the red carpet, Domingo said it is "amazing" to be nominated because he is "surrounded by my peers and people that I admire."
"If I won it, it would be wonderful, one of my colleagues won it, wonderful," he added. "I'm in a room with all actors and just to be in this room right now, feels like a win."
During Netflix’s pre-show, Domingo spoke about his custom Off-White blush pink look styled by Wayman and Micah. The actor told Elaine Welteroth that he’s “having a good time” with his fashion choices during awards season. 
Maddie Ellis
"The Bear" follows a team of chefs in Chicago. But do their culinary skills on screen translate to a real kitchen? 
Actor Matty Matheson, who is a chef and restaurateur off screen, at first named Ebon Moss-Bachrach the "worst cook" of the cast. But he quickly recanted that, saying "he's a really good baker." 
He said everyone has some cooking skills, but noted, "I feel like Jeremy (Allen White) doesn't cook at home, though."
Liz Calvario
Ali Wong made quite an entrance at the 2024 SAG Awards with a structured black-and-white dress. The actor donned a Iris van Herpen gown from the fall 2023 couture collection, which had bold sleeves that included cascading "fiberglass wings sprouting lacy, geometric petals, which affix to the sleeves of the dress," per Vogue. 
“The striking finale dress for Ali Wong is created to dance dramatically with her and to come alive when she moves,” van Herpen told the magazine.
Wong is nominated for outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or limited series for her role in "Beef."
She is up against Uzo Aduba, Kathryn Hahn, Brie Larson and Bel Powley.
Maddie Ellis
Brett Goldstein stole hearts as the gruff but lovable team captain-turned coach, Roy Kent, in "Ted Lasso." But the SAG Award-nominated actor might break fans hearts with his latest answer about the future of the sitcom. 
Laverne Cox asked Goldstein about the future of the show and if there will be a spinoff or follow-up season.
"We know nothing," he said. "We know nothing."
Maddie Ellis
At just 16 years old, Ariana Greenblatt is nominated for a SAG Award as part of the cast of "Barbie." 
Wearing a deep red velvet dress to channel "awards season Barbie," Greenblatt said she brought her dad as her date to the show after bringing her mom along at the People's Choice Awards last week.
"I brought my dad, my mom made me," Greenblatt enthusiastically told Laverne Cox on the carpet.
While her dad didn't join for the interview, he could be seen in the background of the interview, snapping a pic of his daughter's big moment. 
Maddie Ellis
Laverne Cox and Danielle Brooks both starred in "Orange Is the New Black," which premiered in 2013. More than 10 years later, the duo reunited on the red carpet for the SAG Awards, Cox, as an "E!" host and Brooks as a nominee for her role in "The Color Purple." 
When the duo saw each other, Cox started tearing up. "My sister," Cox told her. Brooks agreed, noting their reunion is emotional.
"Every time I've been here, it's been with you." Brooks said. "This moment, it means a lot."
After the interview, they shared an adorable hug.
Maddie Ellis
The 2024 SAG Awards is set to mark the return of Miranda Priestly and her notorious assistants, Emily and Andy.
Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway are set to present at the awards ceremony Saturday night, marking a reunion between the beloved stars of "The Devil Wears Prada," 18 years after the film came out.
The rest of the line-up is star-studded, including nominated actors Margot Robbie, Cillian Murphy, Sterling K. Brown, Robert Downey Jr. and more.
Here's a full list of presenters: 
Maddie Ellis
The annual SAG Awards are organized and voted on by SAG-AFTRA, the labor union that represents more than 160,000 entertainers. The union made headlines in 2023 for leading a nearly four-month strike in Hollywood alongside the Writers Guild of America. 
Fighting for better pay, working conditions and protections against the use of AI, the union reached an agreement with studios in November after striking for 118 days. During the strike, actors traded in red carpets for picket lines and production on movies and TV shows largely shut down.
Now, members can revel in the victory at the annual awards ceremony Feb. 24.
SAG-AFTRA is led by "The Nanny" star Fran Drescher, who is set to present at Saturday's ceremony.
Here's a recap of the strike, including why it started and how it ended.
Liz Calvario
The 2024 Screen Actors Guild Awards is an actor-voted ceremony, making it one of the most emotional and personal shows during awards season. 
Every year, the SAG Awards celebrates outstanding movie and television performances of the year, voted by SAG-AFTRA’s 119,000+ performers — and this year’s Feb. 24 ceremony is no different. 
Here’s what to know about watching the SAG Awards. 
What day are the 2024 SAG Awards?
The 30th Annual SAG Awards are taking place on Saturday, Feb. 24, at the Shrine Auditorium & Expo Hall in Los Angeles.
What time do the SAG Awards start?
The awards show starts at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET.
How to watch the SAG Awards
The ceremony will stream live globally on Netflix.
Netflix subscribers will be able to watch the SAG Awards when they air. 
Those who do not have Netflix can sign up for a subscription. The cheapest option is the standard with ads plan for $6.99 a month, which includes few ad breaks, and two devices are able to watch at the same time. 
Click here for the full article.
Drew Weisholtz
Nominations for the 30th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards were announced Jan. 10.
“Barbie” and “Oppenheimer” led the way in the film category with four nominations apiece and will be among the movies fighting it out for outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture. On the TV side, “Succession” topped the field with five nominations.
Outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role
Bradley Cooper, “Maestro”
Colman Domingo, “Rustin”
Paul Giamatti, “The Holdovers”
Cillian Murphy, “Oppenheimer”
Jeffrey Wright, “American Fiction”
Outstanding performance by a female actor in a leading role
Annette Bening, “Nyad”
Lily Gladstone, “Killers of the Flower Moon” 
Carey Mulligan, “Maestro”
Margot Robbie, “Barbie” 
Emma Stone, “Poor Things”
Outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role
Sterling K. Brown, “American Fiction”
Willem Dafoe, “Poor Things”
Robert De Niro, “Killers of the Flower Moon”
Robert Downey Jr., “Oppenheimer”
Ryan Gosling, “Barbie”
Outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role
Emily Blunt, “Oppenheimer”
Danielle Brooks, “The Color Purple”
Penélope Cruz, “Ferrari”
Jodie Foster, “Nyad”
Da’Vine Joy Randolph, “The Holdovers”
Outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture
“American Fiction”
“Barbie”
“The Color Purple”
“Killers of the Flower Moon”
“Oppenheimer”
Outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a motion picture
“Barbie”
“Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3”
“Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny”
“John Wick: Chapter 4”
“Mission: Impossible — Dead Reckoning Part One”
Outstanding performance by a male actor in a television movie or limited series
Matt Bomer, “Fellow Travelers”
Jon Hamm, “Fargo”
David Oyelowo, “Lawmen: Bass Reeves”
Tony Shalhoub, “Mr. Monk’s Last Case: A Monk Movie”
Steven Yeun, “Beef”
Outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or limited series
Uzo Aduba, “Painkiller”
Kathryn Hahn, “Tiny Beautiful Things”
Brie Larson, “Lessons in Chemistry”
Bel Powley, “A Small Light”
Ali Wong, “Beef”
Outstanding performance by a male actor in a drama series
Brian Cox, “Succession”
Billy Crudup, “The Morning Show”
Kieran Culkin, “Succession”
Matthew Macfadyen, “Succession”
Pedro Pascal, “The Last of Us”
Outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series
Jennifer Aniston, “The Morning Show”
Elizabeth Debicki, “The Crown”
Bella Ramsey, “The Last of Us”
Keri Russell, “The Diplomat”
Sarah Snook, “Succession”
Outstanding performance by a male actor in a comedy series
Brett Goldstein, “Ted Lasso”
Bill Hader, “Barry”
Ebon Moss-Bachrach, “The Bear”
Jason Sudeikis, “Ted Lasso”
Jeremy Allen White, “The Bear”
Outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series
Alex Borstein, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
Rachel Brosnahan, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
Quinta Brunson, “Abbott Elementary”
Ayo Edebiri, “The Bear”
Hannah Waddingham, “Ted Lasso”
Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series
“The Crown”
“The Gilded Age”
“The Last of Us
“The Morning Show”
“Succession”
Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series
“Abbott Elementary”
“Barry”
“The Bear”
“Only Murders in the Building”
“Ted Lasso”
Outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a television series
“Ahsoka”
“Barry”
“Beef”
“The Last of Us”
“The Mandalorian”
Maddie Ellis is a weekend editor at TODAY Digital. 
Liz Calvario is a Los Angeles-based reporter and editor for TODAY.com who covers entertainment, pop culture and trending news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.