A Definitive Ranking Of The BRAT Remixes 

							By Nitanti Alur

02 May

							By Popdust

02 May

							By Nitanti Alur

01 May

							By Popdust

30 Apr

                    COLUMNS                
21 Oct, 24
On October 12, Charli XCX continued with BRAT Summer by releasing Brat and It’s Completely Different but It’s Still Brat…aka the BRAT remix album. 
Charli XCX has been a staple in pop music for years now. She’s a constant chart-topper who received little recognition for her immense talents – until now. 
Now, she’s created a movement. Brat is a mindset – a state of being that includes staying true to yourself, nonstop partying, and always being an It Girl. It’s the antithesis of the clean girl aesthetic that Hailey Bieber embodies.
No, the Brat mindset is clubbing, never going to bed early – unless it’s early the following day. It’s being irresponsible on the weekends – and sometimes even weeknights. It’s smudged eyeliner and three shots of vodka lined up in a row like little soldiers on the bartop. 
And we didn’t want it to end. Brat Summer embodied a culture of not caring what people think and letting loose. It was peak girlhood mixed with sex, drugs, and rock and roll. The remixes were just as fun as the sporadic single drops…which is why an entire album of remixes is equally as exciting. 
Charli called in the big guns for the remix album. We already knew about collabs like “Guess” with Billie Eilish, “Talk Talk” with Troye Sivan, and of course, “girl, so confusing” with Lorde. 
But the latest contributions are just as groundbreaking. With features from The 1975, Julian Casablancas, Ariana Grande, and more, this is one of the most talked about releases of the year. 
The ultimate debate, however, has been sizzling online since the inception of Charli XCX’s Brat remixes: which remix is the best? 
We all have our opinions, but we’re giving a definitive ranking of the Brat remixes to settle this debate for good. 
Charli is super introspective during this album, which hits the mark sometimes and falls flat otherwise. Amongst the Brat remixes, this song is one of those times it didn’t work for me. 
Charli’s verses are, arguably, not that bad here. Unfortunately, bladee’s consistent chanting about how he wakes up stressed ain’t making me feel anything. 
This is one of the most iconic songs on the Brat album in general…so I was expecting big things from this remix. I was vastly disappointed. It’s a song about It Girls, yet this doesn’t make me feel as confident or in charge as the original. 
Again, the original is so iconic…when remixing, why stray so far? The line from the original rings true: “when I walk into the club I want to hear those club classics…” so why not keep this more classic? 
I love both artists, and the Brat album is spectacular…but this one feels like two different songs mashed together. 
For those who didn’t know: Charli’s engaged to The 1975’s drummer, George Daniel…so this collab should make more sense. But this starts of close to two minutes filled with silence, I’m left wishing for more. 
Not a bad tribute to the viral song, but the original is better by far. What I like about the Brat remixes is that they reinterpret the songs without losing the OG flare. 
I liked this collab more than I thought I would. Bon Iver is an unexpected addition, but a welcome one nonetheless. 
Julian Casablancas – who you may know from The Strokes – adds just enough edge to “Mean girls.” I was genuinely surprised by this one. 
Now we’re getting into the hard-hitting rankings, and this one with Tinashe is a complete vibe. Their voices meld together and create the perfect blend of R&B and pop. 
This is a remix. shygirl takes 365 making it even more of a party song. It doesn’t stray too far from the original, but adds to its excellence. 
Heading into the top five we have Ariana Grande. Of course this was the most highly anticipated remix on the new album…Ariana sings about how hard it is for everyone to find her so pretty that they assume she’s had a ton of plastic surgery. Iconic. 
Addison Rae is a pop culture queen – from her TikTok reign to her latest music endeavors…she’s been serving the Brat era well. And this “Von Dutch” remix is pure fun all throughout. 
I know I said I don’t love it when the remix strays too far from the original, but this one works too well to deny. The Sweat Tour duo serves on this remix. 
Many people will be angry about this – and that’s okay. Yes, the song marks the end of a feud between two divas. Yes, “girl, so confusing” covers how hard it is to be a girl in this day-and-age. No, it’s not her best remix. 
“Hey Billie, you there?” starts the best remix on Charli XCX’s Brat album. This song truly has everything, from the the hard club beat to sexy lyrics. It’s a cultural reset, something that defined our summer from the instant it came out.
Share via

                Fashion            

                Popular            

                Music            

                Music            

                Style            

                News            

                Trending Topics            

                Opinion            

                Popular            

                Music            

                Trending            

                Music            

                Popular            

                Popular            
© 2025 Popdust Inc. All Rights Reserved.