Tobie Donovan, who stars in Heartstopper, has hinted that the forthcoming third season will explore a sexuality seldom depicted on television.
The popular Netflix series, which is based on graphic novels of the same name, tells the love story of schoolboys Charlie (Joe Locke) and Nick (Kit Connor). In addition to its main characters, the show also features a diverse cast of young LGBTQ+ teenagers.
Tobie's character, Isaac, was a shy character whose sexuality remained undefined in the first season of this coming-of-age drama.
However, in the second season, Isaac identifies as asexual, and the actor has suggested that the new season will delve further into his journey of self-discovery.
On the official Heartstopper podcast, alongside co-star Rhea Norwood and Drag Queen Tia Kofi, Tobie gave fans a glimpse of what they can expect in the upcoming episodes.
"Isaac has a real journey of learning to love and accept his asexuality and a-romanticism. Which is a thing that we don't see on TV very often, so it's really cool to represent that and to get to be that voice for a group of people that might not see themselves on TV otherwise." He added: "I hope that people see themselves in it."
Tobie also discussed how he prepared for the character's development. He said: "There's a lot of pressure to get it right because there's not been anything like it. But I did the research and worked as hard as I could on making it feel authentic and I hope people enjoy it," reports the Daily Star.
Rhea hinted at her character Imogen's storyline in future episodes, teasing "There is some drunken snogging." Detailing her on-set essentials to the podcast, she disclosed her trusty headphones are a must.
She elaborated: "I love listening to music and I always have a playlist for my character in each season [with] songs that trace a similar journey to what my character is doing."
She mentioned specifically tuning into Billie Eilish's emotional track, What Was I Made For, during preparations for more sombre scenes.
The Heartstopper Official Podcast drops exclusive interviews with the cast every Monday. Heartstopper Season 3 will be available to stream on Netflix from October 3.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.