Weekend one of Coachella had no shortage of stellar performances and celebrity sightings. With headliners like Doja Cat, Lana Del Rey, and Tyler, the Creator hitting the main stage, the music festival’s kickoff weekend was one for the books. In the crowds, meanwhile, were some familiar faces—including Coachella regulars Alessandra Ambrosio and Hailey Bieber. Another festival pro in attendance? Influencer, model, and entrepreneur Devon Lee Carlson, who has been attending the event since the early 2010s. “My first Coachella was in 2013,” Carlson tells Vogue, “and I’ve been coming to every Coachella since!” So, who better to ask for some weekend-two survival tips than Carlson herself?
During weekend one, Carlson attended Coachella as a guest of Guess Jeans; The brand hosted a VIP crowd at its exclusive desert compound. (Its party, thrown on the premises, was attended by stars like Billie Eilish, Justin and Hailey Bieber, and Robert Pattinson.) Of course, Carlson is no stranger to navigating the festivals many shows and parties. “I love running around with my friends, listening to good music, and dancing around,” says Carlson. “I was most excited to see Lana Del Rey; I had only seen her live once before.”
Her tips for those who may be attending Coachella for the first time this coming weekend? For one, you’ll need to get your statement outfits ready. “The style at Coachella is very eclectic,” she says. “You get a little bit of everything; I love seeing how everyone interprets festival fashion—it’s like a fashion show.” Her main festival must-have is classic denim pieces, which Carlson says you can mix-and-match in an outfit. “I love a baggy low-rise jean, I feel like I can dance around in them,” says Carlson, adding that she has an affinity for Guess denim. “They’re iconic 90s hot-girl jeans," she says. "They fit so well.”
Another staple to pack, Carlson says, is comfortable footwear—a must for surviving the three long days of shows. (On the roster this years are acts like Ice Spice, Reneé Rapp, and No Doubt.) “If you’re coming to Coachella for the first time, I would definitely avoid wearing sandals,” says Carlson. “Shoes are the most important part of your outfit; You definitely want something you can stand in all day. The festival grounds are so big, and you’ll be going from stage to stage. You just want to be comfortable and have fun.” Carlson also says layering is key: Coachella is scorching hot during the day, and gets nippy come nighttime. “Bring a jacket because it gets really cold at night,” she says. “And bring a scarf [or bandana,] because it gets dusty.”
While Carlson's 2024 Coachella wardrobe tips don't include flower crowns or bohemian maxi dress, when it comes to the star-studded festival, really anything goes. “What’s ‘out’ is caring what people think of your outfit," she says. "You should just wear whatever you want, whether it’s super casual or super dressed up. Do what makes you happy!”
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty