Here’s what else happened in the worlds of rock and alternative in 2024.
Ozzy Osbourne was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist after previously being enshrined as a member of Black Sabbath in 2006. While the Prince of Darkness wasn’t able to perform on induction night due to various health issues that have ailed him over the past few years, he was honored with a set featuring Tool‘s Maynard James Keenan, Chad Smith of Red Hot Chili Peppers, Wolfgang Van Halen, Zakk Wylde and Billy Idol. Dave Matthews Band was also among the 2024 inductees.
The Black Keys became the unintentional face of the state of the arena tour in 2024 when their U.S. trek was canceled. The “Lonely Boy” duo, who’d put out a new album, Ohio Players, earlier in the year, announced that they were reworking the tour to make it a more “exciting, intimate experience for both fans and the band.” New dates have yet to be announced.
Cage the Elephant returned with a new album, Neon Pill, a year after frontman Matt Shultz was arrested in New York City on gun charges. In announcing the record, Shultz explained that he had been experiencing psychosis at the time of his arrest and said the incident “undoubtedly saved my life.”
Ghost brought their elaborate mythology to the big screen with Rite Here Rite Now, a part-concert film and part-narrative movie. Upon its theatrical release, Rite Here Rite Now was dubbed the “highest-grossing hard rock cinema event ever in North America.”
Twenty One Pilots released a new album, Clancy, which continued the storyline set up in previous records Trench and Scaled and Icy. The record was accompanied by videos for every song on the track list.
Billie Eilish dropped her third album, HIT ME HARD AND SOFT, which earned the bestselling week of her career on the Billboard 200 upon its debut. Every song on the album charted on the Hot 100.
Gojira brought metal to the Olympics when they performed at the 2024 Paris Games’ opening ceremony. They were joined by opera singer Marina Viotti as they stood in the windows of Paris’ Concierge building next to figures including a decapitated Marie Antoinette holding her own head.
Coldplay put out a new record, Moon Music, bringing them ever closer to their 12th album, which Chris Martin says will be their last. They also continued to travel on their global Music of the Spheres tour, which became the highest-grossing rock trek in history.
A decade after breaking out with “Take Me to Church,” Hozier scored another huge hit in 2024 with “Too Sweet,” which became his first #1 Hot 100 hit.
Jack White stealth released a new solo album, No Name, by including unlabeled copies in purchases made at his Third Man Records stores. No Name eventually got an official release, and White supported it with last-minute pop-up shows he endeavored to announce as close to the concert date as possible.
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC