Virgin Radio
3 May 2024, 14:57
Credit: Getty
The Rosé Curse strikes again: Blake Lively’s innocent picture sparks relationship fears.
From Taylor Swift to Gigi Hadid, The Rosé Curse  is rumoured to be unravelling even the strongest of Hollywood romances.
It seems like not even Hollywood’s power couples are safe from the mysterious allure of the Rosé Curse. 
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, long hailed as the epitome of relationship goals, may have just found themselves at the mercy of this bizarre phenomenon after Blake innocently posed for a picture with K-pop sensation Rosé.
Blake and Ryan have been happily married since 2012 and share four children together; James, nine, Inez, seven, Betty, four, and an 14-month-old whose name has not been revealed.
After a Tiffany & Co event in New York, fans were left devastated as the 36-year-old star posed for a picture with Rosé, the lead dancer from girl group BlackPink.
Credit: Getty
What exactly is the Rosé Curse, you ask? It all began when K-pop sensation BlackPink burst into the mainstream, with Rosé being a key member, captivating hearts worldwide. 
However, a strange pattern emerged – relationships seemed to unravel shortly after celebrities crossed paths with the Pink Venom singer.
Florence Pugh, Taylor Swift, Gigi Hadid – the list goes on. Each of these A-listers found themselves entangled in the Rosé Curse after a seemingly innocuous encounter with the K-pop star. 
As BlackPink's popularity soared, after their headline BST Hyde Park performance in 2023, an unusual trend caught the attention of internet users following a snapshot featuring Florence Pugh and Rosé. 
Shortly thereafter, the announcement of Pugh's split from her longtime partner, Zach Braff, sparked the birth of what's now known as The Rosé Curse.
Blake Lively is just the latest victim to fall under Rosé’s spell, sparking a frenzy of concern among fans who fear for the fate of her marriage to Ryan Reynolds.
Credit: Getty/Instagram/@gisposable
Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn, Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik – these are just a few of the high-profile couples that have succumbed to the Rosé Curse. 
While Blake and Ryan remain unscathed, other prominent couples have not been as fortunate. 
Take, for instance, Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn. The renowned songstress unwittingly became entangled in the curse after sharing a smile with Rosé at the 2022 VMAs afterparty in August. 
Fast forward to April 2023, and whispers of a breakup between Swift and the Conversations with Friends actor had surfaced after their six-year stint together.
However, Swift wasn't the first to encounter the phenomenon. Gigi Hadid's selfie with the K-pop sensation at the 2021 Met Gala hinted at trouble ahead. 
Despite their jovial dance videos and apparent camaraderie, just a month later, the 29-year-old model announced her split from Zayn Malik.
But the trail of romantic misfortune doesn't end there. In October 2019, Rosé's snapshot with Halsey in Paris preceded Halsey's breakup with Evan Peters in March 2020. 
The curse's mainstream prominence peaked in June 2022 when the singer, attending a Tiffany & Co event, posed alongside Florence Pugh. Two months later, Pugh disclosed her separation from the Scrubs star, marking the end of their three-year relationship.
Camila Cabello, Kaia Gerber, Kendall Jenner and Billie Eilish have all also split with their partners after a picture with Rosé.
Despite their seemingly unbreakable bond, their relationships crumbled shortly after being in the presence of Rosé. From chance encounters at star-studded events to casual selfies, no interaction seems immune to the curse’s effects.
What began as a niche joke among BlackPink fans has now become a widespread phenomenon, with internet users across platforms sharing stories of the curse's eerie accuracy. 
Blake’s snap with Rosé sparked mass concern as user everloretay simply captioned the picture with ‘NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO’ and crying emojis.
Despite its growing notoriety, some remain skeptical, while others anxiously await Blake and Ryan’s fate, hoping they can defy the odds and break free from the curse’s grasp.
‘NOOO NOOO SHE WILL BREAK THE CURSE,’ replied braxtonmg as swiftlyririi added: ‘blake and ryan istg nooooooooo.’
As Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds navigate the treacherous waters of Hollywood romance, only time will tell if they can emerge unscathed from the clutches of the Rosé Curse. 
But one thing’s for certain – in the unpredictable world of celebrity, nothing is ever quite as it seems. So, hold onto your hearts, folks, because the Rosé Curse shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon.
Advertisement
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
Philip Glenister has described the cancelled Life on Mars sequel as a “mixed blessing” after being...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit