Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
The final Olympic medals were handed out after the games ended yesterday.
Billie Eilish went to Number 1 and got gold (so did Finneas) for “Birds of a Feather,” the biggest song off her latest album.
French group Phoenix got bronze at number 3 for the song, “1901.”
These are their respective spots this morning on the iTunes top 100. Billie and Finneas knocked off Shaboozey, whose “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” has been the song of the summer.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers finished in the distance at number 83 with the song they performed, “Can’t Stop.”
The sudden success of both songs is because these artists performed on the NBC Olympics special that was televised yesterday afternoon live from Venice Beach, California. This was the same special that began with HER Music aka Gabby Wilson’s masterful rendition of th Star Spangled Banner.  Wilson was followed by Tom Cruise jumping off of the French stadium and driving away on a motorcycle. (He’s somewhere in Belgium now asking if he’s “behind the lines.”
In Eilish’s case, the success all summer of “Birds of a Feather” is unusual. When she released her album, “Hit Me Hard or Hit Me Soft,” she didn’t release a single. “Birds” just found its way to the charts on its own. Now it’s headed to big things come awards season.
The closing ceremony was produced by Ben Winston, the wunderkind who came to the US with James Corden and now rules the world. He produces the Grammy Awards, which means he’ll be reuniting with Billie and Finneas in a few months.
Billie Eilish performs "BIRDS OF A FEATHER" at the #Olympics closing ceremony. pic.twitter.com/P8hUG0c9SR
— Billie Eilish Charts (@eilishdata) August 11, 2024
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com