The top new release on the ARIA Chart belongs to K-pop group Stray Kids with their mini album "Ate".

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	Slim Shady’s not dead on Australia’s charts.

Eminem’s The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) (via Interscope/Universal) enters a second week at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, July 26.

	As previously reported, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) is the Rap God’s 11th No. 1 in Australia, a streak that reaches back to The Marshall Mathers LP in 2000. It’s his 10th to debut at the summit.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					BTS		
					






















	
		
					Eminem		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The top new release on the latest ARIA Chart belongs to K-pop group Stray Kids with their mini album Ate (VMG/Universal), new at No. 5. It’s Stray Kids’ fifth ARIA Top 50 appearance after Noeasy (No. 14 in 2021), Maxident (No. 4 in 2022), 5-Star and Rock-Star (both peaked at No. 2 in 2023).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Stray Kids have an Australian connection through bandmates Felix and Bang Chan. Earlier this week, the pop group announced the Australia leg of their dominATE world tour, with shows at Melbourne’s Marvel Stadium (Oct. 19) and Sydney’s Allianz Stadium (Oct. 26), produced by Live Nation.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	British indie band Glass Animals roars to No. 5 with I Love You So F***ing (via Polydor/Universal), their fourth studio album. Glass Animals made an early breakthrough with Australian audiences when, in 2021, their song “Heat Waves” won triple j’s Hottest 100 countdown. “Heat Waves” went on to finish 2021 as the year’s best-selling single in Australia. 

	As TV Girl completes a four-date, three-city tour of Australia, the U.S. alternative pop act lands chart debuts with the independently-released 2016 LP Who Really Cares (at No. 13) and 2014 debut French Exit (No. 19). TV Girl wrapped its national tour July 20 with a performance at Brisbane’s Riverstage with The Last Dinner Party.

	Further down the albums tally, BTS member Jimin’s new album Muse (BigHit Entertainment/Universal) arrives at No. 27, for his first solo appearance on the national albums survey.

	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (via Empire) starts a fourth consecutive week at No. 1. Meanwhile, Billie Eilish’s “Birds Of A Feather” flies 3-2, for a new chart position. According to ARIA, it’s the U.S. pop phenomenon’s fourth single to reach the top 2 following “Bad Guy,” “Everything I Wanted” and “What Was I Made For?” “Birds of a Feather” is lifted from former No. 1 Hit Me Hard And Soft, which dips 2-3 on the albums leaderboard.

	Finally, Sabrina Carpenter doubles up with top 5 appearances for platinum-certified “Espresso” (down 2-3 via Island/Universal) and “Please Please Please” (down 4-5). Both singles have logged time at No. 1.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.