Taylor Swift attends the 81st Annual Golden Globe Awards at The Beverly Hilton on January 07, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California. Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs arrives before the game against the Buffalo Bills at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium on December 10, 2023 in Kansas City, Missouri.
Things are getting way serious with Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, it seems. Page Six has recently reported that the hottest couple plans to get engaged this summer. The publication spoke with an "insider" who said that "Swelce" wants to get engaged this summer on their one-year anniversary in July.
Meanwhile, gossip website TMZ's insiders say an engagement is definitely not in the cards anytime soon. The outlet reports that a "proposal isn't forthcoming in the near future" and that their sources have told them "there's absolutely no engagement in the works between Taylor and Travis right now." The gossip site goes as far as to say that insiders in Taylor's camp don't think the relationship will "go the distance." Several of Taylor and Travis' friends think they're still in a "honeymoon" phase, so it's just too early to tell if they'll ever advance past the dating stage.
With the pop icon resuming her Eras Tour next month, the sources tell TMZ that their relationship is about to enter a "very challenging stage" as she will be far away in Japan, Australia, Singapore, and Paris. When the Kansas City Chiefs tight end's season is over, he can join her in her travels. However, it has been reported that the two want to put their relationship to the test and see how long distance will work. Neither Taylor nor Travis has been engaged before, though rumors of Swift marrying longtime boyfriend Joe Alwyn surfaced last year. Both the "Anti-Hero" singer and NFL star have neither addressed the engagement rumors at the time of publication.
Recently, Swift wore a custom jacket made from the football star's jersey and was "swag surfing" in the suite with Kelce's mom and Brittany Mahomes as the rest of the fans in the crowd did the same. One person on X wrote: "Travis Kelce has Taylor Swift, swag surfing,wearing his number and singing oh, she’s definitely in love." Another said, "donna kelce and taylor swift swag surfing was not on my 2024 bingo card."
It is quite baffling that 2019 was five years ago! Time really does fly by, and it seems like it wasn't that long ago that these pop songs dropped. Billie Eilish's debut studio album, WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? released in March of that year, with her gorgeous vocals shining on tracks like "bury a friend," "ilomilo," and "i love you." That same year, Lizzo's third album, Cuz I Love You, was released the following month. She took radio waves by storm with bangers like "Truth Hurts," "Tempo," and "Juice." Taylor Swift also released new music in 2019 with her seventh studio album, Lover. It was the singer-songwriter's first album after her departure from Big Machine Records. The album featured such tracks as "Cruel Summer," "Lover," and "The Archer." According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, it was the global best-selling studio album of 2019, with sales of 3.2 million copies.
Ariana Grande's fifth studio album, thank u, next, was released six months after her fourth studio album Sweetener. It was Grande's most personal album recorded up to this point in her career, following the death of her ex-boyfriend Mac Miller and the end of her engagement to Pete Davidson. Songs like "thank u, next," "fake smile," and "7 rings" reflect on the artist's personal flaws, grief and denial, as well as independence and self-empowerment. A newcomer to the pop music scene this year was Lil Nas X, who had major success the year prior with his collaboration with Billy Ray Cyrus on "Old Town Road." His EP, 7, featured the award-winning track and the remixed version. The song went 17 times platinum in the US alone, and the music video has over 1.2 billion views on YouTube.
Take a look below at five songs that turn five in 2024:
We love this synth-pop track, with dark and violent lyrics Eilish sings so well from the perspective of a monster under someone's bed. She said, "Anything could be the monster — it could be someone you love so much that it’s taking over your life. I think love and terror and hatred are all the same thing." And yeah, we know "bad guy" is on that album and yes, that's a classic too. Don't come at us! We just love "bury a friend." 
Besides Lil Nas X's 2021 track, "MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)," all his versions of "Old Town Road" continue to have classic status. The song initially gained popularity on TikTok and later that year, was certified diamond by the RIAA for selling ten million units in the US, making it the fastest song to be certified diamond.
The title track is so timeless and it will surely be played at weddings for years to come. Swift said while recording, she imagined the production to sound like "just the last two people on a dance floor at 3 a.m. swaying." The music video is just as romantic, but with a playful idea of Swift and her lover living the ups and downs of their life within a dollhouse.
In this iconic pop R&B track, Ariana sees a guy at a club and is attracted to him, only to realize that he has a girlfriend who looks just like her -- high ponytail and all. By lingering as a third wheel to the couple, he keeps looking back at Ariana. But by the end, she pushes him away and goes for his girlfriend. The video's climax was seen as "queerbating" by some, but her choosing her lookalike insinuates she would rather love herself.
Lizzo's funky pop song was the lead single from Cuz I Love You. The self-esteem empowering track has an equally fun and empowering music video showcasing Lizzo's self-love. In the video, the singer takes part in an '80s-style workout program, late-night talk show, and selling products on an infomercial.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!