TEXARKANA'S CLASSIC ROCK STATION
Everyone is concerned about getting sick, cases of Influenza are off the charts, and COVID is still hanging in there, but there are some other diseases that you should be very concerned about as well, although these are completely preventable. STDs...
The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) refers to them as Sexually Transmitted Infections, or STIs these days. No matter what you wish to call it, the fact is that the number of cases of Chlamydia, Syphilis, and Gonorrhea, is on a steady pace upward in the Great State of Texas. The biggest problem is you may have no idea until it's too late, and if you're very sexually active, then you are a spreader too.
Dr. Gail Bolan, Director of CDC's Division of STD Prevention says there are about 19,000,000 new STI cases every year just in the United States. That's a lot.
There were over 149,000 new cases of Chlamydia reported in Texas in 2021, and over 64,000 cases of Gonorrhea that year.
Congenital syphilis, which occurs when syphilis is passed to a baby during pregnancy, has increased in Texas 288% from 2017 to 2021.
According to the CDC.gov website, the detection of Chlamydia and Gonorrhea is almost impossible through normal health screenings and Doctor checkups because they are largely asymptomatic. The screening must be targeted to check for those specific infections and treatment must be started early to be effective.
The Federal government's answer, as always, is to throw more money at it. Bear with me as I try not to get overly moral or preachy. The one thing that the government never says, and what we all know to be true, is the most obvious answer;  If you don't want to catch, and potentially spread, sexually transmitted infections, then you should stop having sexual relations with multiple partners. There, I said it, deal with it.
Dr. Catherine Satterwhite's advice in the above video isn't wrong, it's just not complete in my opinion. Yes, talk to your kids, and make them aware of the dangers of pre-marital sex and unprotected sex. But it's not wrong to teach morality and abstention, don't let them make you think it is.
It's alright, I'll say it for you, "Okay Boomer."
Check out some of the county-by-county in Texas STD figures here. And, let's be careful out there.
Happy New Year!
Gallery Credit: Chrissy