The original body cream, previously priced at $58, is now available for $29.
Senior Reporter

	Claudia Sulewski has relaunched Cyklar, the Los Angeles-based skin care brand she introduced in October 2023 with a single product: a moisturizing body cream. 

	A year in, after receiving investment from Ben Bennett of The Center and listening to consumer feedback (with supporters that include Billie Eilish and Kaia Gerber), the longtime YouTuber has expanded with more products that lean into a sensory experience with fragrance, new packaging — sleek and unisex — and lower price points.

	“I just wanted to really home in on building skin care products for the body and using advanced, skin care-forward formulations,” Sulewski said of her vision for the rebrand. “So, for starters, I’m reintroducing the body cream in this new packaging. It’s a bioresin derived from sugar cane. And by reworking the formula and the packaging, it allowed me to bring down the price point, which I’m so excited about.”

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Beauty Features
	



	
			Tracee Ellis Ross, Paloma Elsesser, Justine Skye and More Celebrate Inaugural Black Hair Show	
			













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			








	The lineup features the reimagined body cream at $29 (it was previously priced at $58), a rich texture available in four scents; a body wash at $35, oil-infused and available in the same four scents, and a tool, the Body Toning Cup, at $20 that aims to help with circulation, and to firm and tone the skin. All products are sold on cyklar.com and are on affiliate platform Share-a-Sale.

	“I’m launching direct-to-consumer, so, for now, it’s just going to be online,” she said, when asked about potential future retail partners. “I think online marketing is going to be the number-one priority for a while, as the brand is still small, and certainly in its beginning stages.”

	The brand is expected to do $12 million in sales year-over-year, according to industry sources.

	Moving forward, next month Sulewski will introduce a new scent for the existing products, and by the end of this year, she’ll unveil a new category for the brand, she revealed.

	“I’m very excited about that,” she said, staying mum on details. “And then into the new year, I’ll be continuing to tackle more specific skin care, body products.”
Sign up for beauty news straight to your inbox every day
Top News Stories Alerts Straight to your Inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.