ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TOPSHOT - Canadian actor Ryan Gosling performs "I'm Just Ken" from "Barbie" onstage during the 96th ... More Annual Academy Awards at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California on March 10, 2024. (Photo by Patrick T. Fallon / AFP) (Photo by PATRICK T. FALLON/AFP via Getty Images)
Ryan Gosling might not have taken home some gold at the 2024 Academy Awards, but he certainly stole the show. The actor performed the song “I’m Just Ken” during the telecast, and in the days following the annual ceremony, Americans rushed to consume the tune in sizable quantities.
“I’m Just Ken” was nominated for Best Original Song at the latest Oscars and earned a spot during the show for a performance. Gosling–who sings the tune, but wasn’t nominated for the track, as he didn’t write or produce it–took to the main stage for a Gentlemen Prefer Blondes-style show. The bright pink and campy affair was a highlight of the evening, so it’s not shocking that the cut was one of the top performers in the hours following the event.
According to Billboard, “I’m Just Ken” was purchased 900 times between March 10 and 11. The Oscars were held on March 10, and sales were likely at their most impressive the following day, after millions had been exposed to the Barbie cut, perhaps for the first time.
Those 900 purchases were up significantly from the same time period a week prior. “I’m Just Ken” jumped more than 2,000% in purchases from the time he performed it and just afterward when compared to the Sunday and Monday the week before the Academy Awards.
“I’m Just Ken” wasn’t just a sales success–it also performed well on streaming platforms. The song racked up 417,000 plays on sites like Spotify and Apple
AAPL
 Music after Gosling gave the tune his all. That sum was up 176% from the week prior.
While “I’m Just Ken” didn’t end up winning Best Original Song, the prize did go to another track from the same movie. Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” from Barbie ended up the champion, making the pop singer and her older brother Finneas–who was credited as a writer and producer–the two youngest two-time Oscar winners in history.
In addition to providing perhaps the most exciting moment of the 2024 Academy Awards, Gosling was also a nominee once again. He was up for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Ken in Barbie, though the prize went to Robert Downey Jr. for his role in Oppenheimer.