Kylie Minogue and Billie Eilish were caught enjoying a secret conversation while seated together at the People’s Choice Awards.
The unlikely duo were spotted chatting during a break at the ceremony in the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California, on Sunday, and a clip of them talking has circulated on social media. Billie, 22, was one of the winners at the awards bash, taking home TV Performance of the Year for her appearance in series Swarm, beating competition from Meryl Streep, Ayo Edebiri and Jon Hamm. While Aussie pop queen Kylie performed her massive hit from last year, Padam, during the ceremony.
Footage of the duo went viral on social media, as Billie and Kylie looked like they were spilling the tea during a break at the star-studded awards ceremony. The Bad Guy hitmaker pulled a face as she leaned in to speak to the Aussie queen of pop, and frowned as she covered her mouth and gestured behind her with her thumb.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Billie Eilish opens up on sexuality revealing she is 'physically attracted' to women
Eagle-eyed fans on TikTok were quick to decipher what they were talking about, with many suggesting Billie was visibly disappointed over social media stars attending the People’s Choice Awards. “I'm like, there’s some like, TikTokers here over there,” one claimed the Oscar-winning singer said. “Which is just… I don’t need it.”
While another suggested Billie started the secret gossip session by pointing out someone to Kylie and muttering: “Take a look at that guy.” Others applauded her for covering her mouth while talking to the Spinning Around hitmaker, with one joking: “She seen the lip reading tiktoks (for real).”
Some criticised the cameraman for interrupting the duo’s private conversation, with one commenting: “Bros all up in her business like.” Billie looked distinctly unimpressed when she realised she was being filmed, and can be seen frowning as she flicked her hair over her shoulder and resumed the conversation with her hand covering her mouth.
Fans were supportive of Billie’s frustration towards social media influencers, with many suggesting TikTok stars weren’t welcomed at Hollywood awards ceremonies. “She so real for that!” one tweeted, as another agreed: “And she’s right. Stop treating tiktokers as if they’re celebrities.” A third chimed in: “And she's right, they dont belong there.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.