Park Record

					Park City and Wasatch Back News				
Pop singer Ardy is ready to reveal “Problems in Paradise.”
The Jeremy Ranch resident, who has recorded and performed live with Kaskade, is ready to release her new single — which is the title track of her upcoming debut album — on March 1 on all streaming platforms.
“I wrote it three years ago, but this has been in the works a little longer than that,” said Ardy, who was born Aysia Stewart. “I came up with the title when my family was living in France a little more than three years ago, but the idea of the song came four or five years ago.”
That’s when she wrote the first line of the song, “I love it when you love me like you really love me.”
“I put in my notes and it was there forever,” she said.
Since Ardy knew she would eventually make a full album, she knew she needed to write the title track.
“After I went through my notes I thought I saw this line and decided that I should just run with it,” she said.
Ardy took more than a year to write the song, which she describes as “indie pop with a touch of Americana.”
“The songwriting process is a little weird for me, because I get so in my head about it,” she said. “So, with this one I really knew I had to just sit down and get it finished.”
While Ardy worked at a doggy day care facility and earned her own capital to play for the recording sessions, she was introduced to producer Nate Pyfer, a founding member of The Moth & The Flame who is also known for his work with Kaskade.
“There was a guy there who heard my music and wanted to put me in contact with Nate,” she said. 
Pyfer, who works at June Audio Studios in Provo, liked what he heard, and told Ardy he wanted to produce her record.
“It was a little scary, because I knew working with a producer is a big commitment,” she said. “So I made him a deal. I asked if he’d just produce one song to see what would happen.”
Pyfer agreed, and selected “Problems in Paradise.” 
“It was funny, because that was the one of the songs that I had written that I struggled to like,” she said. “But we got together and made it, and it’s a song that I love right now.”
Ardy and Pyfer entered the studio nearly two years ago.
“I went into it blind, and I was really nervous,” Ardy said. “It was very hard work, and we put in some late nights.”
Still, Ardy, who selected her stage name from her middle name Ardeth, which was also her grandmother’s name, loved the sessions.
“They were also super fun,” she said. “I would consider myself lucky if this could become my career.”
The full album will be released sometime this year, but Ardy already has a plan to release more singles before dropping the record.
“The entire record is a story, and I created the storyline with different characters,” said Ardy, who is also a visual artist and created her own album art. “I also created some animation to go with the upcoming lyric videos. So these characters are moving all around me.”
Ardy’s themes are also sometimes sad, which adds to the unguarded aura of her works.
“I like writing about sad things and conflict, even though I’m a happy person,” she said with a laugh. “Most of the themes that inspire me are love and loss and ponderings about life.”
Those are topics that Ardy doesn’t usually talk about openly with people.
“That’s another reason why writing songs is scary,” she said. “I feel like I lay it all there, and sometimes when I show the songs to my parents, they are like, ‘What have we done to you?’ And I tell them that it’s not anything. It’s just me thinking about things.”
Ardy grew up with music in her home. Her father, Ryan Stewart, is a contemporary instrumental pianist and composer, and her own musical influences include Irish singer-songwriter Hozier, multi-Grammy winning singer-songwriter Billie Eilish and indie-folk singer-songwriter Phoebe Bridgers.
“I really like Hozier’s folksy stuff, Billie’s experimental songs and Phoebe’s lyrics,” she said. “So, I think I have taken cues from all of them.”
As for her father, Ardy not only learned to love music through him, but also learned about the ins and outs of becoming a professional musician.
“It is hard to make a career in the arts, but seeing how my dad was able to support our family with music was very inspiring,” she said.
Ardy, with the support of her father and her mother, Cindy Henderson Stewart, is working hard to carve out her own career in music.
“Making my own connections is validating, because I’ve always wanted to be a musician or an artist in some way,” said Ardy. “But making art is always scary, because it comes from a vulnerable place.”
One of the most vulnerable situations Ardy has ever been in while pursuing her career in music was performing live with Kaskade for three nights last December at the Orpheum in Los Angeles.
“It was ethereal to perform live with artists like him who are so good,” she said. “I felt like every atom in my body was vibrating.”
The live performances were the result of Ardy appearing on Kaskade’s holiday album, “Kaskade Christmas Vol. 2.”
“I was on the track ‘White Christmas,’ that was billed ‘White Christmas Featuring Ardy,'” she said. “It was so validating for an established artist like him to give me a shot, and it was a huge opportunity I am so grateful for. I hope I get to work with him again. But even if I don’t, it was freaking fantastic.”
Ardy was able to sing more songs during the live show, because Skylar Grey, who was also scheduled to perform, fell ill.
“Skylar is so amazing and has done so much beautiful work,” Ardy said. “I was so excited to perform with her as well, but then she got sick. Hopefully there will be opportunities and other collaborations in the future.”
Performing live is something Ardy wants to do in Park City.
“I would love to, but I know I need to work on establishing myself,” she said. “And even if I wasn’t going to release a record, I would still be creating the art. I would do this regardless if there wasn’t an audience.”
Park City Home Spring 2025
The Park Record newspaper publishes twice weekly in Park City, Utah, and has been serving the Wasatch Back since 1880.