The new Billie Eilish Converse, the viral TikTok lip tint and a new Beach House Vinyl.
No, this is not my wish list. Instead, you’re looking at my bank statement. 
Like a drug, I get a severe rush of dopamine when I feel the buzz of my apple pay going through on a fun purchase. I felt the stress of my day exit as quickly as the cashier said “cash or card?” 
From sweet treats to new TikTok fads, I began throwing my money around like it grew on trees. 
Related: Out with Shein. In with sustainability.
But it wasn’t until I checked my bank account, that I realized I had blown through almost as 
much as my car insurance in one trip to the mall. This price tag may be a walk in the park for someone like Taylor Swift, but it surely isn’t for someone like me, a college student. 
That’s when I realized I needed to stick to my mantra of being a “baddie on a budget” and actually put the card down.
I thought retail therapy was a term that was only used by Facebook moms and millennials. But little did I know I had fallen victim to this mindless habit.
If I am being honest, sophomore year has been nothing but a rollercoaster. For starters, my daily life has been swamped with homework assignments, mindless work shifts and intense internship work. 
This fall semester has been insane to say the very least. I began to use shopping as an outlet to help manage the stress of it all.
Related: Overwhelmed with school? Try journaling
It began casually when I began buying shirts off Etsy. I was stoked when I would randomly come home to find a package delivered to me.
It was like my own gifting system. But it became extreme when I would say “I’ve worked hard, I deserve this,” at least five times a day.
That’s when I found how easy it was to double click and activate apple pay on Etsy, Amazon and shopping sites alike. The worst part is the excitement was lost after I used the item.
After I opened the makeup or wore the shirt, I was instantly bored. Once the newness factor was gone, I was on Amazon looking for my next purchase.
Minimalism got thrown out the window when I saw how many of the same shades of lipgloss I had amassed, the same purple shade across multiple brands. 
It became so bad that I found myself picking up extra shifts at work to match my shopping addiction.
Related: The grind never stops, but it should.
The simple answer to my shopping addiction was the fact that I lacked confidence in myself. My fun purchases became the way I would validate my self worth and the work I’ve put in. 
But this validation didn’t have to be the money I spent, but could simply be the time I give to myself. 
It’s the basic understanding that I’ve worked hard and I deserve a break.
The best purchase is one that doesn’t require any money at all and that is the time you make for yourself.
That time is simply priceless.
Between budget cuts, a crackdown on immigration and pushback on diversity, equity and inclusion programs, USF is participating in a slew of changes it won’t brag about.  Without public records, tuition-paying students, corporate donors and university employees may not know what programs and procedures the university is participating in. But getting my hands on these […]

Between budget cuts, a crackdown on immigration and pushback on diversity, equity and inclusion programs, USF is participating in a slew of changes it won’t brag about.  Without public records, tuition-paying students, corporate donors and university employees may not know what programs and procedures the university is participating in. But getting my hands on these […]
If there is one thing I pride myself on, it is my ability to create a good playlist.  Making a playlist is an artform that many can do, but little can master. It’s about meticulously selecting songs to curate the perfect combination of them.  For my summer playlists, it is important I have a good […]

If there is one thing I pride myself on, it is my ability to create a good playlist.  Making a playlist is an artform that many can do, but little can master. It’s about meticulously selecting songs to curate the perfect combination of them.  For my summer playlists, it is important I have a good […]
USF used to be so proud of its diversity and of its contributions to building an equitable society.  These are the things USF is supposed to stand for.  But right now, USF is purging DEI-related content, limiting student activism and worst of all, University Police is planning to partner with ICE, as a public records […]

USF used to be so proud of its diversity and of its contributions to building an equitable society.  These are the things USF is supposed to stand for.  But right now, USF is purging DEI-related content, limiting student activism and worst of all, University Police is planning to partner with ICE, as a public records […]
Everyone should be allowed to be their true, authentic selves.  But it’s difficult to do so when you are not given the right accessibility.  The World Health Organization defines gender-affirmative health care as “any single or combination of a number of social, psychological, behavioral or medical (including hormonal treatment or surgery) interventions designed to support […]

Everyone should be allowed to be their true, authentic selves.  But it’s difficult to do so when you are not given the right accessibility.  The World Health Organization defines gender-affirmative health care as “any single or combination of a number of social, psychological, behavioral or medical (including hormonal treatment or surgery) interventions designed to support […]
As early as fourth grade, I remember doing emergency drills in school in case a “bad guy” came into the classroom.  At the time, we were too young to be told the details, but some of us knew we would be doing these drills because of what happened at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, […]

As early as fourth grade, I remember doing emergency drills in school in case a “bad guy” came into the classroom.  At the time, we were too young to be told the details, but some of us knew we would be doing these drills because of what happened at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, […]
Gov. Ron DeSantis’ “war on woke” is nothing new in Florida. Since 2022, DeSantis has attempted to eliminate ideas he considers “woke” and created laws to enforce that.  It has been tough to see these discriminatory acts impact school districts and universities alike.  But recently, it hit me close to home.  Related: USF students visit […]

Gov. Ron DeSantis’ “war on woke” is nothing new in Florida. Since 2022, DeSantis has attempted to eliminate ideas he considers “woke” and created laws to enforce that.  It has been tough to see these discriminatory acts impact school districts and universities alike.  But recently, it hit me close to home.  Related: USF students visit […]
The Oracle is a student reported, student edited newsroom and needs support from readers like you.