Perfume is the ultimate stocking filler this Christmas, and you'll want to grab a loved one a bottle that looks just as pretty as it smells. Luckily, Black Friday is delivering already, and has a killer deal on a well-rated eau de toilette.
Amazon is selling the Ghost Deep Night Eau De Toilette 50ml for £20.85 - a huge saving from its full price of £44. That's ever so slightly cheaper than the £21.99 price offered by The Perfume Shop, and every little really does help this Christmas.
Best yet, it comes in a chic and sleek black crescent moon-shaped bottle, the kind of addition to a beauty cabinet that makes a statement long after the final spritz. There are also other deals to be had - you can grab a 100ml bottle for the reduced price of £43.95, or peruse gift options that include perfume and candle bundles.
READ MORE: Kylie Jenner's 'fastest selling' perfume that 'lasts all day' cut by £18 in Boots sale
READ MORE: Next's 'luxury' 2024 beauty advent calendar returns for 2024 with £292 savings on Elemis, Pixi and Ghost
While some scents can be overpoweringly floral and sweet, this one offers something a bit different. With a top note of rose, it has apricot, peach and wood at its heart, and a complex base of musk, amber and vanilla. The result isn't overly saccharine and is particularly suited to wintry days and dark nights.
The Ghost Deep Night Eau De Toilette has proven a hit on Amazon, with a 4.7-star rating from over 14,550 reviews. "Ghost Deep Night is a fragrance designed to exude mystery and sensuality. It’s packaged in a crescent-moon-shaped bottle, which immediately gives it a romantic and otherworldly aesthetic. Suitable for evening wear, this scent aims to make a lasting impression," said one five-star review.
"Great value for money compared to the high street prices. Smells great, a great quality perfume," another said. While a third added: "This is my all-time favourite perfume and brand. It smells absolutely amazing and lasts all day, and I always get loads of comments on what perfume it is."
However, everyone's nose - and preferences - are different, and one shopper said: "Normally my favourite, unfortunately cannot smell this one on me." Another added: "I love the scent, however, the scent doesn't linger for long."
For another bottle that's sure to make a splash, check out the Billie Eilish No. 3 EDP, which is £44 for 100ml from Superdrug. For another woody scent, there's the Zadig & Voltaire This is Her! Eau de Parfum, which costs £65.45 for 50ml at Boots.
But for a complex scent at a cut price, Ghost's moody option is sure to be a hit.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.