The founder of his namesake label opens up about his evolving personal style, how to choose the right glasses, and more.
At which point during outfit construction do you consider your glasses? I wondered how Garrett Leight, founder of a well-known, cult-favorite, eponymously named eyewear brand might answer this question. I own a silly amount of frames since I need them to see, so it turns out we have similar methods. Garrett’s got the sort of laid-back attitude Californians are known for, with the personal style to match. Say what you will about the West Coast and its style, the man looks and feels comfortable, which is a recurring theme in this column. Without comfort, you cannot truly have style.
We met up during Garrett’s recent business trip to New York to discuss starting his own business; finding inspiration in his father’s iconic brand, Oliver Peoples; why art and architecture don’t move the needle for him the way style and people do; and plenty more.
Sweater from Jaja Paris, shirt by Second/Layer, pants by Carhartt, sneakers by New Balance, rings (throughout) by Cartier or vintage, watch by Cartier, and sunglasses by Garrett Leight California Optical.
How much of an impact did your father's work at Oliver Peoples have on you? Did you always think you'd end up in the same business?
It had an impact on me, but no, I never thought I would end up in the same business at all. I was an athlete—I was a scholarship Division One tennis player. All I cared about was sports and music, and then I got a job at MTV, even though my dad asked me to work for him once I graduated college. I just really didn't want to. The MTV ladder didn’t seem like something that you could realistically climb at all. After six months there, I did go work for my dad and I fell in love with the entrepreneurial environment and the family atmosphere that he had created. It seemed like people loved him and loved working there and loved the product. Then, I started my own thing. I opened a store on Abbot Kinney and the rest is history, but certainly who he is and what he built has an influence on me. And now more than ever, I care about it and I'm interested in his history. I’m inspired by it.
Just about every style of sunglasses and price point exists these days. How do you continue to create new frames and keep the brand fresh?
There’s a learning curve, even for an expert like me. Ultimately, the reason why we're here and we have staying power is because we created a design DNA that really resonated with people when we released our collection in 2010. We also built an organization of really great people and offered great product and service—all the things that you need. A little bit of luck and a great story, too, in order to be where we are today. But how we continue to do it is not forgetting who we are and why people love us. Not getting carried away with what people might be saying is in style right now, unless we can do it in a way that feels original to us. People always want to copy the hottest brand. We don’t. 
Vest and jeans by 18 East, shirt by Metalwood, sneakers by Salomon, watch by Omega, necklace by Goro's, and sunglasses by Garrett Leight California Optical.
How much of a hand do clothing and style have in the design process for your glasses? Do they factor in at all?
Yes. What interests me in life is humans and how humans interact with each other. For the most part, the things that I really appreciate that humans do are related to music and fashion. I'm attracted to a certain type of individual who expresses themselves in certain ways. Architecture, for whatever reason, doesn't inspire me. I respect it, but I'm not the guy who's going to go look at a building and be like, “Look at the lines on that.” I have a team of people who help incorporate those things into the design of our frames. So maybe you'll see filigree inside of the temple that was inspired by 18th century architecture. But art doesn't inspire me in a traditional way. The way that you express yourself through the fabrics that you wear and the fits that you put together as part of a character influences the way that I perceive something. The colors or material I might be choosing… or if I'm really into light lenses or mirrored lenses or metal frames, it does matter because it's coming from the source of a human. And I'm looking at that whole picture of a person.
What have you learned about picking the right pair of glasses or sunglasses for yourself? Do you have any rules?
That it depends how comfortable you are with your own personal style. I believe that that if you have confidence and you're comfortable, you can wear a frame that's too small, too big, maybe a certain color that shouldn’t work, if you know how to put it together. I oftentimes will wear a tiny little frame. Billie Eilish just wore this frame that my dad's in love with, and it's so small on her, but it's such a vibe. It looks incredible. That said, there are some shape rules: if you have a heart shaped face or a square shaped face, you should technically go with the opposite shape. Clear acetates are going to look smaller, so if you are concerned that you have a big head, you don't want to choose a clear color. Things of that nature certainly apply, and that's what our opticians and our stylists at our stores are there for. If you're not comfortable, we can help with that. But ultimately, if you're confident, you have the freedom to wear any size, material, or color if you know how to do it.
Jacket by Marina Leight Atelier, sweater by LEH, pants by Promenade, sneakers by New Balance, watch by Cartier, and sunglasses by Garrett Leight California Optical.
How does eyewear interact with your style?
I personally have very classic taste for eyewear. I will never have as much fun with my glasses as I might have with a jacket. For me, it's the last thing I choose. I get dressed pants first, shirt, then even shoes. The glasses are literally the last thing. I can almost pick anything. You're getting into more of a color conversation at that point. For me, it interacts from a color perspective because every frame is going to be classic. Every frame, subjectively or objectively, is going to fit my face.
Has your personal style changed much from the time of the inception of your brand to now?
Oh yeah. Massively. I was always interested in clothes, but I would say that my style in my teen years was not very strong. I didn't know this from an early age, but some people were just naturals; I've always been a chameleon. My community has gotten more fashion-oriented, with people who have a strong sense of style. I have many mentors, whether I know it or not, and they affect the way that I choose to dress today. I'm sure it'll change again in the future. It's literally changing right now. I've noticed in the last two years, I'm just super into cozy and comfortable to the point where I'll wear some of the stuff that I'll wear at my house to the office. I just don't care. I look good, it just happens to be sweatpants and a T-shirt. So, yeah it's changed a lot. It's constantly evolving.
Sweater by Kith, polo shirt by Todd Snyder, pants by John Bull, shoes by Feit, bag by anOnlyChild, and glasses by Garrett Leight California Optical.
How do your collaborations come about?
Mostly organically, through relationships. For example, we did one with Josh [Peskowitz] because he's family and he's great. Rimowa is probably one of our biggest and strongest collaborations, and they actively sought us out. Same thing with FootJoy. I'm a big golfer. I love golf and that was a huge hit for us as well. Clare Vivier was a really strong collaboration. It's an older one.
What are some of your favorite brands, and why?
18 East, for sure. If I'm getting fancy, I am a Dries Van Noten guy, definitely. I live in my Salomons and I have Hokas, but I prefer the Salomons big time. I don't know why. Hokas are probably more comfortable. I still just like the Salomons better, maybe it's just aesthetics. I'm obsessed with my Cartier watch. I love Cartier. It’s a great, timeless brand.
What's your favorite place you've ever traveled?
It’s probably Negril. That really was the best. I was also there during the Olympics and I was at this hotel and the Jamaican relay team won gold. You could have been dying in the pool—you’d be dead. The whole hotel, no matter where they worked, was in the restaurant cheering them on, including my wife and me. It was just such a great moment. The real answer is Jamaica, but I almost said Jackson Hole because we went there last year and we really loved it.
Shirt by Supreme, sweater (held) by RRL, pants by Dries Van Noten, sneakers by New Balance, watch by Cartier, and sunglasses and hat by Garrett Leight California Optical.
What's the next destination you're hoping to travel to for the first time?
I want to go to Gozzer Ranch in Idaho. A lot of my friends have been going there the last few summers. I've never really done it [with my kids]. My dad did this with us, where we'd go to the river to get on a boat, take the kids on a tube. I just can't believe that I still have never been to the south of Italy. So, internationally, probably there.
If you had to wear one outfit for the rest of your life, what would it consist of?
Sweatpants and a shirt.
What's the shirt?
Right now it's this Abercrombie T-shirt. I don't know. I am lazy when it comes to that. I found this shirt and it's perfect and it's so comfy. And you will catch me on the weekends wearing literally Abercrombie sweatpants and an Abercrombie T-shirt. For the rest of my life, it doesn't have to be that brand, but a cozy shirt and cozy sweatpants. And Lusso Clouds.
Is there a frame of yours that you would lock yourself into for life?
There is no right answer, but Kinney for sure. It's been my bestseller, and it fits everyone.  
Five Fits With: Snowboarding Star Zeb Powell
Five Fits With: NFL Star Marquez Valdes-Scantling
Five Fits With: Interior Designer Jake Arnold
Five Fits With: Musician Eddie Chacon
Five Fits With: Felicia Hung and Nick Ozemba
Five Fits With: Interior Designer Alfredo Paredes
Five Fits: Palestinian Rapper Saint Levant
Five Fits With: Rapper and Singer SAINt JHN
Five Fits With: ﻿'Queer Eye' Star ﻿Antoni Porowski
Five Fits With: Ray Suzuki, Who Mixes NY and Japan
Five Fits With: Musical Wunderkind Eddie Benjamin
Five Fits With: Singer-Songwriter Moses Sumney
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.