Although a line-up announcement is likely months away, rumours are already beginning to swirl about next year’s line-up
On Worthy Farm, the tents have all been removed, the rubbish cleared from the site, and the cows have returned to the fields. Glastonbury 2024 is a distant memory, and now, our thoughts can turn to next year’s edition.
Bookmakers are already taking bets on 2025’s headliners, and rumours about secret talks have started to swirl. Emily Eavis has confirmed she’s “already in talks with some acts” for next year but is, of course, keeping shtum over exactly who could be on the bill. But, with 2026 confirmed as a fallow year, we’d expect next year’s line-up to be packed with huge headliners. Here are some of the top potential candidates to take on the Pyramid in 2025 to send Glastonbury off with a bang.
[Editor’s Note: This story was first published in July. It was updated in August in light of the Oasis reunion]
Olivia Rodrigo CREDIT: Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images
The first time Olivia Rodrigo played Glastonbury, she was a rising star in her ascendance. Back then, she pulled a mammoth crowd to her afternoon slot on the Other Stage. Now, she’s an arena-headlining established household name rumoured to be in the running to headline the US’ Glasto equivalent, Coachella. She’s one of the bookies’ favourites to top the Pyramid Stage in 2025, too – a feat she could easily pull off thanks to the success of her second album ‘Guts’. And she looks like she’s a solid chance of being down on the farm come June, with shows in the UK suspiciously close to the festival.
Sam Fender CREDIT: Katja Ogrin/Redferns
Sam Fender’s big Glastonbury moment in 2022 was similar to Rodrigo’s – except he took an assured place on the Pyramid. The welcome the indie star received felt like he was already headlining, so it’s only a matter of time before he takes that step up to close out the stage. Fender has announced he’s returning with his third album ‘People Watching’ in February, putting him in a great spot to be ready to celebrate it in Somerset this summer.
The Rolling Stones CREDIT: Paul Hennessy/Anadolu via Getty Images
It took The Rolling Stones until 2013 to play Glastonbury, when they headlined the Pyramid Stage. In the 11 years since, they haven’t returned to Worthy Farm, but are certainly willing. In 2023, guitarist Ronnie Wood told NME it was “a must” to headline the festival again: “If not next year, then…” Could 2025 be their year? So far, there have been no UK dates in support of their latest album ‘Hackney Diamonds’ – saving them for the biggest British booking of all could make perfect sense.
Green Day’s Billie Joe Armstrong CREDIT: Sergione Infuso/Corbis via Getty Images
The fact that Green Day have never played Glastonbury is surprising. Sure, historically, the festival has largely not booked acts from the rockier end of the music spectrum until recent years, but the punk trio feels of the same general lineage as Queens Of The Stone Age, who performed on Worthy Farm in 2023. After a rumoured secret slot this year didn’t pan out, fans are hoping they’ll be an official booking in 2025. They’re certainly big enough and with enough history behind them to headline the Pyramid; all that remains to be seen is if Emily Eavis agrees. The one thing that could count against them: a headline booking at Download just a few weeks prior to Glasto 2025.
AC/DC’s Angus Young CREDIT: Jim Dyson/Getty Images
AC/DC are another genuinely legendary band that have yet to step foot on Worthy Farm. Fans were hopeful 2024 could be their year after their European tour dates revealed they’d be on the continent and free when the festival was taking place. Alas, no performance came to fruition. The band are certainly willing – in 2014, they said they’d play if the festival asked them to – so hopefully, one day, we’ll see Angus Young and pals ripping through ‘Highway To Hell’ on the Pyramid.
Harry Styles CREDIT: Karwai Tang/WireImage
Since Harry Styles was preparing his second album, ‘Harry’s House’, rumours suggested that he was on the cusp of being announced as a Glastonbury headliner. In 2022, he was said to be guesting with Billie Eilish – a mini run-through before he would top the bill the following summer. This year, it was suggested he might guest with Shania Twain. None of those appearances materialised, but with the star working on a new album and having already proven he can more than handle a festival headline at Coachella, the timing seems right for Styles to step up to the top spot.
Raye CREDIT: Jo Hale/Redferns
Raye’s story is a classic underdog tale. Stifled by her label for years, she finally got out of her contract and proved exactly what she’s capable of – both on record and in her phenomenal live shows. It’s rare artists are given the opportunity to headline Glastonbury on just one album, but walking out on the Pyramid Stage under the cover of night would be the ultimate fairytale ending to this record’s run.
Oasis CREDIT: Pete Still/Redferns
The seemingly impossible has finally happened. “The guns have fallen silent”, Noel’s saying nice things about Liam, and Oasis have confirmed a raft of huge reunion shows for 2025. Next year’s edition of Glastonbury takes place right before the Gallaghers kick off their ferociously-anticipated run across the UK and Ireland, and headlining Worthy Farm would certainly be an incredible way to reintroduce themselves to their fans. It would also give the band the chance to deal with some unfinished business. “We’ve never really pulled it off at Glastonbury,” Noel said at a Wembley Stadium press conference in 2008. Will they attempt to right some previous wrongs next year? The band have confirmed they won’t be down on the farm in 2025… but maybe we can hope to see them there in the future?
Taylor Swift CREDIT: MICHAEL TRAN/AFP via Getty Images
Taylor Swift hasn’t performed at Glastonbury yet, but she was meant to – the pop superstar was set to headline in 2020 before the pandemic forced that edition of the festival to be cancelled. Since then, she’s become even more of a cultural phenomenon, somehow bigger than she ever was with the Eras Tour. Swift on the Pyramid would certainly be a spectacle – and would surely draw one of the biggest ever crowds to that field – but is she also now too big for it?
Eminem CREDIT: Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
Eminem is an early frontrunner in the rumours for 2025, with reports suggesting discussions between the rapper and the festival are already underway. It makes sense – Marshall Mathers is about to release his new album, ‘The Death Of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce)’, so it’s more than likely he’ll be on the road by next summer. He’s also one of the biggest modern artists not to have performed at the festival and could bring with him a set bursting at the seams with greatest hits.
Rihanna CREDIT: Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Roc Nation
Over the last eight years, Rihanna fans have learnt the art of patience – and holding on to hope. While the star has been busy building a beauty empire with Fenty and starting a family with A$AP Rocky, they’ve kept waiting for the follow-up to her last album, ‘Anti’. Just when they might have started to think it was never going to materialise, Riri said she was “starting over” on the record and was “prepared” to go back in the studio. Having the record ready in time for Glastonbury 2025 might be wishful thinking, but headlining the Pyramid Stage would definitely be an iconic, emphatic way to make your return.
Ed Sheeran CREDIT: Tim Mosenfelder/WireImage
In 2017, Ed Sheeran headlined Glastonbury with a one-man show – just him, his guitar and a loop pedal. That performance won him critical acclaim across the board, and so, with a point proved, his next return to the top of the Pyramid could be a much bigger affair. It could also come quite soon – the star recently announced a run of European stadium shows for next summer with a suspicious break over Glasto weekend.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.