Based on factual reporting, although it incorporates the expertise of the author and may offer interpretations and conclusions.
Ryan Gosling proved he is more than Kenough with his “I’m Just Ken” performance at the 2024 Academy Awards. 
“Oppenheimer” may have won Best Picture but Ryan Gosling claimed the night.
At the 96th Academy Awards Sunday, Gosling played into the unique atmosphere of the event by singing “I’m Just Ken” and doing a great debate with Emily Blunt over what was better: “Barbie” or “Oppenheimer.”
Gosling worked the cameras whenever they were on him and set a tone that made the evening memorable. While his song didn’t win, another “Barbie” cut did – Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” – and got a standing ovation.
It was the only win for “Barbie” but the film drove the buzz, probably because you can’t really joke about “Oppenheimer.”
While “Poor Things” was probably the biggest surprise (it won four awards, including Best Actress for Emma Stone), it was more shocking to see that “Killers of the Flower Moon,” “Maestro” and “Past Lives” got nothing. The other seven Best Picture nominees got at least one award each.
Messi, the dog from “Anatomy of a Fall,” got a great seat (and a couple of shout-outs); Michael Keaton did a nifty "Batman” bit with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito.
Recalling a winning idea from the past, the producers had five previous winners in the acting categories introduce this year’s nominees. In many ways, that was a great consolation prize. Those who didn’t go home with a trophy got to hear nice things from performers they admired.
John Cena was game, too, in presenting the Best Costumes prize. He was supposed to be recalling the streaker from the 1970s but got cold feet. So, he slinked onto the stage with just a large envelope in front of his, um, privates. While the names were read, stagehands put a curtain around him and the bit worked.
Host Jimmy Kimmel took a laidback approach to his monologue, hitting all of the major nominees but letting others get the bigger laughs during their presentations. When the show was running short, he read a social media review of his performance from Donald Trump and, frankly, it wasn’t necessary or appropriate in the setting.
Still, he earned another shot at hosting (even though comedian John Mulaney seemed like he was auditioning with his recall of “Field of Dreams”) and should have the job for as long as he wants it.
Considering most thought “Oppenheimer” was going to win big, it was a memorable night, filled with moments that should spark water cooler talk this week.
Zendaya (from “Dune: Part Two”) and Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo (from “Wicked”) were presenters, suggesting next year’s Academy Awards will have powerhouses to consider, too.
And Ryan Gosling? If he wants to do something every year on the Oscars, he's welcome. All those years in the “Mickey Mouse Club” taught him the value of entertaining. 
 Bruce Miller is editor of the Sioux City Journal. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Ryan Gosling proved he is more than Kenough with his “I’m Just Ken” performance at the 2024 Academy Awards. 
Winning an Oscar doesn’t ensure success. It merely provides confidence, says producer Jonathan Sanger.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.