Millions of popular songs have been restored to TikTok after the popular social media platform settled a royalties dispute with Universal Music Group.
Users can now once again create TikTok videos featuring hit tracks from superstar artists including Adele, Billie Eilish, and Ariana Grande, with their return expected within the next two weeks. The dispute arose after Universal, representing renowned artists like The Beatles and Taylor Swift, removed its music from the platform due to disagreements with TikTok over royalty payments, use of artificial intelligence (AI) to simulate artists and their music, and concerns about artist compensation.
In January, Universal accused TikTok of failing to "recognise the fair value" of artists' songs and refusing to address concerns about AI technology potentially depriving songwriters of proper compensation. However, the two companies recently declared they had reached a new licensing agreement, described as a "multi-dimensional" deal beneficial for artists, songwriters, and record labels.
The agreement includes "improved remuneration" for artists and songwriters, along with "industry-leading protections" regarding AI. This resolution signals a significant advancement in the ongoing debate over fair compensation for artists in the digital age and promises exciting opportunities for musicians and content creators within the rapidly evolving music industry.
Sir Lucian Grainge, chief executive of Universal Music Group, said: "This new chapter in our relationship with TikTok focuses on the value of music, the primacy of human artistry and the welfare of the creative community. We look forward to collaborating with the team at TikTok to further the interests of our artists and songwriters and drive innovation in fan engagement while advancing social music monetisation."
TikTok chief executive Shou Chew said: “Music is an integral part of the TikTok ecosystem and we are pleased to have found a path forward with Universal Music Group. We are committed to working together to drive value, discovery and promotion for all of UMG’s amazing artists and songwriters, and deepen their ability to grow, connect and engage with the TikTok community.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.