Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 6)
Get real! No matter how much she sells (which will be very little), Lady Gaga is NOT beating Billie Eilish in Best Pop Vocal Album. Pure fucking delusion. 
How many best pop solo performances and pop duos does Billie need to lose for you to learn that she is as loved as Taylor by pop voters. the success of Rain On Me for the next album (general consumption, not single) is enough to beat Taylor, Ariana and Billie and a ROM level single is enough for pop solo or pop duo again.
 They say it for the Chromatica Ball movie. It’s cool and enjoyable but honestly I don’t think she will win. She didn’t win for her SuperBowl so I think for some reason the Television Academy just don’t like her. 
her super bowl won 4 categories, Monster Ball won one category and TIHTY won (and she would be credited if it weren’t for that stupidity year with her). They like her, she just hasn’t had enough credits to win until now, that’s why she did EVERYTHING for Chromatica Ball
about Rain On Me being blocked I’m not going to say anything but facts:
Rain On Me dominated the year-end lists in 2020, it ranked #6 in the AOTY aggregate and  wins BPD/G which indicates great support within pop so maybe it really has been blocked bc they hate Ariana or whatever, AND two Beyoncé songs were included in ROTY, which is strange since logically the votes should have been split, cardigan and I can’t breathe also didn’t enter ROTY, I love black parede but we had two POP songs nominated that were much more part of of the collective consciousness that Black Parede and a same theme song who actually WON song of the year
how do you feel about my likely winner predictions currently: 
AOTY: hit me hard and soft 
ROTY: Texas hold’ em
SOTY: Now and Then
BNA: Sabrina carpenter 
Pop Solo: Espresso
Pop Duo: Now and Then
Pop Vocal: TTPD
Pop Dance: Yes, And?
Dance Recording: (It Goes Like) Nanana [Edit]
Dance/Electronic Album: I Hear You
Best Rock Performance: Now and Then
Best Rock Song: Now and Then
Best Rock Album: Neon Pill
Best Alternative Song: Capricorn 
Best Alternative Album: Only God Was Above Us
Best Traditional R&B: That’s You
Best R&B Performance: Here We Go (Uh-Oh)
Best R&B Song: Saturn 
Best R&B Album: Good Life
Best Progressive R&B Album: Why, Lawd? 
Best Rap Performance: Like That
Best Melodic Rap Performance: Type Shit
Best Rap Song: Like That
Rap Album: WE DONT TRUST YOU
Country Solo: Texas Hold Em
Country Duo: I Had Some Help
Country Song: A Bar Song (Tispy)
Country Album: Cowboy Carter 
Best Song for Visual Media: It Never Went Away
Best Music Video: Gangsta
I didn’t see the tease but fuck yeah Gaga! The pop girls are fucking fighting 
how do you feel about my likely winner predictions currently:  AOTY: hit me hard and soft  ROTY: Texas hold’ em SOTY: Now and Then BNA: Sabrina carpenter  Pop Solo: Espresso Pop Duo: Now and Then Pop Vocal: TTPD Pop Dance: Yes, And? Dance Recording: (It Goes Like) Nanana [Edit] Dance/Electronic Album: I Hear You Best Rock Performance: Now and Then Best Rock Song: Now and Then Best Rock Album: Neon Pill Best Alternative Song: Capricorn  Best Alternative Album: Only God Was Above Us Best Traditional R&B: That’s You Best R&B Performance: Here We Go (Uh-Oh) Best R&B Song: Saturn  Best R&B Album: Good Life Best Progressive R&B Album: Why, Lawd?  Best Rap Performance: Like That Best Melodic Rap Performance: Type Shit Best Rap Song: Like That Rap Album: WE DONT TRUST YOU Country Solo: Texas Hold Em Country Duo: I Had Some Help Country Song: A Bar Song (Tispy) Country Album: Cowboy Carter  Best Song for Visual Media: It Never Went Away Best Music Video: Gangsta 
Not sure bout The Beatles, I knew they won BMV this year but the voters barely reward veterans in pop and general field for the last ten years
Sexy, confident. So intelligent.
She is heaven-sent. So soft, so strong.
The joker hype-boost would be cool but
I hope Gaga releases an album strong enough to perform and succeed on its own
I’m confident she will
Lady Gaga is one artist who’s overdue for a general field win. She’s had quality stuff that should have given her at least two wins in the general field already. Gaga getting a GF win in 2025 would be a dream come through for me. For now, I want the record to be good and a hit. Let’s go
Mayhem
The joker hype-boost would be cool but I hope Gaga releases an album strong enough to perform and succeed on its own I’m confident she will 
 She needs to carry out enough promo and not just ignore the project. Chromatica deserves better
Mayhem
Y’all think any hit song that didn’t make the lineup pre-2021 was “blocked.” There is no reason to assume that “Rain on Me” was a song that was intentionally blocked from the general field. Some of these takes are so cringe.
Dance Recording: (It Goes Like) Nanana [Edit]
The song was already submitted last year.
every Gaga album has been slightly weaker than the last for me. still think she’s great but dhsjsk
every Gaga album has been slightly weaker than the last for me. still think she’s great but dhsjsk 
Joanne and ASIB soundtrack definitely weren’t weaker than Artpop. And Chromatica’s biggest problem was the production imo. BloodPop ruined it with his cheap beats. In the Chromatica Ball movie you can hear how the songs sound better live. I’m so happy she worked with Watt now.
Not sure bout The Beatles, I knew they won BMV this year but the voters barely reward veterans in pop and general field for the last ten years
not to mention the user mentioned now and then in both rock and pop
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
every Gaga album has been slightly weaker than the last for me. still think she’s great but dhsjsk 
 Chromatica  wasn’t any weaker than Joanne.
Mayhem
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 6)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media