Duran Duran are about to embark on their Halloween US tour
Duran Duran have shared a spooky cover of ELO‘s ‘Evil Woman’ in time for Halloween. Check it out below.
The band shared their Halloween-themed album ‘Danse Macabre’ last year, which saw them cover Billie Eilish, Talking Heads and more. Now, they’ve announced ‘Danse Macabre – De Luxe’, an expanded version which is set for digital release tomorrow (October 11) and on CD and vinyl box set October 25. You can preorder/presave here.
Ahead of the release, they’ve shared one of the new bonus tracks – a cover of ELO’s 1975 hit, taken from their album ‘Face the Music’.
Arriving on time to soundtrack the spooky season, Simon Le Bon and co. give the track a haunted-disco feel, complete with a rousing synth chorus and touches of bewitching strings. Check it out below.
Elsewhere on the deluxe album will be new tracks ‘New Moon (Dark Phase)’ – an updated cover of their classic track ‘New Moon on Monday’ featuring former Duran Duran guitarist Andy Taylor – and an instrumental titled ‘Masque of the Pink Death’.
In a press release, keyboardist Nick Rhodes said: “When we released our Danse Macabre project last year it was born from a spontaneous decision to pull together a record which celebrated the madness and joy of Halloween. In doing so, we unlocked an unexpected box of curiosity and creativity, which led us to reimagine some of our older songs, record cover versions of some of our favourites, and write several new pieces.
“This year, the inspiration was somehow still lingering, and I loved the idea of expanding the collection, because we could… Why not add some of the songs that we considered initially now that we had the luxury of a little more time?” he continued. “This thought resulted in another new song, a cover of the ELO classic, ‘Evil Woman’, and a remake of ‘New Moon on Monday’.”
John Taylor, Simon Le Bon and Andy Taylor perform live on stage with Duran Duran. CREDIT: Getty
The iconic 80s band are about to embark on their Halloween US tour, which will commence on October 21 with a show in Allentown, PA. See a full list of dates here and find any remaining tickets here.
In other Duran Duran news, it was shared earlier this year that the band’s frontman Simon Le Bon was among the entertainment figures included in this year’s King’s Birthday Honours list.
He has been awarded an MBE for Services to Music and Charity, and it was announced just days after the model from the group’s ‘Rio’ album cover was finally identified as Marcia Hunt (now known as Marcie Dinkel).
NME also caught up with Duran Duran last year, where they spoke about their eagerness to play Glastonbury Festival. The band have surprisingly never played the huge festival at Worthy Farm, which will be returning this year from June 26-30.
Speaking to NME, frontman Simon Le Bon said: “I’d love to [do it] – we just need to get the right slot, that’s all.
“We have had the chance to do it before, but it wasn’t playing the main stage and I think we’d like to be doing that for sure. I’m sure we’re in negotiations [with Glastonbury], and if not, we will be.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.