By Bruce Haring 

Mayim Bialik took to social media today to express her disappointment that more support for the Hamas hostages taken in the Oct. 7 raid was not expressed at the Oscars. 

	“Of course I have opinions about a lot of things that went down at the Oscars, both on the red carpet and on the stage, but here’s what I’m going to say: I sure wish every single human being at the Oscars would have worn a yellow ribbon to show support for Hamas immediately returning the hostages who have been held since they were seized from their homes on October 7- including American citizens. The cease fire offer on the table demands the return of captive women, elderly, and the injured. It has been rejected by Hamas. #BringThemHome”

	










	Ceasefire pins among Oscar guests and nominees were numerous on the red carpet, with Poor Things actor Ramy Youssef, Oscar-nominated supporting actor Mark Ruffalo from that pic, as well as the Barbie “What Was I Made For?” songwriting team of Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell all donning the pns.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Youssef told Deadline, “This is for Artists for Ceasefire” about the pin. “We have a growing list of so many artists who want a permanent immediate ceasefire in Gaza,” the actor added. “To get really universal about it, it’s about stop killing kids,” he continued.

	Earlier this year, Bialik had an author chat disrupted by protesters who disagreed with her views. 
Of course I have opinions about a lot of things that went down at the Oscars both on the red carpet and on the stage but here’s what I’m going to say: I sure wish every single human being at the Oscars would have worn a yellow ribbon to show support for Hamas immediately… pic.twitter.com/klra6o6fMV
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.