"Something is shifting," the pop star wrote.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Brat Summer is a state of mind, but in actuality, the season will come to an end in about a month. Before it does, though, Charli XCX is teasing that one more surprise is on its way — and it just might involve another guest artist putting a new spin on one of her critically acclaimed album’s tracks.

	In a TikTok posted Wednesday (Aug. 14), the 32-year-old pop star walks outside while singing along to a fan-made mash-up of her single “360” and Fleetwood Mac’s iconic hit “Dreams.” “I’m in Poland.. there’s a whiff of autumn in the breeze..,” she wrote in white text over the video. “Something is shifting.”

	










	“maybe one more remix and then ?” she added in the caption.




			Trending on Billboard		






	If the video’s audio is any hint as to what song will be reimagined next, “360” could be getting a second remix following the previously released version featuring Robyn and Yung Lean. Or, Charli could be planning to expand upon any of her other Brat tracks, something fans took to the comments to speculate on.

	One person, for instance, suggested that “Apple” — which has inspired one of the summer’s trendiest TikTok dances — should get a Midwest Princess twist. “apple featuring chappell roan i plead,” they wrote.

	“sympathy is a knife ft taylor,” another person predicted, likely alluding to rumors that the English singer-songwriter penned the track about Taylor Swift. 

	The latter isn’t totally out of the realm of possibility, given the story behind the “Girl, So Confusing” remix featuring Lorde. After writing the song about her tense relationship with the “Supercut” musician, Charli recruited her to transform it into a duet, restoring their friendship to solidly good terms in the process.

	Other previous Brat remixes include “Von Dutch” featuring Addison Rae and, most recently, “Guess” featuring Billie Eilish, which debuted at No. 12 on the Billboard Hot 100.

	Watch Charli’s TikTok below.
maybe one more remix and then ?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.