(1) GERMAN TOLKIEN SOCIETY EVENT. The twentieth seminar of the German Tolkien Society (Deutsche Tolkien Gesellschaft e.V.) will be a hybrid event. Full details at the link. “Tolkien and His Editors – Tolkien Seminar 2024”
It is not only in Aachen that the 20th Seminar of the Deutsche Tolkien Gesellschaft e.V. will take place from 11 to 13 October. You can also follow the conference worldwide via the internet from Friday at 2pm. Listeners and participants can look forward to numerous exciting lectures on this year’s theme “Tolkien and His Editors” by speakers from all over the world….
(2) THE RICHES OF HORROR WRITING? [Item by Michael J. Walsh.] Out of curiosity I looked at the Stokercon2025 hotel rates.  Oh my. $474 a night! (Or more.)
(3) RED DWARF TRIVIA. “Roll up, smegheads! It’s the ultimate Red Dwarf quiz”. The Guardian challenges the show’s fans: “From hologram destruction techniques to the very point of existence itself: how good is your knowledge of the sci-fi comedy classic?”
(4) ANSIBLE EDITIONS. [Item by David Langford.] The Frank Arnold Papers (edited by Rob Hansen), collecting the mostly unpublished essays and reviews of that old-time UK fan, came out as a TAFF ebook in 2017 with a brief introduction by Michael Moorcock. We’ve since unearthed more material, both published and unpublished, that expands the ebook by about a third to 58,000 words. That seemed to be the cue for a first ever paperback edition, which like the revised ebook was officially released October 1.
Frank Arnold was a long-time regular of the London First Thursday science-fiction pub meetings from their beginning in the 1940s until his death in 1987, and kept the famous Visitors’ Book. He had been active in British SF fandom since the very early days of the 1930s. Although he published one SF collection, a handful of articles and several book reviews, most of his nonfiction never appeared in print.
(5) CLI-FI COLLECTION. Grist’s second anthology of climate fiction short stories is being published soon. Metamorphosis: Climate Fiction for a Better Future includes 12 stories from Grist’s recent Imagine 2200: Climate Fiction for Future Ancestors short story contests. For the first time in book form, you can read these narratives of hope, abundance, solutions, and community resilience for a better future. 
Metamorphosis is available for pre-order right now at the link. It arrives in bookstores October 22.
(6) THE QUALITY OF DISTORTION IS NOT STRAINED. [Item by Steven French.] In this physics-based critique of Constellation and Dark Matter, Robert P Crease and Jennifer Carter pose a crucial question. “Constellation and Dark Matter: the TV series that could change your view of quantum mechanics” at Physics World.
…So are fictional works based on quantum-travel-between-worlds just examples of “harmlessly enabling distortion” (HED, done for a good purpose)? Or should we think of them as examples of “fake artistic distortion” (FAD, done for special effects without caring how science works)? It’s an interesting question especially for philosophers, who have long worried about art having to appeal to its audience’s “sense” of reality, and its tendency to reinforce that sense despite its distortions.
In a similar way, the appeal of TV series based on many-worlds interpretations depends on how agreeably and acceptably they manipulate popular preconceptions about quantum mechanics, such as about time travel, alternate worlds, the reality of superposition, and – most of all – the illusion that the fundamental structure of the world is up to us.
But wouldn’t it be more artistic to portray a universe where quantum systems are what they are – in some cases coherent systems that can decohere, but not via thought control (as in Dark Matter)? If we did that, then artists could speculate about what it’d be like to meet and even trade places with other selves without introducing fake scientific justifications. We could then try to understand if and why we would want or benefit from such identity-swapping, on both a physical and emotional level.
That might really shatter and reconfigure what it means to be human…
(7) YOU’VE SEEN IT. Most likely. “A 400-Acre Movie Ranch Outside Los Angeles Is Listed for $35 Million” – in the New York Times (behind a paywall.)  “Sable Ranch, about 30 miles north of Hollywood, includes an Old West movie set. It has been used for productions like ‘American Horror Story’ and ‘Oppenheimer’.”
When Frank Vacek arrived at Sable Ranch in the 1970s, with its chaparral-covered hills bounded by the mountains of the Angeles National Forest, he instantly saw a California dream.
Mr. Vacek, who with his wife had fled the Nazis in Czechoslovakia three decades earlier, rewrote his fortunes by opening a successful camera shop in downtown Los Angeles in the 1950s. But 30 miles north at Sable Ranch, where cattle grazed amid oak trees, he pictured an even grander second act for his life. He bought the ranch and the property next to it and built an Old West movie set on its land, bringing Hollywood — with its gun shows, cowboys and insatiable appetite for entertainment — to his doorstep.
… In recent years, the ranch has hosted “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” “Criminal Minds” and “24.” After crews from “Fear Factor” used the ranch in 2001, they returned in 2007 to make another game show, “Wipeout,” where contestants compete in an obstacle course with large pools. So Mr. Hunt built water tanks that could each hold millions of gallons of water — an amenity that attracted Billie Eilish to the ranch in 2021, when she was scouting locations for her underwater music video for “Happier Than Ever.”
“You feel the Hollywood legacy when you’re on the property,” said Aaron Kirman of Christie’s International Real Estate Southern California, who alongside Sam Glendon of CBRE is representing Mr. Hunt in the sale…
(8) TODAY’S BIRTHDAY.
[Written by Paul Weimer.]
Born October 5, 1971 – Paul Weimer, 53. Although he has a few short stories to his credit, Paul Weimer is far better known in science fiction reviewing and criticism circles. Having gotten his real start at places like The Functional Nerds and SF Signal, Paul has, and continues to write, for a number of venues and publications across the internet, from traditional fanzines to guest posts on blogs, and always, always telling people that pre-orders are love. 
Paul had a minor but notable role in the Sad and Rabid Puppies Debarkle (h/t Camestros Felapton), showing up on podcasts and blogs, trying in vain to bridge divides and see multiple viewpoints. 
In addition to writing, Paul is a member of the Hugo finalist Skiffy and Fanty podcast, and has shown up on a wide range of other SFF podcasts as a guest. He also has been playing and running TTRPGs, including Play by Email ones, for decades. 
Paul is known in SFF circles, too, as an enthusiastic amateur photographer who is likely to show up at your con with his camera in tow. At the 2024 Glasgow Worldcon, he was a member of the convention’s official Photography Team. As a DUFF Delegate in 2017, he traveled to the Australian and New Zealand Natcons in 2017, and his trip report “What I did on my Summer Vacation” holds the record for most photos in a published Fan Fund report.
After the unpleasantness of being one of the Chengdu Worldcon Ineligibles, Paul won two Hugos at the 2024 Glasgow Worldcon, for Best Fan Writer, and as part of the team of the Best Fanzine Winner, Nerds of a Feather. He also won an Ignyte award for Best Critics as part of the Nerds of a Feather team.
But he’s really just this guy, you know?
A post shared by Paul Weimer (@princejvstin)
(9) COMICS SECTION.
A book must be an axe for the frozen sea within us – Kafka. (My cartoon for today’s @GuardianBooks) pic.twitter.com/PW2JFENfFF
(10) DEBATE OVERFLOW. Most of you will get it.
ARAGORN: The One Ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other masterBOROMIR: And what would a ranger know of this matter?LEGOLAS: This is no mere ranger. He is Aragorn, son of ArathornBOROMIR: the rules were that you guys weren't going to fact-check
(11) TODAY’S THING TO STOP WORRYING ABOUT. Deadline reports “Jim Henson Company Lot On La Brea Not Being Sold To Scientology, Owners Say; “Not In Any Business Dealings With The Church,” Family Declares”.
… Despite reports in the Rupert Murdoch-owned New York Post and other outlets that the Henson family was unloading the 1917 lot originally known as the Charlie Chaplin Studios, the estate was very specific today that the lot would not be joining Scientology‘s extensive real estate portfolio any time soon
A spokesperson for the Jim Henson family said: “In regards to recent rumors about the sale of the La Brea studio lot, the Henson family is not in any business dealings with the Church of Scientology, and that organization is not in consideration as a potential buyer of the property. It is still the family’s intention to move The Jim Henson Company to a new location it can share with Jim Henson’s Creature Shop, but at this time the family is not in escrow with any buyer.”…
(12) PRACTICALLY NEIGHBORS. “Scientists find astonishing planet near to Earth” reports The Independent.
A planet has been found around the closest single star to us.
The planet orbits around Barnard’s star and has been given the name Barnard b. It could be one of a number of planets waiting to be found around that nearby sun.
It was spotted using the the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (ESO’s VLT).
The newly-discovered planet – called Barnard b – has at least half the mass of Venus and on it a year lasts slightly more than three Earth days.
The findings also suggest there may be three more exoplanet candidates, in various orbits around the star.
(13) WALKING BACK NEGATIVE TIME. Sabine Hassenfelder demurs from what the clickbait press is saying in “Negative Time is Real, Physicists Confirm. Kind Of.” “Well first of all, this negative time has nothing to do with passage of time. It’s just a way to speak about how a bunch of photons travel through a medium and how their phases shift.”
In a new paper, a group of physicists claims to have confirmed the existence of “negative time.” I had never heard of this, but I had a look at the paper. And I think I have figured it out.
[Thanks to Teddy Harvia, Mike Kennedy, Andrew Porter, Patrick McGuire, Michael J. Walsh, Mark Roth-Whitworth, Robin Anne Reid, Dann, John King Tarpinian, Chris Barkley, Cat Eldridge, SF Concatenation’s Jonathan Cowie, Steven French, and Kathy Sullivan for some of these stories. Title credit belongs to File 770 contributing editor of the day Jim Janney.]
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.


							Email Address						







 
							Subscribe