"Espresso" leads the Global 200 for the first time and adds a fifth week atop Global Excl. U.S.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Sabrina Carpenter boasts the top two songs on the Billboard Global 200 chart, as “Espresso” ascends to No. 1 from No. 2, becoming her first leader on the list, and “Please Please Please” debuts at No. 2.

	Carpenter also crowns the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart, as “Espresso” percolates 2-1 for a fifth week in the hottest spot. “Please Please Please” debuts at No. 5 on the survey.

	The Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. charts rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales, the latter of which reflect purchases from full-service digital music retailers from around the world, with sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites excluded from the charts’ calculations.

	“Espresso” reaches the top of the Global 200 with 109.3 million streams (up 17%) and 12,000 sold (up 27%) worldwide June 7-13.

	Concurrently, the Quakertown, Pa.-born singer-songwriter’s “Please Please Please” launches at No. 2 on the Global 200, becoming her second top 10, with 104.6 million streams and 10,000 sold worldwide in its first week of availability.

	The latter song was released June 7, alongside its official video starring Carpenter’s boyfriend, Oscar-nominated Saltburn star Barry Keoghan. She performed both songs during her set at New York’s Gov Ball music festival the following day. The singles introduce her album Short n’ Sweet, due Aug. 23.

	Eminem’s “Houdini” dips to No. 3 a week after it debuted at No. 1 on the Global 200; Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” reaches the top five, lifting 6-4; and Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” holds at its No. 5 high.

	On Global Excl. U.S., “Espresso” rebounds for a fifth week at No. 1, from No. 2, with 72.2 million streams (up 13%) and 4,000 sold (up 8%) outside the U.S. June 7-13.

	Eminem’s “Houdini” falls to No. 3 a week after it premiered at No. 1 on Global Excl. U.S.; FloyyMenor and Cris Mj’s “Gata Only” keeps at its No. 3 high; and Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” repeats at its No. 4 best.

	










	Plus, Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” starts at No. 5 on Global Excl. U.S., marking her second top 10, with 54.6 million streams and 3,000 sold outside the U.S.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts (dated June 22, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, June 18. For both charts, the top 100 titles are available to all readers on Billboard.com, while the complete 200-title rankings are visible on Billboard Pro, Billboard’s subscription-based service. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.

Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.