Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Well that one was a doozy. We’re just over halfway into Agatha All Along and we’re finally starting to get some answers to the show’s biggest questions, namely the one that has pestered the audience since day one: Who is Teen? 
Spoiler alert for Agatha All Along‘s first five episodes. 
Luckily for the fans, Wednesday night’s episode, “Darkest Hour, Wake Thy Power” — a title that adequately foreshadows the final moments of Episode 5 — answered the question we’ve been asking since the show’s premiere: 
Well, this episode saw Teen (Joe Locke) revealed to be none other than Billy Kaplan, a.k.a. Wiccan, a.k.a. Billy Maximoff (Wanda Maximoff’s son)… sort of. 
After a brush with the Salem Seven — the daughters of the original Salem witches who Agatha Harkness (Kathryn Hahn) killed hundreds of years ago, as explained in WandaVision — the makeshift coven took to the skies on broomsticks all the way to their next trial on the Witches Road. There, Alice Wu-Gulliver (Ali Ahn) met her demise as she attempted to protect Agatha from the vengeful ghost of her mother, Evanora Harkness, who wanted the witches to punish Agatha for her centuries of bad deeds. As Alice used her powers to expel Evanora from Agatha’s body, Agatha — who obtains her own witchy capabilities by absorbing another witches essence — began to take hold of Alice’s orange-hued powers. Ultimately, this leads to Alice’s life force being drained, much to the shock and horror of Agatha’s fellow coven members, Lilia (Patti LuPone), Rio (Aubrey Plaza), Jennifer (Sasheer Zamata) and Teen. 
While Agatha is clearly conflicted over the incident — happy to have powers again but broken over how she obtained them — she does her best to conceal her true emotions which leads to a confrontation between her and the other witches. 
Visibly upset over Agatha’s responsibility in Alice’s death, Teen confronts the HWIC (Head Witch In Charge) as they return to the road and calls her out for killing their friend and coven member. “So that’s what it means to be a witch? Killing people to serve your own agenda?” he says to Agatha as she attempts to conceal a chuckle before replying, “Are you sure?” 
It’s then that Agatha — who clearly made the discovery at some point that Teen is Billy, not her dead son Nicholas Scratch as she previously had suspected — leans in for the kill by shaking Teen Billy to his core and awakening his powers. “You’re so much like your mother,” Agatha adds, slyly smiling and ordering him to follow her, a command he openly defies. 
Suddenly, Teen — channeling blue magic through the tips of his fingers, the same color of young Billy from WandaVision — uses mind control on Lilia and Jen to capture Agatha. After having the pair of witches fling Agatha into a tar pit, he uses his powers to blast Lilia and Jen into the same fate before the final shot of the episode zooms out to reveal Teen — now identified as Billy Kaplan — wearing a blue crown, similar to the one Wanda wore in the finale of Wandavision. The picture is the simple but powerful answer on the question of Teen’s origins. 
Here’s the shake: It’s long been believed that the Heartstopper star would be portraying Billy Kaplan — who is really the reincarnated soul of Wanda’s son Billy Maximoff — but this is finally the confirmation we have all been waiting for. 
Between Kate Bishop in Hawkeye, Kamala Khan in Ms. Marvel, Riri Williams in the forthcoming Ironheart series and the introduction of Billy and Tommy Maximoff in Wandavision, fans have been suspicious that Marvel is playing the long game of setting up a film or TV show based on the Young Avengers comics. Billy Kaplan’s reveal in Agatha All Along just brings us one step closer to confirmation that a teen team-up is coming down the pike.  
Back to Agatha All Along for a beat.  As it pertains to Billy’s reveal, some detail-oriented fans quickly pointed out on social media that in the moment Agatha reveals she is aware of Teen’s parentage, there is yet another confirmation of his identity. Just after Agatha mentions Billy’s mother, the music builds and appears to match the strings of “Wanda’s Theme.” The tie-in is deliciously layered and reminiscent of the golden Wandavision days. 
What’s more, as the camera zooms out to reveal Billy’s blue crown, the intro cords of Billie Eilish’s “You Should See Me In a Crown” play quietly before blasting for the credits. It’s once again a reminder of the creative team at the helm as it felt like the final moment of Wandavision episode 4 where Jimi Hendrix’s “Voodoo Child” slowly comes in after Wanda gives birth to Billy and Tommy. 
Of course, it’s certainly not new for the Marvel Cinematic Universe to tease a character’s arrival with music — who could forget Kamala Khan discovering she’s a mutant in Ms. Marvel as the riff from X-Men: The Animated Series played underneath, see here for proof. This is the biggest indicator of what could be to come on the Witches Road, though. 
Fans will remember that Wanda’s sons dissipated at the end of Wandavision as she brought down the hex over the town of Westview, New Jersey. That heartbreaking moment led to the events of Dr. Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, which saw a deranged Wanda searching the multiverse for her sons and bringing down Mt. Wundagore on herself after realizing the extent of the Darkhold’s grip on her and the atrocities she had committed — a “death” that is even referenced in Episode 1 of Agatha All Along. 
So what exactly does this mean for Teen, Agatha and the others? Well, it’s currently unclear how showrunner Jac Schaeffer plans to explain Billy’s identity and how exactly he is Wanda’s son. 
Should the comics provide any guidance, things could be about to get tricky to explain. To make a long story short, Wanda used her reality-bending powers to create Billy and Tommy (cough cough, sound familiar?) only to have their souls taken by Mephisto, a demon and high lord equatable to the devil. Their souls were later reborn and the twins took on the names of Billy Kaplan and Tommy Shepherd in their new lives. 
As evidenced by the first part of that story and Mephisto’s name drop in Agatha All Along episode 3, Marvel could be on track to use this explanation as an outline for how to explain Billy’s arrival at Agatha’s doorstep. We’ll just have to wait and see. 
Agatha All Along episodes 1-5 are currently streaming on Disney+ and new episodes drop Wednesdays at 9 p.m. PST. You can also catch up on all episodes of Wandavision on Disney+.

This story has been shared 2,158 times.
2,158


This story has been shared 2,067 times.
2,067


This story has been shared 1,031 times.
1,031


This story has been shared 688 times.
688


This story has been shared 464 times.
464


This story has been shared 416 times.
416


This story has been shared 388 times.
388


This story has been shared 301 times.
301


This story has been shared 274 times.
274


This story has been shared 233 times.
233


This story has been shared 200 times.
200


This story has been shared 194 times.
194


This story has been shared 146 times.
146


This story has been shared 143 times.
143


This story has been shared 139 times.
139