Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				Billie Eilish's perfume is heavenly — with notes of vanilla, musk, and sugared petals.			

Shop

If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, we may receive an affiliate commission. Learn more about our policies and reviews.
When you think of Billie Eilish, the words mysterious, sweet, and artistic may come to mind. The same words can also be used to describe her perfume Billie Eilish Eau de Parfum Spray Perfume. With notes of sugared petals, creamy vanilla, and warm musk, this is a scent that will become your staple with everyone you pass by asking how you smell so good. Billie wanted this scent to be for everyone — it’s universally delicious and will make your nose smile any time you take a whiff of it. 
Shop the Billie Eilish Eau de Parfum Spray Perfume for $72 on Amazon today!
“I wanted it to feel like a warm embrace. It’s a scent that I’ve been chasing for years and years and years,” Eilish told Harper’s Bazaar. “It’s my favorite smell in the world.” It’s feminine while remaining subtle — the perfect mix for any perfume. There are also sleek woods and musk that have a long-lasting effect. “It’s just very cozy to me and sensual,” Billie also told ELLE. “It makes me want to be curled up at Christmas.” The scent is almost magnetic — with the mix of berries and soft spices, it’s an undeniable combination that is hard to resist. The shape of the bottle is also incredibly unique and makes for great decor on a nightstand or dresser.
With over 2,000 reviews on Amazon — Billie’s perfume has quite a few fans. “This is the best-smelling perfume EVER!!!!! It’s a very warm, cozy smell. Not overly sweet. I seriously cannot speak more highly of a perfume. 1000000 out of 10 recommend,” an Amazon customer beamed. If you’re on the hunt for a new scent — now is the perfect time.
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect