Artists and creatives alike have gathered online to mourn the unexpected passing of Rob Stone, co-founder of music publication The Fader and marketing firm Cornerstone Agency.
Memorializing Stone, who died at 55 years old on Monday (June 24) after a private cancer battle, was his longtime business partner Jon Cohen.
"I will love you forever Rob Stone. Our partnership was incredible. The things we accomplished together we could have never dreamed of doing when we were 15," Cohen wrote. "Yes we did want to kill each other at times but the love and respect we had in building our company for 28 years was special. But way bigger than our success was our friendship. There is no one I loved having at my side more than you."
Both Stone and Cohen launched The Fader in 1999, with hundreds of music acts gracing the cover throughout the years, including Drake, Billie Eilish, Young Thug, Nicki Minaj, James Blake and more. Funkmaster Flex was the first DJ on the cover, which you can hear how it was made here.
The Fader developed into additional side projects like Fader Films and Fader Fort held at the annual music festival SXSW. The publication was introduced as a companion project to Stone developing a music marketing agency with Loud Records founder Steve Rifkind in 1996.
Some who can credit their visibility to The Fader are Metro Boomin and Chuck Inglish of Chicago rap duo The Cool Kids, both of whom mourned Stone's passing on social media, along with DJ Premier, author Dan Charnas, and others.
"RIP Rob Stone," Metro wrote in his Instagram Stories on Tuesday (June 25). "Forever grateful for my first cover story with the legendary FADER."
Read more in memoriams of Stone below.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Willow Smith Says Without Famous Parents, She'd Still Be a 'Weirdo and a Crazy Thinker'
style | BY Jose Martinez
Rap Fans Want Drake, Kendrick, and J. Cole to Weaponize Their Wild 'GQ' Photoshoots Against Each Other
music | BY Trace William Cowen
‘In His Own Words: XXXTentacion’ Documentary Trailer Released
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.