Pop Party is coming to Redruth's Regal Theatre on August 22.


  A live concert for children, the event will feature renditions of popular TikTok hit songs.


  This includes music from prominent artists such as Little Mix, Taylor Swift, Harry Styles, Billie Eilish, Meghan Trainor, Ed Sheeran, Charlie Puth and more.


  The energetic ensemble of performers, known as Party Poppers, are set to light up the stage with diverse musical numbers.


  Moving from catchy pop anthems to inspiring ballads, every track promises to embody a message of self-confidence and positivity.


  As per the creators, Pop Party's ambition is to provide an immersive experience.


  It invites its young attendees to sing and dance freely along to the music.


  The concert is designed to promote self-expression and aims to leave each child feeling like a rockstar.


  Travelling across the UK, Pop Party is expected to create lasting memories for children and their families throughout the country.


  It will also visit the likes of Taunton, Hereford, Swansea, Blyth, Leeds, Colchester, Poole and many more.


  For more information about the show, and to buy your tickets ready for August, visit the Regal Theatre website via www.merlincinemas.co.uk/regal-theatre.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.