The globetrotting ‘Era’ continues.
Following a fiery four-concert stint in Paris, Taylor Swift is headed to Sweden.
From May 17-19, the influential pop star has three, huge back-to-back-to-back concerts booked at Stockholm’s Friends Arena as part of her ongoing ‘Eras Tour’ along with special guest Paramore.
And, for once, ticket prices aren’t outrageously expensive.
At the time of publication, our team found tickets going for as low as $171 USD before fees on Vivid Seats.
What’s particularly shocking about these low — well, low for Swift — prices is that just a little over two weeks ago, the cheapest seats we could find for the trio of Stockholm shows was $314 before fees.
That’s over $140 in savings (!) just for having exercised a bit of patience.
Plus, fans who attend these Stockholm shows will be treated to Swift’s newly-added “Tortured Poets” section of the ‘Eras Tour.’
“I’m SO fired up to play this for every crowd on the tour,” Swift shared on Instagram.
Want to see Taylor live in Sweden without fully breaking the bank?
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about all three Taylor Swift ‘Eras Tour’ concerts at Stockholm’s Friends Arena below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all ‘Eras Tour’ Stockholm Friend Arena concert dates and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
As noted above, Swift incorporated “The Tortured Poet’s Department” into her Paris shows.
For a closer look, here’s what Tay Tay played at her final Paris concert at La Defense Arena, according to Set List FM:
Lover
01.) “Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince”02.) “Cruel Summer”03.) “The Man”04.) “You Need to Calm Down”05.) “Lover”Fearless
06.) “Fearless”07.) “You Belong With Me”08.) “Love Story”Red09.) “22”10. )”We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together”11.) “I Knew You Were Trouble”12.) “All Too Well”Speak Now13.) “Enchanted”reputation
14.) “…Ready for It?”15.) “Delicate”16.) “Don’t Blame Me”17.) “Look What You Made Me Do”folklore / evermore
18.) “cardigan”19.) “betty”20.) “champagne problems”21.) “august”22.) “illicit affairs”23.) “my tears ricochet”24.) “marjorie”25.) “willow”1989
26.) “Style”27.) “Blank Space”28.) “Shake It Off”29.) “Wildest Dreams”30.) “Bad Blood”THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT
31.) “Female Rage: The Musical” (contains elements of “MBOBHFT”, “WAfoLOM?”, “loml”, “So Long, London” & “BDILH”)32.) “But Daddy I Love Him / So High School”33.) “Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?”34.) “Down Bad”35.) “Fortnight”36.) “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived”37.) “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart”Surprise Songs
38.) “The Alchemy / Treacherous”39.) “Begin Again”Midnights
40.) “Lavender Haze”41.) “Anti‐Hero”42.) “Midnight Rain”43.) “Vigilante Shit”44.) “Bejeweled”45.) “Mastermind”46.) “Karma”
Our team has been following the ‘Eras Tour’ closely over the past year.
Over the past few months, we spoke to a Swiftie who shared some helpful tips about seeing Taylor live, reported on dropping ticket prices and came up with a list of all the most exciting fan trends.
As noted above, Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department” was released at midnight (and subsequently at 2 a.m.) on Friday, April 19.
While every listener will likely come away with their own favorites, we particularly enjoyed the sleek, synth-y “Fortnight,” icy “So Long, London,” anthemic “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart,” bombastic slow build of “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” and gorgeously arranged “Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus.”
If you want to give it a spin — if you haven’t already, that is — you can find “The Tortured Poets Department” here.
The Hayley Williams-fronted pop-punk rockers are opening for Swift from May through August this year. This may come as a bit of a surprise to their fans considering that the group mounted a successful arena tour of their own in 2023.
That tour came on the heels of Paramore’s 2022 reunion; prior to that, the band had been on a five-year hiatus.
For fans who want to check out their latest, their 2023 album “This Is Why” can be heard here.
Although it will cost an arm and a leg (sometimes more!) to see Swift live this year, there are much more affordable — likely stateside — concerts you can attend this year.
Here are just five of our favorite artists you won’t want to miss live.
• Olivia Rodrigo
• Kacey Musgraves
• Pink
• Chappell Roan
• Billie Eilish
Who else is on the road this year? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change