Harris was beaten by 226 college votes compared to Donald Trump's 301   
DJ Vlad has said Kamala Harris‘ team “dropped the ball” by not appearing on his or Joe Rogan’s podcast.
The interviewer and former journalist who hosts news website Vlad TV, which has over 5.9million subscribers, took to social media to reflect on where he believed the Harris camp went wrong.
He claims he had been communicating with the Vice President’s team “for months” in an attempt to schedule an interview with her or her running mate, Tim Walz.
“For the record, I was in contact with Kamala’s media team for months trying to set up an interview with her or Walz, and they ultimately passed on both of them,” he wrote on X. “I think my interview with her would have been her biggest interview if I had free reign to do the interview I wanted to do. Kamala’s team really dropped the ball when it came to the interviews they scheduled for her during the campaign.”
For the record, I was in contact with Kamala's media team for months trying to set up an interview with her or Walz, and they ultimately passed on both of them.  
I think my interview with her would have been her biggest interview if I had free reign to do the interview I wanted…
— DJ Vlad (@djvlad) November 7, 2024
He went on to say it was a mistake for her not to go on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast particularly after his three hour interview with Donald Trump went on to amass more than 26million views on YouTube in 24 hours. It now has more than 47.3million.
Rogan, who endorsed Trump on the eve of the election, said he had invited Harris to appear on his show before Election Day, but he was unable to meet her team’s requests.
“They offered a date for Tuesday, but I would have had to travel to her and they only wanted to do an hour,” he said. “I strongly feel the best way to do it is in the studio in Austin. My sincere wish is to just have a nice conversation and get to know her as a human being. I really hope we can make it happen.”
As a result, Vlad believes Harris’ team’s “biggest bad decision was turning down Joe Rogan – who just gave Trump one of the biggest interviews of all time on YouTube.”
He added: “If they had been as forward-thinking as Trump and made their rounds on all the important podcasts, I think she would have flipped some of the key states she barely lost in and possibly won the election.”
In the end, Trump won 301 college votes compared to Harris’ 226 and won every swing state in America.
A host of artists have since expressed their dismay at Trump being re-elected as President of the United States including Madonna, who wrote: “Trying to get my head around why a convicted felon, rapist, bigot was chosen to lead our country because he’s good for the economy?”
Billie Eilish was visibly emotional while performing at a concert and dedicated ‘Your Power’ to her female fans. “Someone who hates women so, so deeply is about to be the President. This song is for all the women out there. I love you, I support you,” she added.
Jack White shared a blistering attack on social media, in which he lambasted Trump and made a point to highlight several groups who will be affected by the convicted felon’s presidency.
Ariana Grande and Selena Gomez also offered their fans comfort after Trump was re-elected as the President of the United States.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.