Forget the Eiffel Tower, Louvre, or L’Arc de Triomphe.
From May 9-12, international superstar Taylor Swift will be The City of Light’s main attraction when she swoops into the Paris La Defense Arena for four huge back-to-back-to-back-to-back ‘Eras Tour’ concerts along with special guest Paramore.
And if you want to be there, last-minute tickets are available for all shows.
Better yet, they’re significantly cheaper than they were when the New York Post last reported on Taylor Swift ticket prices on April 26.
On that date, prices to see the “The Tortured Poets Department” singer live started at $425 USD before fees on Vivid Seats.
At the time of publication, tickets can now be scooped up for as low as $246 USD before fees.
That’s nearly $200 (!) in savings.
Sometimes “all of this silence and patience, pining in anticipation” as Tay Tay sings in “Dress,” really does pay off.
Want a closer look at how much tickets cost for Swift’s four shows in one of the world’s most romantic cities?
Keep scrolling, Swifties.
We’ve got everything you need to know and more below about Taylor’s Paris ‘Era’ below.
All prices listed below are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all ‘Eras Tour’ Paris La Defense Arena concert dates and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
While Swift is known for dropping a surprise song or two into her shows, the tracks stay surprisingly consistent for most gigs (although that will likely change in the wake of “TTPD’s” release).
In any event, here’s what Tay Tay played at her final 2023 concert in Brazil, according to Set List FM:
“Lover” Era
01.) “Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince”02.) “Cruel Summer”03.) “The Man”04.) “You Need to Calm Down”05.) “Lover”06.) “The Archer”“Fearless” Era
07.) “Fearless”08.) “You Belong With Me”09.) “Love Story”“evermore” Era
10.) “’tis the damn season”11.) “willow”12.) “marjorie”13.) “champagne problems”14.) “tolerate it”“Reputation” Era
15.) “…Ready for It?”16.) “Delicate”17.) “Don’t Blame Me”18.) “Look What You Made Me Do”“Speak Now” Era
19.) “Enchanted”20.) “Long Live”“Red” Era
21.) “22”22.) “We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together”23.) “I Knew You Were Trouble”24.) “All Too Well”
“folklore” Era
25.) “the 1”
26.) “betty”27.) “the last great american dynasty”28.) “august”29.) “illicit affairs”30.) “my tears ricochet”31.) “cardigan”“1989” Era
32.) “Style”33.) “Blank Space”34.) “Shake It Off”35.) “Wildest Dreams”36.) “Bad Blood”Surprise Songs Era
37.) “Say Don’t Go”38.) “it’s time to go”“Midnights” Era
39.) “Lavender Haze”40.) “Anti‐Hero”41.) “Midnight Rain”42.) “Vigilante Shit”43.) “Bejeweled”44.) “Mastermind”45.) “Karma”
Our team has been following the ‘Eras Tour’ closely over the past year.
Over the past few months, we spoke to a Swiftie who shared some helpful tips about seeing Taylor live, reported on dropping ticket prices and came up with a list of all the most exciting fan trends.
As noted above, Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department” was released at midnight (and subsequently at 2 a.m.) on Friday, April 19.
While every listener will likely come away with their own favorites, we particularly enjoyed the sleek, synth-y “Fortnight,” icy “So Long, London,” anthemic “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart,” bombastic slow build of “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” and gorgeously arranged “Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus.”
If you want to give it a spin — if you haven’t already, that is — you can find “The Tortured Poets Department” here.
The Hayley Williams-fronted pop-punk rockers are opening for Swift from May through August this year. This may come as a bit of a surprise to some fans considering that the group mounted a successful arena tour of their own in 2023.
That tour, came on the heels of Paramore’s 2022 reunion; prior to that, the band had been on a five-year hiatus. 
For fans who want to check out their latest, their 2023 album “This Is Why” can be heard here.
Although it will cost an arm and a leg (sometimes more!) to see Swift live this year, there are much more affordable — likely stateside — concerts you can attend this year.
Here are just five of our favorite artists you won’t want to miss live.
• Olivia Rodrigo
• Kacey Musgraves
• Pink
• Chappell Roan
• Billie Eilish
Who else is on the road this year? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change