Dr. Dre teased a November release of his collaborative album with Snoop Dogg, Missionary, which is a followup to Doggystyle.
Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg will remain linked forever musically and their undeniable chemistry was once more on display during the closing ceremony of the 2024 Summer Olympics. In a new interview, Dr. Dre teased that the long-promised Missionary album with Snoop Dogg could see a release this November.
Dr. Dre, 59, spoke with Entertainment Tonight about his surprise performance with Snoop Dogg as the Summer Olympics concluded in Paris with the games taking place in Los Angeles, Calif. in 2028. The pre-recorded performance of “The Next Episode” was done with an “LA 28” backdrop in Snoop’s hometown of Long Beach. The concert also featured appearances from H.E.R., Red Hot Chilli Peppers, and Billie Eilish.
The ET chat opened with the producer praising Snoop for bringing him out of his usual reclusive state in the studio to create magic onstage. Dre did make certain to let it be known that when it comes to producing and creating, he’s the “captain” to use his words but once more showed deference to the Doggfather for his ability to perform.
Later in the discussion, Dre shares details of his work on Missionary, which was initially billed as a followup to Snoop’s debut album Doggystyle on its 30th anniversary, which occurred in November of 2023. Dre’s goal now is to finish mixing between 14 to 16 songs for Missionary by September 1 to have it ready to go in November.
Other great points raised during the Dr. Dre interview were his views on the breaking competition in the Summer Olympics, his aspirations to join the games as an archer, and more.
Check out the chat below.
—
Photo: Getty

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.