The rapper last released his album '3.15.20' onto streaming platforms in 2022
Childish Gambino has announced he will premiere new music tonight (April 14).
The musician, comedian, actor and writer (real name Donald Glover) first began teasing new music last December, with him promising new music was on the way “soon”.
Now, Glover has officially unveiled the news, taking to social media to reveal some details about where to listen. “GILGA Radio tonight @ 11pm PST”, he wrote. “live streamed on Instagram.”
When asked by a fan whether the multihyphenate was definitely releasing music, he replied: “of course. its [sic] a rollout dummy”
Gilga Radio appears to be part of Glover’s latest venture called ‘Gilga’, described in an interview with GQ as a “production company/incubator/cultural library”.
GILGA Radio tonight @ 11pm pst. 
live streamed on instagram @ @donaldglover
— donald (@donaldglover) April 14, 2024
of course. its a rollout dummy.
— donald (@donaldglover) April 14, 2024
‘3.15.20’ was awarded five-stars by NME when it was initially released in 2020: “Glover’s willingness to share such a candid moment on record is particularly interesting given his past proclivity towards keeping his private life largely offline, and may be a sign that the star is beginning to let his guard down as the outside world continues to try to peer in.
“It’s an approach that Glover is applying to his musical output at least, with the impressive ‘3.15.20’ well worth the wait — we’ll keep our fingers firmly crossed, then, that he doesn’t give in to his past evasiveness and take the record down again…”
Glover also released an EP of new music to go alongside his new TV show Swarm, which landed on streaming platforms in March 2023.
The Amazon Prime Video series was created by Glover alongside Janine Nabers, and features Billie Eilish in her acting debut.
In other news, Glover revealed that the script for the highly anticipated Community movie is “done”: “I’m all in.”
His Star Wars feature Lando has also been announced to be developed into a film, with his brother Stephen announcing: “It’s not even a show. The idea right now is to do a movie. But that’s the thing, right now because of the strike, it’s kind of like telephone, all the information coming out.”
Elsewhere, Glover also appeared with A$AP Rocky at Tyler, The Creator’s headline Coachella set. 
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.