By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:43, 14 March 2024   |  Updated:  09:47, 14 March 2024   
 21
View  comments
Anya-Taylor Joy posed up a storm over the weekend as she put on a show-stopping display at the Oscars on Sunday evening. 
However the actress ditched the glamour for something more casual on Tuesday as she stepped out in Los Angeles. 
Embracing the makeup free look, the Queen Gambit star, 27, showcased her natural beauty as she prioritised comfort in a light grey tracksuit. 
Flashing her toned abs in the cropped zip up top, the star cut a stylish figure as she paired the top with some wide-legged flares.
Letting her blonde hair fall in natural waves the star looked world's away from her dazzling appearance for the Oscars.  
Anya-Taylor Joy, 27, went make-up free as she slipped into a comfortable tracksuit while out and about in Los Angeles on Tuesday after her dazzling glam Oscar look 
Flashing her toned abs in the cropped zip up top, the star cut a stylish figure as she paired the top with some wide-legged flares
Anya put on a show-stopping look in a sparkling bejewelled strapless gown as she attended the 96th Annual Academy Awards at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. 
As her dress featured plenty of dazzling beaded embellishment, the star dazzled on the red carpet, before she joined Chris Hemsworth inside to present an award.
Anya teamed her jaw-dropping ensemble with a dazzling slew of diamond rings and matching bracelet.
Her long platinum locks were styled straight as they cascaded down her back, and the star opted for a smoky eye as she donned a full glam look for the night. 
And it didn't stop there as she later arrived at Vanity Fair's Oscars party in another sensational ensemble. 
Anya wowed in a black mini dress with a sheer black embellished bra as she attended the party at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts in Beverly Hills.
She completed the look with tights and stilettos, while accessorising with a spectacular silver headpiece.
Anya oozed confidence in the bold ensemble as she posed for stunning snaps on the red carpet after attending the star-studded ceremony. 
Anya put on a show-stopping look in a sparkling bejewelled strapless gown as she attended the 96th Annual Academy Awards at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood
The actress later arrived at Vanity Fair's Oscars party in another sensational ensemble as she wowed in a black mini dress with a sheer black embellished bra
Anya sported a soft glam makeup look with a swipe of blush lipstick 
She was later seen leaving the star-studded party with her boyfriend, American actor and musician Malcolm McRae.
Oppenheimer won a whopping seven Oscars at Sunday night's Academy Awards - while rival Barbie only won one.
Meanwhile Emma Stone led Poor Things to an impressive four including her Best Actress win and UK film The Zone Of Interest won two at the gala event held at The Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California .
The historical epic directed by Christopher Nolan swept the major categories with wins for Best Actor Cillian Murphy , Best Supporting Actor Robert Downey Jr. and Nolan - with the film also winning Best Picture.
In contrast, Barbie, who memorably won against Oppenheimer in the 'Barbenheimer' box office showdown over the summer, walked away with just one award for Best Original Song for What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish and Finneas McConnell.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group