Billie Eilish found great success with her song 'What Was I Made For' from Barbie... but it's all she's asked about now.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Billie Eilish is one of the hottest pop stars in the business right now, thanks to her outstanding signature vocal style. She recently got even more wild success thanks to her song "What Was I Made For?" from the soundtrack of Greta Gerwig's Barbie (which is streaming with a Max subscription). The movie has been super popular since the movie hit theaters last summer, and it turns out Eilish is tired of all the Barbie questions, thank you very much. And she was even quoted saying she's going to go "the fuck away" after all the chatter. 
"What Was I Made For?" is a haunting and moving melody, and the way it was used during Barbie's runtime was one of the most powerful moments of the entire film. Eilish's song went viral on TikTok almost immediately, while also being streamed and played on the radio regularly. The acclaimed artist spoke to Rolling Stone about how much Barbie has been on the mind lately, saying:
Bro, nobody can get enough of me. Every second of every day is Barbie, Barbie, Barbie, Barbie, Barbie, which is great, but as soon as the Oscars are over and I lose, I’m going the fuck away. I’m literally gone.
Well, that was honest. Clearly this interview was conducted before Billie Eilish won the Academy Award for "What Was I Made For?" at this year's Oscars. So if her comments are to be believed, the "Bad Guy" singer might be taking a break from the public eye... and all things Barbie. But smart money says that her hit song isn't going anywhere anytime soon. 
In many ways Eilish's comments are understandable. But the wild popularity of her track is partly because Barbie was a massive box office hit when it arrived in theaters, making up on half of the Barbenheimer movement. And because the song played such a pivotal role in the movie's climax, many moviegoing audiences have a unique emotional connection to "What Was I Made For?" Hey, at least she ultimately got the Oscar for it, despite talking non-stop about that one song for a year. 
As much as she's sick of talking about the Barbie song, Billie Eilish has been open about how being tasked with writing "What Was I Made For?" was the creative inspiration she needed at the time. And she thinks it's one of her best vocal performances, despite perhaps being a bit sick of it at this point. 
Following the huge success of that Barbie song, Billie Eilish's fans are gearing up for a new full album from 22 year-old pop star. Luckily the wait is nearly over, as her upcoming album "Hit Me Hard And Soft" is expected to be released shortly on May 17th. 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Corey was born and raised in New Jersey. Graduated with degrees theater and literature from Ramapo College of New Jersey. After working in administrative theater for a year in New York, he started as the Weekend Editor at CinemaBlend. He's since been able to work himself up to reviews, phoners, and press junkets-- and is now able to appear on camera with some of his favorite actors... just not as he would have predicted as a kid. He's particularly proud of covering horror franchises like Scream and Halloween, as well as movie musicals like West Side Story. Favorite interviews include Steven Spielberg, Spike Lee, Jamie Lee Curtis, and more. 
Florence Pugh Recalls Taking Her Family To See Midsommar, And Her Grandfather’s Honest Reaction Has Me Laughing
Nicolas Cage Plays A Surfer In His New Thriller, But It Turns Out He Also Has Real-Life Surfing Horror Stories: 'I've Been Pounded To Smithereens' 
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.