Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The band is set to give the first-ever broadcast performance from the new venue and will offer a special award presentation during the telecast. 

							By 

	Lexy Perez

Associate Editor

U2 is set to perform at the Grammys in a new, innovative way.

	The band is set to give the first-ever broadcast performance from the Las Vegas Sphere venue and will offer a special award presentation during the telecast, it was announced Friday. 



	U2 recently had a record-setting performance, U2:UV Achtung Baby Live at Sphere, last September. The band had opened the anticipated Sphere, the Venetian Resort’s new venue, which features a 160,000-square-foot wraparound interior LED display.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Bono Shares Emotional Memories and Performs U2 Hits in Apple's 'Stories of Surrender' Trailer		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					The Sphere's Next Big Bet Is 'The Wizard of Oz'		
			








	Built for an estimated $2.3 billion, the Sphere stands at 336 feet tall and 516 feet wide, marking the largest spherical structure in the world and housing the largest interior and exterior wraparound LED displays. The LED display supports lifelike images that transport viewers through an immersive experience. Berlin-based Holoplot configured a sound system with roughly 1,600 loudspeakers. 

	










	The Sphere’s model is intent on offering varied content across music, film and more. Director Darren Aronofsky is set to create the first film for Sphere, Postcard From Earth, which will debut Oct. 6. Meanwhile, the venue’s exterior LEDs were utilized by DreamWorks Animation to promote imagery from Trolls Band Together, becoming the first studio to use the “exosphere” for film marketing.

	U2 joins other performers set to take the Grammys stage including Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa and Olivia Rodrigo. 

	The 66th annual ceremony will once again be hosted by Trevor Noah and will make its return to L.A.’s Crypto.com Arena. The Grammy Awards telecast live from L.A. on Feb. 4 between 8:00-11:30 p.m. ET/5:00-8:30 p.m. PT on the CBS Television Network. It will also stream live and on-demand on Paramount+. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.