Interlochen Center for the Arts has announced that tickets for three summer shows will go on sale to the public this Friday, while The Ticker has confirmed tickets for a fourth show will go on sale March 15.
Concertgoers can buy tickets starting Friday at 10am for Vitamin String Quartet (June 28), Nickel Creek and Andrew Bird (July 15), and Jewel and Melissa Etheridge (August 5). Though not yet officially announced by Interlochen, The Ticker has confirmed Norah Jones and Mavis Staples will perform at Kresge on July 13, with tickets planned to go on sale March 15. More details on each show are below.
Vitamin String Quartet: Friday, June 28, 7:30pm, Corson AuditoriumTickets starting at $43 on sale Friday, March 1 at 10amDescription: Founded in 1999, Vitamin String Quartet has “charmed the world with their classical covers” (Nylon) and established classical crossover as a force in contemporary music. The ensemble’s atmospheric arrangements of songs by popular artists such as Prince, Beyoncé, Ariana Grande, and Billie Eilish have earned more than 1.5 billion streams and have been featured on television and film juggernauts including Netflix’s Bridgerton and HBO’s The King of Staten Island. Experience fresh, classical-inspired takes on your favorite hits, plus selections from the Vitamin String Quartet’s latest album, Vitamin String Quartet Performs Taylor Swift.
Nickel Creek and Andrew Bird: Monday, July 15, 7pm, Kresge AuditoriumTickets starting at $49 on sale Friday, March 1 at 10amDescription: Bluegrass trio Nickel Creek and indie rock luminary Andrew Bird (pictured) reunite for the Up, Up, and Away Tour. Americana Trailblazer Award winners Nickel Creek – an all-star ensemble composed of mandolinist Chris Thile (Live From Here), fiddler Sara Watkins (I’m With Her), and guitarist Sean Watkins – recently returned from a nine-year hiatus with their Grammy Award-nominated fifth album Celebrants. Vocalist, whistler, multi-instrumentalist, and actor: Andrew Bird boasts a prolific, multifaceted career that encompasses 17 albums, a Grammy Award nomination, and a leading role in season four of Fargo. Don’t miss a vibrant co-headline event featuring favorites such as When You Come Back Down, Destination, The Lighthouse’s Tale, Sisyphus, Pulaski at Night, and Roma Fade.
Jewel and Melissa Etheridge: Monday, August 5, 7:30pm, Kresge AuditoriumTickets starting at $62 on sale Friday, March 1 at 10amDescription: Experience two iconic singer-songwriters in one remarkable performance. Four-time Grammy Award nominee Jewel has been hailed as “one of the best singer-songwriters since Joni Mitchell” (The New York Times) for soulful hits such as You Were Meant for Me, Who Will Save Your Soul, and Standing Still. Roots rock legend and two-time Grammy Award winner Melissa Etheridge has captivated audiences and critics alike with searing, deeply confessional charts including I’m the Only One, Ain’t It Heavy, and Come To My Window. Join this dynamic duo for an evening of songs you know and love - plus selections from Jewel’s latest album, Freewheelin’ Woman.
Norah Jones and Mavis Staples: Saturday, July 13, Kresge AuditoriumTickets on sale Friday, March 15 at 10am (pricing to be announced)Description: Though not yet announced by Interlochen, Norah Jones and Mavis Staples have listed a co-headlining appearance at Kresge on July 13 among their summer tour dates. Interlochen staff confirmed to The Ticker that tickets for the concert will go on sale on Friday, March 15.
Norah Jones is a multi-Grammy winning artist who has sold more than 50 million records worldwide. Billboard named her the top jazz artist of the 2000s. Jones’s debut solo album, Come Away with Me, sold over 27 million copies and earned her five Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best New Artist. Her subsequent studio albums – Feels Like Home, Not Too Late, and The Fall – all gained platinum status, selling over a million copies each. Mavis Staples is a legendary R&B and gospel singer and civil rights activist. She rose to fame as a member of her family's band The Staple Singers, of which she is the last surviving member. During her time in the group, she recorded the hit singles I'll Take You There and Let's Do It Again. Staples continued to release solo albums in the following decades and has collaborated with artists such as Aretha Franklin, Prince, Arcade Fire, and David Byrne. Staples is the recipient of the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and has won three Grammy Awards, including one for Album of the Year as a featured artist on We Are by Jon Batiste. Named one of the “100 Greatest Singers of all Time” by Rolling Stone, Staples was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1999 and in the Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 2018.
East Bay Township planning commissioners will hold their second site plan review Tuesday of $8.5 million in planned improvements at the Keith J. Charters Traverse City State …
Dollars and cents were the overarching themes of this month’s meeting of the Northwestern Michigan College (NMC) Board of Trustees. In addition to adopting rate increases for …
Two of the most treacherous roads in Traverse City sit within a one-mile stretch of each other: Fourteenth Street and Franke Road. With those corridors noticeably absent …
The May Traverse City Business News is out, and it includes its much anticipated annual ranking of the region's top real estate agents. 
The Ticker's sister publication …