At this point in her life, Lindsay Lohan has tried-and-true rituals for getting ready for a big night out. Lohan opts for what she calls a “pretty simple” routine, starting with “nice eye patches, maybe a face mask,” before starting hair and makeup. But first it’s all about tending to bath time and bedtime for her eight-month-old son, Luai, with her husband, Bader Shammas. A veteran of the red carpet, Lohan is no stranger to preparing for an event like the Vanity Fair Oscar Party, but before she’s out the door, there’s one more crucial step. “Before I leave, I want to see my son and give him a kiss,” Lohan told Vanity Fair the morning after attending the 30th anniversary of the renowned event. 
During a time when every moment matters, Lohan and Shammas treated the Vanity Fair Oscar Party like date night. It had been more than 10 years since Lohan, who was “just excited to go and get dressed up and look fab,” had attended the bash. And for the new mom, who next stars in Irish Wish, out later this month, it was a time to catch up with old friends and make new acquaintances. “I bumped into a lot of people that I haven’t seen in a long time. Billie Eilish was one of the sweetest people and Sydney Sweeney—I met both of them. And it’s just nice to see everyone. Everyone was just there having a nice time and I think it’s so beautiful to see,” she said.
Lohan catching up with Kim Kardashian inside the Vanity Fair Oscars Party.
Having previously attended the Vanity Fair Oscar Party, Lohan knew that the night required a daring, ultraglamorous ensemble, and turned to Balenciaga for a custom embroidered bustier dress in silver sequin fringe embroidery. An iteration of the brand’s resort 2024 collection final look, the dress was originally shown with long sleeves and a high neck. But for Lohan’s tailor-made look, the frock was made in a strapless version, allowing the actor to channel Old Hollywood glamor. “The dress was so beautiful, and it reminded me of 1920s casual. We wanted to go for effortless chic, effortless glam,” Lohan said.
Initially torn between two options for the night, the other being more form-fitting, Lohan saw the sequined gown and knew it was the one. “It just made more sense, and the weight of it felt really special. You know whenever you put something on that feels heavy, it just feels more glamorous. And that’s kind of the vibe I wanted to go with,” said Lohan. And glamor was just what she exuded with the glittering gown alongside her signature auburn tresses and dark brown eye makeup, topped with a peachy lip. 
With the whimsical night out spent mingling with the biggest names in Hollywood behind her, the new mother reflected on finding her equilibrium between being in front of the camera and life with her family in Dubai, where she prefers being at home and hosting friends and family.
“I think life is all about balance. So no matter where you are, you will find that, if that’s what you crave. I think it’s important to have both worlds to be in—you always need a place you can go back to and settle. So even though we spend a lot of our time in New York as well, home is always where the heart is, no matter where you are,” she said.
The Biggest Moments From the Oscars 2024
Inside the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party
See Every Look From the Oscars Red Carpet
Emma Stone Was Just as Surprised by her Best Actress Win as You Were
From Emma Stone to LeBron James, Stars Collided at the 2024 VF Oscar Party
Billie Eilish, Lily Gladstone, and More Stars of Mark Seliger’s 2024 Oscar Party Portraits
All the Glam From the Oscar Party Red Carpet
11 Spectacular Stars Unite for the 30th Annual Hollywood Issue
Stay in the know and subscribe to Vanity Fair for just $2.50 $1 per month.
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment