By PAUL CHAVEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:52, 5 January 2024   |  Updated:  07:52, 5 January 2024   
 20
View  comments
Danielle Brooks shined in an all-white outfit on Thursday while attending the Palm Springs International Film Festival in Palm Springs, California.
The 34-year-old actress donned a crisp white jacket along with matching creased trousers for the awards ceremony held at the Palm Springs Convention Center.
Danielle completed her outfit with open-toed clear heels and accessorized with earrings and necklaces.
She had her dark hair gathered up top and accentuated her natural beauty with full makeup.
Danielle was honored at the awards ceremony with the Spotlight Award for her work in the musical adaptation of The Color Purple.
Danielle Brooks shined in an all-white outfit on Thursday while attending the Palm Springs International Film Festival in Palm Springs, California
She has a starring role as Sofia in the coming-of-age drama that also stars Taraji P. Henson, Colman Domingo, Corey Hawkins, H.E.R., Halle Bailey and Fantasia Barrino.
Danielle at the awards ceremony teamed up with her co-star Taraji, 53, for a photo.
The Color Purple was produced by Oprah Winfrey, Steven Spielberg and Quincy Jones and was released on December 25 in the US by Warner Bros. Pictures.
Danielle also has been nominated in the Best Supporting Actress category at the Golden Globe Awards, which will be held on Sunday in Beverly Hills, California.
She also has been nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the upcoming Critics' Choice Movie Awards for her work in the film.
The Color Purple also has been nominated for Best Picture at the 29th Critics' Choice Awards.
The Palm Springs International Film Festival drew several A-listers to its event including The Maestro star Carey Mulligan, Barbie star Margot Robbie and Poor Things star Emma Stone.
Oscar-winning actress Meryl Streep, 75, also was in attendance and mingled with Carey on the carpet.
The 34-year-old actress donned a crisp white jacket along with matching creased trousers for the awards ceremony held at the Palm Springs Convention Center
Danielle was honored at the awards ceremony with the Spotlight Award for her work in the musical adaptation of The Color Purple
She has a starring role as Sofia in the coming-of-age drama that also stars Taraji P. Henson, Colman Domingo, Corey Hawkins, H.E.R., Halle Bailey and Fantasia Barrino
Danielle at the awards ceremony teamed up with her co-star Taraji P. Henson for a photo
A scene from The Color Purple shows Danielle in the center of the action
Honorees at the annual affair included Paul Giamatti, who took home the Icon Award for acting, and Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell who were recognized with the Chairman's Award.
The brother-sister collaborators were honored for their song What Was I Made For? from the Barbie soundtrack.
Eva Longoria, Kirsten Dunst, Lenny Kravitz and Willem Dafoe also attended the event in Palm Springs.
This past year saw the release of Eva's directorial debut Flamin' Hot, based on the memoirs of Frito-Lay executive Richard Montanez, who has long touted himself as the inventor of Flamin' Hot Cheetos.
Frito-Lay has repudiated his claim that he created the snack, and a Los Angeles Times exposé in 2021 found that a lower-level employee called Lynne Greenfield played a more pivotal role in the birth of Flamin' Hot Cheetos.
By the time the bombshell report ran, Eva's movie was already in the pipeline, and the actress-turned-filmmaker has staunchly defended her project ever since.
Jesse Garcia, who plays Richard Montanez in the film, cut a dashing figure at Thursday's awards show in Palm Springs, wearing his tie rakishly askew over an open top button.
In a charming group shot to remember, Jesse struck a pose on the red carpet whilst sandwiched between his director and his Flamin' Hot leading lady Annie Gonzalez.
Vanguard Award:  Killers Of The Flower Moon
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Emma Stone took one of the most coveted honors - Desert Palm Achievement Award- for her work in Poor Things
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
 Breakthrough Performance Award: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
 Director of the Year Award: Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Career Achievement Award: Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
 International Star Award: Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Spotlight Award: Colman Domingo - Rustin
Spotlight Award: Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple
Danielle Brooks was recognized as she was given the Spotlight Award for her mesmerizing performance in The Color Purple
Chairman's Award: Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - Barbie
Icon Award: Paul Giammati - The Holdovers 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group