It's nine weeks and counting for Taylor Swift, whose "Tortured Poets Department" refuses to relinquish the top spot on the Billboard 200 albums chart. But while it was stable at the top, there was plenty of activity in the top 10 with four new albums getting off to a good start there. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
"Tortured Poets" achieved 126,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. That's down just one-percent week-to-week because she cranked out another two CD variants of the collection. Meanwhile, Billie Eilish's "Hit Me Hard and Soft" stayed steady at number-two with 84,000 units.
Don Toliver's "Hardstone Psycho" debuted at number-three with 76,500 units, the best total ever for the artist. Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" held on to number-four with 73,000 units. And $uicideboy$ debuted at number-five with "New World Depression" achieving 66,000 units. Also in the top 10, Luke Combs debuted with "Fathers and Sons" at number-six (60,000 units) and Nayeon came in at number-seven with "NA" (47,000 units).
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, most game players correctly predicted that Swift supremacy would continue with "Tortured Poets" repeating at number-one. Our odds were also right that it would achieve between 100,000 and 149,999 units for yet another week and that "Hit Me Hard and Soft" would follow again at number-two.
Only one person anticipated "Hardstone Psycho" at number-three, but our consensus was right again about "One Thing at a Time" at the number-four spot. "New World Depression" wasn't in our predictions center this week, and none of our users correctly picked "None of These" for number-five. But 14 users -- myself included -- managed to get four out of six prediction questions correct. How did you do? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media