By
			
			Neil Bolt		

Ready or Not star Samara Weaving is keen on visiting a Nightmare on Elm Street so she can duke it out with Freddy Kreuger.
Freddy’s been dead for almost 15 years now, but Weaving, who is a modern Scream Queen, fancies digging him up for another round.
Weaving was speaking to Collider‘s Perri Nemiroff at SXSW where she’s promoting her new horror movie Azrael, and when Nemiroff asked what  horror franchise Weaving would like to star in next, she was quick to choose A Nightmare on Elm Street.
Weaving said she could do it, before playfully making reference to who filmmakers wanted to cast in Azrael before her.
”I can do it. Unless Billie Eilish gets it now.”
We haven’t seen the striped jumper and razor fingers in action on the big screen since Jackie Earl Haley starred in the ill-fated 2010 remake. With other major horror franchises either living a healthy life or being revived, it feels like a matter of time until we get a new installment of Freddy Kreuger and his dream slaying. 
Though sadly it would likely be without Robert Englund in the role, and definitely without the creator Wes Craven, so it would have to be another reboot attempt.
Weaving certainly has the horror chops, having been the highlight of Joe Lynch’s Mayhem, McG’s The Babysitter, and Radio Silence’s Ready or Not. she’s also been involved in another Wes Craven-created franchise, having played a part in Scream VI last year.
her newest movie, Azrael is by Haunting at Bly Manor director E.L Katz and sees her as the titular character who, in a post-apocalyptic world, is set to be sacrificed to pacify an ancient evil that resides deep within the surrounding wilderness. But  Azrael makes a savage bid for freedom as her escape accelerates towards a vicious, revenge-fueled showdown.
Neil became a horror fan from just a nightmare-inducing glimpse of the Ghoulies VHS cover and a book on how to draw ghosts. It escalated from there and now that's almost all he writes and talks about.
Share article