Fortnite’s next crossover is with Metallica, which brings a new PvP mode, various songs, and some Lego skins.
After Billie Eilish made the jump into Fortnite back in April, Epic Games has announced Metallica as the next musical act taking to the virtual stage. 
Fortnite expanded with three new game modes last year, adding an open world survival Lego mode, Rocket Racing, and the Rock Band-esque mode Fortnite Festival.
While Fortnite has staged crossovers with musicians for years, from Ariana Grande to Travis Scott, now every crossover comes with new additions across all four modes – between new songs, skins and racing tracks.
For Metallica, the headline act is an ‘immersive music experience’ titled Metallica: Fuel. Fire. Fury., which journeys through six of the band’s biggest songs via a playable concert.
The show itself will have six different showtimes across Saturday June 22 (7pm, 10pm and 4am BST) and Sunday June 23 (3pm, 7pm and 10pm BST).
There’s also a new PvP battle stage coming to Fortnite Festival for season four, where 16 players face off in a ‘musical free-for-all’, with one player coming out on top following a four-song setlist. Epic has confirmed the mode will stick around following the Metallica season too.
Six tracks are available within Fortnite Festival as well from the shop, including Enter Sandman, Fuel, Master Of Puppets, Ride The Lightning, The Unforgiven and Wherever I May Roam. These will be available until August 16 when season four ends.
Metallica band members James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, and Robert Trujillo have their own skins, including Lego variations, as part of the season too.
If that wasn’t enough, there’s also special Ride The Lightning guitars within the main battle royale mode, which can blast you to the Metallica Loot Island featuring holographic members of the band inspired by the M72 World Tour.
There’s also a Metallica Cup on June 18, where players can earn the Ringer emote, along with a new Thrash Mountain track in Rocket Racing. In other words, it’s pretty extensive.
Fortnite Festival season four runs from today (June 13) to Friday August 16 at 12am ET in the US, which is 5am BST in the UK.
The confirmation of Metallica also validates a previous roadmap leak. According to the leak, Karol G and Snoop Dogg are also in the crossover pipeline, so we’ll have to see if they turn out to be true as well later this year.
Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, follow us on Twitter, and sign-up to our newsletter.
To submit Inbox letters and Reader’s Features more easily, without the need to send an email, just use our Submit Stuff page here.
For more stories like this, check our Gaming page.
Arrow
MORE: Lego Fortnite explains how the new permadeath Expert mode will work
Arrow
MORE: Ninja quits Fortnite because of vehicles and calls it a game for ‘losers’
Arrow
MORE: Fortnite fined £1,000,000 for ‘aggressive’ and ‘deceptive’ ads targeting kids
Sign up for exclusive analysis, latest releases, and bonus community content.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for exclusive analysis, latest releases, and bonus community content.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy