If you're looking for things to do on Long Island, here are spots to explore and events to attend this weekend.
The stand-up comedian brings his "Laugh Till It Hurts" tour to the stage.
The New Orleans-based band brings the traditional sounds of the Crescent City to the stage, performing songs from their latest album, "So It Is.” 
Get acquainted with the culture, music and food of Ireland with Michael Londra, the former lead singer of "Riverdance" on Broadway and host of the PBS show, "Ireland With Michael.” He moderates this travel and music show as Ireland’s "ambassador,” showcasing footage and highlights places to visit.
The stand-up comedian presents his "It Ain’t Right” tour at UBS Arena.  
Get ready for the weekend with our picks on where to shop, dine and have fun on Long Island.
By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Join a charity 5K run to benefit the St. Baldrick’s Foundation. Dress in green for a 9 a.m. start held rain or shine. Runners can enjoy a pre- and post-race breakfast, along with chances to win raffle baskets.
The St. Patrick’s Day celebration features live entertainment including bagpipers and drummers (2 to 3 p.m.), followed by Irish step dancers (3:15 p.m.) and a Shamrock Hunt (2 to 6 p.m.) for prizes. Food options for purchase include drink specials and corned beef egg rolls. Visitors can shop at the market for specialty items like freeze-dried Irish-themed candy. There is free parking for up to three hours in the public parking garage located at 6 Union Ave. in Ronkonkoma.
See nature films including "Brave Girl,” "Kind of Fishy,” "You Are Not Too Small,” "Jojo- A Toad Musical,” "The Tundra,” and "Mel Fell.” The program includes activities based on the films. Light refreshments will be served.
This 5K run/walk gets its name from the novel "Runner in Red” by Tom Murphy. The book is based on the real-life legend of the 1951 Boston Marathon where a woman wearing red participated undetected, becoming the first woman to run in this race. Meet up for a 9 a.m. start, rain or shine. The race supports a cure for lung cancer.
Spend a day on the farm celebrating Irish heritage with traditional music along with Irish step-dancing. Families can sit around a fire while children get a chance to visit the petting zoo.
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day as marchers, floats and participants proceed down Main Street from Northside Elementary School. Marchers will meet at the elementary school at 1:30 p.m. for the lineup. 
The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.
Unlimited Digital AccessOnly 25¢for 6 months
Privacy Policy | Terms of service | Subscription terms | Your ad choices | Cookie Settings | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help
Copyright ©2025 Newsday. All rights reserved.