Fragrance fans can get their hands on a selection of popular perfumes for a fraction of their retail price as part of a new festive deal. The Perfume Shop has released their popular beauty advent calendar, which allows shoppers to count down to December 25 with a new scent each day.
Designed to be a luxurious keepsake, the 2024 advent calendar comes in a stunning box with a built-in mirror. Inside, customers will find an array of iconic and new-in fragrance miniatures for both him and her, featuring brands like Marc Jacobs, Ghost, and Rabanne among many others.
Priced at £84.99, the calendar contains 24 different travel-sized and purse-friendly perfumes. The bottles range from 5ml to 15ml, totalling more than 170ml overall, which could last anywhere between several months to a year.
READ MORE: Best beauty advent calendars for 2024 that are available to buy now from Boots, Liz Earle and more
READ MORE: Liberty's 2024 advent calendar is the 'epitome of luxury' and one product left me speechless
The calendar is a great way to allow customers to try out a variety of scents without having to splurge on just one bottle. Not only that, but the pocket-friendly fragrances make ideal stocking fillers, meaning you could save on your Christmas shopping, too.
Last year, The Perfume Shop’s advent calendar sold out in weeks, and it’s expected to do the same again this year. What’s more is that The Perfume Shop will donate £5 from every advent calendar sold to cancer support charity, Look Good Feel Better.
Speaking on the launch, Gill Smith, The Perfume Shop’s Marketing Director said: “At The Perfume Shop, we’re thrilled to announce the return of our beloved fragrant advent calendar for Spritzmas 2024. Beyond just fragrances, our beautifully crafted calendar comes in a stunning box making it the perfect luxurious keepsake for storing your cherished items long after the holiday magic has faded. Not only that but it’s the perfect opportunity to trial the fragrances before you decide if you wish to buy the full size.”
Here’s what fragrances are included in The Perfume Shop advent calendar:
Other fragrance themed advent calendars to have launched this year include Sentier, whose high-end haul offers both candles and perfumes. Their advent calendar delivers over £500 worth of products for £99. Alternatively, Jo Malone London has unveiled its highly anticipated 2024 advent calendar, which is £350.
Elsewhere, there are discovery sets available from Sol de Janiero, like these four travel sprays for £33, ideal for dividing into smaller gifts, or gifting to a beauty fanatic. There’s also mini edits from Maison Margiela which gets you 12ml of fragrance for 36, while Phlur’s offering gets you 16ml for £39, both available at Space NK.
Or we’ve also found some fragrance boxes, including the Debenhams Fragrance for Her Edit, which costs £50. It contains five popular mini perfumes to try out throughout the festive period, plus, shoppers get a £50 voucher to spend on one of the full-size bottles.
LookFantastic is offering a similar discovery set, once again containing five iconic fragrances. This offering is slightly more at £55, but does include a £55 voucher. Or you can pick up The Perfume Shop advent calendar here for under £85.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.