Everything that Rocks the River City
After a record-breaking year at the Beaver Dam Amphitheater, the team will be wrapping things up for the season this coming weekend with Hairball on Saturday, September 28th.  Gotta give them a round of applause for the incredible variety of shows they offer. From sold-out season starter Oliver Anthony to the Pop 2000s tour, Roots & Boots, and Nelly & Chingy there was literally something for everyone at The Dam.
But the party never stops when planning one of the best entertainment venues in Western Kentucky. They've already started to announce what's going down at The Dam for the upcoming  2025 season! Just last week, they announced rock legend Gene Simmons of Kiss will be performing to kick things off on May 3rd, 2025.
My son, Rollins, is going to absolutely LOSE his mind when I tell him the news about this newest concert announcement for next season. American musician and comedian known best as "Weird Al" will be taking the Dam stage! The five-time Grammy award-winning pop culture icon will perform his hilarious parodies and polkas and even some fan favorites that he's never done live before. Some of those favorites, of course, will be "Eat It" the parody of Michael Jackson's "Beat It:"
And my personal favorite, "Amish Paradise" inspired by Coolie's "Gangsta's Paradise:"
However, the song that is played on repeat in our household is "Polkamania!" a compilation of popular tunes smashed altogether with accordions and trumpets. So wild, so fun!
The "Bigger and Weirder 2025 Tour" will roll into town with a very fitting opening act, Puddles Pity Party.  Because who else could open for the wacky Weird Al than a seven-foot clown singing Black Sabbath and Billie Eilish? You may have seen him on America's Got Talent.
So get ready to party polka style on July 5th, 2025 at the Beaver Dam Amphitheatre! The Dam presale begins this Wednesday, September 25th @ 10:00 am CT and as always, you can sign up for the newsletter at BeaverDamAmp.com to receive the password. Public On Sale begins Friday, September 27th @ 10:00 am CT
Gallery Credit: Stacker