06 MAY 2024 (TORONTO, ON) — Billie Eilish has announced two album listening parties in support of her highly anticipated third studio album, HIT ME HARD AND SOFT, set for release on May 17 [pre-order/add/save here: https://amzn.to/44uemyA
The free events presented by American Express, and produced by Live Nation, will take place on Wednesday, May 15 in Brooklyn, NY at Barclays Center in association YouTube Music and Thursday, May 16 in Los Angeles, CA at the Kia Forum in association with Snapchat.Special perks for American Express® Card Members will be available.
TICKETS: Tickets will be available through Ticketmaster.  Fans can request up to two tickets for the free BILLIE EILISH HIT ME HARD AND SOFT ALBUM LISTENING PARTIES in New York and Los Angeles. Requests must be submitted by Tuesday, May 7 at 9AM PT. Submissions do not guarantee tickets to the event. Confirmations will be sent out on Friday, May 10.
TRANSPORTATION: Fans are encouraged to take public transportation or carpool to and from the album listening parties to help reduce greenhouse gas pollution.
Barclays Center is located on top of one of New York’s largest transportation hubs. Fans can arrive at the venue via eleven different subway lines, multiple bus lines, and the Long Island Railroad. Public transportation is recommended, and routes can be planned using the MTA’s trip planner.
There are several ways to get to the Kia Forum via public transportation. Fans can arrive in Inglewood by taking either the K Line or C Line and then board a free shuttle bus beginning at 6:45 p.m. to the venue from the Avocado Station (C Line’s Hawthorne/Lennox station) or Pirate Station (K Line’s Downtown Inglewood station). Another option is to take the Line 115 or Line 212 bus directly to the venue. After the event, Metro will provide shuttle bus services back to both the K and C Lines with the last shuttle bus departing 70 minutes after the concert ends. Routes can be planned using the Metro trip planner. Additionally, the Kia Forum offers a Regional Park and Ride roundtrip service where attendees can choose from five convenient Park and Ride locations across the County of Los Angeles. Shuttles will depart for the Kia Forum approximately 90 minutes before the doors open. The Park and Ride services will be complimentary and available exclusively to event ticket holders. Stay tuned for more info
The album listening events follow Billie Eilish’s massive HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOUR announcement. Starting in September 2024, Eilish will embark on her North American leg of the tour which runs through to the end of December 2024. The tour will continue in Australia starting February 2025 ahead of her European, U.K., and Ireland arena dates starting in April until late July. For more information, visit billieeilish.com.
Billie Eilish’s forthcoming album, HIT ME HARD AND SOFT was written by Billie Eilish and FINNEAS, her brother and long-time collaborator, who also produced the album. HIT ME HARD AND SOFT will be available on all digital platforms, and in a continued effort to minimize waste and combat climate change; across all physical formats in limited variants on the same day, with the same track-listing and using 100% recyclable materials. For more information on all sustainable practices for this album release, please visit https://store.billieeilish.com/pages/sustainability
HIT ME HARD AND SOFT is out everywhere on May 17.
Pre-order/add/save HERE: https://amzn.to/44uemyA

        
            May 6, 2024 3:04pm ET
            by Pressparty   

            
            
            	
universal, music, canada

	                              Shortlink to this content: https://bit.ly/4apgj0J


Profile


Press Releases