Anastasia Rayborn adored singing Billie Eilish songs, writing music and caring for her toddler. But her short life was as violent and tumultuous as she was free-spirited, loving and kind, according to her step-sister, Skye Guillory.
Anthony Cooper, Rayborn's boyfriend and the father of her son, was arrested for second-degree murder after he allegedly slammed Rayborn, 21, through a Saint Roch house with an SUV on Monday morning, killing her.
"This poor baby has been tossed around her whole life, and she never asked for any of it," said Guillory. "She was perfect. She was perfect."
Born to an absentee father and a mother who struggled with substance use disorder, Rayborn was homeless at points during her youth. She bounced from her stepsister's home in New Orleans, to youth shelters, attending high schools in the Ponchatoula and New Orleans areas, according to Guillory. 
Guillory said Rayborn had also battled schizophrenia. 
"She chose the wrong man to be with," Guillory said.
Cooper was around 27 years old when he started dating Rayborn, who was 18 at the time. But according to Guillory, Cooper had claimed he was 24. Soon after they started dating, Rayborn started "getting in trouble," her stepsister said.
"They lost a baby. Then they got pregnant with (their son)," Guillory said. "They had a tumultuous relationship from beginning to end."
Guillory said she begged Rayborn to come stay with her in Florida.
The couple lost custody of their son, who is cared for by his paternal grandmother. 
"I met (Cooper's) mother and sisters, and they tried to help," Guillory said. But on Monday she got the call she'd feared for years.
According to court documents, Cooper and Rayborn fought in their silver Ford Edge SUV at around 11 a.m. Monday in the 2300 block of Marais Street.
Surveillance video showed Rayborn exit the vehicle's front passenger side as Cooper stopped it there. The two yelled at each other through the open passenger-side window, and Rayborn called Cooper a "f---ing bitch" before walking away toward the sidewalk, police allege in court documents.
At that point, Cooper allegedly turned his wheels toward Rayborn and accelerated, striking Rayborn and slamming her through the wall, police said. 
"(Anthony) got her this car—the car that ended her life. She was so happy, and then he never even let her drive it," Guillory said.
Magistrate commissioner Peter Hamilton found probable cause Tuesday afternoon for Cooper's arrest on suspicion of second-degree murder and set his bond at $2 million.
Gabriella Killett contributed to this report.
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: