Pop-up shops are pretty popular these days. Take Tory Burch. The brand just went on a pop-up tour with Nordstrom. Late last year, the retailer welcomed Coperni. SPANX took things on the road with events in New York City, Miami and Washington, D.C. Even Swedish influencer Matilda Djerf popped up in order to sell the products needed to create her famous tresses. Now it's Thom Browne's turn.
The suit-loving designer just set up shop at Saks' West Coast flagship store in Beverly Hills and it isn't just the clothes getting all of the attention. Browne really went to town decorating his new space. There are several special installations. Like a garden that calls to mind the designer's Spring 2020 runway show. Then there's the display showcasing looks from the recent Fall 2024 offering. There's even logo furniture. So you can really immerse yourself in his world while shopping for his products.
Speaking of products, if you're looking for an animal handbag, look no further. As part of the pop-up, Browne is offering made-to-order pebble grain leather bags for the very first time. Choose from the elephant, the lion, the zebra and more. You can even pick the color.
The installment features an exclusive lineup of women's goods as Browne is looking to expand the brand. Long favored by male celebrities, his womenswear line is only recently getting traction. Doesn't hurt that Billie Eilish just suited up for her performance of "What Was I Made For?" at the Oscars. At the party to celebrate the new venture, Browne devotees Janelle Monáe and Diane Keaton stopped by.
The takeover runs through April 22. Make sure you set aside some real quality time to not only shop, but to take in the sheer beauty of Browne's universe.
A post shared by Thom Browne (@thombrowne)
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved