By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is welcoming a new spy to its cast.
Anora breakout Mark Eydelshteyn has joined the cast of Prime Video‘s spy dramedy for its upcoming Season 2, TVLine has confirmed. This is the first casting for the show’s sophomore run, amid reports that Season 1 stars Donald Glover and Maya Erskine won’t return next season. (Our sister site Variety first reported the casting.)
Eydelshteyn is reportedly playing Mr. Smith, but that doesn’t mean much on this show: All the spies are either named John or Jane Smith, to maintain their anonymity. So it’s not clear if Eydelshteyn will be a lead in Season 2, or just a guest star. Back in October, though, reports did surface that the show was seeking an actor and actress in their 20s to play the Season 2 leads — with rumors that pop star Billie Eilish might even be in the mix.

 





Glover (who co-created the series with showrunner Francesca Sloane) and Erskine starred in Season 1 as spies John and Jane Smith, who were assigned to pose as a married couple and sent out on death-defying missions together while slowly developing real feelings for one another. The season ended on a deadly cliffhanger, with John clinging to life as he and Jane hid from a murderous pair of spies in their townhouse’s panic room. (Read our full finale recap here.) Season 1, which debuted in February, earned a whopping 16 Emmy nominations, including one for best drama series and acting nods for Glover and Erskine.
A native of Russia, Eydelshteyn is currently earning raves for his turn as the rich son of a Russian oligarch opposite Mikey Madison in the buzzy Oscar contender Anora. 
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
16 noms for mediocrity.
I love tv line great for upcoming actors
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.