By CIARA FARMER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:46, 5 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:58, 5 January 2024   
 22
View  comments
The stars were out in force at the after-party of the Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala at the Parker Palm Springs on Thursday night. 
Leading the way was Carey Mulligan, 38, who looked sensational in an elegant gown as she posed with Mayor of Palm Springs, Jeffrey Bernstein, at the bash. 
She smiled while brandishing her trophy from her win as International Star Award for biographical romantic drama Maestro, which was released last year. 
Other stars at the party included Danielle Brooks, William Belleau and Tatanka Means, who beamed while posing up a storm at the party, while songstress Billie Eilish posed with her co-writer Finneas. 
Danielle, 34, opted to change from her red carpet look, having worn a white suit with nothing underneath while hitting the red carpet before slipping into a black dress with the same white blazer over the top. 
The stars were out in force at the after-party of the Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala at the Parker Palm Springs on Thursday night including Carey Mulligan 
Danielle Brooks, 34, opted to change from her red carpet look, having worn a white suit with nothing underneath while hitting the red carpet before slipping into a black dress with the same white blazer over the top
Carey's dress boasted a unique silhouette which consisted of a black shrug and a tapered floor-length skirt with a flirty peplum waist and a gold zipper up the back.
Underneath her cropped, short-sleeve jacket was a sexy purple satin bustier. Carey — who is married to Marcus Mumford of the folk band Mumford & Sons — stood on tall black patent leather heels.
Elsewhere, Danielle was honoured at the awards ceremony with the Spotlight Award for her work in the musical adaptation of The Color Purple.
She has a starring role as Sofia in the coming-of-age drama that also stars Taraji P. Henson, Colman Domingo, Corey Hawkins, H.E.R., Halle Bailey and Fantasia Barrino. 
Canadian actress Tantoo Cardinal, who starred in last year's Killers of the Flower Moon, wowed in a lace gown as she posed with Colman Domingo. 
Carey's dress boasted a unique silhouette which consisted of a black shrug and a tapered floor-length skirt with a flirty peplum waist and a gold zipper up the back
Canadian actress Tantoo Cardinal, who starred in last year's Killers of the Flower Moon, wowed in a lace gown as she posed with Colman Domingo
Song Li and Justin Chien were fist-bumping at the bash 
Prior to the party, on the red carpet, Carey mingled with Oscar-winner Meryl Streep, 74. The duo both starred in the 2015 historical drama Suffragette with Helena Bonham Carter and Brendan Gleeson.
Carey is up for a Golden Globe this year at Sunday's ceremony as she's been nominated for 'Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama' for her role in Bradley Cooper's Maestro. 
The biographical drama film follows the longtime relationship between conductor-composer Leonard Bernstein and actress Felicia Montealegre Cohn Bernstein.
It was directed by Bradley, who also plays Leonard, from a screenplay he co-wrote with Josh Singer, and stars Carey as Felicia.
The actress has received rave reviews from critics and viewers for her performance after it premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September.
The film was released on Netflix two weeks ago following a limited run in theaters in November. 
 Lawren "Lulu" Goodfox posed happily with Finneas at the party
Carey is up for a Golden Globe this year at Sunday's ceremony as she's been nominated for 'Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama' for her role in Bradley Cooper's Maestro 
Along with a Best Actress nod, Maestro is also up for Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director and Best Actor at the 2024 Golden Globes.
Many have blasted the movie as being 'Oscar-bait' and slammed Bradley as being so 'shameless' in his obvious 'yearning for that Oscar', that the film is negatively affected as a result.
Maestro was met with controversy even ahead of its release, after being accused of 'Jewface'.
Bradley's makeup, which included a prosthetic nose to play the Jewish icon, drew strong criticism from a number of leading members of the Jewish community.
But Bernstein's three children — Jamie Bernstein, Alexander Bernstein and Nina Maria Felicia Bernstein — praised the transformation and found it be 'spot on'  
While on the red carpet, Carey mingled with Oscar-winner Meryl Streep , 74
Vanguard Award:  Killers Of The Flower Moon
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Emma Stone took one of the most coveted honors - Desert Palm Achievement Award- for her work in Poor Things
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
 Breakthrough Performance Award: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
 Director of the Year Award: Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Career Achievement Award: Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
 International Star Award: Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Spotlight Award: Colman Domingo - Rustin
Spotlight Award: Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple
Danielle Brooks was recognized as she was given the Spotlight Award for her mesmerizing performance in The Color Purple
Chairman's Award: Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - Barbie
Icon Award: Paul Giammati - The Holdovers 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group