Billie Eilish recently shared some snaps in a super skimpy corset top with money bursting from the seams.
In the first picture, Billie wore a low cut black vest top as she laid down on the sofa, laughing with her friend as they held onto each other in a warm embrace. The Bad Guy singer stuffed dollar bills down her top as the pair beamed from ear to ear.
For the second picture, Billie stood in the middle of her pals as she gazed off into the distance and flashed a cheeky smile. The star wore a chunky silver necklace with a dainty pendant to accessorise with her plunging corset top.
READ MORE: Kendall and Kylie Jenner's rarely seen brother hasn't met their famous partners
READ MORE: Billie Eilish slips figure into thigh-grazing Barbie mini dress for Grammys gig
For the final picture, Eilish closed her eyes and smiled as her pal hugged her while kneeling down. Billie’s iconic red and black hair covered her face as she giggled and posed for the picture with her friend, who looked up lovingly at the singer.
She reshared the snaps from her friend's account and in the comments, Billie’s fans flocked to shower compliments over the Grammy Award winning singer. One person wrote: “Billie’s smile is so adorable,” in all caps, while someone else added: “I love women when women is you.”
Someone else wrote that they “adore” the singer,” another person said they “love her so much,” as another fan typed: “My god! Beautiful girls.” The pictures come after Eilish’s recent performance at the 2024 Grammys, where she channelled her inner Barbie doll with a tribute to a 60s version of the toy.
Billie wowed the crowd in a green mini dress with a scoop neckline and added a pink turtleneck sweater underneath for some coverage. Over the top, the What Was I Made For? star added a long jacket with a green and white houndstooth pattern and a bright pink trim.
To accessorise, Eilish wore a pink silk scarf tied round her neck that covered her head as she sang on the Grammys stage. She kept accessories simple, with just a handful of silver rings, and opted for a glowy, minimal makeup look to accentuate her natural features.
Before her appearance, Billie uploaded a picture of the original Barbie doll to her Instagram and fans speculated whether she would wear a similar outfit. One person commented: “She’s gonna wear this at the Grammys, just watch.”
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.