When it comes to celebrity status, nothing says 'I've made it' like releasing your own perfume. Over the years, we've seen everyone from Paris Hilton to Sarah Jessica Parker dabbling in the fragrance world, gifting us some seriously iconic scents.
Whether it's the perfumes we were obsessed with as teens — Fantasy, anyone? — or newer releases that have caught our eye with their dreamy aromas and Insta-worthy bottles, celebrity fragrances are a guilty pleasure we'll never outgrow. With that in mind, the Mirror's beauty and fashion team have rounded up our top celebrity perfume picks.
Many of these scents happen to make the perfect Christmas gifts for your favourite beauty fan. From nostalgic classics to recent launches, scroll down for our favourites.
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter's new cherry-scented perfume goes live after her first fragrance sold a bottle every 2 minutesREAD MORE: Shoppers can save over £50 on Calvin Klein's 'lovely' perfume on Fragrance Direct
When Kylie Jenner’s debut fragrance launched at Boots back in March, it quickly became the retailer’s fastest selling perfume launch of 2024. Initially, I assumed it was because of her social standing as the youngest of the Kardashian/Jenner clan, but it turns out that it’s actually a dreamy, affordable fragrance that’s since found itself in my regular perfume rotation.
Usually, I opt for quite strong, sultry scents with notes of wood, leather and spice. I like those almost aftershave-y notes, so the sweet, warm floral embrace of Kylie Jenner’s perfume was quite a change to my usual favourites - but a refreshing one to say the least.
The ambery floral fragrance features notes of star jasmine and blood orange, alongside golden amber and red peony, rounded off with vanilla musk and cedarwood. Looking at some of my go-to scents, they all have vanilla in common, but Cosmic was unlike anything else in my extensive fragrance collection.
I’m used to quite strong perfumes, but Cosmic is incredibly subtle by comparison, so much so that I often can’t really smell it on myself after an hour or so, beyond a lingering sweetness. However, whenever I wear it, everyone around me seems to notice - especially my fiance, who can’t stop complimenting me whenever I wear it. I love that it makes itself known without being overpowering, and at £34 for a 30ml bottle, it rivals high end fragrance houses without the price tag.
When it comes to perfume, I'm quite high-end and normally opt for brands like Thameen, Tom Ford, Initio and Parfums De Marly. As such, I'm not usually a huge lover of celebrity fragrances. In my mind, many of them can come across a little 'tacky', but perhaps that's because I'm a child of the '90s who grew up begging mum for discounted bottles of J Lo and Britney Spears from TJ Hughes (a throwback indeed).
But there's one celebrity perfume in my collection that's somewhat lessened that stigma, and has me reaching for it time and time again. House of Vision Fortitude is the brainchild of Manchester-born rapper Bugzy Malone, and for me, ticks every box when it comes to fragrance.
Priced at £68 for a 100ml bottle at The Fragrance Shop, it's a very budget friendly buy, and I can't recommend it enough. It's a unisex scent, so can be worn by both men and women, making it a true all-rounder. For me, its biggest selling point is it's gorgeous peppery scent, which is neither too sweet, nor too spicy. It's just right.
House of Vision Fortitude has top notes of Bergamot, Mandarin, Cardamom, Black Pepper, Pink Pepper Its heart notes are Clove Bud, Cinnamon, Lavender, Rose, Geranium. And its base notes combine Musk, Sandalwood, Vanilla, Tonka, Amber, Patchouli. These all combine for a sultry, sexy scent that I can smell on my clothes hours after spritzing it. I've had countless compliments from both men and women on the perfume, which is all you want, really.
And because it's a sweet, spicy scent, it's ideal for the colder autumn and winter months. Who knew a rapper could create such a gorgeous perfume?
I've tried countless perfumes and sometimes find the ones with a celebrity name attached can be a little lacklustre - that's not the case with Eilish. I first got this as a Christmas present and loved it so much I got another bottle six weeks later for my birthday because I loved it so much. The bottle is stunning and looks great on a dressing table, although I keep my fragrances in a drawer to stop them ageing prematurely.
I was told that when my family member first smelled the scent in store that they instantly thought of me and I can see why. It's a perfect gourmand, there's vanilla but also a dash of cocoa that really rounds it out. It's sweet but doesn't cross the line into sickly thanks to some woody and spicy notes lingering near the base.
Personally I love it and it's the one celebrity perfume I reach for time and time again. Whenever I've worn it on dates I've received compliments and friends often ask me what I'm wearing. I think it's a good option for late teens and women in their 20s and 30s and definitely a treat for under the Christmas tree — I'm actually expecting my dad to 'surprise' me with it.
You can buy it on multiple retailers including LookFantastic, Boots, BeautyBay and more. Prices start at £32 for the 30ml but a gift set including a 100ml and 10ml bottle is now £52 on LookFantastic.
It never crossed my mind to choose any other celebrity perfume besides Britney Spear's Fantasy — the iconic fragrance that graced nearly every teenage girl's dressing table back in the day. Seriously, that bejewelled pink bottle is the epitome of nostalgia.
You may remember the bottle (and perhaps the sexy advert featuring Britney running through a forest), but you might need a reminder of the scent itself. Fantasy is unapologetically playful with fruity notes of red lychee and kiwi, followed by creamy musk, white chocolate, jasmine petals, and cupcakes — yes, cupcakes.
Nearly two decades after its initial launch in 2005, Fantasy still stands the test of time; it's the ideal balance of fun and sophistication, transporting anyone who wears it back to the good ol' carefree days of BlackBerry phones and frosted eyeshadow. And really, is there anything better than a perfume that evokes memories of days gone by? Get it at Boots for £24.50 (was £49).
Released in 2002, Glow by J.Lo was Jennifer Lopez's first-ever fragrance, and it really takes me back. The perfume is described as a fresh, sexy and clean scent - making it perfect for everyday wear.
The key notes are Italian bergamot, pear, lychee, magnolia petals, pink peony, violet leaf, sheer musk, white amber crystals and sandalwood. Glow was the first perfume I ever loved, delivering such a sensual floral scent.
A great gift for any J.Lo fan, the bottle is crafted with a frosted finish in a silhouette that resembles Jennifer's iconic body shape. Amazon sells a 30ml bottle of Glow for just £11.90.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.