Billie Eilish recently stunned in a slinky corset-inspired dress at the Critics Choice Awards.
The singer wore a long dress that skimmed her figure and cinched her in at the waist as she walked the red carpet and left onlookers in awe. The dress featured a square neckline and thick shoulder straps along with a bustier style bodice.
Eilish’s pencil skirt revealed a long white shirt that poked out underneath. On her top half, the shirt was buttoned to the top as she held her arms behind her back, which were covered by the long sleeves.
READ MORE: Bella Hadid struggles to cover boobs as she strips topless for nearly-nude snaps
READ MORE: Sofia Vergara suffers wardrobe malfunction as camera flash exposes lace lingerie
She paired black boots with the eclectic look and styled her iconic red and black hair in a sleek ponytail with a middle parting. Billie added two black clips to keep the hair tucked behind her ears and paired the look with silver earrings.
To tie it all together, the What Was I Made For? singer added silver tinted glasses and wore a full face of makeup, including a flawless base, nude lipstick and black eyeliner for an emo-inspired look.
She was joined by her brother and songwriter Finneas O’Connell, who helped her make the Barbie soundtrack song, as they attended the 2024 Critics Choice Awards in Santa Monica, California.
Finneas looked dapper in a black tuxedo and a white shirt, paired with a black bow tie and thick-framed glasses. He pushed his strawberry blonde quiff back from his face and trimmed his facial hair for the event.
The sibling duo were nominated for Best Song for their song What Was I Made For?, which was used at the end of 2023’s box office smash hit Barbie. However, they lost out on the award to Ryan Gosling’s I’m Just Ken, his single from the same film.
Finneas and Billie previously won the Critic’s Choice Movie Award for Best Song for their 2020 single No Time To Die, which was written for the James Bond film of the same name. The powerhouse pair have broken many records and won many awards, including most recently the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song for What Was I Made For?
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.