McKayla Maroney would probably not have been impressed.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Last night, the Olympics closed on the 2024 TV schedule with a high-octane performance from Tom Cruise, a throwback performance from France’s own indie darlings Phoenix, and sunny performances from Snoop, Dre, Billie Eilish and the Red Hot Chili Peppers on the homefront. Peppered throughout this was commentary from Mike Tirico and Jimmy Fallon, who shared his Top 5 Moments from the 2024 Olympics. Weirdly, only one of them made my own list.
To be clear, there are a lot of moments that happened over the course of the last several weeks that made national news, so I see how it was difficult to kick down to five big moments. But the five Jimmy Fallon – or the NBC writing team – chose are simply baffling to me for the most part.
I think pretty much universally Olympics fans in the United States can agree that pommel horse guy and his Clark Kent and Superman glasses on glasses off trick enamored the nation. In fact, even Elmo came out to talk about how he wanted to be “a specialist” after Nederoscik helped Team USA to a bronze medal in the team event and the same in the individual apparatus event. To me, he’s a clear 1 or 2, but definitely should make anyone’s Top 5.
From here, Jimmy Fallon and I diverge quite a bit though. There were so many epic moments that came out of the Olympics, even for comedic value I fail to see how Fallon’s No. 4 slot could go to moments that went viral in a bad way. Hate that. Sure, these moments were funny, but there were some legitimately amazing performances from US men and women that stood out so much more.
If I had a Top 5, here’s how it would go. First of all, I’d pick moments, not themes for some of these and moments for others. For me, while there were some amazing moments from a slew of countries, my Top 5 is filled with US triumph, sorry to Leon Marchand, who was absolutely a beast in the water. (Or to other competitors like Netherland distance runner Sifan Hassan or Brazil’s amazing gold floor routine medalist Rebeca Andrade, who were splendid to watch.)
Finally, I would not waste a top five on any not-so-great moments. That should have been a funny aside, and not the no. 4 slot. I still don’t really get that choice. Though my Top 5, which, again, does include pommel horse guy's big W.
Other standouts definitely included Curry sinking four three-pointers in the last few minutes of the US men’s basketball final to clinch the gold and Ledecky’s impressive distance performances, so it’s not like Fallon’s list was horrifically bad or anything, I just feel like it missed some of the more pivotal moments of the games. And I’m not even getting into the tense US and Brazil Women’s soccer final, Noah Lyles’ surprise 100m win, or Sha’Carri Richardson’s blistering look when Great Britain tried to sneak up in the 4X100 race. All great answers.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Fallon’s closing ceremony performance was not exactly beloved by fans watching the NBC Sports program, so this Top 5 list sort of fits in perfectly with the rest of the narrative. A bunch of tweets pointed this out recently, with fans pointing out some flaws in the closing coverage, namely having Fallon on.
Honestly, I did enjoy a lot of what NBC attempted via Tirico and the regular announcers, as well as some outside-the-box programming from the likes of Kenan Thompson, Kevin Hart and Colin Jost, who eventually was wounded and removed from Tahiti. Fan-favorites Tara Lipinski and Johnny Weir made notable closing ceremony appearances, which people liked, and even if Laurie Hernandez wasn’t the most polished or critical announcer this season, I did enjoy her coining “ghost deductions” during gymnastics coverage.
There was a lot to like, and Fallon did inject his particular energy into the games several times in ways that totally made sense for the Olympics. But did I need him sharing a Top 5 on closing night? No, no I did not.
Jessica Rawden is Managing Editor at CinemaBlend. She’s been kicking out news stories since 2007 and joined the full-time staff in 2014. She oversees news content, hiring and training for the site, and her areas of expertise include theme parks, rom-coms, Hallmark (particularly Christmas movie season), reality TV, celebrity interviews and primetime. She loves a good animated movie. Jessica has a Masters in Library Science degree from Indiana University, and used to be found behind a reference desk most definitely not shushing people. She now uses those skills in researching and tracking down information in very different ways. 
Paget Brewster Shared The Story Behind A Wardrobe Mishap She Had While Working With Matthew Perry On Friends, And The 'Gentlemanly' Way He Handled It
Christopher Meloni Revealed F-Bomb-Filled Things People Yell At Him While Filming Law And Order On The Streets Of NYC: 'That Kind Of Blew That Take'
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.