It turns out Billie Eilish is all about self-pleasure, and doing it in front of a mirror makes her feel “empowered and comfortable” in her own body.
The Bad Guy songstress spilled all in a new interview with Rolling Stone, confessing she “should have a Ph.D. in masturbation”, as it’s such an “enormous” part of her life. She told the publication masturbating is a “huge help” in her battle against body dysmorphia.
She gushed: “People should be jerking it, man. I can’t stress it enough, as somebody with extreme body issues and dysmorphia that I’ve had my entire life.” She feels a “hot” and “raw” connection to herself when performing the act in front of a mirror so she can look at her reflection.
READ MORE: ‘I’m a big Emmerdale star but was so broke I turned to adult film – it nearly ruined me’
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Billie said: “I got to say, looking at yourself in the mirror and thinking ‘I look really good right now’ is so helpful. You can manufacture the situation you’re in to make sure you look good. You can make the light super dim, you can be in a specific outfit or in a specific position that’s more flattering.
“I have learned that looking at myself and watching myself feel pleasure has been an extreme help in loving myself and accepting myself, and feeling empowered and comfortable.”
It wasn’t the only X-rated bombshell she dropped in the same interview, confessing that despite being “in love” with girls as long as she can remember, she only realised in 2023 she “wanted [her] face in a vagina”.
The singer-songwriter has been cosying up to a girl while at Coachella festival, kissing Quenlin Blackwell and even pretending to bite her bum in some behind-the-scenes snaps. Billie captioned her racy post: “Shout-out to love and friendship man, life is beautiful.”
But in new snaps, she was spotted cosying up to male actor Alex Wolff while on a walk in Los Angeles. Alex slung one arm around a smiling Billie’s shoulders as they grabbed food at Astro Burger after a trip to a rock climbing gym.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
Billie rocked a pair of tiny shorts that left her legs bare, and an oversized black and white striped top, while Alex wore an A24 hoodie over a white t-shirt and black sweatpants. They met up with Billie’s pal, photographer Zoe Donahoe, on the relaxed outing.
The star split from her last boyfriend Jesse Rutherford in May 2023 after less than a year together, but confirmed they’re still friends. She’s also sparked romance rumours with actor Matthew Tyler Vorce, and confirmed a 2018-2019 relationship with Brandon Quention Adams.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.