By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:06, 12 September 2024   |  Updated:  00:56, 17 September 2024   
 7
View  comments
Charli XCX announced on Thursday that she will be releasing a brand new version of her Brat album, which is presumably a remix album, on October 11. 
Taking to X, formerly known as Twitter, to announce the news, the singer, 32, revealed to fans: 'Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat - Out Oct 11.'
The news sent fans into a frenzy as they took to the comment section to express their excitement. 
One thrilled fan wrote on X: 'WERE SO READY'; 'No way we getting brat (reversed)'; 'ITS BRAT AUTUMN YALL, BRAT WILL NEVER DIE'; 'ALL OF MY DREAMS HAVE COME TRUE.'
According to Variety, the project will contain 16 songs, five of which are previously released remixes of songs from the original album. 
Charli XCX, 32, announced on Thursday that she will be releasing a brand new version of her Brat album, which is presumably a remix album, on October 11 (pictured in 2022)
The announcement comes as she prepares to launch her SWEAT tour with Troye Sivan, 29. The tour will take the two of them to arenas across North America including New York City’s Madison Square Garden on September 23 (pictured in June)
While the other 11 songs have not yet been revealed, the album features '360' with Robyn and Yung Lean, 'Von Dutch' with Addison Rae, 'Girl, so confusing' with Lorde, 'Guess' with Billie Eilish and 'Talk talk' with Troye Sivan, which was announced earlier this week and dropped alongside the announcement. 
The album will also reportedly include a second disc, which is the original tracklist of BRAT plus its three bonus tracks.
MailOnline has contacted Charlie XCX's representatives for comment.  
Charli XCX is just days away from launching her SWEAT tour with Troye Sivan, 29. 
The tour will take the two of them to arenas across North America, including New York City’s Madison Square Garden on September 23 and L.A.’s Kia Forum on October 15. 
On the day, the joint tour general sale went live ticket sales for the pop star spiked by 906% on ticket marketplace viagogo compared to the month prior.
Charli XCX has been going from strength to strength after releasing her album Brat in June this year. 
On the day of her album release thousands of fans flocked to viagogo to view Charli XCX tickets causing a massive 235% increase in page views.
According to viagogo, Charli XCX's best-selling show is currently her upcoming stop at New York's Madison Square Garden in late September, as the singer takes stateside by storm.
The singer took to X, formerly known as Twitter, to reveal the exciting news to fans: 'Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat - Out Oct 11'
The news sent fans into a frenzy as they took to the comment section to express their excitement
Aside from her upcoming tour, Charli XCX will also reportedly star alongside Olivia Wilde , 40, in a new erotic thriller titled I Want Your Sex 
The upcoming feature film was written by Gregg Araki (seen) and Karley Sciortino and will begin production in Los Angeles in October
Aside from her upcoming tour, Charli XCX will also reportedly star alongside Olivia Wilde, 40, in a new erotic thriller titled I Want Your Sex. 
The movie is being directed by queer filmmaker Gregg Araki - known for films including The Doom Generation starring Rose McGowan.
It comes as the pop star - real name Charlotte Emma Aitchison - is enjoying a new wave of success thanks to her sixth studio album Brat.
The success of the album has seen Charli's star drastically rise from underground pop darling to a mainstream artist - despite having previously scored hits such as Fancy with Iggy Azalea, 34.
Olivia most recently directed 2022's Don't Worry Darling, which is where she met One Direction singer Harry Styles, who was then just 26. 
The upcoming feature film was written by Gregg Araki and Karley Sciortino and will begin production in Los Angeles in October, per Variety.
It has been described as a descent into a world of 'sex, obsession, power, betrayal and murder.'
Araki, 64, is known for his involvement in the New Queer Cinema movement, having made his directorial debut in 1987 with Three Bewildered People in the Night. 
Details of Charli's role have so far been kept under wraps.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group