Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
“Oppenheimer,” Christopher Nolan’s portrait of the father of the atomic bomb, dominated the list of nominees for the 96th Academy Awards announced early Tuesday, picking up 13 nods, including best picture.
The nine other films vying for the top prize are Cord Jefferson’s “American Fiction,” Justine Triet’s “Anatomy of a Fall,” Greta Gerwig’s “Barbie,” Alexander Payne’s “The Holdovers,” Martin Scorsese’s “Killers of the Flower Moon,” Bradley Cooper’s “Maestro,” Celine Song’s “Past Lives,” Yorgos Lanthimos’ “Poor Things” and Jonathan Glazer’s “The Zone of Interest.”
Follow live updates on the 2024 Oscars
Triet, Scorsese, Nolan, Lanthimos and Glazer were also recognized in the best director category. Triet is the eighth woman to be nominated for direction in the history of the Academy Awards.
​“Barbie” turned in a strong showing, securing eight nominations, including nods for supporting actor Ryan Gosling and supporting actress America Ferrera. Surprisingly, though, “Barbie” star Margot Robbie was locked out of the best actress race and Gerwig did not make the cut in the best director category.
“Poor Things,” a feminist spin on the Frankenstein story, nabbed 11 nominations; “Killers of the Flower Moon,” a chronicle of the Osage murders of the 1920s, earned 10.
The nominees for best actor are Bradley Cooper (“Maestro”), Colman Domingo (“Rustin”), Paul Giamatti (“The Holdovers”), Cillian Murphy (“Oppenheimer”) and Jeffrey Wright (“American Fiction”). 
In the best actress race, the nominees are Annette Bening (“Nyad”), Lily Gladstone (“Killers of the Flower Moon”), Sandra Hüller (“Anatomy of a Fall”), Carey Mulligan (“Maestro”) and Emma Stone (“Poor Things”). Gladstone made history as the first Native American person nominated in the category.
No performer may be more of a lock for an Oscar than Da’Vine Joy Randolph for her supporting turn in “The Holdovers” as a cafeteria manager mourning the death of her son in Vietnam. Randolph previously triumphed at the Golden Globe Awards and the Critics’ Choice Awards.
The list of contenders was announced by Zazie Beetz (“Joker”) and Jack Quaid (“Oppenheimer”). Jimmy Kimmel is lined up to host the awards show March 10 — his fourth time as the emcee.
The recognition of box-office champions “Barbie” ($1.4 billion worldwide) and “Oppenheimer” ($952 million worldwide) might help attract viewers to this year’s telecast. Last year’s ceremony got a bump in the ratings thanks in part to “Top Gun: Maverick” and “Avatar: The Way of Water.”
Daniel Arkin is a national reporter at NBC News.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC