Taylor Swift's world famous Eras Tour finally arrived in the UK this month, with the singer's glittering three-and-a-half-hour-long performance of her greatest hits blowing fans away.
The US superstar, who recently released her latest album The Tortured Poets Department, has played dates in Edinburgh, Liverpool and Cardiff and has just finished a three-night run at London's Wembley stadium.
With her tour schedule landing her in the UK right before Glastonbury Festival gets going, many fans have been wondering whether she might make an appearance at Worthy Farm this weekend.
READ MORE: Who is rumoured to be playing secret sets at Glastonbury 2024?
You can see our Glastonbury Festival coverage in full here.
Taylor, 34, was set to headline the Somerset festival back in 2020 after organisers announced she had been booked to play the closing Sunday set on the Pyramid Stage. However, the festival had to be cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.
While previously announced headliner Paul McCartney and Sunday legend Diana Ross remained on the bill when the festival returned for 2022, Taylor did not, with Billie Eilish and Kendrick Lamar taking the other two headliner spots. Since then, rumours have been circulating that she may get the opportunity to headline the festival again, but so far there has been no confirmation of any plans.
While Taylor does not feature on this year's Glastonbury line up, the festival is known for having surprise guests turn up on site and has previously had the likes of Foo Fighters and The Killers perform unannounced sets for fans.
However, despite Taylor being in Europe for her tour, it looks unlikely that she'll make an appearance this year. The singer will be heading to Ireland to play Dublin's Aviva Stadium on June 28, 29 and 30 - the same weekend as Glastonbury.
The Eras Tour has has garnered a lot of attention since landing in the UK, with thousands of fans attending each night and plenty of celebrities getting spotted in the VIP area.
Several A-listers were spotted at the recent London gigs, including rock legends Sir Paul McCartney and Jon Bon Jovi, Prince William and his children and Love Actually star Hugh Grant. Fleabag stars Phoebe Waller-Bridge and Andrew Scott were also spotted at one of the gigs, as were Channel 4 News presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy and comedian Jessica Knappett.
Another attendee was American actress Rachel Zegler, known for her roles in West Side Story and The Hunger Games prequel. On Saturday evening, a fan posted a video online which appeared to show Mission Impossible star Tom Cruise speaking to Swifties at the stadium.
Other stars, including The Hunger Games actor Liam Hemsworth and married Hollywood couple Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher, were reportedly seen on Saturday night, while the Friday night show was attended by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and celebs including Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan, Queer Eye’s Jonathan Van Ness and model Cara Delevingne.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.