Marleen Moise/Getty Images
Sabrina Carpenter may be short and sweet, but she’s not short on voters!
The 25-year-old pop star engaged more voters than any other artist in 2024 via HeadCount, registering 35,814 voters, with an additional 263,087 voters engaged outside of registering (checking registration status and polling location) through giveaways, in-person activations and video boards on her Short n’ Sweet tour and mailers.
The “Espresso” singer announced her collaboration with HeadCount, a nonpartisan organization working to register young voters, ahead of the launch of her world tour.
“We couldn’t be more excited to continue our partnership with Sabrina! Young voter engagement is more crucial than ever in this election, where the race could come down to a few hundred thousand votes, and there are few people as impactful as Sabrina to spread that message through this sweepstakes and her tour,” said Lucille Wenegieme, CEO of HeadCount, at the time.
Since 2004, HeadCount has registered more than 1.5 million voters through collaborations with artists such as Ariana Grande, Harry Styles, Billie Eilish and other musician. This year alone, HeadCount has attended over 3,700 events, registering over 450,000 new voters and reaching more than 3 million music fans to inspire action, according to a press release from the nonprofit. Over 80% of the voters registered by HeadCount this year are Gen Z or Millennials.
The “Espresso” singer hasn’t officially endorsed any presidential candidate for the 2024 US Election unlike several of her fellow musical artists, like friend Taylor Swift. The Eras Tour performer endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris via Instagram on Sept. 10.
“I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election,” Taylor, 34, said in a post on Instagram. “I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate @timwalz, who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.”
The “Love Story” singer also dispelled any rumors about an incorrect endorsement of Trump, clarifying that an AI-generated version of her had been circulated on his website. The situation brought her to the conclusion that she needs to “be very transparent” about her voting plans.
“Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site,” she explained. “It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth.”
“I’ve done my research, and I’ve made my choice,” the Eras Tour performed added. “Your research is all yours to do, and the choice is yours to make. I also want to say, especially to first time voters: Remember that in order to vote, you have to be registered! I also find it’s much easier to vote early. I’ll link where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved