ROSTR, an online directory for music industry contacts, data, and jobs, has launched Stack, a free expert-curated collection of tools, resources, and recommendations for artists and music professionals.
Stack launched with more than 3,000 recommendations across 125 categories organized in curated lists from Paradigm agent Tom Windish (Billie Eilish, Lorde), Cherie Hu of cutting-edge music industry research collective Water & Music, Warner Bailey, founder of Assistants vs. Agents, and Sunset Nine, with picks to drive success in the music industry, attorney Enrique Marquez Paris with resources for independent artists, music manager George Hanson with the tools he uses to get through his busy day, and dozens more.
The database can be searched by curator or resource type, such as Legal, Gear, Conferences, Productivity, and Mental Health.
“Just as we’ve helped organize relationships across the industry with ROSTR, Stack is going to make it easy to discover all the different stuff you need to succeed in this wild industry,” said Mark Williamson, CEO & Co-Founder of ROSTR. “Stack will be where you’ll find your next distributor, lawyer, tour company, podcast, curator, PR agent, etc,” 
New lists are promised in the coming weeks and those interested in submitting can learn more here.
Bruce Houghton is the Founder and Editor of Hypebot, a Senior Advisor at Bandsintown, President of the Skyline Artists Agency, and a Berklee College Of Music professor.
It’s fantastic to see such a comprehensive and accessible directory that can help navigate the complexities of the music business. Kudos to ROSTR for creating a one-stop hub for industry success!
Comments are closed.
With the internet and digital technologies driving rapid change within the music industry, articles about new releases and who has been hired and fired are no longer enough. Our up to the minute industry news alongside insightful commentary helps our readers sift through the rumors and developments to find the information they need to keep their businesses moving forward.
 Hypebot is read daily by more than 30,000 music industry professionals including executives and senior staff of music related tech firms, internet based music sites, every major label group and most indies as well as many managers, artists and members of the live music community:
Contact us for the latesst stats, ad rates and sponosorship opportunites. We also offer combined rates with MusicThinkTank.
 “I swear by Hypebot every morning over breakfast.” Derek Sivers Founder, CD Baby
 “Hypebot is the most focused music business centric resource we have.” Celia Hirschman One Little Indian, Downtown Marketing & KCRW-FM
 “Well done.” Seth Godin Marketing guru