Amazon shoppers are raving over a 'dream' perfume that has pulled in more than 1,000 ratings on the shopping giant. Nebras by Lattafa was first launched in 2022 but has since built up quite the fanbase.
The scent opens up fruity with a combination of red berries and Mandarin orange before settling into a heart of vanilla, cacao and rose. It stays sweet with base notes of sugar, tonka bean, amber and musk.
Nebras has been compared to Eilish by Billie Eilish, which isn't a huge surprise as they both feature all of the same notes with the exception of Eilish having an additional touch of wood and spice. At £27.42 it's cheaper to get your hands on Nebras when the same size bottle of Eilish retails at £49.
READ MORE: Amazon shoppers rave over £32 perfume they insist is better than £230 designer scent
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter fans go crazy for new perfume that 'smells better than Tom Ford'
It's pulled in an average rating of 4.4 out of 5 from across 1,304 global ratings. One shopper said: "So lovely. Cherries, vanilla, chocolate. Gourmand dream, but not overpowering. My new favourite fragrance."
A second added: "If you like gourmand fragrances, this one is a safe blind buy. It is sweet but not overly sweet. This is a beautiful chocolate and red berry fragrance. It can be worn on its own and it is good for layering too. Fantastic quality and longevity for a brilliant price point."
A third wrote: "I can go on and on about this perfume. Long lasting and smells really expensive. I pair this with the choco musk, the combo is divine."
A fourth added: "Nebras is a stunningly crafted perfume that lingers on your skin for hours! A sweet fragrance that has very strong vanilla notes - it’s not overpowering at all. This perfume is pretty versatile in that it can be used day or night.I like the bottle design considering the price point makes it look much more expensive than it costs. For this price point, it’s definitely NOT a regretful purchase."
Some shoppers have complained that it's too sweet for them with a very strong vanilla note. One wrote: "It’s gives you a blast of vanilla fragrance. It’s a little strong for me - almost sickening. I don’t get any other note than vanilla."
You can get Nebras for £27.42 on Amazon now.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.