Both the standard and limited edition models have been crafted to be even better in the studio via improved electronics and onboard chorus effects 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Finneas has become the first guitar player to be honored with a signature Fender Acoustasonic guitar, with two new editions of the series' Telecaster models released.
The singer-songwriter is most known for his work with his sister, Billie Eilish, but has also enjoyed a fruitful solo career. He has been playing Fender's groundbreaking electric-acoustic Telecaster since 2019, and so the signature releases marks the next natural step in his partnership with the company.
A Guitar Player review suggested “there's some sonic voodoo going on” with the guitar's thin body but authentic acoustic tones, and it seems Finneas has been equally as convinced by the design.
“The most important thing to me about a guitar is versatility,” he says. “I was first introduced to the Acoustasonic guitar in 2019 when I was on tour with Billie, and I played it at every show that year.”
A key focus on his personalized model, then, was for the guitar to become as powerful in the studio as it had proved to be on the road.
“When we started conversations about my signature model, I knew this guitar was great in a live setting, and I wanted to find ways to take it into the studio and make it a versatile, expressive studio instrument. This is the result of that.”
As such, these models – a Finneas Acoustasonic Player Telecaster and Limited Edition Finneas Acoustasonic Telecaster – are distinguished by custom electronics curated by the Grammy-winning songsmith.
All the latest guitar news, interviews, lessons, reviews, deals and more, direct to your inbox!
A magnetic Acoustasonic Shawbucker pickup melds with a Fishman under-saddle transducer “to deliver clean electric, small-body acoustic, and dreadnought acoustic tones.”
A built-in chorus effect is another choice addition, and the characteristics of its two voices were hand-selected by the guitarist, “for a versatile array of high-fidelity, studio-worthy sounds.”
The two models are manufactured in different locations, and visually identifiable by their unique finishes. A modern Cappucino Fade satin finish adorns the Ensenada, Mexico-made standard model, and the Arctic White-finished limited edition build is built at Fender’s historic facility in Corona, California.
Both are crafted with solid spruce tops, and mahogany bodies and necks, with ebony selected for their respective fingerboards and bridges. Finneas’ signature features on the back of their headstocks.
“We are incredibly proud to collaborate with Finneas on his first signature guitar,” says Fender’s EVP of Product, Justin Norvell. “They capture the unique blend of acoustic, electric, and onboard effected tones that characterize his music.
“This guitar is more than an instrument; it's a versatile tool meant to inspire the next generation of producers and artists to explore new sonic landscapes,” Norvell continues. “Finneas’ innovative spirit and dedication to authenticity shine through in every detail of these signature models.”
The standard model is priced at $1,399 with the limited edition model rising to $2,499. Both are available to order today.
Visit Fender to learn more.
A freelance writer with a penchant for music that gets weird, Phil is a regular contributor to Prog, Guitar World, and Total Guitar magazines and is especially keen on shining a light on unknown artists. Outside of the journalism realm, you can find him writing angular riffs in progressive metal band, Prognosis, in which he slings an 8-string Strandberg Boden Original, churning that low string through a variety of tunings. He's also a published author and is currently penning his debut novel which chucks fantasy, mythology and humanity into a great big melting pot.
“I felt myself starting to cry.” Eric Clapton’s 'MTV Unplugged' Martin acoustic returns in two guises. But Slowhand’s affinity for the guitar brand began long before that seminal live performance
"I have a Mercury on the guitar now, which makes me very happy.” Brian May’s new signature Gibson SJ-200 features a subtle tribute to the late Queen singer Freddie Mercury 
"He had used that guitar neck up. He did everything and anything that neck could do.” Sammy Hagar claims he made Eddie Van Halen a better musician and says the guitarist "dried up" in the 2000s 

GuitarPlayer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.