The U.S. singer and actor is expected to climb the summit with her latest single, and snag a rare 1-2. 

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	The summer of Sabrina Carpenter continues to heat up.

	Based on sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, Carpenter is within touching distance of a second U.K. No. 1 this year with “Please Please Please” (Island).

	The U.S. singer and actor is expected to climb the summit with her latest single, and snag a rare 1-2. Sabrina’s breakthrough hit Espresso,” which led the national tally for five weeks, is expected to hold at No. 2.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					






















	
		
					Taylor Swift		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Eminem’s “Houdini” (Interscope) last week became the Detroit Rap God’s longest-reigning single, with a two-week stand. “Houdini” should complete the chart podium, dipping 1-3.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Meanwhile, Myles Smith’s U.K. breakthrough “Stargazing” (RCA) is tracking for its highest peak yet, and is anticipated to climb one spot to No. 6.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	As Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour winds its way around the U.K., the pop superstar’s music climbs the U.K. charts. “Fortnight” featuring Post Malone is on the brink of a return to the top tier, at No. 10, while “Cruel Summer” is close behind at No. 13.

	Swift’s latest album, The Tortured Poets Department (EMI), is chasing a seventh U.K. chart crown. It’s the leader on the Official Albums Chart Update, a touch over 1,100 chart units ahead of Billie Eilish’s former No. 1 Hit Me Hard And Soft (Interscope).

	The highest new entry on the forthcoming albums survey is expected to be Paul McCartney & Wings’ One Hand Clapping (Capitol), a collection of previously-unreleased works recorded at Abbey Road Studios in 1973. It’s new at No. 3 on the chart blast and should become the band’s ninth U.K. top 10 appearance.

	Also hunting a top 10 spot is English indie-rock act Sea Girls with Midnight Butterflies (No. 4 via Alt), Fred again..’s USB (up 171 places to No. 6 via Atlantic), the late David Bowie with the posthumous boxed set Rock ‘n’ Roll Star! (No. 7 via Parlophone) and U.S. country star Luke Combs’ with Fathers & Sons (No. 8 via Sony Music CG).

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Charts are published Friday, June 21.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.