Taylor Swift narrowly eked out another win on the Billboard 200 albums chart. "The Tortured Poets Department" remained at number-one for the tracking week that ended June 6. It achieved 148,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams (that's down just 16% from last week). This was her seventh week at number-one. Across her 14 chart-topping albums, she has accumulated more weeks at number-one than any other solo artist in history. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
The 148,000 units for "Tortured Poets" was just enough to hold off K-pop group ATEEZ, whose "Golden Hour: Part 1" had to settle for number-two with 131,000 units. That pushed down Billie Eilish's "Hit Me Hard and Soft" to number-three, but "Hit Me" still pulled in another 117,000 units, down 19% from week-to-week, which shows impressive staying power for the 10-track collection. Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" finished in fourth position with 71,000 units. And in the number-five spot, his fellow country artist Shaboozey enjoyed a breakthrough with "Where I’ve Been, Isn’t Where I’m Going" racking up 50,000 units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, most game players correctly predicted that "Tortured Poets" would be number-one yet again. Only 13, though, predicted it would fall between 100,000 and 149,999 album units. At number-two, 15 players correctly bet on "Golden Hour: Part 1." Users were evenly split between "Hit Me Hard and Soft" and "One Thing at a Time" for number-three; the 21 players who picked "Hit Me" got the point on that one, and the 27 players who placed "One Thing" at number-four scored the right answer there. The toughest spot to predict was number-five: only one player predicted "Where I've Been" to show up there. Overall, three players managed to correctly answer five out of the six prediction questions. How did you do? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Tortured poet number one for sure Go Taylor
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media