By BRIAN MARKS and CLAUDIA SMITH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:57, 15 April 2024   |  Updated:  00:13, 16 April 2024   
 2
View  comments
Ryan Seacrest couldn't contain his emotions after a moving performance by Loretta Lynn's granddaughter Emmy Russell on Sunday night's episode of American Idol.
The 49-year-old host admitted that he was crying after hearing the 25-year-old songstress perform her original song Want You on acoustic guitar, which got top marks from the judges in the Top 20 show.
The rare display of tears from the usually reserved television fixture led the judge Luke Bryan, 47, to comfort Seacrest.
They managed to lighten the mood when the host comically leapt into Bryan's arms, which was more than the country singer had bargained for.
'I'm crying,' Ryan admitted as soon as he joined Emmy on stage after the applause had died down. 
Ryan Seacrest couldn't contain his emotions after a moving performance by Loretta Lynn's granddaughter Emmy Russell on Sunday night's episode of American Idol
The 49-year-old host admitted that he was crying after hearing the 25-year-old songstress perform, only for judge Luke Bryan to come up on stage to comfort him
'Ryan, do you want somebody to want you like that too?' Katy Perry taunted him from the judge's table.
'Love me! Love me, like I love you,' the host added comically to lighten the mood. He was paraphrasing some of Emmy's original lyrics: 'I want you to want me / Like I want you / I want you to need me / Like I need you.'
But Luke wanted to get in on the action too. He started walking toward the stage without warning, which appeared to visibly startle the host.
'Ryan, I'll give you a hug,' the hitmaker said as he walked toward Seacrest with open arms.
But Ryan shocked him when he jumped into Luke's arms and wrapped his legs around him for grip.
'Oh!' Luke shouted in surprise as he held his costar aloft and tapped him on the thigh.
Seacrest quickly jumped down from his perch and Bryan immediately turned to head back to the table with his arms limply reach out, as if he had dirtied his hands and he didn't want to contaminate anything else. 
Back at the table, he joked that he was 'Still trying to get over Ryan's...—' 
Emmy performed her original song Want You on acoustic guitar, which got top marks from the judges in the Top 20 show
'I'm crying,' Ryan admitted. 'Ryan, do you want somebody to want you like that too?' Katy Perry taunted him from the judge's table
But Luke wanted to get in on the action too. He started walking toward the stage without warning, which appeared to visibly startle the host
'Ryan, I'll give you a hug,' the hitmaker said as he walked toward Seacrest with open arms. But Ryan shocked him when he jumped into Luke's arms and wrapped his legs around him for grip
'Oh!' Luke shouted in surprise as he held his costar aloft and tapped him on the thigh
Back at the table, he joked that he was 'Still trying to get over Ryan's...—' 'Legs wrapped around you?' Katy interjected
'Legs wrapped around you?' Katy interjected.
'Yeah, well, so it's the most expensive thing I've ever held,' Luke shot back as he turned to address Emmy. 
'Back on track, that was so you,' he gushed. 'I loved it because it was so real, and I think we could really feel the emotion in that, and that’s what your artistry is about and don’t lose that.
'That thing that you did with that song really is your signature. It was very emotional and probably my favorite performance that you’ve done,' he added. 
Lionel Richie was also over the moon about the performance, and he proudly told Emmy that she potentially had a 'hit single' on her hands with her original song.
Katy was less effusive, and she off constructive criticism on Emmy's breath control and failure to hold longer notes, though she was still positive overall on the performance.
Ryan also got serious again as he confessed how much Emmy's song had moved him. 
'Knowing that was your song, you started writing at 9, and those are your lyrics, it was just so emotional backstage,' he admitted.
The show also showed Luke being stunned by the transformation Julia Gagnon made from her audition to winning a spot in the show's Top 20.
'We think about how you weren't believing in yourself in the audition and how you came so far, gaining confidence to stand up here and do this, from the Central Maine talent show to top 20!' Luke said. 'Congratulations.'
Julia, a 21-year-old college student from Cumberland, Maine, cried when she learned she won the last spot in the Top 20 at the end of the three-hour episode on ABC.
She revealed that she never felt like she fit in when she was growing up and was shocked when her town rallied around her and even threw a watch party in her honor. 
Julia sang I Believe by Fantasia and burst out crying when she finished and the crowd chanted her name.
The also saw Luke being stunned by the transformation Julia Gagnon made from her audition to winning a spot in the show's Top 20 on Sunday's episode of American Idol on ABC
'That was amazing!' host Ryan Seacrest , 49, said.
'I guess it looks like America believes that you belong,' Katy Perry, 39, said. 'I really love what you gave us, that heartfelt delivery and especially that falsetto. '
'Anything can happen if you believe,' Lionel Richie, 74, said. 'We are so proud of you.'
The emotional episode in which the Top 20 were revealed after the results of viewer voting also featured performances from Teddy Swims, Paul Russell, and Idol alum Lauren Spencer-Smith.
Jack Blocker, 25, from Nashville, was the first contestant to make the Top 20. He took the stage and sang Jim Croce's song You Don't Mess Around with Jim.
'You did very well tonight,' Lionel said.
Mia Matthews, 19, from Centre, Alabama, was the next Top 20 finalist announced. She performed Lainey Wilson's hit Wildflowers and Wild Horses while playing the guitar.
'Not to sound corny but I think you found your roar!' Katy said.
Julia sang I Believe by Fantasia and burst out crying when she finished and the crowd chanted her name
Julia, a 21-year-old college student from Cumberland, Maine, cried when she learned she won the last spot in the Top 20 at the end of the three-hour episode on ABC
She earlier revealed that she never felt like she fit in when she was growing up and was shocked when her town rallied around her and even threw a watch party in her honor
'I guess it looks like America believes that you belong,' Katy Perry, 39, said. 'I really love what you gave us, that heartfelt delivery and especially that falsetto'
Mackenzie Sol, 23, a TikTok star known for his funny videos, from Las Vegas, was shocked when he heard his name announcing that he made it to the next level. He wowed the judges playing the piano while singing Lady Gaga's I'll Never Love Again.
'You feel like a guy that I want to cheer for,' Luke said.
Roman Collins, 24, a worship leader from Long Beach, California, was the next contestant in the Top 20. He sang Never Would Have Made it by Marvin Sapp and Lionel was blown away.
'I have never in my American Idol history seen the American Idol children, congregation act like this before!' Lionel said. 'God has a plan for you!'
Kennedy Reid, 23, a mortician from New Albany, Indiana, was called next. Kennedy said she got a lot of hateful comments over her appearance on the show. She changed her look and said she wanted to take her power by singing The Judds song Love Can Build A Bridge.
'The sad part about putting yourself out there in this world of entertainment is people do that, and it's taken all of us years to learn how to shrug that off,' Luke said. 'You got a dose of that and you are going to prove everyone else wrong the rest of your life.'
Teddy Swims, wearing a pink suit and strawberry earring, performed his hit song Lose Control. Teddy said he was impressed with Ajii, 27, who works at a nursing home in Brooklyn, who auditioned with one of his songs. 
Ryan then announced that Ajii was moving on to the top 20. Ajii performed Like A Stone by Audioslave.
'Great job, lots of energy,' Luke said.
The top 20 gathered for a group photo
Jennifer Jeffries, 18, from Starkville, Mississippi, found out she was moving on next. She sang Grave Digger by Matt Mason while playing her guitar.
'You did great!' Lionel said.
Emmy Russell, 25, from Nashville, was the next to make the Top 20. She sang her original song called Want You that brought Ryan to tears. Luke went on stage to hug Ryan when Ryan jokingly jumped on him.
'Still trying to get over Ryan's...,' Luke said.
'Legs wrapped around you?' Katy said.
'Yeah, well, so it's the most expensive thing I've ever held,' Luke said. 'Back on track, that was so you.'
Triston Harper, 15, a high school student from McIntosh, Alabama, was the next contestant to move on. He sang his original song called HOPE.
'How do you get that much talent in a 15-year-old?' Luke said. 'It's truly remarkable watching you.'
Platinum ticket winner Odell Burton Jr., 28, an airport security worker from Austin, Texas, moved on to the show's top 20 and sang the Teddy Swims hit The Door.
'I think I'm retiring that song from my set, baby,' Teddy said to him after his cover. 'You got that, baby.'
'Congratulations, you killed it,' Lionel said.
Kayko, a songwriter and producer from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, moved on next and sang his original song called Over You.
'You're going to be a megastar!' Katy said. 'I'm excited for the next five years of your life. I'm going to go see you on tour.'
Kayko, a songwriter and producer from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, advanced and sang his original song called Over You
Jordan Anthony, 19, from Perth, Australia, was told he moved on, too. He performed the Billie Eilish song When the Party's Over while playing the piano.
'That was one of my favorite performances of the evening,' Katy said. 'I was on the edge of my seat and it was a great ride.'
Quintavious, 22, a vocal coach and worship leader, from Franklin, Tennessee, was picked next. He sang Tori Kelly's song Hollow.
'You are electric!' Lionel said. 'That was amazing!'
Kaibrienne 'KB' Richins, 20, from Henefer, Utah, was told she made the top 20. She sang her original song Girl I Am Now.
'You got us on that performance!' Lionel said.
Paul Russell took the stage and performed his hit Lil Boo Thang and had the audience dancing along.
Nya, 28, a Broadway performer from New York City, who also made it to the Top 20 dedicated her performance of Georgia On My Mind to her father who passed away. The judges gave her a standing ovation.
'That was an undeniable performance!' Lionel said. 'That was incredible.'
Jordan Anthony, 19, from Perth, Australia, was told he moved  on and performed the Billie Eilish song When the Party's Over while playing the piano
Quintavious, 22, a vocal coach and worship leader, from Franklin, Tennessee, sang Tori Kelly's song Hollow after making the Top 20
Kaibrienne 'KB' Richins, 20, from Henefer, Utah, was told she made the top 20 and sang her original song Girl I Am Now
Paul Russell took the stage and performed his hit Lil Boo Thang and had the audience dancing along
Nya, 28, a Broadway performer from New York City, who also made it to the Top 20 dedicated her performance of Georgia On My Mind to her father who passed away
Jayna Elise, 22, from Washington, D.C., was told she made it next. She sang My All by Mariah Carey.
'My dear, you have a career,' Lionel said.
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, was told she made the cut. She sang Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance dedicating the song to her grandparents she lost. The judges gave her a standing ovation.
'That felt like we were at your concert,' Luke said.
Idol alum Lauren Spencer-Smith took the stage and sang her original song Fingers Crossed. Lauren, who competed on the show when she was only 16, said she was now working on her second album.
The next member of the top 20 was Will Moseley, 23, from Hazlehurst, Georgia. He said that he was shocked that his original song he auditioned with went to number two in the iTunes country chart. He then performed Drake White's song Makin' Me Look Good Again.
'It was perfect,' Luke said.
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, an esthetician, from Gilbert, Arizona, was told she was moving on after recently meeting her birth family.
Jayna Elise, 22, from Washington, D.C., sang My All by Mariah Carey after making the Top 20
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, was told she made the cut and sang Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance
Idol alum Lauren Spencer-Smith took the stage and sang her original song Fingers Crossed
The next member of the top 20 was Will Moseley, 23, from Hazlehurst, Georgia
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, an esthetician, from Gilbert, Arizona, was told she was moving on and performed again
McKenna, who performed in bare feet, sang Joni Mitchell's song Both Sides Now while playing the piano.
'I've known Joni, Joni Mitchell a long time and she would be so proud that you took her song and made it into your song,' Lionel said. 'It was so touching.'
Blake Proehl, 25, a former pro football player, from Charlotte, North Carolina; Hailey Mia, 16, a high school student from Clifton, New Jersey; KBlocks, 27, a cook from Montgomery, Alabama, and Elleigh Marie Francom, 20, who first auditioned when she was 16, from Utah, did not make the cut and were eliminated.
American Idol will return Monday on ABC when the Top 14 will be revealed.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group