Work continues inside the United Center on Thursday, Aug. 1, 2024, as preparations are made for the Democratic National Convention, scheduled for Aug. 19-22. 
CHICAGO — More than a year after Chicago was announced as the host city, the Democratic National Convention is about to start.
Running Monday through Thursday, the convention is a huge moment for national Democrats, who have had a whirlwind few weeks since President Joe Biden quit the race, paving the way for Vice President Kamala Harris to become the first Black and Asian American woman to a lead major party ticket.
Eyes will also be on Mayor Brandon Johnson and Gov. J.B. Pritzker, who are looking to pull off the massive made-for-TV event without a hitch, building on the success of the 1996 Democratic convention and continuing to push aside historic images of the contentious 1968 DNC.
And yes, the festivities will probably disrupt the routines of anyone near the convention’s two main venues, the United Center and McCormick Place.
Here’s what to know.
Traditionally, party leaders come together every four years to nominate the person they want on the top of the presidential ticket in November. Republicans held their convention last month in Milwaukee.
There are a few nontraditional things about this year’s DNC, though.
Typically, the person nominated emerged victorious through primary elections across the country in spring and summer. This year is different for Democrats since Biden dropped out of the race in July.
Harris, Biden’s vice president, has already been nominated in an online roll-call of delegates to be the Democratic nominee, so there won’t be a formal, official vote to nominate her at the convention.
Instead there will be a ceremonial roll call, speeches from party leaders and up-and-comers, and an introduction of Harris’ recently announced running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz. It’ll be a televised rally of support to build on Harris’ fundraising and polling momentum from the past month.
Nearly all of the Democratic Party’s well-known officeholders will be joined by thousands of delegates and other supporters and volunteers, along with thousands of members of the media, at the main venues: McCormick Place, south of the Loop, and the United Center on the Near West Side. In addition, organizers are predicting thousands of protesters will take to the streets to bring attention to issues that include the war in Gaza.
There will likely also be some A-list celebrity sightings at the convention sites and around town. Billie Eilish and Julia Louis-Dreyfus took part in Democrats’ last national convention, which was primarily virtual due to the pandemic.
Overall, the DNC estimates some 50,000 visitors will come to Chicago for the convention.
Convention events at the United Center and McCormick Place are not open to the public.
Much of the schedule, including the speaker list, has yet to be announced, although Pritzker and former President Barack Obama are among those that figure to have prominent slots. Daytime party business and meetings will largely take place at McCormick Place, according to the DNC. Evening events, including the major speeches and hoopla that is likely to be televised, will be at the United Center.
Harris is expected to give the convention’s final speech on Thursday, with Walz expected to speak Wednesday.
Those who will be in the area are advised to download the OEMC Chicago app for the latest updates about disruptions around the United Center and McCormick Place.
Along with logistics for the convention itself, Johnson has said the city is prepared for the possibility that thousands of migrants could arrive from the southern border, sent by Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and others.
Police Superintendent Larry Snelling has stressed that the department has undergone rigorous training on both crowd control and First Amendment issues.
Johnson’s administration proposed that many protesters march west from Union Park, past a small park north of the United Center and then east back to Union Park. Officials announced the route after a coalition of pro-Palestinian protest groups sued to block the city from confining protesters to a two-block strip of Grant Park, far from the United Center.
Park No. 578 just north of the United Center will also serve as a “free speech zone,” Glen Brooks, director of community policing at the Chicago Police Department, said.
The neighborhoods immediately around the United Center and McCormick Place will be most affected, and work has started on building out the security perimeter. Full street closures in the security zones are expected starting this weekend, before the convention starts. A pedestrian-only zone around the United Center will stretch between approximately Washington Boulevard on the north to Adams Street on the south, and from Seeley Avenue on the west to a point between Wood and Paulina streets on the east.
Only people with credentials who “have a need to be there” will be allowed in that zone, 2024 DNC coordinator Jeff Burnside said.
A vehicle screening zone around the United Center will extend east and south of the pedestrian-only zone by about a block.
McCormick Place will also have a “red zone” for pedestrians surrounded by high fences, and a slightly larger vehicle screening zone to the east, west and north. That larger zone is outlined roughly by Michigan Avenue, 21st Street and the Stevenson Expressway.
There will be traffic aides from OEMC in the areas most affected, OEMC spokesperson Mary May said.
Public transit riders should expect delays as buses will be rerouted on streets near the convention sites. No significant extra train service will be added, CTA President Dorval Carter has said, though passengers might see additional trains from airports. 
Traffic will also be disrupted on the eastern end of I-55. Between DuSable Lake Shore Drive and State Street, no vehicles larger than a passenger car will be permitted. The exit to MLK Boulevard from the expressway will be closed to general traffic.
On the Kennedy Expressway, center lanes will remain closed to the general public due to ongoing construction but could be used for motorcades or law enforcement vehicles.
CPD’s helicopters will be in use throughout the week “to support neighborhood and district operations,” according to Brooks. The Secret Service will also likely fly drones or helicopters along with motorcades.
Metra will run hourly shuttles between O’Hare International Airport and downtown during the convention, and the CTA has committed to providing buses to specifically transport people participating in the convention.
Cable news channels, including CNN and MSNBC, will likely carry much of the top prime time programming live. The DNC will broadcast its own feed on social media and its website, DemConvention.com, as well as on Amazon Prime Video. The major networks are expected to offer some prime time coverage. Events will also be available through streaming services.
“The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” plans to broadcast from the Auditorium Theatre downtown throughout the week of the DNC — suggesting the Emmy-winning, formerly Chicago-based comedian and Northwestern University alum plans to host guests from the United Center on his late-night show.
Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show” will also broadcast from Chicago during the convention, including a live show Aug. 22.
Chicago has hosted 25 major party national conventions, 14 for Republicans and 11 for Democrats, since 1860, when Abraham Lincoln was nominated by Republicans, according to the Chicago History Museum. That’s the most of any U.S. city, with the runner-up, Baltimore, having hosted 10.
Chicago Tribune’s A.D. Quig contributed.  
Gov. J.B. Pritzker offers Lee Enterprises statehouse reporter Brenden Moore a corn dog with ketchup at a news conference to open the Illinois State Fair on Aug. 8. Moore ignited a flurry of social media discussion in Illinois political circles with a tweet back in 2022, and gentle ribbing has continued ever since.
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
Gov. JB Pritzker isn't backing down from the fiery sentiments in a high-profile speech that Republican critics say amounted to a call for poli…
Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan died Friday at age 91. 
Gov. JB Pritzker sharply criticized fellow Democrats on Sunday for not doing enough to oppose President Donald Trump, drawing a clear divide b…
Mayor Brandon Johnson touted his Springfield agenda as both “modest” and beneficial to the whole state of Illinois during a short Wednesday st…
Throughout the town hall, the second-term Illinois governor continued calling for Americans to make their voices heard against what he perceiv…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.