Photo and illustration collage depicting artists and albums throughout 2024. Additional illustration elements added on Monday, Dec. 23, 2024.
Let's not waste much time. After countless hours listening and all albums considered, these are the top 10 albums of 2024. 
Honorable mentions include "Dunya" by Mustafa, "Underdressed at the Symphony" by Faye Webster and "Why Lawd?" by NxWorries. 
Though the moment may have gotten away from us, it's important to remember that "BRAT" is still an album — and a good one at that. It's overstimulating and all over the place, but the perfect amount of each. 
"Girl, so confusing" (especially the remix) is incredible and heartfelt, "B2b" is guttural and constant, and "Talk talk" is an ascendant experience. And though there are a few misses, there are enough hits to match.
READ MORE: Charli XCX and Troye Sivan make fans 'Sweat' during Arizona performance
Don't let the corporate PR narratives take away what is a truly free and fun experience riddled with the next decade of "Club classics."
It was a tough task to follow up the stunning and memorable "Ivory," and "God Said No," in all honesty, did not top it. But though that would be an easy write-off, there's still a lot to offer on Apollo's 2024 LP. 
"God Said No" is coming from a different place. It's meditative and mindful but also takes its time for thumping and danceable hits. The singles, "Spite" and "Dispose of Me," are two of the album's best, and "Done With You" is also unforgettable.
READ MORE: 'God Said No,' but Arizona fans say yes: Omar Apollo rocks Mesa Amphitheatre
Though not perfect, "God Said No" feels complete. Apollo is among the best in his niche, and whatever's next for him should be on anyone's radar. 
It may seem like exceeding praise to put a movie score on an albums list, but this duo crafted something truly memorable to accompany the stunning Luca Guadagnino film. This album is more than just an accompaniment and truly stands on its own. 
There's something surreal about this soundtrack. The pure thrill and ambiance brought by its flashy synths combined with its constant pace capture the true essence of tennis. 
READ MORE: Opinion: Soundtracks are the key to a quality movie in the 21st century
Though not music for every setting, "Challengers (Original Score)" is shockingly close for a techno-inspired soundtrack — simultaneously pretty, exhausting and exhilarating. And playing it will certainly enhance any physical activity you're engaging in.
Ravyn Lenae is currently going a bit viral on TikTok, and it's a relief she's getting even a shred of the recognition she deserves. She's one of the best in alternative R&B, with a completely unique and enthralling style revolving around her otherworldly — psychedelic, even —voice. 
Though tough to follow up the magnificent "Hypnos," her 2024 album has further refined an extraordinary sound. "Love Me Not" is another feeling entirely, a reclaiming of 2000s alt-rock put through her R&B machine. 
"Dream Girl" with Ty Dolla $ign and "One Wish" with Childish Gambino are also standouts, with a cosmic glow that's hard to even describe. "Bird's Eye" is a must-listen for anyone looking to broaden their horizons.
It has been said in a wonderful State Press review already, but "GNX" gets the job done. It feels like a side project, but again, a side project by Kendrick Lamar is your average artist's magnum opus. 
Favorites include "luther," "heart pt. 6" with SZA, "dodger blue" featuring Wallie The Sensei, Roddy Ricch and Siete7x, and more, but there isn't really a miss here.
READ MORE: Review: Kendrick Lamar's 'GNX' isn't groundbreaking, but why would it need to be?
Billie Eilish has been at the forefront of pop since 2019, and her constant reinvention into fresh sounds has yielded yet again with this 2024 album. "HIT ME HARD AND SOFT" is a lush and expansive journey into this beautiful world that she and her brother and producer Finneas have cultivated in just 10 songs. 
Hits like "BIRDS OF A FEATHER" or "CHIHIRO" don't get old, and neither do the 'deep cuts' (which may be a stretch when the lowest-streamed song has over 150 million plays on Spotify) like "L'AMOUR DE MA VIE." 
"HIT ME HARD AND SOFT" is a refreshing take on pop music and, combined with other trends at the top of the industry, is a sign of good things to come. 
It's funny that the album is mid-tier for Tyler, The Creator, but is so good compared to everything else released since January. He's been an unstoppable force of creativity in the last decade, and though "CHROMAKOPIA" is not perfect, it still has so much to offer. 
The songs themselves rarely miss. Its aesthetic is odd, but the soul found within a "Take Your Mask Off" featuring Daniel Caesar and LaToiya Williams or a "Darling, I" featuring Teezo Touchdown, or an "I Hope You Find Your Way Home" is an experience to witness. Tyler, The Creator's perfect selection of chords and melodies cannot be understated. 
"Like Him" is the album's high point, and "Balloon" is its low — and though further apart than most projects, the bar is still so incredibly high. 
READ MORE: Tyler, The Creator reignites his light with 'CHROMAKOPIA'
"Charm" is easy. "Charm" is gentle. And "Charm" will serenade you no matter the scenario. 
Clairo created a distinct theme and sound that stayed true over this project's 11-song runtime. Albums are becoming closer and closer to playlists every year, it seems, so seeing a body of work that feels so singular is refreshing. And it doesn't hurt when there's no misses, either. 
READ MORE: Clairo 'Charms' Arizona fans at Mesa concert
"Nomad" is one of the best songs of the year, and the all-encompassing richness felt on "Thank You," "Juna," "Add Up My Love" and almost everything else is simply beautiful. Clairo's music has such a widespread appeal that you could play "Charm" for just about any music fan and they'd enjoy it. 
In terms of a singer-songwriter project, "Older (and Wiser)" is about as good as it gets. Lizzy McAlpine has found such a gorgeous instrumental palate that perfectly compliments her style; This album is a celebration of artistic evolution. 
It's hard to pick a favorite. "Staying" is immaculate. "All Falls Down" is generationally catchy. "Vortex" and "Pushing It Down and Praying" are soul-crushing. And "Spring Into Summer" is another feeling entirely — a true marriage of everything her sound has become and how live, how real, how larger-than-life it feels. 
No one is doing it like McAlpine right now. "Older (and Wiser)" is palatable and catchy, while simultaneously exceptionally crafted and emotional.
It may not be a popular choice or well-known, even, but "SCRAPYARD" is the best album of 2024. It's odd and ghostly at times, but also carries such a profound care in melody and substance that it's addicting to go back. 
Whether it's shades of Radiohead or Elliott Smith, Quadeca found a way to create something so singular yet so expansive. "TEXAS BLUE" with Kevin Abstract is likely the best song of the year, an ode to longing done in a way that's never been done before.
"EASIER" and "U DON'T KNOW ME LIKE THAT" are also standouts. "SCRAPYARD" takes a lot of risks, and is exceedingly strange, but it is an experience like no other. Give it a chance, and if you can see the vision, Quadeca might change your taste forever. 
And if you're wondering how these albums' individual songs stack up compared to everything else that came out this year, don't you worry. 
As a bonus for making it this far, here are my top 100 songs of 2024, ranked. 
Editor's note: The opinions presented in this review are the author's and do not imply any endorsement from The State Press or its editors. 
Edited by Senna James, Sophia Braccio and Natalia Jarrett.
Reach the reporter at adirst@asu.edu and follow @andrewdirst on X.
Like The State Press on Facebook and follow @statepress on X.
Andrew is a senior studying journalism and mass communication. This is his fourth semester with The State Press. He has also worked at The Arizona Republic and Cronkite News.
This website uses cookies to make your experience better and easier. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.