Delectable editor-approved scents from Kayali, Tom Ford, Phlur, and more. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

To know me is to know that I have an insatiable sweet tooth. I can’t get enough of little bakery treats, so much so that I’ve adopted their scents as my own. The best perfumes to me are the ones that make me smell like a living, breathing dessert. Naturally, my collection is full of the delectable gourmand perfumes. For the uninitiated, this scent family and massive fragrance trend contains deliciously edible notes. The best vanilla perfumes are a solid starting point, but I've built out my gourmand collection with scents that smell like chocolate, caramel, spices, fruits, coffee, and marshmallows.
Although they may feature sugary notes, don’t mistake gourmands for exclusively sugary scents. Instead, the best gourmand perfumes offer an experience, explains professional perfumer Erwan Raguenes. “Gourmand fragrances go a step further by incorporating elements that evoke the sensory experience of enjoying desserts or other culinary treats,” he says.
They're known for conjuring confidence, comfort, and, most especially, nostalgia, which is what makes them so popular, according to Demi Rawling, a content creator and founder of the fragrance-discovery app Sniff. As she explains, “The allure of these scents lies in their ability to combine the past and present, creating a comforting experience for anyone who wears them.”
The world of gourmands is vast and varied—one may make you feel like a cupcake personified, while another will have you imagining you’re in a coffee shop in Paris. So to help you on your delicious fragrance journey, I made it my mission to find the best ones on the market right now. Ahead, shop 15 of the yummiest gourmand perfumes from Kayali and Tom Ford to Phlur and more. Each one is either tested and reviewed by yours truly or comes vetted by the pros. Whether you're a lover of bold, long-lasting fragrances or prefer lighter perfumes, rest assured that this list will have something delectable for you. Just remember—they're for smelling, not eating.
If smelling like the most delicious vanilla cake imaginable is your goal, this perfume is your one-way ticket to achieving it. It's the kind of vanilla perfume that's instantly recognizable and it may be the most "edible" smelling on this list. Whether you're just dipping your toe into gourmands or are a bonafide fan, you'll find Dulce to be delectable. 
Notes: Vanilla; Chocolate; Hinoki wood; Nude musk 
Size: 1.7 oz 
What I Love: A true vanilla scent; Nostalgic; Recognizable; Great for layering; Long-lasting; Great for any season or occasion; Sweet, but not cloying
What I Don't: May be too simple for some 
Review For MC: "Despite having a collection of nearly 100 bottles, I still regularly turn to this whenever I'm craving a sugary delight. With a blend of two types of vanilla and hints of grounding chocolate and musk, I find this fragrance to smell exactly like homemade frosting—sweet, buttery, and even a touch powdery. It has a creamy, slightly woody dry down to give it some depth, but all in all, it's melted ice cream in a bottle, so naturally, I'm obsessed." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor
Brooke Knappenberger tests and names By Rosie Jane Dulce as the best overall gourmand perfume.
When Billie Eilish created her first perfume, she wanted it to feel like a warm embrace—and she hit the mark. Her debut fragrance cocoons you in sugary sweetness that won't give you a headache. It gets even more irresistible with the dry down as the amber and musk notes come through, giving it major warmth. 
Notes: Sugared petals; Mandarin; Red berries; Vanilla; Cocoa; Warm musk; Tonka bean
Size: 1.7 oz. 
What I Love: Not overly sweet; Great value; Luxurious packaging; Great for any season or occasion; 
What I Don't: Bottle isn't very functional
Review For MC: "Celebrity perfumes tend to be a hit or a miss, more often the latter for me, but this one is definitely a hit. Its sugary, berry opening is equal parts delectable and comforting, plus it's unique from the other vanilla fragrances I have in my collection. While the bottle is gorgeous on my shelf, it's not the most functional, but that's my only gripe with this fragrance. All in all, I can't count on this fragrance to make me feel cozy all day long." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor 
Brooke Knappenberger tests and names Billie Eilish Eilish as the best budget gourmand perfume.
Every Tom Ford perfume is luxurious, layered, and very long-lasting and Lost Cherry is no different. Right off the bat, this perfume, which is rumored to be one of Rihanna's all-time favorites, packs a powerful punch of tart cherries. This fragrance gets even better with wear as creamy tonka bean, sweet almond, and a touch of floral jasmine come through. At first spray, you may not immediately get what makes this perfume so special, but once you let the notes combine, you won't be able to resist smelling yourself—I certainly can't any time I wear it. 
Notes: Black cherry; Tonka bean; Bitter almond; Sour cherry; Plum; Turkish rose; Jasmine sambac; Vanilla
Size: 1.7 oz.
What I Love: Complex, layered scent; Very long-lasting; Gets warmer and sweeter with wear; Smells different on everyone 
What I Don't: May be too strong for some
Review For MC: "Some of the most prized perfumes in my collection come from Tom Ford, including Lost Cherry. It's the scent that put cherry perfumes on the map and it's not too difficult to see why it's often duplicated. A couple of sprays have me feeling like a million bucks thanks to a blend of multiple cherries and bitter almond. A spray on each wrist is all I need for this rich-smelling scent to last all-day long, too—its longevity is seriously impressive." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor 
Brooke Knappenberger tests and names Tom Ford Lost Cherry as the best budget gourmand perfume.
Not every gourmand perfume is going to be sweet. In fact, I'd argue this cult favorite from D.S. & Durga leans more into spicy perfume territory. However, that's not to say this doesn't remind me of a nutty dessert—because it does. Cardamom and patchouli rise heavily on the first spray, with the pistachio note lingering. It's a complex, sophisticated, "cool girl" scent and one well worth the hype. 
Notes: Pistachio; Cardamom; Patchouli; Almond; Vanilla creme
Size: 1.7 oz
What I Love: Doesn't smell like anything else; Long-lasting; A gourmand for those who don't like sweet scents; Unisex; Great for fall and winter
What I Don't: May lean too masculine for some
Review For MC: "There's a time and place for baked-treat scents, and then there are times I want something more sophisticated—that's when I reach for Pistachio. It's a bit spicy in the opening, but it develops on my skin, a creamy nuttiness takes center stage, and I'm left smelling like a vanilla sundae topped with pistachios. With its spicy sweetness, this is a scent I wouldn't mind sharing with a partner, either." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor 
Brooke Knappenberger tests and names D.S. Durga Pistachio as the best spicy gourmand perfume.
For those who may not be into traditional edible gourmands, this floral-leaning fragrance may be up your alley. It opens with a bouquet of sweet-smelling florals, but after a few minutes when the raspberry, vanilla, and sandalwood develop, this fragrance sneaks up on you with a sweeter, creamier feel. Fair warning: you may actually let out a few sighs of contentment when wearing this perfume.
Notes: Geranium; Neroli; Raspberry; Jasmine; Vanilla; Sandalwood 
Size: 3.3 oz. 
What I Love: Blend of floral and sweet notes makes it unique; Great for any season or occasion; Long-lasting
What I Don't: May be too floral for true gourmand lovers
Review For MC: "In my time as a shopping editor, I've tried plenty of perfumes but none have surprised me more than this one. At first, I thought I was duped into thinking this was a gourmand because it does lean very floral at the initial spray—that would be the notes of geranium and neroli coming through. But underneath the floral notes, there's a buttery element and sweet raspberry in the dry down that is simply delicious." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor
Brooke Knappenberger tests and names Juliette Has a Gun MMM... as the best floral gourmand perfume.
I'm sure my fellow old Gen-Z'ers remember the sugary sweet smell of Strawberry Shortcake dolls. With strawberry as the star of the show, this Phlur perfume takes me back to those days spent playing with my favorite toys. It has a nostalgic, playful feel that develops into a surprisingly chic, complex fragrance. Right out of the bottle, sweet strawberries and apple blossoms are tangible. The sharp fruitiness is perfectly balanced with amber and earthy woods, giving it an overall mature feel.
Notes: Strawberry gariguette; Cassis leaves; Plum nectar; Wild lily; Apple blossom; Earthy woods; Tonka bean; Sugared amber
Size: 1.7 oz. 
What I Love: Nostalgic; Not overly sweet; A bright, playful scent; A unique fruit gourmand; Warm, sweet dry down
What I Don't: Some reviewers wish the strawberry note was stronger
Review For MC: "I always thought fruity perfumes would read childish, but that's because I never smelled Strawberry Letter. While certainly nostalgic, this fragrance is all grown up with a warm, ambery base to give it complexity. Don't get me wrong—the strawberry gariguette note is nothing short of uplifting. This is the perfume I reach for whenever I'm in a happy, playful mood." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor 
Brooke Knappenberger tests and names Phlur Strawberry Letter as the best fruity gourmand perfume.
Like all of Maison Margiela's Replica perfumes, Coffee Break is about recreating an experience, specifically sitting in a cafe sipping on a latte on a cold day. A strong note of roasted coffee is perfectly balanced with fresh lavender, and it all later gives way to a warm, creamy vanilla base. You won't smell like a sugary pastry, but instead like the most expensive vanilla latte you've ever had. Anytime I want to feel peak coziness, which is all the time in the winter, this is the perfume I reach for. 
Notes: Coffee; Lavender; Milk mousse accord
Size: 3.4 oz. 
What I Love: Nostalgic; Warm, cozy dry down; Great for fall and winter; Lavender note provides calming effect; A subtle take on gourmands
What I Don't: Coffee note doesn't last as long
Customer review: "Wow this fragrance is absolutely stunning. It has notes of creamy lavender and smooth coffee with vanilla and orange blossom. This is not “just” a coffee scent. It smells like drinking a creamy, frothy lavender latte and getting a whiff of the person next you who is wearing cologne. It’s so unique, I wear it allll the time and it lasts forever! Incredible perfume." — Nordstrom 
If you're the type of perfume lover to select your scent based on the occasion, Black Opium is one hell of a sexy perfume and one you can count on for date night. Raguenes describes the cult-favorite scent as "bold, sensual, and addictive, perfect for those who crave a dose of energy and sensuality in their scent," and I couldn't agree more. 
Notes: Coffee; White flowers; Vanilla 
Size: 1.0 oz. 
What I Love: An iconic designer perfume that's stood the test of time; Invigorating; A sexy, seductive scent; Great for evenings and special occasions
What I Don't: May be too dark and sensual for daytime wear
Customer review: "Coffee and jasmine is not a combo I thought could work, but boy, was I wrong. Just like a morning cup of caffeine, I find the opening coffee note invigorating. I'm left feeling like my most feminine self as the florals and warmth of vanilla come through. Another bonus? This perfume lasted me an entire night of dinner and dancing." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor
Created by Snif, the brand behind the buzzy soda and pizza (yes, pizza) perfumes, Crumb Couture is a love letter to everyone's favorite pastry: croissants. Surprisingly, this perfume is crazy realistic; it actually made my mouth water. It opens with a strong buttery note unlike anything I've smelled before and later dries down to a warm and cozy vanilla feel. If you were to close your eyes while smelling this fragrance, you would think you're smelling the real thing. 
Notes: Croissant accord; Wild berry jam; Blackcurrant; Toasted vanilla; Tonka bean; Sandalwood 
Size: 1.0 oz. 
What I Love: Doesn't smell like anything else; Very realistic; Decadent; Great for any season or occasion
What I Don't: Longevity could be better
Review For MC: "I was a bit skeptical of this bread-inspired fragrance, but I was unexpectedly blown away. It has me smelling like a snack—literally—thanks to a photorealistic, mouthwatering croissant accord in the opening with a touch of berries. Truth be told, every time I smell this fragrance on me, I let out an involuntary 'mmm...' It's that good." — Brooke Knappenberger, Associate Commerce Editor 
The best citrus perfumes have a knack for feeling refreshing and uplifting—you may not see them as particularly edible, but that may be because you haven't tried Casamorati's Lira, a favorite of Rawling's. She explains that Lira combines blood orange with caramel, cinnamon, licorice, and vanilla, creating a unique citrus gourmand profile. "Many have tried to replicate its success, but Lira remains unmatched in my eyes," she adds. "Its ability to blend citrus and gourmand elements so seamlessly makes it a standout in the world of perfumery." 
Notes: Blood orange; Cinnamon; Licorice blossom; Vanilla; Musks; Caramel
Size: 1.0 oz. 
What I Love: A unique fruit gourmand; A great balance between sweet, fruity, and warm notes; Long-lasting; Doesn't smell like anything else
What I Don't: Citrus note doesn't last as long
Customer review: "This perfume is heavenly. The quality is unlike anything mainstream perfumes. Decadent and rich. Vanilla, warm and reminds me of like a lemon bar. Notes linger on my skin all day." — Neiman Marcus 
Speaking from experience, some gourmand perfumes don't feel particularly well-suited for summer. Some can feel too heavy, while others can read too sweet. However, Miami Nectar was practically made to wear during hot summery nights. Its pineapple and coconut water opening is undoubtedly tropical, while later on, amber, vanilla, and salted woods add a bit of seductiveness. It reminds me of piña coladas on the beach, but also of long nights spent exploring the city. Don't mind me if I wear this bold perfume all summer long. 
Notes: Pink pineapple; Coconut water; Amber; Plumeria; Vanilla; Jasmine
Size: 1.7 oz. 
What I Love: Tropical notes are perfect for summer; a different take on gourmands; smells different on everyone 
What I Don't: May only be suitable for spring and summer 
Customer review: "A perfect scent for summer!!! It has the best smell my nose has ever encountered, but then again summer is my favorite season and the beach is my favorite place. When my nose smells it, my brain thinks I am on a beach oasis somewhere sipping a pina colada!!" — Sephora 
We can't talk about the best gourmand perfumes without mentioning Prada's Candy. The fragrance is undoubtedly one of Prada's most popular—it's a mature take on sweet, and certainly not headache-inducing. It comes pro-approved by Raguenes, who says, "It's playful, feminine, and effortlessly chic, making it a popular choice for those who enjoy sweet yet sophisticated scents." I find this perfume to be great for everyday wear—it's not too overpowering, and it leaves you wrapped in warm comfort for nearly the entire day. 
Notes: Caramel accord; Benzoin resin; White musk
Size: 1.7 oz. 
What I Love: An iconic designer perfume that's stood the test of time; Great for everyday wear; A playful, yet elevated scent
What I Don't: May be too simple for some 
Customer review: "Smells so nice! It’s like a sweet candy perfume but mature. I think it smells great and lasts pretty well." — Nordstrom 
If body mists give you a flashback to your middle school days of saccharine sweet sprays, I wouldn't blame you. However, Ellis Brooklyn's elevated scents rise far above the cloying mists you may have doused yourself in as a preteen. Marshmallow, the latest in the brand's lineup, is a mature take on the fluffy dessert-like scent that's creamy and playful. It's the perfect topper to a unisex fragrance or spicier scent if you want to sweeten it up. 
Notes: Marshmallow; Lemon; Peach skin; Caramel accord; Benzoin; Vanilla orchid; Milky musks; Amber woods; Patchouli Indonesia
Size: 3.4 oz. 
What I Love: Ideal for layering; A good entry fragrance for those wanting to try gourmands; Great for any season or occasion
What I Don't: Longevity could be better
Review For MC: "I had a feeling that marshmallow would be the next gourmand note to trend, and never have I been happier to be right about something. Ellis Brooklyn has practically taken the smell of a freshly opened bag of marshmallows and bottled it into a perfume, and I've been wearing it to bed nonstop. While it's not the strongest or most long-lasting scent, I find that it layers really well with my lotions before bed, so I keep it on my nightstand now." — Ariel Baker, Beauty Writer 
An oldie, but undoubtedly a goodie, Raguenes says Angel is often considered one of the pioneering gourmand perfumes. In fact, the brand itself says Thierry Mugler "created and premiered the first modern gourmand scent" with the release of this perfume (Mugler's first) in 1992. Now over 30 years later, it's still a bestseller. Considering its fragrance notes, it's no wonder why the masses find it delectable. Raguenes explains, "It features notes of chocolate, caramel, vanilla, and patchouli, creating a rich and indulgent scent that's both sophisticated and addictive."
Notes: Bergamot; Red fruits; Patchouli; Praline; Chocolate
Size: 3.3 oz. 
What I Love: An iconic designer perfume that's stood the test of time; Inspired the gourmand fragrance family; Refillable bottle; Nostalgic; Long-lasting
What I Don't: May be too strong for some
Customer review: "A fragrance that everyone loves. People notice the scent when passing and ask, What smells so good? It is never overpowering, just pleasing." — Nordstrom 
Kilian Paris' Angel Share may be the brand's more well-known gourmand, but I want to bring your attention to the underrated Smoking Hot. As the name suggests, it's a smokey fragrance meant to evoke the feeling of lounging in a European hookah lounge. It combines the sweetness of apple and caramel with the spicy earthiness of tobacco and moss, creating an olfactory experience like none other I've tried. Fair warning that it does lean more masculine, but I personally find that alluring. In short, Smoking Hot is a gourmand fragrance for typical gourmand haters. 
Notes: Apple hookah flavor; Tobacco absolute; Bourbon vanilla; Pure jungle essence
Size: 1.7 oz.
What I Love: Doesn't smell like anything else; a gourmand for those who don't like sweet scents; unisex; refillable bottle
What I Don't: A very divisive scent—you either love it or hate it
Customer review: "To me, Smoking Hot comes over me in a sweet, but not too sweet apple and vanilla combo, the vanilla coming in a bit later, when the smoke starts to take centre stage. It is best I think in autumn and winter but I will also be wearing it on cooler Spring and summer days too. If you liked Angel's Share, I am sure you'll love this. It is also similar to a black and mild shisha if you're familiar" — Nordstrom
When hunting for a gourmand perfume, Raguenes recommends first settling on fragrance notes that resonate with you and the olfactory experience you’re going for. Then, consider your preference for sweetness and intensity.
For example, maybe you’re a fruity fragrance lover but can’t stand anything sickly sweet. If that’s the case, then you’ll adore the sensual feel of Ellis Brooklyn’s Miami Nectar. On the other hand, if you prefer a more candied scent, go with Phlur’s Strawberry Letter. All in all, Ragueness says it’s best to spray a fragrance on your skin and wait 15 minutes to see how it develops. He explains this “allows the top notes to evaporate and gives you a better picture of the heart of the fragrance, which is its true identity and what others will experience of your perfume.”
Layering your perfumes can make a gourmand fragrance feel even more complex, personal, and long-lasting, so don’t be afraid to get creative. Raguenes explains there are two different routes you can take when layering perfumes. For starters, you can mix complementary fragrance notes (for example, vanilla and wood scents) for added depth. You can also experiment with contrasting notes—think a rich chocolate scent combined with a citrus perfume—to create a unique juxtaposition. Either way, layering your fragrances can create your very own sweat treat you won’t be able to get enough of.
Brooke Knappenberger is the Associate E-Commerce Editor at Marie Claire and brings nearly five years of beauty experience to this story. She is a fragrance fanatic, bringing her first-hand knowledge and recommendations to the piece. She is constantly testing new beauty launches, and has reported on dozens of perfume stories including the best cherry fragrances, the best coconut fragrances, and the best winter fragrances. She consulted two fragrance experts for this story as well.
Marie Claire is also an authority on perfume, having tested over 500 fragrances for the Marie Claire 2024 Fragrance Awards. We continually stay up to date on the latest fragrance trends, innovations, and releases.
To compile this list of the best gourmand fragrances, Marie Claire Associate Commerce Editor Brooke Knappenberger scoured the internet and combed through countless customer reviews to find the top-rated options on the market, before testing and reviewing them herself. She also asked the Marie Claire team to share their holy grail picks and asked independent and staff testers to try a mix of cult favorites and new launches.
Each gourmand perfume was evaluated on notes, staying power, and its overall scent as the day went on.
Perfumer Erwan Raguenes is a graduate of the Grasse Institute of Perfumery and University of Montpellier.
Demi is known for her presence in the online fragrance community acquiring a large following over the last six years. She is the co-founder of Sniff, an app dedicated to discovering fragrance and connecting to other perfume lovers. 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Brooke Knappenberger is the Associate Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she specializes in crafting shopping stories—from sales content to buying guides that span every vertical on the site. She also oversees holiday coverage with an emphasis on gifting guides as well as Power Pick, our monthly column on the items that power the lives of MC’s editors. She also tackled shopping content as Marie Claire's Editorial Fellow prior to her role as Associate Commerce Editor. 
She has over three years of experience writing on fashion, beauty, and entertainment and her work has appeared on Looper, NickiSwift, The Sun US, and Vox Magazine of Columbia, Missouri. Brooke obtained her Bachelor's Degree in Journalism from the University of Missouri’s School of Journalism with an emphasis on Magazine Editing and has a minor in Textile and Apparel Management.

They've "never been fazed by being out in public."


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


From the coolest Adidas sneakers to luxury waterproof eyeliner.


Right this way to chic and sweet fragrances.


The best perfumes of the season, according to our Beauty Director.


Smelling good has never been this affordable.


The It girl fragrance note can be fun, fresh, sexy—and everything in between.


Sephora's Savings Event is full of celebrity-favorite perfumes at up to 20 percent off.


Mysterious, earthy, intoxicating—what more could you want?


Solid fragrances take lasting power to a new level.


The season’s new signature scent.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.