Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign topped the Billboard 200 albums chart earlier this year with their collaborative album "Vultures 1," but they couldn't repeat the feat with "Vultures 2." That's because Taylor Swift continued to reign with "The Tortured Poets Department," which logged its 14th week at number-one. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
"Tortured Poets" achieved 142,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. That was almost double its total from the week before because she released, you guessed it, new album variants each with a new bonus track. "Vultures 2" couldn't compete with that, racking up 107,000 units, which is fewer than the 148,000 units "Vultures 1" started with.
Rising to a new all-time high was Chappell Roan's "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess," which hit number-three with a 20% gain from week to week to 64,000 units. Dropping to number-four with 63,000 units was Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time." And Billie Eilish held steady at number five with "Hit Me Hard and Soft" accumulating 57,000 units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, 20 game players expected "Tortured Poets" to stick around at number-one, but we underestimated its commercial impact. Most of us thought it would move fewer than 100,000 units. "Vultures 2" wasn't in our predictions center because it was surprise-released on August 3, and no one predicted "None of These" as the correct answer for the number-two spot.
"Midwest Princess" also surprised everyone with its bump to number-three. But 10 people anticipated "One Thing at a Time" placing fourth, and six of us saw "Hit Me Hard and Soft" coming at number-five. For this difficult-to-predict chart, none of our users were able to answer more than two out of six prediction questions correctly. How did you do? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media