Salma Hayek has been regarded as a sex symbol for decades – and she’s doing little to play that down after spilling quite a few saucy confessions over the years.
The Desperado star went from “sobbing” during her first naked scene on-screen in 1995 to filming a lesbian romp with her co-star Lady Gaga for House of Gucci. In 2015, she provided Pierce Brosnan with one of the highlights of his career when she acted out the “four kinds of male orgasm”.
In their film Lessons in Love, Salma took “two or three takes” to mock the “stupid noises” men make during sex – including ‘the bear’ and ‘the sports commentator’. Pierce said: “Needless to say, it was a disturbing moment, and it is one of the highlights of my acting career to be with Salma Hayek just having an orgasm in front of me - a kaleidoscopic orgasm.”
READ MORE: Billie Eilish branded ‘ultimate beauty’ by fans as she bends over to show toned rear
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Daily Star takes a peek between the bedsheets to see what other racy admissions Salma has made over the years.
When it comes to her personal life with her husband François-Henri Pinault, it seems less really is more. She says sex isn’t the key to a happy marriage – but it’s a side-effect of one, which helps keep the “chemistry” alive.
Salma told Red magazine: “Sex is not the key to a happy marriage, but it’s a side effect. Although not every day! If it’s every day then it loses its charm.
“It’s so important to maintain your chemistry. You have to continue to laugh, continue to explore, continue to have fun with each other, continue to have romance. A good marriage, full of love, is my biggest accomplishment.
“Home is where my husband is. He is home. Everything outside of the family nucleus is an adventure that you’re living together.”
While filming Magic Mike’s Last Dance with her hunky co-star Channing Tatum, Salma was left red-faced while performing as an exotic dancer, giving her co-star a lap dance. But everything went wrong during rehearsals, as Channing began to pull Salma’s pants down – and she couldn’t remember if she’d gone commando.
She explained to Jimmy Kimmel: “I’m upside down, and my legs had to be somewhere, but upside down one loses sense of direction, and I didn’t do what I was supposed to do. So I, in the rehearsal, I went, like, head down, almost hit my head... he held on to my pants.
“I was really concerned because my pants — he was pulling, my pants were going away and I couldn’t remember if I had underwear [on] or not, in this moment. So instead of putting my hands to protect my head, I just held on to the pants.”
Channing told her: “Put your hands up! Hold onto my legs!” but Salma couldn’t listen, adding: “I’m like, ‘No no no’, until everybody came in and kind of took me away from him. He said, ‘What’s wrong with you?’ I said, ‘What’s wrong with me?’”
While filming House of Gucci alongside Adam Driver, Salma starred in one very raunchy deleted scene featuring Lady Gaga that was unfortunately cut from the film. And apparently it was all the Poker Face songstress’ idea.
She revealed to Jimmy Kimmel: “I'll never forget when I told Salma. I was like, ‘Okay listen, so, before we do this scene, I just want your consent to do something together. And she's like, ‘Okay, okay, okay, what do you want to do?’
“And I said, ‘So I was thinking, you know, after the hit gets put out on Maurizio, and you get the phone call that he's dead, that I walk over to you and kiss you.’ And she's like, ‘What?!’”
The idea was taken to director Ridley Scott and his wife Giannina, who had been trying to make the film for two decades. Gaga continued: “Now the only reason it's not in the movie is because that whole scene was cut. But it was an awesome scene.
“She's walking around the house, and the camera was following her feet and all her cats were following her, and Salma, in order to get the cats to follow her, she put a bunch of catnip in her boots, so Salma's walking around around the house, and the cats are following her... and then we were surrounded by cats and we started making out.
“I made out with Salma Hayek, so... I'm like that really annoying kid in school who's bragging that they made out with the popular girl but has no proof."
In 1995, while filming Desperado, Salma confessed that she nearly couldn’t be convinced to drop her towel for a simulated sex scene with Antonio Banderas. She confessed: “We were going to start shooting, I started to sob. I said, ‘I don’t know that I can do it. I’m afraid’.
“One of the things I was afraid of was Antonio - he was an absolute gentleman and so nice, and we're still super close friends - but he was very free. It scared me that for him, it was like nothing. I started crying, and he was like, 'Oh my God. You're making me feel terrible.' And I was so embarrassed that I was crying."
Thankfully enough jokes from her co-star helped Salma along, and she got through the scene. She added: “When you're not you, then you can do it. But I keep thinking of my father and my brother... And are they going to see it? And are they going to get teased? Guys don't have that. Your father will be, 'Yeah! That's my son!’”
Regardless, she did take her family to see the film – but walked out of the premiere when the time came for her to strip. She told the Armchair Expert Podcast: “I walked out of the premiere when they played it and I took my brother, father, and mother with me. I didn't want any of them to see it. They were happy to walk out right away and then we came back again. I don't think they noticed anything.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
In 2017, Salma aired fears that her beloved husband François-Henri was cheating on her. Explaining the anecdote on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, she explained that she was worried he’d been romping with a woman called Elena.
She explained: “So, about a year ago he [her husband] said, ‘you know what guys, I’m going to get a dialect coach and I’m going to get rid of the accent before you who has been living in the States for like 67 years’, referring to me. He never mentioned it again so I thought he didn’t do it. A couple of days ago I’m texting someone and I see his phone, and there’s this message.”
The message read: “Hi, this is Elena, if you want to improve your English, you have to practice, do you want to practice now?” and left Salma “furious”. She said: “Well obviously she’s desperate, he’s not calling her, should I say something? I trust him, I won’t say anything.”
“Four hours later, we’re eating, I’m cool, I go hi, baby and everything is okay and then I go, ‘Who the hell is Elena?! You tell that Elena that I speak English and you can practice your English with me because she sent you a message.’”
But it turned out the text wasn’t from another woman at all – it was from language learning app ELSA. Salma remarked: “But don’t get it because his French accent is still very strong, so ELSA doesn’t work.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.