Strictly is already in its fourth week with the celebrity contestants starting to get to grips with their Latin and ballroom routines.
The previous week was quite the spectacle as Love Island's Tasha Ghouri wowed audiences with her poignant performance to Billie Eilish's What Was I Made For?, while Wynne Evans, known for his Go Compare adverts, had everyone laughing.
Unfortunately, it was time for singer Toyah Willcox to bid farewell to Strictly after her Movie Week performance to 'Poor Unfortunate Souls' from The Little Mermaid failed to impress.
As we head into week four on BBC One, fans are keen to see how the stars and their professional partners will fare this time.
Singer Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu performed the Cha Cha to 'Aint No Love' by Sub Sub featuring Melanie Williams, and while Motsi Mabuse praised Shayne for being "cool, calm and collected", she advised him to work on his arm movements.
Anton Du Beke encouraged him to "keep going" with his progress.
An emotional moment unfolded as Sarah Hadland revealed the special significance of Billie Eilish's 'Birds Of A Feather' to her family.
She and Vito Coppola delivered a Foxtrot that Shirley Ballas described as having "flawless" spins. Craig Revel Horwood thought she was "trying too hard" but acknowledged her as a "clean, clean dancer, which is spectacular."
DIY SOS presenter Nick Knowles was unable to perform his Charleston for Movie Week routine to Paddington 2's Rain On The Roof.
Motsi Mabuse praised Nick's return: "Some people stop the show and never return and I think it takes a lot of courage".
She described his performance as "tidy, readable, nice and smooth".
Anton Du Beke was also impressed, commenting that he "loved it" and praised the "timing as exquisite".
EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick impressed the crowd and particularly Shirley Ballas who stood up to applaud his salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar, Lucenzo, alongside Michelle Tsiakkas.
Shirley Ballas expressed her enjoyment, saying she "loved the joy you brought" and declared it his "best dance" so far, mentioning she was "proud" of him.
Craig Revel Horwood, however, hoped for more "figure of eight" hip movements but admitted: "all that aside, you are an incredible dancer."
Opera singer Wynne Evans then graced the dance floor with Katya Jones, performing a Tango to ABBA's Money, Money, Money.
Motsi Mabuse exclaimed: "This is why I love Strictly Come Dancing, this is why I love dancing", praising the "beautifully timed" performance and confessing she had been "waiting for this dance".
Anton Du Beke echoed her sentiments, stating it was "one of your best performances", commending Wynne's commitment "so committed to the whole concept from start to finish".
The Scottish TV doctor was elated to tackle the "lively" Jive to Lizzo's 2 Be Loved (Am I Ready) with her dance partner Gorka Marquez.
Motsi mused that the performance was inconsistent, noting "quite a few mistakes" but conceded that the latter part of the choreography was "really well done".
Shirley suggested that perhaps she had placed "a bit too much pressure" on herself this week, urging her to focus on the "back to the nitty gritty".
Former footballer Paul Merson, partnered with Karen Hauer, had faced last week's threat of elimination but returned determined, performing the Quickstep to Fred Astaire's I Won't Dance.
Anton expressed his admiration for Paul's comeback saying: "I take my hat off to you", acknowledging his serious approach to the competition.
Craig remarked on the need for improvement in areas such as "style, frame, gapping and heaviness", while also acknowledging "progression".
JLS favourite JB Gill brought his A-game to the dance floor alongside Amy Dowden, performing a sensual Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni, earning praise from the judges.
Motsi appreciated his attention to technique and the visible passion in his performance, with Anton commending him as a "good student" attentive to Amy's guidance.
Shirley was impressed with his "lovely figure of eight", remarking she "rather enjoyed it".
Comedian Chris McCausland and his partner Dianne Buswell brought a taste of Australia to the dance floor with their energetic Salsa routine to Men At Work's Down Under.
Shirley Ballas was blown away, giving a standing ovation and admitting she was left "speechless" by Chris's impressive lifts throughout the performance. She added: "I'm telling you from my heart, that was absolutely impressive."
However, Craig Revel Horwood brought things back down to earth, suggesting the routine "lacked a bit of flow", but jokingly described it as "bonza".
Meanwhile, Gladiator star Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe wowed the judges with their elegant Viennese Waltz to SZA's Nobody Gets Me. Anton Du Beke declared it his "favourite dance of the night", while Motsi Mabuse praised the pair for creating their own world on the dance floor.
Craig added: "It was elegant, it was grateful, it was gorgeous".
Olympic field hockey player Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin let loose with their Samba routine to Shakira's Hips Don't Lie. Shirley praised Sam's timing, but noted that she looked a little awkward in some positions.
Motsi wanted to see more Samba bounce, but remained enthusiastic, saying: "Damn girl, I love to see you on the dancefloor!"
Former The Only Way Is Essex star Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal took to the floor for the Quickstep to The Jam's Town Called Malice. Craig Revel Horwood humorously remarked that "hip rolls don't belong in any form of Quickstep" but admitted he "actually liked it".
Anton du Beke observed the stark presence of nerves, commenting that he could see "the voices in your head start screaming" when getting into hold, yet he remained confident in the contestant's "so much potential".
Ex-Love Islander Tasha Ghouri and her partner Aljaz Skorjanec scored an impressive 39 points for their Charleston, performed to a medley by Anne-Marie and Shania Twain.
Motsi Mabuse succinctly praised with just one word: "One word. Fab-u-lous! ", while Shirley Ballas concurred expressing her delight, stating: "What a way to end the show, I can't fault it."
Even though Craig Revel Horwood pointed out a couple of missed swivels, he still described the performance as "amazing" and Anton du Beke found nothing at fault.
Strictly Come Dancing continues every Saturday on BBC One and BBC iPlayer
OK! Strictly Come Dancing glossy magazine - This year Strictly Come Dancing celebrated 20 years of being the nation's favourite show. Relive the most iconic moments over two decades. Click here to buy
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.