Penn State’s Student Programming Association (SPA) and its lectures committee will host “In The Hot Seat” with “Hot Ones” host Sean Evans and Penn State alum and comedian Jared Freid for a “Hot Ones”-style interview on Thursday, March 14. 
The event will take place at 7 p.m. in Alumni Hall in the HUB.
Hot off the press!  Join Sean Evans and special guest Jared Freid for In The Hot Seat this Thursday, March 14th at 7PM in Alumni Hall! Get ready for this live interview featuring hot topics and even hotter wings  See you there! pic.twitter.com/224UEMw7mI
Sean Evans is best known for his role as the host of the popular YouTube show “Hot Ones,” in which he interviews celebrities while they eat increasingly spicy chicken wings.
Notable guests of his show include Shaquille O’Neal, Post Malone, Margot Robbie, and Billie Eilish. Evans is hailed as being an especially talented interviewer, as many “Hot Ones” guests applaud his questions and meticulous research.
Freid is a comedian, writer, and Penn State alum. Freid hosted the NBC game show “How Low Will You Go: Snapchat” and has performed standup comedy at notable clubs and theaters across the country.
Fried has been featured on “The Today Show,” “NFL Full Contact,” and “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.” In 2023, he released a comedy special on Netflix titled “Jared Freid: 37 & Single.”
Students don’t need to RSVP for the event. Entry to the lecture will be on a first-come, first-serve basis.
“In The Hot Seat” is free for Penn State students and funded by their student-initiated fee.
Please choose an option below.
Haylee is a 2024 graduate of Penn State with a degree in immunology and infectious disease. She relocated to Williamsport but will not be taking any questions about what’s next in her career. Haylee continues to be fueled by dangerous amounts of caffeine and dreams of smashing the patriarchy. Any questions or discussion about Taylor Swift’s best songs can be directed to @hayleeq8 on Twitter if you must.
“I’m earning a degree in finance, but I need to give writing a shot.”
Mohamed Toure and Amare Campbell have already heard from Penn State, but what other linebackers could join the Nittany Lions? 
“I have no insider ties to university leadership,  I’ve never been a rubber stamp for any organization.”
Δ
“Gripping on to the past, as comfortable as it may be, holds you back. It’s OK to let go, and it’s OK to begin moving forward.”
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State