The new mother gave a brief preview of her endless love anthem due out next week.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Halle Bailey is not mincing words in a preview of her upcoming single, “Because I Love You.” The Grammy-nominated Chloe x Halle singer, solo star and The Color Purple actress posted a 13-second preview of the song on Instagram on Wednesday (August 21) and the message is perfectly simple, the meaning transparently clear.

	“And it’s all because I love you, babe/ Love you babe, love you babe/ I love you babe, love you babe,” she sings breathily in the sneak peek that appeared to be delivered from the back seat of a moving car. As if to put a finer point on it, she adds, “I motherf–king love you babe/ Love you babe, love you babe/ Love you babe/ And it’s all because…”

	










	Bailey said in the caption — which included a bandaged heart emoji — that the single is out August 30. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The post was the first taste of new music since Bailey, 24, and partner rapper DDG shared the first picture of son Halo last month while the couple were on a European vacation with their six-month-old bundle of joy. She shared another series of too-cute snaps a week ago, when she twinned with Halo in Canadian tuxedos as she prepared for baby’s first concert experience: a Bruno Mars show. 

	The new mother has been keeping her musical chops sharp lately, including in a smoldering acoustic guitar cover of Sabrina Carpenter’s Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 summer smash “Please Please Please,” adding in some killer vocal runs, as well as an equally intense cover of Billie Eilish’s “Wildflower.”

	“Because I Love You” is the follow-up to “In Your Hands,” a ballad released in March that was accompanied by a video that ends with the singer cradling baby Halo in her arms and sweetly rocking him. “In Your Hands” was the second non-soundtrack solo release of Bailey’s career, follow on the heels of 2023’s “Angel,” which hit No. 6 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Songs chart.

	Halle’s name also showed up on the 16-song track list for sister Chlöe‘s upcoming sophomore album, Trouble in Paradise, where the siblings will team up on the song “Want Me” alongside Chlöe’s collabs with Ty Dolla $ign, Anderson .Paak, YG Marley and Jeremih.

	Watch the “Because I Love You” preview below.
A post shared by Halle Bailey (@hallebailey)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.