Just call these the ulta-mate beauty deals.
Ulta Beauty is offering up to 50% off a wide range of big-name beauty brands during its massive Cyber Monday sale, with new discounts dropping daily.
RELATED: Best Cyber Monday beauty deals
With so much beauty loot to sift through, we’ve spotlighted the top deals to start off your shopping on the right foot.
Shark’s multi-tasking hairstyling system is a hit with busy Bravolebs like Lisa Vanderpump, who recently told us it’s “fantastic.”
Tarte’s cult-favorite concealer’s shaped up to be a celebrity must-have. Shay Mitchell included it a Vogue guide to her 58-step beauty routine, while soccer star Ali Krieger recently told us it “has great coverage without feeling heavy, and it gives my skin a beautiful matte finish.”
Deck the halls with discounted beauty buys this season, including sets like this gift wrap-ready Nars duo. 
Few lipstick shades are as iconic as Black Honey, a plum-hued “your lips but better” formula that’s been a bestseller for decades.
“RHONY” alum Luann de Lesseps told us she uses this bronzer for “that sun-kissed look,” while Simone Biles swiped some on in place of eyeshadow in a pre-Olympics TikTok.
Brooke Shields is a longtime fan of Grande Cosmetics, having shouted out this serum multiple times over the years. 
“RHONY” alum Luann de Lesseps is equally obsessed, telling E! that she thinks it’s “the best product for lashes and brows.”
Rihanna’s Hella Thicc mascara may have launched earlier this year, but it’s already a fan favorite. It’s got hundreds of five-star reviews on Ulta Beauty’s website, with shoppers calling it “the best” and “absolutely gorgeous.”
Jennifer Aniston used this sculpting stick to perfect her sleek waves at the 2024 Emmys — but similar products have been part of her routine for far longer.
The formula was inspired by her time “Friends,” as she told Harper’s Bazaar, “We used a makeshift paste on set, and it would be the last thing we put in the hair … so it’s not so soft and bouncy, and gives it some texture.”
Elemis’ cleansing balm performs the functions of a makeup remover, moisturizer and cleanser all in one, earning it famous fans like Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Olaplex’s hair repair products have a long list of A-list fans, from Kim Kardashian to self-proclaimed “Olaplex nut” Billie Eilish. 
This might be It Cosmetics’ “It” product; Melissa Gorga’s obsessed, as are celebrity makeup artists like Monika Blunder, whose clients include Gemma Chan and Jessica Alba.

					Shop deals on YSL, Smashbox, Dyson and other beauty finds at Macy’s Black Friday sale.				

					Save on Dyson, La Mer, Augustinus Bader and other top beauty brands for Black Friday.				

					Score deals on brands like Olaplex, Dyson, Therabody and more at Nordstrom’s Black Friday sale.				
Yes! Many brands extended Cyber Week sales beyond December 2, but shop quickly before deals–and inventory–run out.
Right here, at Page Six! If you’re in the market for celebrity-worthy styles on a budget, luxury beauty and skincare for less, or gifts so good you’ll want to keep them for yourself, check out our expert-curated Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals for the best of the best.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.