Plus, check out Billboard's New Music Latin weekly playlist below!

New Music Latin is a compilation of the best new Latin songs and albums recommended by Billboard’s Latin and Billboard Español editors. Check out this week’s picks below.




	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ambik		
					






















	
		
					Elsa y Elmar		
					






















	
		
					Karol G		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Lenny Tavárez, Brillar (Kristoman/Warner Music Latina)

	Lenny Tavárez has unleashed his sophomore studio album, Brillar, three years after his debut set, Krack. With 16 tracks, Tavárez reeled in longtime collaborators Wisin, Feid, Prince Royce, Chencho Corleone, Ryan Castro, and Piso 21, to name a few. In true Tavárez fashion, and for the most part, the production delivers hard-hitting perreos and saucy reggaetóns, such as “Empelotica,” “Ojos Chinos” and “Mentí.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Brillar also showcases the Puerto Rican artist’s ability to navigate other genres outside of the Latin urban space. In “Tu Feo,” he teamed up with Prince Royce for a romantic bachata; “Pushi Pashi” and “Tu Piel” are back-to-back electronic tunes; and the Sergio George-assisted “El Yate” is a heartfelt salsa song. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	“I feel like I’m at a balanced moment,” Tavárez said in a press statement. “Doing what I want, writing what I want, without following anyone or anything. Trusting that every day I’m striving to be the best version of myself.”  — JESSICA ROIZ

L-Gante, Celda 4 (Warner Music Latina)

	As a reflection of his time in prison last year, Argentinian rapper Elian Ángel Valenzuela, artistically known as L-Gante, presents his ultra-personal and emotionally charged debut album Celda 4—the cell where he wrote and recorded music during the 100 days he was locked up. In 2023, Valenzuela was accused of making threats with a weapon and kidnapping a neighbor of his family after a fight at a nightclub, as reported by El País. Celda 4 is a captivating fusion of hip-hop, cumbia, reggaeton and trap, with old-school musical influences.

	This 13-track solo album is a fascinating immersion into the emerging ‘RKT’ genre, a local movement that seeks to merge cumbia with reggaetón. His lyrics vividly describe Argentine culture and life in marginalized neighborhoods: “For some, it’s nothing, but for others, it is a lot; we change the game, create a musical movement from the depths of the neighborhoods,” he reflects on the intro track “Sin 0.” The album’s focus track, “MVP,” showcases his exploration of hip-hop, a unique blend that L-Gante has coined as HHS or Hip Hop Sudaka, and sets the tone for the rest of the set. — INGRID FAJARDO











Luck Ra, Nicki Nicole, “Doctor” (Sony Music Latin)

	In a first collaborative effort, Argentine rapper Nicki Nicole and her fellow compatriot Luck Ra drop “Doctor.” Co-produced by Ramky and Tatool, the infectious track laces cumbia villera with norteño elements, backed by heavy percussion and a weeping accordion. In “Doctor,” Nicki and Luck reflect on a relationship that ended and has no chance of returning — but they still miss each other. “I don’t think of anyone who’s not you/ And there’s no doctor who can heal this pain,” goes the short-and-sweet chorus. The music video, filmed in the colonial streets of Buenos Aires, features the two artists, and an adorable old couple, flaunting their best cumbia-dancing skills. — J.R.

Elsa y Elmar, “Drogada de Emociones” (Sony Music México/Elmar Presenta)

	In her latest single “Drogada de Emociones,” Colombian artist Elsa y Elmar explores the universe of emotions that love awakens. The song, included in her new album PALACIO, combines the delicacy of her lyrics with a vocal interpretation that moves between vulnerability and charm. In the lyrics, Elsa offers us an intimate window into her emotional world, laying bare the euphoria and confusion of falling in love. “I’m drugged with emotions / With a laugh that I don’t know why / My heels bend / It’s that I look at you, and it can’t be me,” she sings, while the minimalist production allows her voice to shine in every note. — LUISA CALLE

Ambik, Origen (Grand Move Records/Warner Music Argentina)

	Just four months after being featured in Billboard’s On the Radar Latin, Ambik releases a six-track EP in which she skillfully fuses poignant lyrics with experimental sounds. At only 16, the Argentine singer-songwriter — the younger sister of star Tiago PZK — at times can remind of a young Billie Eilish in songs like the piano led “A Tu Espera” and “Cuidar de los Dos,” which offer vulnerable lyrics and an evocative sound with haunting vocals.

	










	On the focus track “Tenerte Otra Vez,” she sings over melancholic guitar melodies and a progressive bass line about a past relationship marred by her own insecurities. With lyrics that show a maturity beyond her years, she addresses themes like fear, destruction and loneliness in the more electronic “Caos,” before closing with the melancholic pop song “Gestos de Amor.” Origen is a solid debut EP in which Ambik demonstrates a clear vision of who she is as an artist.— SIGAL RATNER-ARIAS

Andrea Bocelli feat. Karol G, “Vivo Por Ella” (Decca Records/Sugar Music)

	Andrea Bocelli and Karol G team up to present a new duet titled “Vivo Por Ella,” reimagining one of his most celebrated songs, “Vivo Per Lei” (“I Live for Her”), originally featuring Spanish singer Marta Sánchez. In this revamped version, the classic piano is replaced with a mix of bowed (arco) and plucked (pizzicato) violin notes, lending a fresh pace that is slightly quicker than its ’90s predecessor. 

	This dynamic version expertly merges Bocelli’s powerful tenor with the vivid vocals of Colombian superstar Karol G, creating a compelling rendition that’s both fresh and nostalgic. Produced by David Foster and Ellis, this single is a highlight of Bocelli’s forthcoming album, Duets, due out Oct. 25. The album marks his 30th anniversary in music. — ISABELA RAYGOZA

Listen to more editors’ Latin recommendations in the playlist below:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.