Vitamin String Quartet will perform in Morristown on Feb. 13, 2025.Provided by American Music Theatre
Vitamin String Quartet is making classical music fun again.
After turning fan-favorite songs into classical covers for the hit Netflix series “Bridgerton,” it only made sense for the Quartet to bring it to live audiences.
They will begin their tour on Oct. 22, 2024 in Joliet, Ill. and will wrap up on Feb. 16, 2025 in Nashville.
While on tour, they will bring their classical renditions of modern songs to Morristown on Feb. 13, 2025 at the Mayo Performing Arts Center.
Besides songs from the series “Bridgerton,” VSQ will play several fan-favorite songs by Taylor Swift, which makes seeing them in concert even more exciting.
The quartet is also expected to play many other songs from popular artists. Based on last year’s tour, it could be anyone from The Weeknd, Billie Eilish, BTS and more.
Tickets are available to purchase on all secondary market sites, such as Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity, SeatGeek and Ticketmaster.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Vitamin String Quartet’s show dates is available here.
Vitamin String Quartet are not the only artists heading out on a massive tour.
Here are a few other upcoming tours you won’t want to miss: Janet Jackson, Missy Elliott, Usher and Twenty One Pilots.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices