Want to know more about Big Rig? Get his official bio, social pages and more!Full Bio
THE BEATLES: A One of a Kind Book
If you're looking for that unique gift for The Beatles fan in your life, then this could be the one, as more than 300 pages of typed legal documents related to their break-up are up for auction.
Denise Kelly of Dawsons auctioneers says, "I just couldn’t put them down until I had read every page. "As I read the minutes of meetings - notes which included discussions between the legal teams and accountants - I wondered how on earth they were going to sort everything out, and at times I could sense panic in the room as more and more complexities came to light. "One of the lawyers even suggested during one meeting when they had gone round and round and round in circles: ‘Would it be easier if The Beatles just retired?’ "[And] It has crossed my mind that if I were a script writer, these documents would be all I'd need to tell the real story of what led to one of the best-selling bands in history splitting up and going their separate ways."
The papers were recently discovered, but their whereabouts for 50+ years is unknown. The Beatles broke up in 1970, and it was made legal in 1974. They're expected to sell for between $6- and $10,000 when they're sold on December 12th in Maidenhead, England.
Vince Neil, Ace Frehley Teaming Up For Joint Show
Vince Neil and Ace Frehley are teaming up for a joint concert at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut. The Mötley Crüe frontman and former KISS guitarist will share the stage at the venue. That venue is huge by the way, with capacity for ten-thousand people! The concert itself is set for January 31st at 8PM. Tickets go on sale this Friday at 10AM local time. 
Gibson launches new Custom Shop VOS Jimmy Page 1969 EDS-1275 model – a meticulous recreation of the Led Zeppelin model
Gibson has released a new Custom Shop recreation of Jimmy Page's iconic 1969 EDS-1275 double-neck electric guitar. The guitar features meticulous details such as 3D scans of Page's original model, mahogany body and necks, and Custombucker pickups. Unlike the ultra-exclusive Collector's Edition model, the Custom Shop version has a VOS nitrocellulose lacquer finish and does not include Page's signature or personalized accessories. Priced at $9,999, the Gibson Jimmy Page EDS-1275 Doubleneck VOS '69 Cherry model is now available for purchase.
Steely Dan's "Katy Lied" Getting 50th Anniversary Vinyl Reissue
Steely Dan’s 1975 album “Katy Lied” is getting re-released on vinyl for the first time in forty years as the 50th anniversary approaches! The album was remastered from the original analog tapes. It will be available as a limited edition premium 45-RMP version on Ultra High-Quality Vinyl, as well as a Super Audio CD. “Katy Lied” is the fourth studio album from Steely Dan. The “Katy Lied” re-issue is due out on January 31st.
Sean Ono Lennon: My parents never 'really broke up'
Sean Ono Lennon recently discussed his father John Lennon's lasting impact on his mother Yoko Ono, revealing that she "never has moved on from that relationship." During an interview on BBC Radio 6 Music, Sean shared insights about his parents while working on the special box set release of John Lennon's 1973 album 'Mind Games'. He highlighted the deep connection between his parents, emphasizing that even during their separation, they remained in touch and John's love for Yoko was evident in his work. Sean described the 'Mind Games' box set as a "love letter" to his parents and expressed his commitment to honoring his father's music and legacy. Additionally, Sean was nominated for a Grammy Award for overseeing the production of the 'Mind Games' reissue.
STEVE PERRY: Don't Stop Believin' in Farmers
With yesterday being Giving Tuesday, Steve Perry stepped up to help the American farmer.
He said, "I am going to donate 100% of the proceeds from my online merchandise store at StevePerry.com to Farm Aid, up to $30,000. "Coming from a farm family myself, I know that Farm Aid works tirelessly to support family farmers across this country. By shopping at my store this Giving Tuesday, you’ll not only pick up something special but also be helping a wonderful worthy cause." Perry grew up in Hanford, California in the agriculturally rich San Joaquin Valley.
KISS: Dancing Kings?
Gene Simmons admits he doesn't know how to describe the avatar show KISS are working on, but that's not stopping him from talking about it. On a recent music podcast, he said, "It'll be seen around the world. And I'll try to describe it. When you put on virtual glasses, you get a 360-degree experience. Wherever you turn your head, you're in that universe; you're in a parallel universe, if you will. You could be in the land of dinosaurs or falling off a cliff or you pick your head up to the sky and you see the sky. And you lower your chin and you look like a chasm with your feet falling. So you actually believe, to the extent that you shut off your mind, that you're actually in that world. Now imagine not wearing glasses and having that experience."
Asked how it stacks up against ABBA's avatar show, Voyage, he said it will "totally blow [it] away... Technology is growing by leaps and bounds… The future is here. Artificial Intelligence now fixes itself and teaches itself. And so the technology has advanced by leaps and bounds even where the ABBA show was. You could swear ABBA was live on stage, but you have to look straight forward. If you look to the left or right, you can see your neighbor sitting behind you or next to you. And so you have that kind of, 'Oh, this is reality. And what's on stage looks like reality.' But as you know, with 3D glasses, virtual glasses, your sense of what's real and what's not is skewed. So there's all that."
No word on when the show will be ready. Until then, Simmons continues to tour with his solo band, with more dates scheduled for the spring.
Gene Simmons Thinks No One Under 20 Could Name a Single Nirvana Or Pearl Jam Song
Gene Simmons thinks the new generations of music lovers aren't able to name a single song by some alternative rock superstars. Simmons made his comment during a recent appearance on a music podcast to back up his argument that rock is dead. He pointed out that in the 30 years between 1958 and 1988 there were many global superstars and even if you didn't like rock music you still knew who The Beatles and the Rolling Stones were.Now, he says if you walk down the street, no one under 20 would know the members of Pearl Jam or Nirvana, unless they're a fan. Simmons' beliefs come after his son questioned a young woman on the street about her Rolling Stones T-shirt. She said she had never heard of the band and thought Mick Jagger was a serial killer.
RITCHIE BLACKMORE: Grumpy Old Guitarist
Former Deep Purple and Rainbow guitarist Ritchie Blackmore, in a new episode of his YouTube series, Tales From the Tavern, says he can't relate to today's music. "I obviously don't listen to the radio in America where they're playing the latest, whatever it is. I suppose as we progress and change generations, I cannot relate to what they would play on the radio here, and I don't listen to rock and roll so much anymore. I listen to the old rock from the '50s when it was fresh -- Elvis Presley, Scotty Moore, James Burton with Ricky Nelson, The Everly Brothers -- love all that stuff [with] Buddy Holly being my favorite at the time of course.
"I feel like an old granddad you know, complaining about the music they're playing on the radio at the moment. I feel that back in the '70s when Eric Clapton was playing with Cream and that stuff it was thoughtful music you would listen to... "I'd rather hear talk radio about who's the latest president you know and stuff like that..." 
But he adds that he understands why today's music is so popular. "That's probably as great to them as The Beatles and Cream and Jimi Hendrix was to me so I can't really complain, but I do like to complain and I will complain and I think the crap that they're playing on the radio today is bloody awful." Blackmore not only doesn't listen to rock music, but he no longer plays it, concentrating instead on Renaissance music with his band Blackmore's Night featuring his wife, Candice Night.
Iron Maiden Mobile Game Legacy Of The Beast Is Shutting Down After 8 Years
Iron Maiden's "Legacy of The Beast" game is shutting down after eight years.   The developer, Neverender Games, says it's being pulled from app stores so they can focus on future Iron-Maiden related projects. The company will be hosting activities during the game's final weeks, including in-game giveaways and rewarding players for their "loyalty and dedication." "Legacy of The Beast" will no longer be playable or downloadable after December 31st of this year.
The 2024 edition of Sick New World festival is being canceled. 
In a statement posted to the festival's website, the organizers said the event is no longer taking place in Las Vegas due to "unforeseen circumstances" that they're unable to overcome. Sick New World was scheduled for April 12th, 2025. Metallica and Linkin Park were announced as the headliners.
Hear Slash and Duff McKagan's Heavy New Charity Single, 'I Can Breathe'
Gibson CEO Cesar Gueikian has released a new single titled "I Can Breathe" under the artist name Gibson Band, featuring Guns N' Roses members Slash and Duff McKagan. The song aims to raise money for the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) through the Gibson Gives foundation. The track, which was shortened from its original 12-minute demo, features bluesy guitar licks from Slash and lyrics by McKagan. Proceeds from the single will be donated to NAMI, with auctions for a painting by Serj Tankian and a Les Paul Guitar with signatures from all involved also taking place.
The Offspring's Dexter Holland believes AI is "here to stay"
The Offspring frontman Dexter Holland believes that AI is here to stay and acknowledges the anxiety it can cause. He and bandmate Noodles discussed the potential uses of AI in music, with Holland joking about using it to avoid being present. Musicians like Cradle Of Filth's Dani Filth have expressed concerns about AI being soulless, while others, including Radiohead's Thom Yorke and ABBA's Björn Ulvaeus, have signed a statement against using creatives' work to train AI models. The ongoing debate over the use of AI in music continues, with artists like Billie Eilish and Stevie Wonder warning against its predatory use.
Vince Neil, Ace Frehley Teaming Up For Joint Show 
Vince Neil and Ace Frehley are teaming up for a joint concert at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut. The Mötley Crüe frontman and former KISS guitarist will share the stage at the venue. That venue is huge by the way, with capacity for ten-thousand people! The concert itself is set for January 31st at 8PM. Tickets go on sale this Friday at 10AM local time
Breaking Benjamin, Staind Announce Joint 2025 Tour
Breaking Benjamin and Staind have announced their co-headlining 2025 tour, and it’s going to be huge. The 20-city Awaken The Fallen Tour will start on April 26th in Brandon, Mississippi and run through June 1st in Kansas City, Missouri. Presales for tickets started yesterday through Ticketmaster, and general sales will start at 10 am local time on Friday.
Pierce The Veil Reveals 2025 Tour Plans
The name of Pierce The Veil’s “I Can’t Hear You Tour” is wrong, since fans will have 46 chances across North America, Europe, and Latin America to hear them live in concert. The San Diego rockers kick things off May 13th in Charlotte, North Carolina, and wrap up the NA portion of their tour in Las Vegas on June 29th. After that, it’s off to Europe, and if there’s one thing that’s sure it’s that tickets won’t last long. Presales started yesterday for the US and Canada dates
Band forced to cancel Glasgow Hydro show over lead singers criminal past
Falling In Reverse have cancelled their UK tour as frontman Ronnie Radke's visa application was denied due to his past prison time. The Popular Monstour 2: World Domination tour was set to start in Manchester on December 4 but will be postponed to next year as they work to resolve the visa issue. Refunds are available for ticketholders, and the band plans to continue with their March 2025 dates in Australia. Radke's past involvement in a 2006 altercation in Nevada led to a probation sentence and subsequent prison time, resulting in the visa denial.
This Wholesome Streaming Family Film Traumatized Rob Zombie as a Child: "It STILL seems freaky"
Rob Zombie recently revealed that the film that traumatized him as a child was "The Wizard of Oz," specifically the flying monkeys with the witch. This unexpected response sheds light on Zombie's childhood fears and highlights the lasting impact of the classic film. Despite his reputation for creating horror films, Zombie's own childhood fear stemmed from a seemingly innocent movie. The revelation offers a unique perspective on the influence of cinema on young audiences and the lasting effects of childhood fears. "The Wizard of Oz" continues to captivate audiences and evoke strong emotions, showcasing its enduring impact on viewers of all ages.
KILLSWITCH ENGAGE Guitarist ADAM DUTKIEWICZ And Ex-Singer HOWARD JONES Announce Name Of New Project
Former KILLSWITCH ENGAGE singer Howard Jones and guitarist Adam Dutkiewicz have formed a new project called BURN ETERNAL, with their debut LP recently mixed after two years of work. The duo shared a photo on social media, announcing the completion of the album and thanking fans for their patience. Adam revealed that they are almost ready to release a single, but the full record may take longer due to his commitments with KILLSWITCH ENGAGE. Howard Jones, who previously battled mental health issues, discussed his return to music and the challenges he faced during his time away from the industry.
IN OTHER NEWS
A special screening of the new documentary Beatles ’64 will be held this Thursday at the Paley Center for Media in New York. David Tedeschi, the film’s director, will be on hand for a panel discussion afterwards. The film is streaming on Disney+.
Three of the late Robert Palmer’s albums – 1999’s Rhythm & Blues, 2001’s Live at the Apollo, and his last, 2003’s Drive – will be released on vinyl for the first time on February 14th. They will also be reissued on CD and digitally the same day. Palmer died of a heart attack on September 26th, 2003. He was 54.
War will release a live album from the vaults on February 7th. Live in Japan 1974 is the first concert album to feature all seven original members in over 50 years. 
Jerry Harrison and Adrian Belew are taking their Talking Heads' Remain in Light tribute show to Europe for the first time. It'll run from May 18th in Stockholm, Sweden through June 7th in 
London.
Lenny Kravitz will perform on Dick Clark's New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest.
Eric Clapton, who has done more than 200 shows at London’s Royal Albert Hall, will return there for three more in May – the 21st, 23rd and 24th – plus one in Nottingham, England on the 18th.