*Warning: Contains spoilers for Episode 5 of Agatha All Along*
Disney+ series Agatha All Along left fans stunned after a jaw-dropping twist in the latest episode put Joe Locke's character Teen at the centre of a dramatic turn of events.
The WandaVision spin-off show delves into the life of witch Agatha Harkness, portrayed by Kathryn Hahn, now settling into her role as a detective after being trapped in the town of Westview by Wanda Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen). When a body turns up, she embarks on a quest to break free from the spell that has confined her and regain her powers.
In Episode 5, released on October 9, audiences were gripped by the pivotal moment confirming what many had speculated about for weeks.
In the latest instalment, titled 'Darkest Hour, Wake Thy Power', Agatha was able to regain her magic by siphoning power from Alice during an intense trial. The consequences lead to Alice's death which prompts Teen to renounce his support for Agatha before confronting her directly, reports the Mirror.
"So that's what it means to be a witch? Killing people to serve your own agenda?" Teen says to Agatha, only to be met with her cryptic retort, "Are you sure? You're so much like your mother." This exchange hints that Agatha might have already deduced Teen's hidden lineage.
Teen's fingertips begin to crackle with blue magic as he is visibly upset by the conversation. He seems to take control of Jen and Lilia, who didn't share his anger towards Agatha, and has her thrown into the mud. She quickly sinks, followed swiftly by Jen and Lilia under Teen's influence.
The scene then broadens to reveal Teen wearing a crown as Billie Eilish's 'You Should See Me in a Crown' plays in the background. The crown is a subtle reference to the one worn by Wanda Maximoff, suggesting that Teen is actually her son, Billy Maximoff, who later becomes the superhero Wiccan in the Marvel comics.
Billy is a significant character in the Marvel universe. He is part of the Young Avengers and is celebrated as a queer icon, eventually falling in love with and marrying his teammate Hulking.
This revelation has left viewers of the show shocked, with many calling the twist "literally insane". One fan, who claimed to have already figured out the twist, took to X, formerly known as Twitter, to share their reaction.
"The fact we knew who Teen was and the reveal was still shocking, great ending by the writers and director," they posted. Another shared: "This episode was so insane."
However, one viewer speculated that the scene might not be as straightforward as it seems. "Watch this be misdirect. Nicholas Scratch's spirit was just hanging around, then Agatha says Teen is like his mother, NS could have possessed Teen, so she could be referring to herself rather than Wanda/Wiccan like we think," they suggested.
New episodes of Agatha All Along are available each Wednesday on Disney+
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.