By 

	Daniel Kreps


	The music world, like the entirety of the United States, was stunned to learn of President Joe Biden’s decision to not seek re-election Sunday, with many artists turning to social media immediately after to thank Biden for his service and his decision, or throw their support behind Vice President Kamala Harris.

Cher was among those conflicted by Biden’s decision, saying she “loved” Joe while also recognizing he was unlikely to defeat Donald Trump come Election Day. “In my heart I’m tortured, because I don’t believe the Democrats can win the Presidency with ‘Pres Biden’ ‘Joe’ whom I’ve loved since we met in 2008,” Cher wrote. “I campaigned for him I believe it’s time to pass the baton, time for dems to think ‘way’ outside the box. Maybe even a split ticket.”
In my heart im tortured, Because I Don’t believe the Democrats Can win the Presidency With”Pres Biden” “Joe”whom I’ve Loved since we met in 2008.ICampaigned for him I believe ITS TIME 2 PASS THE BATON. TIME 4 DEMS 2 THINK “ WAY” OUTSIDE THE BOX. MAYBE EVEN A SPLIT TICKET

Barbra Streisand thanked Biden for what he accomplished while he was in office, “Joe Biden will go down in history as a man who accomplished significant achievements in his 4 year term. We should be grateful for his upholding of our democracy.”

	









Joe Biden will go down in history as a man who accomplished significant achievements in his 4 year term. We should be grateful for his upholding of our democracy.

	On Instagram, Ariana Grande re-posted Biden’s own post endorsing Harris as his replacement in the coming presidential election:
Ariana Grande reshares Joe Biden’s post endorsing Kamala Harris to be the Democratic pick for the presidential election. pic.twitter.com/imEhVkDxIp

	John Legned praised Biden for his policies on college debt reduction, climate change and other issues, but added that “time and age come for us all.” “I’m grateful for the grace and patriotism he has shown by choosing to step aside for the sake of the country. I’m so ready to work to help unite the pro-democracy coalition to reject Trump’s authoritarian, oppressive Project 2025 and elect Kamala Harris as our President.” 
A post shared by John Legend (@johnlegend)

	Cardi B also threw her support immediately behind Harris, as did Lil Nas X:
AHAHAHAHA LETS GOOOOO I TOLD YALLL KAMALA WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE 2024 candidate…..STOP FCKIN PLAYIN WITH ME !!!!!!! https://t.co/IAJO5yo79r

Finneas also posted on Instagram following the Biden news, sharing a photo of himself, sister Billie Eilish and family with Biden in the Oval Office. “I see a person putting the people before themselves and their pride today, and for that, I have an enormous amount of respect,” the singer wrote.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	







A post shared by FINNEAS (@finneas)

	Charli XCX kept it short and sweet with a simple message: “Kamala IS brat.” (Harris would subsequently follow the musician on Instagram and Twitter and change her Twitter banner to “Kamala HQ” in the “Brat” graphic.
kamala IS brat

	Finally, Lizzo summed up our nation’s collective WTF on Instagram:
A post shared by Lizzo (@lizzobeeating)
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.