Netflix users are begging horror fans to watch one particular “super creepy” film.
Film fans gathered in the Netflix Bangers group on Facebook after one person wrote: “‘Talk To Me,’ a must watch for horror movie lovers.” Down in the comments, members rushed to share their thoughts on the flick as someone added: “This was super creepy.”
“Absolutely was obsessed with this film, must see at least once,” urged another Facebook user as one person added: “Yes. This was good.” An eager comment read: “Was actually pretty good,” a second fan chimed in: “This is insanely scary,” while a third gushed: “Yeah, was super good.”
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Billie Eilish sparks concern over bite marks and bruises after posing in bikini
“This was good, they were trying to show us that we aren’t truly communicating with relatives that have [passed] on,” explained one Netflix Bangers member. Talk To Me is a horror film, released back in 2022 and starring Sophie Wilde, Zoe Terakes, Miranda Otto, Joe Bird, Alexandra Jensen and Otis Dhanji.
On A24’s website, the official description of the film reads: “When a group of friends discover how to conjure spirits using an embalmed hand, they become hooked on the new thrill until one of them goes too far and unleashes terrifying supernatural forces.”
The Netflix synopsis explains that the teens become embroiled in a “rowdy, risky party game” but once they break the rules, there is “no going back”. The horror was widely praised by cinemagoers and critics, with an overall Rotten Tomatoes score of 7.7/10.
“With a gripping story and impressive practical effects, Talk To Me spins a terrifically creepy 21st century horror yarn built on classic foundations,” reads the website’s consensus. Elsewhere in Netflix news, streamers have been left “disgusted” over one controversial comedian’s new TV special.
It was recently announced that Joe Rogan’s Burn The Boats will be landing on the platform on 3 August, while many unimpressed Netflix users flocked to social media to slam the service and admit they will be boycotting the show.
Someone on X/Twitter typed: “Don’t really want to watch anything with a pseudoscience platforming idiot who also spreads general bigotry,” while another furious person added: “Is…is Netflix trying to lose sub[scribers]?”
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.