The 96th Academy Awards will be hosted for the fourth time by Jimmy Kimmel on March 10. 
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Grab some popcorn, because it's almost time for the 2024 Oscars.

 Hollywood's biggest night will be hosted by Jimmy Kimmel on March 10, and will see some of the biggest films of the last year — including Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer, Yorgos Lanthimos' Poor Things, Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon, and Greta Gerwig's Barbie — all go head-to-head to (hopefully) take home some seriously shiny hardware.

 As for who will win big? Well, that's decided upon by the more than 10,000 members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences over the course of a four-month-long voting process. Final voting for this year's ceremony was held from Feb. 22 until Feb. 27. 

 EW has you covered for everything you need to know ahead of the Oscars, including who's nominated, who's performing, and how you can tune in. Learn more below.

Taylor Hill/FilmMagic; Kevin Mazur/Getty Images; Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images
 The 96th Academy Awards will be held on Sunday, March 10, at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT at the Dolby Theatre at Ovation Hollywood in Los Angeles.

 The awards ceremony will air live on ABC. It is also available stream live on ABC's website and on the ABC app for cable subscribers.

 There are two of them, actually! ABC will kick off its coverage with Countdown to Oscars: On the Red Carpet Live! pre-show from 1:00 - 4:00 p.m. ET/10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. PT on Sunday. The network will then broadcast its official Oscars Red Carpet Show, hosted by Vanessa Hudgens and Julianne Hough, beginning at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT and leading all the way up to the main event.

 Jimmy Kimmel is set to host the Oscars for the fourth time after previously helming the ceremony in 2017, 2018. and again in 2023. He ties Whoopi Goldberg and the late Jack Lemmon, who have similarly anchored the show four times. In a press statement, Kimmel quipped, "I always dreamed of hosting the Oscars exactly four times."

 Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer received the most nominations with 13 overall nods, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor (Cillian Murphy), Best Supporting Actor (Robert Downey Jr.), and Best Supporting Actress (Emily Blunt). It's followed closely behind by Yorgos Lanthimos' Poor Things, which received 11 nominations, and Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon, which earned 10. Meanwhile, Greta Gerwig's Barbie garnered eight nominations — even though its director and lead actress were both shockingly shut out from their respective categories.

 Other highlights include Killers of the Flower Moon star Lily Gladstone making history by becoming the first Native American woman to be nominated in the Best Actress category, as well as cousins Sterling K. Brown and Danielle Brooks earning their first-ever career nominations for their work in American Fiction and The Color Purple, respectively. Plus, did we mention six couples are up for awards together this year, too? You can check out the full list of Oscar nominees here.

 On Tuesday, the Oscars announced that Emily Blunt, Cynthia Erivo, America Ferrera, Sally Field, Ryan Gosling, Ariana Grande, Ben Kingsley, Melissa McCarthy, Issa Rae, Tim Robbins, Steven Spielberg, Mary Steenburgen, Anya Taylor-Joy, Charlize Theron, Christoph Waltz, and Forest Whitaker will all present at the event.

 The 16 actors join a star-studded list of already announced presenters that includes Michelle Pfeiffer, Al Pacino, Michelle Yeoh, Jamie Lee Curtis, Brendan Fraser, Ke Huy Quan, Mahershala Ali, Nicolas Cage, Jessica Lange, Matthew McConaughey, Lupita Nyong’o, Sam Rockwell, Zendaya, Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth, Dwayne Johnson, Michael Keaton, Regina King, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate McKinnon, Rita Moreno, John Mulaney, Catherine O’Hara, Octavia Spencer, and Ramy Youssef.

 In addition to presenting, Gosling, McKinnon, Ferrera, Rae, Blunt, and Youssef starred in films that were nominated for Best Picture this year. The first four stars all appeared in Barbie together (Rae also appeared in Best Picture nominee American Fiction and Best Animated Feature nominee  Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse), while Youssef played scientist Max McCandles in Poor Things and Blunt starred as Kitty in Oppenheimer. The list of presenters also sets the stage for some potential big-screen reunions, like Pfeiffer and Pacino for Scarface, Fraser and Quan for Encino Man, and O’Hara and Keaton for Beetlejuice.

 All of the Best Original Song nominees will perform at the Oscars including Becky G, who will turn up the heat with her single "The Fire Inside" from Eva Longoria's directorial debut Flamin' Hot. Jon Batiste is also set to sing his track "It Never Went Away" from his documentary American Symphony, and Scott George and the Osage Singers will perform "Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)" from Killers of the Flower Moon. Both of Barbie's tracks will also take center stage, with Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas O'Connell performing "What Was I Made For?" and Ryan Gosling and Mark Ronson channeling their Kenergy for "I'm Just Ken."

 Check out more from EW's The Awardist, featuring exclusive interviews, analysis, and our podcast diving into all the highlights from the year's best films, TV, and music.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)