E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Deadlines:


Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:00pm, Call 610-915-2226


(Proofs will be provided for accuracy only, they will not be styled/formatted like the finished product)


Obituaries submitted on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays are accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. by email only Obit@delcotimes.com


(No proofs will be furnished. Pricing will not be available until the next business day after 10:00am by calling Dianne at 610-915-2226)


Obituaries received after Deadline will not be published in the following edition of the paper.


Sending Procedure:


Email is the preferable method for receiving Obituaries (and the only method on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays), they can be sent to Obit@delcotimes.com (Feel free to call and confirm that we’ve received the email)


Formatting:


Obituaries will continue to visually look the same as they currently do, but you will no longer be restricted in what you can say (ex. As much Family can be listed as you’d like; Wording like “Went to rest with the Lord” is now permissible)


Other:


There is a cost for each obituary. Pricing and payments are only available Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:00 pm. All weekend and holiday submissions will be provided a cost the next business day.


Exceptions:


All New accounts, Out of State Funeral Homes and Private Parties will require prepayment upon approval of the obituary. Weekend and Holiday staff are not authorized to set up a new account or process payments


Deadline for the above is before 4:00 PM Mon – Fri. only (Holiday schedules may vary).


Prepayment required submissions will be handled on the very first business day following the weekend and/or holiday schedule. A complete name, address and best contact phone number are required upon submittal of your obituary request to set up your account. A proof will then be emailed for review but placed on hold until payment is received.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
By Maria Pownall, for the Daily Times
For more than 40 years, Duran Duran has been bringing its special fusion of pop, funk and disco to fans around the world.
During those four decades, the band has reinvented themselves countless times as members left, formed side projects, released solo records, and eventually returned to the group.
Duran Duran began their ascent in the early ’80s as New Romantic pioneers riding the British New Wave. In a short time, their unique sound and intriguing looks landed them in heavy rotation on MTV, where they became stars in lavish music videos shot in exotic locations around the world.
As their popularity surged, they became known as the “Fab Five,” yet were often written off by music critics.
Undeterred, the band forged ahead creatively, supported by their loyal fan community. In the early 1990s, Duran Duran experienced a critical resurgence and has since enjoyed a steady rise in artistic appreciation, which culminated with their induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2022.
The band is currently on tour in support of their 16th studio album, “Danse Macabre.”
The album is a perfect soundtrack for the Halloween season, a collection of original material, moody reinterpretations of deep cuts, and darker covers from artists such as the Rolling Stones, Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Specials, and Billie Eilish.
On Oct. 26, the band brought their spooky, neon-soaked energy to the Borgata Event Center in Atlantic City.
Nearly 2,400 fans were decked out in band T-shirts, fan-made fashions, and ’80s-inspired Halloween costumes, ready to sing and dance to the songs that have been part of the soundtracks of their lives.
When the first notes of “Velvet Newton” came over the speakers, teenagers, moms, dads — yes, it’s cool for dads to like Duran Duran now — and card-carrying members of the AARP crowd got out of their seats and began cheering.
As the band emerged from the shadows, fans erupted, eager to be transported back to a simpler time when bedroom walls were covered with Duran
Duran posters and devotion was measured by who had the best collection of the band’s 12-inch U.K. import remixes on vinyl.
As expected, Duran Duran served up hit after hit, with classics like “The Wild Boys,” “Hungry Like the Wolf,” “A View to a Kill,” “Notorious,” and “Planet Earth.”
Although singer Simon Le Bon dropped lyrics toward the end of “The Reflex,” the crowd didn’t seem to mind because finding joy in the unexpected is exactly what a Duran Duran concert is all about.
The fans happily filled in the gap, singing the tune in unison, but slightly off-key.
Midway through the set, backing singer Anna Ross came to the front of the stage for the ’90s duet “Come Undone.” Always a concert highlight, Ross’ powerful voice soared with the deep sense of yearning that makes the ballad so intense and affecting.
A few songs later, Le Bon dedicated the slower, contemplative “Ordinary World” to people around the globe struggling to live in peace.
Peppered throughout the show were moodier tracks from “Danse Macabre,” including reimagined versions of “Night Boat” and “New Moon on Monday.”
The band also covered songs such as Cerrone’s “Supernature,” Siouxsie and the Banshees’ “Spellbound,” the Rolling Stones’ “Paint it Black,” Classics IV “Spooky,” and their current single, a synth-soaked rendition of ELO’s “Evil Woman.”
Because the band has always been a visual media pioneer, Duran Duran concerts are as much a feast for the eyes as the ears.
The stage show featured haunting graphics of menacing vampires, witchy women and supernatural spirits that elevated the Halloween atmosphere.
These were often blended with repurposed iconic images from some of the videos that made them MTV vanguards, including “The Wild Boys,” “Union of the Snake” and “Come Undone.”
As the set twisted toward the finale, Le Bon told the crowd that keyboardist Nick Rhodes wanted to take our picture. Rhodes grabbed his camera and put the audience in focus, but diehard fans knew the repetitive click of the flash meant only one thing: the slinky, sexy dance club anthem “Girls on Film” was only a few seconds away.
Two minutes later, the song took a quick turn into the Talking Heads’ “Psycho Killer,” with frenzied fans chanting the iconic “better run, run, run, run, run away” refrain.
After the band left the stage, the crowd began singing “Happy Birthday” to Le Bon, whose turned 66 the next day. “Happy Birthday” signs, shirts and hats were everywhere as fans were eager to celebrate the singer whose voice and poetic, personal lyrics continue to move their hearts as well as their feet.
The band’s encore featured a singalong of their hit ballad “Save a Prayer,” complete with hundreds of swaying phone flashlights illuminating the arena.
Crowd favorite, “Rio,” closed the show, with all the saxophones and Patrick Nagel-inspired imagery that made the song an instant classic in 1982.
Whether playfully interacting with one another on the stage or calling on the audience to sing, cheer, or clap, the band members delivered an energetic, engaging 90-minute show.
Le Bon’s showmanship deftly alternated between silly and serious, according to each song’s vibe.
The self-proclaimed “dark synth lord” keyboard genius, Nick Rhodes, manned the keys with unmatched virtuosity. The rhythm section was anchored by Roger Taylor’s ever-dependable drumming and bassist John Taylor’s intuitive ability to work the stage with equal amounts of down-to-business purpose and boyish charm.
Rounding out the group was Dom Brown, who has been the band’s lead guitarist for the past 20 years, bringing equal amounts of intensity and passion to every song in the band’s vast catalog.
Fans at the Borgata came to celebrate Halloween and walked away with more treats than they bargained for, including a night of priceless, but not careless, memories.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group