Get the latest shopping news straight to your inbox
We have more newsletters
Get the latest shopping news straight to your inbox
We have more newsletters
A certain guitar riff six songs into Johnny Marr's set took the roof off the Liverpool Olympia. 
The former Smiths guitarist's 'Spirit Power' tour marks his first decade as a solo artist and it made its Liverpool stop at the Kensington venue on Saturday (April 6). The 60-year-old Mancunian delivered a boisterous night, driven by his unrivalled skill on the guitar.
After opening with his electronic-inspired 2022 single 'Sensory Street', Marr immediately upped the ante with Smiths classic 'Panic'. Hearing the iconic chords come from Marr's guitar is simply mesmeric, throwing you head first into some of the greatest songs even written.
READ MORE: Red Rum Club and their hometown audience all seemed to feel the same as the lights came back on
READ MORE: I went to the world famous circus that had the audience on the edge of their seats
After a run of tracks from his solo career, including the punchy standout 'Spirit Power and Soul', it was the sixth song - The Smiths' 'This Charming Man' - which brought a reaction akin to a goal celebration. Marr worked his magic on the guitar and brought the audience under his spell.
 For my money, Marr is one of, if not the best, living guitarists. Hearing him play those famous riffs in person is one of the greatest adverts for live music.
It looks truly effortless for Marr but it is utterly spellbinding to watch and hear. Noel Gallagher's description of his fellow Mancunian as a "wizard" couldn't be more accurate.
However, The Olympia's joyous reaction to 'This Charming Man' underlined a truth that you can't really get away from at a gig like this - most people were there for songs by The Smiths. It is the same if you see Noel or Liam Gallagher - you're really there for the Oasis tracks, as good as their solo work can be. 
But I don't think there's any shame in that. Leaving Morrissey's political views to one side for now - The Smiths are, for me, one of the greatest bands of all time. Hearing someone directly responsible for that brilliance play their music is quite the experience.
Marr formed The Smiths with Morrissey in 1982. The pair spent seven years making music together, with Marr's jangly 60s-style guitar as central to the band's sound as Morrissey's vulnerable and melodic vocals.
It would be unfair to say, however, that there has not been life after The Smiths for Marr. He was later part of the supergroup Electronic with New Order's Bernard Sumner and has recorded with Noel Gallagher, Billie Eilish, Hans Zimmer, Talking Heads and Pet Shop Boys. His solo career has also seen all four of his albums chart in the top 10, with single 'Easy Money' becoming a real indie anthem.
Saturday's very strong setlist made use of Marr's entire back catalogue but was at its best when he played the classics. He more than copes with The Smiths' vocals, avoiding a Morrissey imitation, while comfortable to strut around the stage in that 'Madchester' manner. With the crowd chanting "Johnny f***ing Marr" between songs, who can blame him? 
Marr enjoyed some back and forth with those in attendance. Marr told the Olympia: "Saturday night in Liverpool, I am honoured" before giving a nod to our city's fine musical heritage.
"It's nerve-wracking, not just because I'm a Mancunian but because I think all of you can play", he told the sold-out theatre. "Hands up those of you who weren't in The La's".
As the gig proceeded, a beautiful rendition of 'Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want' stopped the audience in its tracks. Marr's acoustic playing shone and his vocals captured the song's acute pain.
The high-octane 'Easy Money' was a fan favourite while 'Bigmouth Strikes Again' and 'How Soon Is Now' gave Marr yet more opportunities to show off quite how good he is - his extended guitar solos were simply superb, an effortless display of brilliance. 
An appropriately peppy cover of Iggy Pop's 'The Passenger' began an encore which brought the house down as it finished with 'There Is a Light That Never Goes Out'. Marr was in his element and had the crowd eating out of the palm of his hand. 
Manchester City fan Marr left the stage telling the Liverpool fans in the audience: "You have my permission to stick it to United tomorrow". It may not be what City's title hopes need, but it's clear that he had been charmed by an adoring Liverpool crowd.
The Liverpool Daily Post newsletter delves into the biggest stories on Merseyside
Win £100 shopping voucher to celebrate the return of Aldi’s Next Big Thing