Playing For Change Foundation (PFCF), esteemed for amplifying local impact zones through music and community support, is rallying behind 12-year-old Frances Gourley. Frances, the daughter of John Gourley and Zoe Manville of the band Portugal. The Man, is battling the one in a billion genetic disease DHDDS. Starting on Wednesday, February 28, 2024, PFCF will host the Playing For Frances charity auction, which will feature collectible items and one-of-a-kind experiences donated directly from legendary artists and celebrities, with proceeds going to help find a cure for DHDDS.
In 2021, Frances was diagnosed with DHDDS, an ultra-rare illness shared by only 70 people worldwide. Since then, the preteen has begun to experience acute DHDDS symptoms that will progressively worsen. She suffers from epilepsy, full body tremors, lack of muscle control in her arms and legs, photosensitivity, migraine, nausea, and confusion. Her parents are heartbroken and terrified watching their beautiful daughter struggle with such an aggressive disease without an FDA-approved treatment. They founded Frances Changed My Life, an organization that funds research and development of lifesaving treatments for Frances and more than 150M kids around the world living with rare diseases.
To help raise money to support the fight against DHDDS, Playing for Frances will include an epic auction featuring items given directly by iconic artists and celebrities. The auction will include a backstage tour and band meet-and-greet before settling into prime seats to see Coldplay’s Music of the Spheres tour, signed swag from Billie Eilish, handwritten song lyrics from Phoebe Bridgers, a signed Kid A Mnesia album and artwork from Radiohead, a private dinner cooked by celebrity chef Roy Choi, a meet and greet and Love Box from Tenacious D, and much more. In addition, Fairmont Miramar Hotel & Bungalows in Santa Monica, California is graciously donating a two-night stay in one of their luxurious Garden Bungalows suites, accompanied by a delightful dinner for two at their farm-to-table FIG Restaurant.
The auction will culminate in a private benefit event held on March 9. To bid on the items up for auction, visit Charitybuzz.com/PlayingForFrances. To learn more about Frances and support her fight, please visit www.franceschangedmylife.com.
PFCF is celebrated for supporting music education programs for children in areas that are rich in cultural traditions but limited in economic resources. Its initiatives extend beyond music education, however. The foundation actively engages in providing essential services like food and hygiene supplies, especially in areas where these necessities are scarce. This comprehensive approach ensures that communities benefit holistically from PFCF's presence.
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.