Sign up for our daily newsletter
BGR's team sends an AM subscriber-only newsletter with the top tech & entertainment stories at 9AM ET. Sign up to read it.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use and
					have reviewed the Privacy Notice.

If you buy through a BGR link, we may earn an affiliate commission, helping support our expert product labs.
Coming off a month that saw the release of some of its most top-tier programming in quite a while — like the new French fashion drama La Maison, as well as the return of Slow Horses plus the debut of the action-comedy feature film Wolfs — Apple TV+ enters October with two absolutely must-see TV series already on the books. One, a returning gem, and the other, a highly anticipated new series from a critically acclaimed director.
The latter is Disclaimer, five-time Academy Award winner Alfonso Cuarón’s new project that Apple TV+ is hyping so much that it’s calling the release a “seven-part event” rather than a seven-episode TV show. And then there’s Season 2 of Shrinking, Ted Lasso co-creator Bill Lawrence’s comedy about grief and therapy — which, I should add, brought in a guest actor for the new season whose first appearance made my jaw drop in shock, because of the character he’s playing.


“Thank goodness for Apple TV+” — Cate Blanchett, maybe.











In all seriousness, I’m sure Blanchett is more than happy to shift her focus from the Borderlands disaster to her starring role in Cuarón’s dreamy-looking new TV series. The director has already described Disclaimer as more like a seven-part movie rather than a TV project, and it’s based on the bestselling novel of the same name by Renée Knight.
Sign up for the most interesting tech & entertainment news out there.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
Blanchett plays an acclaimed journalist named Catherine Ravenscroft, who has built a career out of investigating the transgressions and misdeeds of others. But, as Apple explains in the Disclaimer synopsis, “when (Catherine) receives a novel from an unknown author, she is horrified to realize she is now the main character in a story that exposes her darkest secrets.”
Catherine races to uncover the identity of the writer and, in so doing, is also forced to confront her past before it destroys her relationship with her husband Robert (Sacha Baron Cohen) and their son Nicholas (Kodi Smit-McPhee). As you can see, there’s some serious talent involved with Disclaimer — the soundtrack of which was also composed by Billie Eilish’s brother Finneas O’Connell.
Meanwhile, the new month also brings a returning fan-favorite, starring Jason Segel as a therapist grieving for his wife.


Following his wife’s death in a car crash involving a drunk driver, Segel’s character in Shrinking spirals and enters a period of depression. He sort of snaps back to reality by basically saying to hell with it and putting his patients through a bit of unconventional treatment — specifically, he starts telling them what he really thinks. No sugarcoating, no holding back.











If you loved Ted Lasso, this Apple TV+ gem has a similar vibe and deals with some of the same kinds of themes. Like, for example, the importance of kindness and empathy and how setbacks can make us better people if we let them. In the series, Apple explains, Segel’s character “starts to break the rules and tell his clients exactly what he thinks. Ignoring his training and ethics, he makes huge, tumultuous changes to people’s lives … including his own.”
Check out our full preview of Season 2 here.
Andy Meek is a reporter based in Memphis who has covered media, entertainment, and culture for over 20 years. His work has appeared in outlets including The Guardian, Forbes, and The Financial Times, and he’s written for BGR since 2015. Andy's coverage includes technology and entertainment, and he has a particular interest in all things streaming.
Over the years, he’s interviewed legendary figures in entertainment and tech that range from Stan Lee to John McAfee, Peter Thiel, and Reed Hastings.
Sign up for the most interesting tech & entertainment news out there.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
BGR’s audience craves our industry-leading insights on the latest in tech and entertainment, as well as our authoritative and expansive reviews.
We guide our loyal readers to some of the best products, latest trends, and most engaging stories with non-stop coverage, available across all major news platforms.
Founded in 2006
Over 2 billion visitors
100K+ articles published
Millions of readers helped

						Honest news coverage, reviews, and opinions since 2006.
-
						Jonathan S. Geller, Founder
BGR is a part of Penske Media Corporation.
© 2024 BGR Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.