By MATTHEW COX 
 Published:  11:24, 15 January 2024   |  Updated:  15:48, 9 December 2024   
 171
View  comments
Fans of HBO series True Detective have slammed its latest season, which has been four years in the making.
Jodie Foster debuted as the show's lead, Liz Danvers, in the season four premiere, which was released Sunday.
The actress, 61, is joined by Kali Reis (Evangeline Navarro) to form the latest crime-stopping duo - the show's first all-female pairing - following in the footsteps of Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
One critic vented on X: 'Dude this first episode blows. The writing is unbearable.'
While those berating the season's launch were not alone, there were many on the other side remaining optimistic about its prospects.
Fans of HBO series True Detective have slammed its season four premiere as 'unbearable', with the special effects often singled out by commenters
One critic described the launch on X as the 'worst premier I've ever seen'
True Detective: Night Country's synopsis reads: 'In Ennis, Alaska, the men that operate a research station vanish. 
'To solve the case, Detectives Danvers and Navarro will have to confront the darkness themselves, and dig into the haunted truths that lie buried under the eternal ice.'
Others who were left unimpressed by the debut wrote: 'Worst premier I've ever seen...
'This season of True Detective is basic. There's an over reliance on CGI in post processing; lighting, monitors, backgrounds but I'm still enjoying it...
'I'm still excited for the new season of True Detective, but that opening scene CGI looked like an episode veggietails...
'Oh man that CGI on the elk and that Billie Eilish opening intro was bad... I miss Rust and Marty [McConaughey and Harrelson] already.' 
However, there were others reacting much more positively, while conceding that it could never live up to the original season from a decade ago.
They commented: 'For me, nothing will ever live up to the magnetic, unhinged, misanthropic, charm of season one. 
There were also plenty of more positive comments about the series, with one reading: 'I couldn't be happier. Thank you, Night Country'
'But the promise of this current season bled through the screen in episode one. The leads look set to have the best chemistry since season one...
'Jodie Foster is back solving creepy a*s crimes and reviving True Detective in the process. Reader, I couldn't be happier. Thank you, Night Country...
'I think the true crime fanatics are gonna have a fit about true detective s4 going a lil paranormal... I'm so here for it.'
Despite mixed reviews, Night Country's first episode has earned a strong 8.3 out of 10 IMDb rating at time of writing.
The six-part drama, which crams in a frantic 24-hour storyline, is being released one episode at a time, week-by-week, so those persisting with the latest edition will have to wait and see whether their faith, or the skepticism of others, was warranted.
Its initial release had already been pushed back as a result of Hollywood's actor and writers' strikes last year.
 Jodie Foster (Liz Danvers) is joined by Kali Reis (Evangeline Navarro) to form the latest crime-stopping duo - the show's first all-female pairing

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group