Will Ferrell has admitted that he was embarrassed of his real name.
The 56-year-old actor, known for his hilarious roles in Anchorman, Step Brothers and Barbie, spoke on the MeSsy podcast about the “torture” he endured at school. “This is a minor thing in terms of, it’s not really even trauma, but I remember feeling so embarrassed because my real name is John.”
“John William Ferrell, so first day of school I’d be John. The teacher would be like: ‘John Ferrell?’ and it was so embarrassing to me to have to say: ‘Here, but I go by Will, I don’t go by John!’”
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Billie Eilish sparks concern over bite marks and bruises after posing in bikini
He confessed that the ordeal would continue “for the first week of school” and that it “took a week before the teacher remembered” that he preferred to go by Will. “So the beginning of the school year was always like: ‘Oh my gosh, I hate this. I have to remind the teacher that I’m not John.”
Ferrell then revealed that his name change was “not his choice” as his “parents named him John” even though “they called him Will”. The star “grew up as Will” but his “legal name is John Ferrell”.
Although he found it embarrassing, Will said that he had no idea why he found it so: “People are probably going to be listening to this [podcast] going: ‘That’s the lamest thing ever.’”
The MeSsy podcast features hosts Jamie Lynn Sigler and Christina Applegate, who he starred alongside in the iconic comedy flick Anchorman. Will played Ron Burgundy and Christina landed the role of Veronica Corningstone.
The pair discussed their 2004 hit film and Ferrell gushed over Applegate’s portrayal of his co-star. The Step Brothers actor confessed: “At the end of the day, Christina just checked all the boxes - between funny, smart, tough, because we needed Veronica to stand up to these doofuses and she was the smartest person in the room.”
Will is currently starring in Despicable Me 4 and fans can catch him in his upcoming film You’re Cordially Invited.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.