By Caroline Frost 
pmc-media-editor-2024

Warner Bros chief Pam Abdy says she would “love to make a sequel to the box office blockbuster Barbie, after the original movie “ignited audiences around the world.”

Abdy, the co-chair and CEO of Warner Bros Motion Picture Group, told the BBC that Warner Bros and Barbie director Greta Gerwig were “always talking” about the prospect of following their success with another outing to Barbie’s unique world.

	Abdy added that it had hurt “of course” that both Gerwig and Margot Robbie were omitted from the Oscars nominations for Best Director and Best Lead Actress respectively. She called Gerwig a visionary and “one of the best filmmakers working today.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					HBO Exec Says 'Harry Potter' Series Won't Be "Infused" With J.K. Rowling's Anti-Trans Rhetoric		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Conflict Averted: Oscars Will Stay With Its March 2026 Date & L.A. Marathon Will Reschedule		
			







	To date, the original movie has so far made $1.45billion at the worldwide box office, and goes into Sunday evening’s Academy Awards with eight nominations, including for Best Picture. Ryan Gosling is nominated for Best Supporting Actor and will also perform his song from the movie “I’m Just Ken” live at the event.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The song is also nominated along with “What Was I Made For?” which will be performed by Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell on Sunday evening. Other nods have gone to America Ferrara for Best Supporting Actress, and Production Design. Jacqueline Durran, previous winner for Anna Karenina and Little Women, is nominated once again for her Costume Design.

	The BBC also reports that Gerwig, who adapted the screenplay – for which she IS nominated – with her husband Noah Baumbach, said earlier this week she is open to the idea of making a sequel if she can find “an undertow” for the movie.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.