By
Lauren Boisvert
Eminem dropped his 12th studio album last Friday, and the internet has been all over it since then, singing the album’s praises and calling The Death of Slim Shady one of his best yet. The album is now looking at a No. 1 chart debut, which could unseat Taylor Swift’s 12-week run. 
His first week of sales hit a whopping 300,000 units, which would put the album at No. 1 on the Billboard Top Current Album Sales chart. Taylor Swift has been sitting at 12 weeks on that particular chart, as well as the Billboard Hot 200 Albums chart. She’s trailed there by Zach Bryan, Morgan Wallen, Billie Eilish, and Chappell Roan. 
This week, Swift has a total of 163,000 album sales, which edged out Bryan’s The Great American Bar Scene, which had 137,000 sales this week and has been on the charts for two total weeks. Swift has long kept others from reaching the top of the album charts due to her huge and dedicated fan base. However, this is Eminem’s first album in four years, and his fans have come out of the woodwork to support him. 
If Eminem hits No. 1 with The Death of Slim Shady, it would mark his 11th No. 1 album. Every album he’s released over his long career since the 2000 album The Marshall Mathers LP has made it to No. 1. Additionally, his greatest hits album, Curtain Call from 2005, hit No. 1 on the charts as well. 
[RELATED: Remember When: Eminem Appeared in Korn’s Music Video for “Got the Life” Before He Was Famous]
Jelly Roll was featured in the final track of The Death of Slim Shady, titled “Somebody Save Me.” The song sampled Jelly’s hit song “Save Me,” and included him on a verse. Jelly Roll recently took to social media to thank Eminem as well as express his disbelief at being on an Eminem album. 
“I always say my childhood hero’s [sic] lived somewhere between Willie Nelson and Eminem. As a teenager (and still today) I could recite every song on the ‘Slim Shady’ album, the ‘Marshall Mathers’ album and ‘The Eminem Show’,” Jelly Roll wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of himself and Eminem. 
He continued, “So you can imagine how I felt when I got that the call that Eminem would be sampling my song ‘Save Me’ on his new album. And for him to use the song to discuss the other side of what could’ve happened if he would’ve allowed his demons to win brought me to tears. If you haven’t heard it yet, check out ‘Somebody Save Me’ on Eminem’s new album The Death Of Slim Shady.”
Featured Image by Andrew Roth/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand