Gamers have found a hidden reference to Taylor Swift in The Sims.
Eagle-eyed players discovered the clear nod to the chart-topping Blank Space singer in the sandbox's latest add-on package. The "Crystal Creations" update includes a whole host of new fashion items, jewellery and furniture, including something for Swifties.
Fans have picked up on the brand-new Delicate Bracelet, with one penning on X, formally Twitter : "TAYLOR SWIFT REFERENCE IN THE SIMS." The item's description reads, "Yes, it’s cool you said that. Yes, it’s chill they’re in your head."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: When Taylor Swift The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version) movie is released on Disney+
It adds: "You’re wearing the Delicate Bracelet." The new gaming item is of course a direct reference to 2017 Reputation track, Delicate. Lyrics include: "Is it cool that I said all that? Is it chill that you're in my head? 'Cause I know that it’s delicate."
Another fan finding the T-Swift item wrote on the social media site: "Y’know I might just buy the new pack… (even tho it’s been so long since I last played the game)." While a second added: "I love how all of my interests are somehow intertwined."
Someone else wrote: "Actually I'm pretty sure they even inserted a folklore album cover in one of the decorations,” another person said." The game's update is available on all platforms from today, including Steam, Microsoft, PlayStation and Epic Games.
It's not the only digital product fans can catch Taylor on, Swifties will soon be able to enjoy the pop superstar's world tour from the comfort of their own home, as The Eras Tour heads to streaming services. Premiering later this year, The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) gives Swifties the chance to experience the 14-time Grammy-winner’s record-breaking world tour complete with several additional songs.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
The singer’s 2023 world stadium tour became the first music tour to earn more than $1 billion in revenue and is now the highest grossing music tour of all time, according to Pollstar. This was followed by the October release of Swift’s “cinematic experience” concert film, The Eras Tour which was screened in cinemas around the world in October and grossed more than $260 million worldwide at the global box office, becoming the highest grossing concert film ever.
Disney+ is now set to release the smash film in its more than three-hour entirety, complete with songs that were cut from the theatrical version. Directed by British Grammy-nominee Sam Wrench – who has also worked with Billie Eilish and K-pop stars BTS – The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) will feature ‘cardigan’ and four acoustic songs not featured in the theatrical or previously released on-demand version.
Announcing the news, Disney CEO Bob Iger said: "The Eras Tour has been a true phenomenon that has and continues to thrill fans around the world, and we are very excited to bring this electrifying concert to audiences wherever they are, exclusively on Disney+."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.