* Abi Carter has made it into the Top 24 of the season! She's one of the first 12 contestants to perform in Hawaii. Find out how to vote for her here!
American Idol contestant Abi Carter certainly gave me chills in her rendition of "What Was I Made For?" by Billie Eilish on the Feb. 26, 2024 episode of American Idol season 22. And the judges definitely felt the same! You could see it all on Luke Bryan's face. Well, her beautiful take on the Barbie tune got Carter a Platinum Ticket, and she's expected to make it far in the competition this season. So what do we know about her?
Abi Carter is 21 years old from Indio, California. She comes from a "religious" family, as she explained, and a big one too! She's the second oldest of seven children with three brothers and three sisters, and their mother Andrea mostly raised them all on her own. Her brother Daniel Carter is a video creator on YouTube.  In 2023, the aspiring musician graduated from California State University, San Bernardino (CSUSB), though it's not clear what she got her Bachelor's degree in.
During her American Idol 2024 audition, she also played the piano to the award-winning hit song. Based on her social media posts (@abicartermusic on Instagram), she knows how to play the guitar too! She did great on the first instrument, hopefully her Idol journey will allow for us to see her guitar skills as well. Abi shared that her mother has always supported her musical ambitions, and is the one who got Abi her first keyboard. She used it to sing on the streets, like at the street fair in Palm Springs. 
And it's there that the American Idol contestant got a big surprise! A week after her audition, she sang at the Palm Springs street fair where the mayor was present. While there, she was surprised to learn that judges Bryan, Katy Perry, and Lionel Richie were awarding her with the second Platinum Ticket of season 22! This will allow her to skip the first round of Hollywood Week. Only three are given out every season, and the first has already gone to 28-year old Austin, Texas-native Odell Bunton Jr. in the premiere episode. 
Her audition got her a standing ovation from the judges, and it's clear how close and supportive her family is. Two of her sisters - Anibel and Ariel - as well as her brother Daniel and mother Andrea were all there, running in to hug her. It was such a sweet family moment! Though he wasn't at the audition, Abi is dating Cooper McCollum who supported his girlfriend on Instagram.
The judges certainly have faith that the aspiring singer is going to make it far in the competition, with Perry asking her fellow judges that "she's Top 10, right?" Bryan and Richie responded saying they think Abi could go as far as winning it all this season! What do you think? Will you be cheering for Abi this season? I sure will!
American Idol season 22 airs new episodes Sunday nights on ABC. Episodes are also available to stream on Hulu.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.