ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TORONTO, ONTARIO - SEPTEMBER 09: (NO COVERS) Taylor Swift attends 'In Conversation With... Taylor ... More Swift' during the 2022 Toronto International Film Festival at TIFF Bell Lightbox on September 09, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift has a lot going on at the moment. She’s in the middle of another leg of her historically successful The Eras Tour, and her latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, is still reigning supreme on charts all around the world. As millions continue to consume her new music and head out to international dates on her trek, a years-old cut from the singer has reached a very special milestone.
"Cruel Summer" by Swift has now spent 54 weeks on the Hot 100. As of this frame, it stands as the singer’s longest-charting hit on Billboard’s ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S.
Last week, "Cruel Summer" was tied with another of Swift’s biggest songs for the most time spent on the Hot 100. "Anti-Hero" stayed on the tally for 53 frames throughout its time on the list. Now, the two are no longer on the same level as one another.
"Cruel Summer" is on the rise on the Hot 100 this week. It’s not often that a tune that’s lived on the list for more than a year can continually climb, but Swift is not like other musicians.
This week, "Cruel Summer" jumps to No. 20 on the chart. Last frame, it sat down at No. 24, which was up from No. 28, where it landed the frame prior.
How much longer "Cruel Summer" can hold on and find space on the Hot 100 is anybody’s guess. Billboard has a rule that states that once a track reaches 52 weeks—or exactly a year—on the tally, it must remain above No. 25 on the ranking. If it falls below that number, it will be removed from the list, likely for good.
For the moment, "Cruel Summer" seems safe, but it’s only a few rungs ahead of that cutoff mark. Next week, Billie Eilish will likely invade the Hot 100 with songs from her just-released album Hit Me Hard And Soft, which is bound to be huge. Whether her new wins will push Swift’s cut off the ranking will be known in a few days, but there’s a chance it could spell the end of "Cruel Summer" and its historic streak.