Staff at a Glasgow chicken shop were over the moon to receive their biggest ever order this week and it is was for a major A-list star.
Doja Cat was in town last night performing at the OVO Hydro as part of her Scarlet Tour and of course she had to keep her team fed and watered following the gig, so made an order worth £1000 to Bucks Bar, which has two branches in Glasgow.
The Paint The Town Red singer and her team must have been feeling peckish as they ordered in 76 Bucks Burgers from the West Regent Street branch and the team got to work preparing a feast fit for a rap princess.
Sharing the massive order on their official Instagram, page, the popular chicken joint wrote: "Bucks BIGGEST chicken burger order EVER! Tonight Buck’s Bar history was made thanks to @dojacat and her road crew. Ordering over £1000 worth of chicken burgers! 76 Buck’s burgers made the journey to the @ovohydro following her sold out gig beating Nickleback and Nicki Minaj’s orders over the last month. Thank you! We hope you enjoy."
In the post pictures of the staff can be seen prepping in the large order, whilst another snap shows the goods being delivered by the Bucks Bar van.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Last year, The Red Hot Chilli Peppers made a huge order for their crew after performing at Hampden Park.
The previous year, Billie Eilish also ordered food from the popular eatery too.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.