July 5, 2024
1:42 PM
supplied 
This week has been full of remarkable achievements and honors for the Black community. At the BET Awards 2024, hosted by the dynamic Taraji P. Henson, Usher was celebrated with the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award, recognizing his enduring impact on music and culture.
Angel Reese of the Chicago Sky made history in sports by setting a new WNBA single-season record. In music, Kendrick Lamar dropped the highly anticipated music video for “Not Like Us.”
Keep reading for more on these stories and more in This Week in Good Black News.  
Angel Reese has etched her name in the WNBA history books. The Chicago Sky star set a new single-season record by achieving her 10th consecutive double-double, scoring 10 points and grabbing 16 rebounds in a game against the Minnesota Lynx on Sunday, June 30. This remarkable feat surpasses the previous record held by the legendary Candace Parker of the Los Angeles Sparks, set in 2015.
That same evening, the star athlete was named “Sportswoman of the Year” at the BET Awards 2024.   
"Thank you BET for Sportswomen of the Year!" she tweeted.
Earlier this week, legendary music executives Bryan “Birdman” Williams and Ronald “Slim” Williams, co-founders of Cash Money, were honored with YouTube’s “Leaders and Legends Award” at an event in Los Angeles. The award recognized their significant contributions to the music industry.
In a statement to Billboard, Birdman expressed gratitude to YouTube’s Global Head of Music, Lyor Cohen, and the platform for “respecting what we’ve accomplished and what we continue to do.”
He added, “This honor shines a light on all the artists who have been on Cash Money Records or have been affiliated with the label. They share in this honor, too.”
RELATED: BET Awards 2024: Usher Honored with Lifetime Achievement Award
The BET Awards 2024 took place on Sunday, June 30, featuring electrifying performances by some of the biggest names in music. Megan Thee Stallion kicked off the ceremony with an explosive medley of her hit songs, including “Hiss” and “BOA.”
R&B icon Usher was honored with the “Lifetime Achievement Award” by Babyface and L.A. Reid. Tyla and Victoria Monét also celebrated big wins, with Monét taking home both the “BET Her” and “Video of the Year” awards.
July 4th ended on a high note for Kendrick Lamar fans with the release of the music video for his chart-topping Drake diss, “Not Like Us.”
Directed by Lamar and longtime collaborator Dave Free, the video is filled with Easter eggs and features appearances by prominent West Coast figures, including the track’s producer Mustard, Tommy the Clown, Compton-born NBA star and former Toronto Raptors player DeMar DeRozan, and TDE’s Anthony “Top Dawg” Tiffith.
“Not Like Us” quickly amassed 14 million views on YouTube within the first 17 hours of its release.
The 6th annual African American Film Critics Association TV Honors, presented by the African American Film Critics Association, will take place Aug. 24 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, but we have the winners. 
Check them out below, and don’t forget to return next week with another roundup of Good Black News.
BEST DOCUMENTARY – Black Twitter: A People’s HistoryBEST ENSEMBLE – Masters of the Air BEST LIMITED SERIES/SPECIAL – Genius: MLK/X BEST NEW SHOW – BookieBEST TV ACTING (Female) – Ayo Edebiri (The Bear) BEST TV ACTING (Male) – Wendell Pierce (Elsbeth)BEST TV COMEDY – UnprisonedBEST TV DIRECTING – Channing Godfrey Peoples (Genius: MLK/X – Episode 401 “Graduation)BEST TV DRAMA – The ChiBEST WRITING – The BearBREAKOUT STAR – Josiah Cross (Masters of the Air)
Legacy Award – Glynn Turman.
Trailblazing Award – Michelle Buteau 
Salute to Excellence Award – Nkechi Okoro Carroll
Impact Award – Starz’ Power Universe
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.