Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift is the subject of an erroneous report that she is set to join forces with fellow singer Beyoncé to host a fundraising concert for Vice President Kamala Harris following her late entry into the presidential race.
President Joe Biden announced on Sunday in a statement posted on social media that he would not be seeking reelection in the 2024 presidential race, following weeks of pressure from within his own party and from key Democratic donors to step down amid concerns over his age and mental acuity.
After Biden endorsed Harris to succeed him as the nominee, the vice president said in a statement of her own that she was "honored to have the president's endorsement." She continued: "My intention is to earn and win this nomination. Over the past year, I have traveled across the country, talking with Americans about the clear choice in this momentous election. And that is what I will continue to do in the days and weeks ahead."
"I will do everything in my power to unite the Democratic Party—and unite our nation—to defeat Donald Trump and his extreme Project 2025 agenda. We have 107 days until election day. Together, we will fight. And together, we will win," she concluded.
Amid unanswered calls for Swift to speak out and endorse Harris at a time when she has yet to publicly back a presidential candidate, an article was this week published on a website called UK Discoverer purporting to have information on a Los Angeles show.
"Breaking News: Beyoncé and Taylor Swift to Host Monumental Fundraising Concert in Support of Kamala Harris," read the article's headline, which claimed the announcement "has sent shockwaves through the entertainment and political worlds, with many dubbing it a game-changing moment in the current political landscape."
According to the article, there were rumors that the event would also feature other top-selling music stars, including Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Jay-Z, and Kendrick Lamar.
A joint statement attributed to Grammy winners Swift and Beyoncé read: "We believe in the power of music to bring people together and drive change. This concert is our way of using our platforms to support a leader who is dedicated to making a positive impact on our country. We are thrilled to bring our fans together for a night of incredible music and unity in support of Kamala Harris."
Newsweek has contacted representatives of Swift and Beyoncé via email for comment.
The article was shared on X, formerly Twitter, by TV analyst Joyce Vance, who served as United States attorney for the Northern District of Alabama from 2009 to 2017. Vance has approximately 1 million followers on the social media platform.
After a number of X users pointed out that the website in question is not a reliable source, Vance deleted the post without comment. Among the erroneous articles on the website are false claims that ABC has signed Tucker Carlson to replace late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel and outlandish allegations that Prince Harry sought to harm his wife Meghan Markle after learning of a nonexistent affair.
While Beyoncé has yet to announce who she is backing in the upcoming presidential election, she did grant Harris permission to use her track "Freedom" as she hit the campaign trail. According to CNN, the Harris team plans to use the track, which features rapper Kendrick Lamar, in the weeks leading up to election day.
Swift has also not yet weighed in on the latest developments in the presidential race, although she did share her support for Harris during the 2020 election cycle.
Taking to X in August 2020, Swift responded "YES" to Harris' post, in which the Democrat said she was "honored to join [Biden] as our party's nominee for vice president, and do what it takes to make him our commander-in-chief."
In October 2020, Swift again expressed her support for Harris as she promoted her interview with V magazine, in which the pop superstar said why she was backing Biden.
"So apt that it's come out on the night of the VP debate," the musician wrote. "Gonna be watching and supporting @KamalaHarris by yelling at the TV a lot."
Swift's political beliefs have long been a point of speculation, as the "Shake It Off" singer largely remained quiet about politics until 2018, when she endorsed Democratic Senate candidate Phil Bredesen in Tennessee. She has also voiced support for the LGBTQ+ community and abortion rights.
There was speculation that she would endorse Biden ahead of November's election, but she has not said who she is supporting for president in this election cycle. She did, however, endorse him in 2020. Solidifying her past positions, Swift publicly criticized Trump during his presidency.
The singer-songwriter's scope of influence has sparked a wave of unrelenting attacks from some Trump supporters. Ahead of this year's Super Bowl LVIII, many threatened to boycott the broadcast because the singer was expected to attend to support her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.
"Taylor Swift is a force," comedian and Democratic consultant Chip Franklin previously told Newsweek. "Her presence at NFL games has been a $330-million bonanza for both the Chiefs and the NFL."
He added: "Swift's music taps into the angst and pressure young people are experiencing in this social media maelstrom, and combine that with her boyfriend—a handsome football star and pro-vax advocate—and you have an unprecedented whirlwind of cultural and political opinion."
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC