Kendrick Lamar took advantage of his time in Compton to reunite with some old friends (and their kids) at the “Not Like Us” music video shoot.
A clip from the day shows him chatting and catching up with a lot of people, including Schoolboy Q’s daughter.
“Hell nah,” Dot says to Q’s daughter. “You taller than me and some mo’ shit,” he adds. “You grown, that’s crazy man.”
Lamar was likely talking to Schoolboy’s older daughter, Joyce “Joy” Hanley,” who was born in 2009. Schoolboy welcomed a second daughter in 2019.
More footage from the day shows Ab-Soul and Punch were present at Kendrick and DJ Mustard's “Not Like Us” shoot, which took place in Los Angeles’ Compton neighborhood on Saturday. Fans also flocked to the area to appear in the visual.
Last week, Kenny and Q performed “Collard Greens” and “tHat Part” at The Pop-Out: Ken and Friends event at the Kia Forum. The event also saw a Black Hippy Reunion, with Lamar performing “6:16 in LA” with Soul, and “Win” and “King’s Dead” with Jay Rock.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Kendrick Lamar and Mustard Shoot “Not Like Us” Music Video in Compton
music | BY Jordan Rose
Inside Kendrick Lamar’s Historic ‘Pop Out’ Show in LA
music | BY Jade Gomez
Kendrick Lamar Plays “Not Like Us” Six Times at ‘The Pop-Out'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.