Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Sited in the Lower Mandeville Canyon neighborhood of Brentwood, the nearly one-acre property is owned by former Fox exec Viet Dinh and last sold for $19.5 million back in 2019.

							By 

	Wendy Bowman, Robb Report


	For many years, Kendrick Lamar has lived in the seaside town of Manhattan Beach. After years of renting, the acclaimed rapper and songwriter bought a brand-new mansion there about five years ago, with the sandy beach and deep blue sea lying just two short blocks from his doorstep. But he began making moves far more inland in late 2022, when he purchased a traditional spread in the prime East Gate neighborhood of Bel Air. Now he’s reportedly added another Los Angeles property to his portfolio, this one a modern farmhouse-style spread in the Lower Mandeville Canyon area of Brentwood that sits right next door to a home owned by Gwyneth Paltrow.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					American Music Awards Nominations: Kendrick Lamar Leads With 10; Post Malone Has 8; Billie Eilish, Chappell Roan and Shaboozey Earn 7 Each		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			








	Though records have yet to clear, The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Lamar has doled out “more than $40 million” in an off-market deal for his new estate, which is roughly $20.5 million more than its previous owners, Viet Dinh, the former chief legal and policy officer at Fox Corp., and his wife Jennifer Ashworth, paid for the property back in 2019. Should escrow close, it will be one of the priciest transactions in L.A. so far this year.



	Built in 2018 and designed by noted L.A. architect Philip Vertoch, the wood and stone-trimmed structure features nine bedrooms and 15 baths in a little more than 16,200 square feet of tri-level living space adorned throughout with blonde hardwood floors, high wood-beam ceilings, and stone, reclaimed wood, and marble accents. Glitzy amenities include a duo of staircases and an elevator, as well as a wine cellar, a gym, a movie theater, and a spa bath sporting a sauna and massage and steam rooms.

	Hidden away behind gates on a parcel of land spanning nearly an acre, Lamar’s new residence has an attached three-car garage tucked off to the side. Though current MLS images aren’t available and it’s not known whether the Dinhs made any improvements during their tenure, previous listings show a spacious living area boasting built-in shelving, a wet bar, a fireplace notched into a wood-paneled wall, and glass doors spilling out to a covered loggia warmed by a fireplace.

	Other highlights include formal living and dining rooms, plus a gourmet kitchen outfitted with an eat-in island and a secondary caterer’s kitchen. Sequestered upstairs, the opulent primary retreat has a two-way fireplace between the bedroom and a lounge area, along with a balcony and dual walk-in closets and baths. More amenities can be found outdoors, where the private and grassy grounds are spotlighted by a pool with a Baja shelf and spa. There’s also a detached guesthouse on the premises.

	










	Over the course of his 20-plus-year music career, Lamar has certainly achieved rare levels of success. The 36-year-old Compton native won a whopping 17 Grammys out of 50 nominations, nabbed a Pulitzer Prize for DAMN — the first nonclassical or jazz recording ever to earn the coveted honor for music — and even appeared in a novel hip-hop-centric Super Bowl halftime show in 2022.

	In addition to his Brentwood, Bel Air, and Manhattan Beach homes, Lamar lays claim to a Calabasas residence long occupied by several of his family members. And last year, he paid $8.6 million in cash for a three-floor penthouse in New York City’s Pierhouse building that offers views of Lower Manhattan and the Brooklyn Bridge.

	Per WSJ, real estate agents involved in the deal included Cindy Ambuehl and Morgan Trent of Christie’s International Real Estate and Mark Norton of Palm Realty Boutique.

This story originally ran on Robb Report.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.