Photo: Getty Images
Drake is back with another fresh batch of music. On Friday night, August 23, The Boy shocked fans by posting three new songs on his burner account on Instagram. The first track he posted is "Circadian Rhythm (The Language 2)" produced by Gordo. He also shared a brand-new collaboration with Playboi Carti "No Face." On the track, Drake seemingly addressed his beef with Kendrick Lamar and the artists who didn't defend him during the epic battle. "N***as got lit off the features I skated on/I gotta know, I gotta know/How you get lit off the n**a you hatin' on?" Drake raps.
"My therapist put in a thirty day notice/'Cause I keep on talkin' 'bout beefin' and business and money and women," he continued. "It's no diagnosis, they emptied the clip/Quick, swap that s**t out, and I came back reloaded/I'm just so happy that n***as who envied and held that s**t in got to finally show it/I'm over the Moon, yeah, we'll see you boys soon."Drake hasn't returned fire at Kendrick Lamar or anyone else since the dust settled on Hip-Hop's high-profile civil war back in May. He alluded to the beef on Sexyy Red's "U My Everything" but other than that, he's kept to himself. Since then, K.Dot took his victory lap at "The Pop Out" on Juneteenth in Los Angeles and rocked the world with his "Not Like Us" music video. The final "surprise" track from Drake's three-pack is "SOD." DJ Akademiks previously warned fans that Drizzy planned to drop the song without Lil Yachty even after the Atlanta rapper brought him the record first. The duo had initially tag-teamed on the song that samples Mr. HotSpot's "Goodness Gracious." After HotSpot didn't clear the sample, Yachty leaked the track to streamer Kai Cenat. Eventually, HotSpot had a change of heart and approved the song but only if a clean version was released. Fans were prepared to hear it without Yachty's verse amid the alleged rift between the two, but they didn't expect Drake to drop the song on Lil Boat's birthday. Drake's latest round of songs comes a couple of weeks after he surprised fans with 100 Gigs of content including three fresh songs featuring Young Thug, 21 Savage and Latto. Listen to all three new tracks below.