Jon Batiste leads his band through the audience at New Orleans Jazz Fest, Friday, April 26, 2024. The New Orleans native will be performing the national anthem at the 2025 Super Bowl at Caesars Superdome on Feb. 9. Emily Topping
The NFL has revealed its pregame entertainment for the 2025 Super Bowl, with a focus on Louisiana’s legendary music scene. The announcement comes after officials were previously criticized for choosing Kendrick Lamar for the halftime show, over New Orleans' hometown hero Lil Wayne.
The recently-announced lineup includes NOLA-native Jon Batiste, who will perform the national anthem ahead of the game on Sunday, Feb. 9, 2025, at the Caesars Superdome. 
Lauren Daigle, a Christian recording artist from Lake Charles, and Trombone Shorty, a Grammy Award-winning New Orleans jazz musician, will be combining their musical talents to perform “America the Beautiful.”
Finally, New Orleans R&B vocalist Ledisi will flex her impressive vocals with a rendition of “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” a hymn often referred to as “The Black National Anthem.” 
The NFL announced in September that Kendrick Lamar would headline the Super Bowl Halftime Show — an honor that some fans felt should have gone to Lil Wayne, who grew up in New Orleans. 
The hometown rapper expressed his disappointment in an Instagram video following the announcement.
“That hurt, it hurt a lot,” he said. “It broke me, but I’m just trying to put myself back together.”
The Super Bowl was last hosted in New Orleans in 2013, making this year the 11th time the city has hosted the game. Tickets to the sold-out event are starting at a whopping $7,078 on TicketMaster. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices