By
50 Cent was not feeling J. Cole’s apology to Kendrick Lamar after dissing him on “7 Minute Drill.” 
Appearing on “Ebro In the Morning” on HOT97, 50 gave his take on the  Drake-Kendrick Lamar beef describing it as “good for the culture.” He said that Drake had the advantage heading into the battle. But once Kendrick started engaging, he came out victorious.
But everything changed when the conversion shifted to Cole’s role in the feud.
“So what about J. Cole?” 50 asked as everyone laughed in the studio.“I’m just saying, the culture, the culture, the competitive nature of [the culture]…how?”
Ebro Darden and Peter Rosenberg stood by Cole’s perspective after he apologized at Dreamville Fest but didn’t get down with his stance on “Port Antonio.”
“You just said that ‘Feelings were valid,’ guys, you just said ‘Feelings were valid,” 50 said. “That’s why when Cole stopped and said ‘He could have lost a brother, but he would have lost the battle. Now, I was looking for J. Cole, like,  ‘Oh let me see what he gon’ do. And then when he apologized I was like, ‘Why did he do that?’ I wanted to call him and tell him, ‘Nooooooooo.”
After Rosenberg asked if the apology hurt Cole’s standing as one of the greatest rappers of all time. 50 replied “Yes.”
50 was also critical of Cole claiming that he would have won the battle. He also spoke about a scenario where Kendrick could fire off another diss track because of Cole’s latest song.
“Boy, you in trouble,” he said.
In other 50 Cent news, the “In Da Club” rapper recently signed a $15 million residency deal with Planet Hollywood Resorts & Casino for six shows in Viva Las Vegas.
In a post on Instagram, 50 shared his excitement about that residency. 
A post shared by 50 Cent (@50cent)
“My first Vegas residency is going to be an experience, you don’t wanna miss this! I’ll be doing 6 Exclusive shows December 27 – January 4 at PH Live at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino,” his post read. “Tickets on sale Saturday.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97