Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Jimmy Kimmel wants to set the record straight ahead of Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson’s upcoming documentary about Sean “Diddy” Combs: Costco did not sell Diddy the alleged 1,000 bottles of baby oil used in his “Freak Offs.” 
Kimmel slammed Diddy’s attorney for trying to “put quite a spin” on the news that feds found 1,000 bottles of baby oil in the music mogul’s homes during a federal raid. 
“I don’t think it was a 1,000, I think it was a lot,” attorney Marc Agnifilo recently told the TMZ. “I mean, there’s a Costco right down the street. I think Americans buy in bulk, as we know.”
“‘Americans buy in bulk?”” Kimmel repeated incredulously. “Don’t blame Costco for this! I know Costco, Costco is a very good friend of mine.”
He ranted, “I’ve been a Costco member since 1992 when it was Price Club. I know every item they have at Costco. The first thing I thought when I saw that clip was Costco doesn’t have baby oil.” 
Kimmel said he even checked the Costco website to see if they carry baby oil, confirming that they don’t sell it online or in stores. “You know why? Because no one has 25 babies to oil!” he said.
He added, “Costco doesn’t carry baby oil for the same reason they don’t carry bolt cutters: Unless you’re up to no good, you only need one.” He added that they sell most other types of oil, including olive, avocado, coconut, and motor. 
Combs was federally indicted on racketeering and sex trafficking charges. According to the grand jury indictment, Combs stands accused of organizing “Freak Off” parties filled with drugs and sex in which victims were forced to participate and were subjected to “physical, emotional, and verbal abuse.”
The indictment notes law enforcement seized “various Freak Off supplies, including narcotics and more than 1,000 bottles of baby oil and lubricant” while raiding his homes in Miami and Los Angeles. 
The prospect that 50 Cent will be continuing his decades-long feud with Diddy by creating a documentary series about his alleged crimes seemed to impress Kimmel. 
Netflix reportedly beat out other streamers and platforms in a bidding war to nab the documentary, which could be streaming soon.
“50 has been feuding with Diddy for almost 20 years. And now 50 will be making a documentary for Netflix about Diddy. Let’s see Kendrick [Lamar] top that one!” he said.
“I have to say we’ve come a long way since Biggie and Tupac,” he added. “Now we settle blood feuds on the same platform that brings us The Great British Baking Show.“
Another documentary series about Diddy’s alleged crimes is also being developed by Investigation Discovery and Rolling Stone. The series will feature archival footage, original reporting from Rolling Stone, and first-hand accounts from the alleged victims and his former associates, according to Billboard. 
If you or someone you know needs to reach out about sexual abuse or assault, RAINN is available 24/7 at 800-656-HOPE (4673), or online at RAINN.org.

This story has been shared 1,671 times.
1,671


This story has been shared 1,661 times.
1,661


This story has been shared 595 times.
595


This story has been shared 573 times.
573


This story has been shared 381 times.
381


This story has been shared 344 times.
344


This story has been shared 314 times.
314


This story has been shared 247 times.
247


This story has been shared 198 times.
198


This story has been shared 187 times.
187


This story has been shared 178 times.
178


This story has been shared 165 times.
165


This story has been shared 158 times.
158


This story has been shared 110 times.
110


This story has been shared 102 times.
102