September 13, 2024
1:20 PM
Photo by Bennett Raglin/Getty Images for ESSENCE
Lil Wayne admits he’s heartbroken after not being chosen as the headliner for the 2025 Super Bowl Halftime show in New Orleans, a spot that went to Compton native Kendrick Lamar.
In a new video posted on Instagram, Wayne expressed his disappointment, “That hurt, it hurt a lot.”
“I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown and for just automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So, I blame myself for that,” he continued.
The New Orleans native shared, “I thought there was nothing better than that spot, that stage, and that platform in that city. It broke me, but I’m just trying to put myself back together.”
For an entire week, verbal warfare broke out on X, with fans and fellow rappers like Fabolous, Nicki Minaj, Cam’ron, and Mase joining the conversation.
The “A Milli” emcee expressed his gratitude to his peers, family, and fans for their support and for defending him on social media in recent days.
RELATED: Kendrick Lamar to Headline 2025 Super Bowl Halftime Show
“Y’all are f—king amazing. It made me feel like s—t, not getting this opportunity, and when I felt like s—t, you guys reminded me that I ain’t s—t without y’all,” he said before adding, “And that’s an amazing reality.”
The “Love Me” rapper concluded by stating, “I’m working on me, and I’m working. So, thank you.”
Wayne has often shared his hopes to someday receive the call — one that many entertainers dream of getting. Last February, during his appearance on YG’s 4HUNNID podcast, the “Lollipop” emcee revealed he hadn’t received any offers yet, but added, “We praying. We keeping our fingers crossed.”
The game is set to take place at Caesars Superdome on February 9, 2025.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.