Manage your account
In 2018, families of a Houston high school were left shaken by the news of a student being lured into a death trap set by two teens. Now, the main conspirator behind the tragedy has been given their punishment for the crime.
Prosecutors said now-22-year-old Keona Mouton was behind the killing of 18-year-old Delindsey Mack six years ago. Mack had just transferred to Lamar High School in River Oaks, per Click2Houston. His father said his son was an outstanding football player but created an online persona of a gang member out of fear for his life. The school change was intended for him to escape threats of gang violence, per KHOU.
On November 18th, 2018, Houston police said Mack walked with Mouton, who was 16 at the time, and another student from school. Authorities suspected Mack had feelings for Mouton. However, unbeknownst to him, Mouton was conspiring behind his back with another man to meet them near the intersection of Bammel Lane and Philfall Street, investigators said.
Once they approached the location, Mouton abandoned Mack and the other student as a masked gunman ran up to them and began firing several times, police said. Another gunman then stood over Mack and fired more shots. He was struck a total of seven times. The other girl suffered a graze wound, police said.
The shooter jumped in a vehicle with two other men and fled the scene following the incident, per authorities. Police said Mack succumbed to his gunshot wounds at the hospital.
The shooter was later identified Mack’s killer as Kendrick Johnson, a “vicious, cold-blooded killer” who strived to reach a celebrity status in the gang scene, prosecutors stated. Police said the shooting was the result of a gang rivalry between the 100 Percent Third Ward and Young Scott Block - the very thing Mack was trying to escape.
Johnson and his shooting partner, Dave’on Thomas, were charged in Mack’s murder and sentenced in 2021. Johnson was sentenced to life in prison while Thomas was handed a 50-year sentence. Prosecutors then came for Mouton, claiming she was the mastermind behind the shooting, luring Mack to his death by taking advantage of his romantic feelings toward her. Mouton was charged with murder but tried as an adult in the case.
Tuesday, Mouton was sentenced to 23 years in prison for her role in the killing.
“I hate you. You disgust me. Don’t you dare cry,” said Mack’s mother, Dahlia, at Mouton’s sentencing. “Those shackles on your ankles, that’s Delindsey Mack.”
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.