‘U My Everything’ marks the latest material by Drake since ‘The Heart Part 6’
Drake has resurfaced since his Kendrick Lamar feud, this time with a guest feature on Sexyy Red’s latest mixtape ‘In Sexyy We Trust’ where he raps over Metro Boomin’s ‘BBL Drizzy’ instrumental.
Drake appears midway through the track ‘U My Everything’, where Sexyy Red expresses the joy and unbridled desire that comes with puppy love over a beat by the mixtape’s executive producer Tay Keith.
“If you and your BD are calling it splits / Then maybe we call it a accident / You slip, you trip, you fall on my dick / Why you love me? / Still a mystery / Me and the surgeon got history,” Drake raps, before the beat switches to the ‘BBL Drizzy’ instrumental famously produced by Metro Boomin.
He continues, seemingly addressing the nickname head-on: “I changed a lot of girls lives for real, they need a new body, they hittin’ me, ayy / BBL Drizzy, they want a new body, they ask me for it / The last one drunk, he did it for free ’cause I sent over so many passports for him, for real / Don’t even worry ’bout all of that shit / Just keep it natural for ’em, I swear”.
‘BBL Drizzy’ – its title a meme started by Rick Ross to mock Drake’s alleged use of plastic surgery – was produced by Metro Boomin as a free-to-use prompt for any artist to come up with the “best verse”. The winner, who has yet to be picked, will receive a US$10,000 cash prize and a free beat from the producer.
best verse over this gets a free beatjust upload your song and hashtag #bbldrizzybeatgiveaway https://t.co/YDULmWYm0M
— Metro Boomin (@MetroBoomin) May 5, 2024
‘U My Everything’ marks the latest material recorded by Drake since dropping ‘The Heart Part 6’, which appeared to cap off an intense and viral back-and-forth between him and Kendrick Lamar.
The track featured verses where Drake claimed he fed Lamar false intel that first surfaced in the latter’s tracks ‘Meet the Grahams’, ‘Not Like Us’, ‘Euphoria’, and ‘6:16 in LA’. Lamar has yet to release a new track since ‘Not Like Us’, which has since garnered 55million views on YouTube.
Billie Eilish has been seen partying to the song while Tom Hanks had talked about it with his son Chet Hanks, who posted the text conversation with his actor father online.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.