Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
el-Hajj Malik el-Shabazz didn't die for this.
Source: Prince Williams / Getty
DJ Mustard might be in his feelings. He referred to Drake as “The Malcolm X Of White People” when discussing his recent album’s lackluster performance.
As spotted on XXL Magazine the Los Angeles, California native recently released his fourth album Faith of a Mustard Seed. Even though he collaborated with the likes of Lil Yachty, Quavo, Lil Durk and Future the project only sold 18,000 units during the first week. Given his history for producing hits for others many deemed this new effort as a commercial failure and made their feelings known directly to him on X, formerly Twitter. It seems some of the criticism got to him as he dismissed the record sales metric writing “Album sales are a form of [White] supremacy you ni**as racist.”
 


					Related Stories
				





Fat Joe Sues Former Hypeman After He Claims Joey Crack Had Sex With A Minor






Lil Wayne Is Your Favorite Rapper’s Favorite Rapper—And We’ve Got Receipts






Drake Claims UMG Used Kendrick Lamar Grammy To Defame Him






One fan responded “It’s only racist when your album flops. If your album sold well you’d be flexing your sales” and that’s when he went on a brief rant alleging Drake had a hand negatively impacting his album. “Drake is the Malcolm x of white people  and @Akademiks make sure you post @GordoSZN first week since drake thought he did a thing with making him drop on the same day as me” he wrote. This is a reference to the rumor Drake suggested that Gordo drop his album DIAMANTE, that has two features from Drizzy, on the same day as Faith of a Mustard Seed. It seems the slander quickly escalated as he soon insinuated that bots were flooding his timeline. “These drake bots are the Nation of drizzlam” and “THE BOTS TRYNA FADE ME.” 
DJ Mustard produced the beat for Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us”. Since then he has been involved in the Rap beef by default. You can see his posts below.
A post shared by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom)


DJ Mustard Calls Drake “The Malcolm X Of White People” After Album Flops 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.