Newcity
Chicago Arts & Culture
by Ray Pride | December 4, 2024
 Isabelle Frances McGuire, “Year Zero” at the Renaissance Society
Get Chicago & Midwest culture news sent to your inbox every weekday morning. Subscribe to Newcity Today here.
ART
A Fifth Round Of Hyde Park Art Center’s Artists Run Chicago Fund
Hyde Park Art Center has announced the fifth phase of the Artists Run Chicago Fund, a regranting initiative providing financial relief for Chicago’s artist community since 2021. A total of $120,000 has been granted to fifteen independent artist-run platforms, each awarded $8,000 in unrestricted funds. Recipients include: Art Center of Englewood, Blue Station, Bridge, Chicago Art Book Fair, Fourtunehouse Art Center, Julius Caesar Gallery, LMRM (Loom Room), Mayfield, Mural Moves, noseyAF podcast, Patient Info, Pigeon Hole Press, The Plan, Tiger Strikes Asteroid and Weatherproof. The fund is supported by the Good Chaos Foundation, the Local South Foundation and The Pritzker Pucker Family Foundation.
Lincoln Logged: Isabelle Frances McGuire Opens At Renaissance Society
“Across a growing body of work, Isabelle Frances McGuire turns to figures that loom large in the cultural imagination or those that keep reappearing, sometimes against all odds. McGuire embraces these apparent archetypes and the stories they keep generating, often giving them a new uncanny life or a kind of feral energy.” “Year Zero,” her exhibition at the Renaissance Society “began by thinking about the lasting lionization of Lincoln and the symbolic relics associated with him. Picking up on the looping repetitions and regressions in today’s culture and politics—populated by characters both real and imagined—McGuire tests different approaches to recreating the past, reanimating old models, or revisiting persistent symbols.
“The Chicago-based artist creates sculptures, installations and props for videos using technologies such as 3D printing and computer-controlled milling based on digital models. At the heart of the exhibition is a full-scale replica of Abraham Lincoln’s birth cabin, made using dozens of foam logs, cut by an automated CNC machine based on a 3D digital model and then hand-painted by the artist.” Opens Saturday, December 7 at the Renaissance Society. More here.
The Art Dealer Now Leading Art Basel Miami Beach
“The new director of Art Basel Miami Beach comes from the gallery world. As the art market contracts and rival fairs expand, how will Bridget Finn deliver?” asks the New York Times. Finn “began as an assistant with Anton Kern gallery in New York—after graduating in 2005 from the College for Creative Studies in Detroit, she left any art-making notions behind… Later she jumped to the similarly top-shelf Mitchell-Innes & Nash gallery, running its contemporary program.
“In 2017 she returned to Detroit and, with the fellow New York gallery veteran Terese Reyes, started Reyes Finn, which made the quick leap to exhibiting at Art Basel Miami Beach in 2021. This is the first time since the [fair’s] 2002 start that it has been led by a former dealer. Previously the director role has been held by a telecom executive, an academic turned auction house specialist and a journalist.”
DESIGN
Single-Family Homes For Former DePaul College Prep Campus
“The latest plan to develop the former DePaul College Prep campus in Irving Park features a mix of single-family homes and two condo buildings along the North Branch of the Chicago River,” reports Block Club. “The Congregation of the Resurrection of Our Lord Jesus Christ owns the land and is taking a more hands-on approach to developing the property.”
How An Eighties Manhattan Office Building Became An Arts Hub
“An office building in New York City has become the talk of downtown and a hot spot for parties with outrageous guest lists,” relays the New York Times. “Known as the WSA building (short for Water Street Associates), the thirty-one-story structure, at 175 Water Street, has become a nexus for the kind of people who might not otherwise set foot in this neighborhood of bankers and brokers… It might be the first ‘It’ building.” The building had been world headquarters of insurance giant A.I.G. “The building is starting to fill up with artists, designers and boutique creative agencies, many of whom pay rents far below the going rate.”
All Together Now Hosts Mini One-Of-A-Kind Market This Weekend
Ukrainian Village bottle shop and cheese counter All Together Now hosts an intimate pop-up featuring locally crafted gifts from five Chicago makers. “It’s the perfect spot to discover one-of-a-kind finds and enjoy a cozy, community vibe.” December 8, 2pm-5pm. RSVP here.
Lion Electric Bus Maker Suspends Channahon Plant
“Lion Electric, which manufactures electric buses, will suspend its operations at its Channahon facility,” reports WLS-TV. At least 400 workers will lose their jobs. The plant in Channahon opened in July 2023 “and was set to produce up to 20,000 vehicles a year.” It was “the first dedicated vehicle assembly plant in the Chicago area since 1965.”
Underground Art Market Pops Up At Revolution Brewing Taproom
Underground Art Market, a long-running independent winter pop-up art market, is locating this year in Avondale’s Revolution Brewing Taproom. “We feature forty artists and vendors creating works around the themes of recycled art, wellness, and functional art, as well as makers creating for charitable causes and social initiatives.” Saturday, December 7, noon-5pm. More here.
DINING & DRINKING
La Liste Surveys 1000 Worldwide Restaurants And Plucks Six From Chicago
La Liste, “the global benchmark for gastronomy,” is a list of international eateries in 200 countries compiled from 1,070 publications and guidebooks and aggregated into a database. The new edition offers nods to six Chicago restaurants. Smyth ranks 95.50 points out of a possible one hundred; Alinea ranks ninety-five; Ever at 92.50; Oriole at 92.50; Boka at eighty-one and The Dining Room At Moody Tongue, 75.50.
Moody Tongue Takes Pizza East
Moody Tongue, the two Michelin Star brewery in the South Loop, shares plans to open an East Village pizzeria in New York later this week, as announced on Instagram.
MCA’s Marisol Announces Chef Collaborations And Marz Lager
The Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago and Marisol have set collaborations for the winter season, including a continuation of the Chef Collaboration Series, originated by chef Jason Hammel, and a new lager launched in partnership with Marz Brewery. The new dish is a duck confit salad by chef Ryan Brosseau of French-Canadian restaurant Dear Margeret, which incorporates white beans, roasted pumpkin, demi-glace, pickled onion, arugula, Banyuls vinaigrette, fines herbes and cured duck yolk. The End, the limited-edition black lager by Marz Brewery “is in the spirit of ‘The Living End: Painting and Other Technologies, 1970-2020.'” Reservations and more here.
Eater Chicago Pours 2024 Awards
Nods to local eateries from Eater Chicago include Maxwells Trading: Best New Restaurant; Zubair Mohajir and Rishi Manoj Kumar of Mirra: Chefs of the Year; Shrimp Gobernador at Mariscos San Pedro: Taco of the Year; Truce: Best New Bar; and Calumet Fisheries: Comeback of the Year.
Former Goose Island Brewmaster Acquires Virtue Cider From Anheuser-Busch
Greg Hall, best known as the brewmaster who helped build Goose Island Beer Co. and then went on to open southwest Michigan’s Virtue Cider, has gotten Virtue Cider back from Anheuser-Busch. While restoring its independent roots, Virtue is returning to 750ml bottles, renovating the tasting room at the Virtue Farm and bringing seasonal farmhouse comforts to its menu, including chef-driven dinners with well-known restaurants, overhauling its distribution and launching label and merchandise partnerships with regional artists. More Virtue here.
Tariffs Will Drive Up Price Of Imported Beer, Including Modelo And Corona
Constellation Brands’ stock fell after Trump “announced plans to place a twenty-five percent tariff on Mexican imports,” reports CNBC. “The brewer manufactures all of its beers, which represent eighty-six percent of its sales, in Mexico. The company will likely opt to raise prices to offset the cost of tariffs, if implemented.”
FILM & TELEVISION
Gotham Award Nominees Included “Ghostlight”‘s Keith Kupferer
Among dozens of nominations in nine categories, Keith Kupferer was nominated for outstanding lead performance for locally produced “Ghostlight” at the Gothams, which were awarded on Monday night, lists the independent film group. (The winner for outstanding lead was Colman Domingo for his vivid turn in “Sing Sing.”)
LIT
Albany Park’s Restoried Emphasizes Asian American Books
“Owner and community organizer Justin Valas cut the ribbon last week on Restoried Bookshop, his Kedzie Avenue business,” reports Block Club. Says Valas, “I really want this to feel like your nerdy uncle’s living room… A couple friends and I started talking about the idea for something like this in 2010 when we were organizing around the DREAM Act. ‘Wouldn’t it be so cool if we had a bookshop focused on Asian Americans and our stories?’… As a third-generation Japanese American, I felt like I had to wait so long to get access to some of the books that I wanted and that informed my experience of the world.”
A History Of The Little Review
“The Little Review, the radical and short-lived magazine helmed by Jane Heap and Margaret Anderson, was a vanguard of modernism in American culture,” writes Francesca Wade at the New York Review Of Books. “The historian Holly A. Baggett’s ‘Making No Compromise’—part history of the magazine, part dual biography of its coeditors—tells the story of how a tiny magazine run by a lesbian couple from the American Midwest came to publish some of the most innovative writing produced across Europe and the United States between 1914 and 1929. At a time when the established American magazines were in thrall to their advertisers and, as Ezra Pound declared, ‘increasingly somnolent,’ The Little Review set out to surprise, challenge and entertain, with minimal regard for commercial imperatives.”
Women & Children First Shares Online Gift Guide
Women & Children First’s annual gift guide is online in flipbook form here and as a PDF download here. (The forty-three pages download automatically when you click.)
Jonathan Kozol Makes A Final Plea For American Education
“An End To Inequality” is a final report from an eighty-seven-year-old public intellectual, reports the New York Times. “There are certain motifs in Jonathan Kozol’s half-century of writing about America’s failure to adequately educate poor Black and Hispanic children, which began with ‘Death at an Early Age,’ a blistering account of his year teaching in the Boston Public Schools.” His latest book is his fifteenth, “and his last, he says. It is an unapologetic cri de coeur about the shortcomings of the schools that serve poor Black and Hispanic children, and thus, the moral failure of the nation to end the inequality he has documented for decades… ‘I don’t brook with forced optimism right now,’ Mr. Kozol said… ‘If we’re talking about Black and Latino children in our public schools, I think it’s unrealistic to be optimistic.'”
MEDIA
Illinois Has Lost Eighty-Six Percent Of Its Journalists Since 2005
“Six newspapers in Illinois shuttered in the twelve months ending September 2024, making it number six in the country for number of closures,” reports the Sun-Times. “Illinois’ disproportionately larger number of newspaper job losses is because many of its news organizations are owned by corporate chains… The state has lost eighty-six percent of its journalists since 2005—the highest percentage decline in the nation, according to the Medill State of Local News report released in October. Nationally, there was a sixty-percent drop in newspaper journalist positions during that same period.”
The Cursing Ira Glass Says He’s Not Really Nice
“I think I play a much nicer, more empathetic person on the radio than I am in real life,” Ira Glass tells “All Things Considered.” “I contain that sort of empathetic people-pleasing person who I’m playing on the radio. That’s most of who I am. But I’m a person under weekly deadlines, and I get freaked out and tired and irritable and don’t want to talk to people and get annoyed. And I curse a lot in real life. And I really love cursing.”
Former Trib And Sun-Times Editor Mark Jacob Asks If Journalism Can Survive Billionaires
“There’s nothing wrong with media outlets trying to make money. But increasingly, news industry owners seem interested only in making money, not in performing a public service at the same time,” writes Mark Jacob at his weekly Stop The Presses newsletter. “The paper where I was metro editor, the Chicago Tribune, is now owned by [a company] with a reputation for dramatically reducing its staff and increasing its subscription prices. That’s a good formula for short-term profits but not for longterm service to communities. Hedge funds and private equity firms are so dominant in local journalism today that they own more than half of the daily newspaper circulation in this country… Journalism needs to promote the sharing of power, not the consolidation of it. It needs to be independent and brave. Otherwise, democracy is impossible.”
MUSIC
A Hundred-Dollar Concert Ticket Might Net $8 For Musicians
“A helpful breakdown of the costs of live music from the National Independent Talent Organization” is up at Hearing Things. “That total ticket price includes roughly $22 in fees, which are split between the venue, the promoter that put the show together (Live Nation, if it’s hosted at one of the many venues they own), and the company that handled the ticketing (Ticketmaster, if it’s at one of those Live Nation rooms, and at plenty of other venues too). Roughly $30 goes to cover the venue’s costs, which includes the staff. Another $8 goes to whoever produced the show, which could be the venue or an outside promoter or both. And then there are the costs incurred by the artist themselves: the bus (or van), the touring staff, the hotel rooms, the gas.” A fuller breakdown at the link here.
A Look At 16 On Center’s Musical Model
Craig Golden and Bruce Finkelman, partners in 16 on Center, “have found a successful and ingenious model,” adjudges Forbes. “The company owns six venues, including Space, Thalia Hall and The Salt Shed, ranging in size from a 350-person capacity to 5,500.” They “have been able to build their own artist development model, starting with bands at the very beginning of their careers and maintaining a relationship as the band grows.” Says Golden, “What sets 16 On Center apart from other venue collectives is our hands-on approach to every aspect of the creation of the venues—we design, renovate [historic buildings], and curate every detail of our spaces in such a way to present shows like we would like to see them as a customer.”
Grand National Tour With Kendrick Lamar, SZA Comes To Soldier Field In June
“Hip-hop royalty Kendrick Lamar, on the heels of dropping his surprise album ‘GNX,’ announced dates for his 2025 Grand National Tour, which will include a June stop in Chicago,” relays WBBM-TV. More here.
STAGE
Kokandy Extends “Into The Woods” Into January
Kokandy Productions has added two weeks of performances for its sell-out revival of “Into The Woods,” which will return January 2-12 at The Chopin Studio Theatre. Kokandy has also added two performances to the current run on Wednesday, December 11 and Wednesday, December 18. Tickets for these performances are on sale here.
Why Regional Dance Companies Matter
“It’s often assumed that audiences consider international or ‘big city’ imports higher quality than locally produced talent and creativity. But for decades, regional companies have been proving that false. Dance leaders with strong personal ties to their locations are building organizations that, rather than aspiring to national fame, are proudly identifying with and reflecting their communities; providing consistent, fulfilling work to local artists; and building dance infrastructure beyond established hubs. While these ‘homegrown’ companies may have relatively low profiles, they’re a crucial part of the national dance landscape,” writes Dance magazine.
ARTS & CULTURE & ETC.
Chicago Magazine Names Six Chicagoans Of The Year
“From a Samaritan who is looking after his new neighbors to our oldest winner ever (by 150 million years), these 2024 honorees have made a lasting mark on the city,” writes Chicago magazine, with nods to Matt DeMateo, “The Good Neighbor”; Christy George, “The Party Host”; The Chicago Archaeopteryx, “The Prize Fossil”; Steve Newcomb, “The Highway Hero” and Harry Lennix, “The Return Player.”
What Happens To Birds When Their Flights Terminate In The Airport?
“Birds often get stuck inside the terminal, and they can be a challenge to get out,” reports WBEZ. “Airport workers said they see birds like starlings and sparrows inside on a regular basis, and they often go unnoticed by passengers rushing to get to their gate.” Says a Lufthansa worker, “We have a lot of wildlife that live behind the scenes of our terminals… I think our flying friends are the hardest ones to catch. Sometimes, they even build nests in the corners of the uninhabited parts of the terminal.”
Walking With Loop Holiday Ambassadors
“As Loop foot traffic along State Street swells during the all-important shopping season between Black Friday and Christmas, alliance ambassadors will be on hand every day 7am-10pm, performing all sorts of small—sometimes thankless—tasks to improve the experience of pedestrians,” reports the Tribune. “Ambassadors, who wear neon green jackets… patrol the busy stretch of State Street between Wacker and Ida B. Wells that features the Chicago Theatre, Macy’s and other… attractions… The Chicago Loop Alliance, an organization that works to keep the Loop a ‘vibrant global business district,’ can provide services like the ambassador program because it receives a portion of city taxes.”
Supreme Court Takes Up Gender Medical Treatments Today
Today, the Supreme Court “will consider for the first time whether states can ban certain gender transition medical treatments for young people—a closely watched case brought by three transgender teens, their parents and a doctor, all seeking to ensure health care access they say is critical,” reports the Washington Post. “The legal question in the case, called United States v. Skrmetti,” adds MSNBC, “is whether a Tennessee law banning gender-affirming care for minors violates the Constitution’s equal protection guarantee. How the court answers the question could affect similar laws across the country and transgender rights more broadly.”
Send culture news and tips to [email protected]
Copyright Newcity Communications, Inc. © 2025