Photo: Getty Images
Kendrick Lamar is set to hit the stage during a special performance on Juneteenth. On Wednesday, June 5, K. Dot announced the plans for "The Pop Out — Ken & Friends" concert presented by pgLang and Free Lunch at the Kia Forum in Inglewood. The show is going down next Wednesday, June 19, and you never know which friends Kung Fu Kenny will bring out. An exclusive Cashapp pre-sale begins today while general sales are set to kick off on Friday, June 7. This will be the first time Kendrick will bless the mic after he took on Drake in one of the biggest feuds in rap history. 
Kendrick Lamar's fans could be in for a performance of a lifetime. He has the opportunity to perform all of his diss tracks live for the first time. After he fired back at Drizzy on Future & Metro Boomin's "Like That," K. Dot followed up with numerous diss tracks like "Euphoria," "6:16 in L.A.," "Meet The Grahams" and "Not Like Us." Since the latter track dropped, Kendrick's Mustard-produced hit has transcended Hip-Hop and infiltrated pop culture. "Not Like Us" is still sitting in the Top 5 of Billboard's Hot 100 after it recently hit No. 1. The announcement about Kendrick Lamar's show also fuels more hype about his next studio album. The follow-up to his 2022 LP Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is expected to arrive sometime this year. The details surrounding the LP are scarce, but producer Terrace Martin recently expressed how excited he is for everyone to hear it. “Aye, let me tell y’all the records I’m excited for," he said on Instagram Live this week. "I’m excited for YG’s album, I’m excited for Mustard’s album. I’m excited for a lot of people, but there’s two albums, I’m going crazy, I can’t wait ’til they drop. Roddy Ricch album and whenever Kendrick drops his album, I’m excited for those two. Those two Compton artists is like, I’m excited. So much s**t bubbling, you know?”Some fans thought Kendrick's album would arrive in May amid his beef with Drake, however, no release date has been confirmed.