August 12, 2024
12:00 AM
Jeremy Tauriac
2023 was a transformative year for Tarriona “Tank” Ball, the dynamic frontwoman of the genre-defying New Orleans band Tank and The Bangas. Tank's journey was nothing short of extraordinary, from the viral explosion of “DM Pretty” to a Grammy nomination for their 2022 groundbreaking third album, Red Balloon. That doesn’t even count the heart and soul she brought to PBS’ Emmy nominated series “Ritual.” With such remarkable achievements, one can only imagine how she’ll top that in 2024. One way is by wiping the creative slate clean in a way that only she can. 
“Starting over is where I’m at with it honestly,” explained Tank to BET.com days after a short European tour. “Just configuring things, refiguring things out, getting together new live shows and bringing in new instruments. I felt like I was a passenger. But now I feel like I'm taking the driver's seat more. And it is scary, but more fun than scary, I think. Especially long as I keep a really good team around me to help me navigate.” 
This starts with leaning more into her beginnings as a spoken word poet before music artistry took over. Tank built a fanbase through popular poems like “Rollercoasters” from the 2014 debut Think Tank and “Black Folk” from Red Balloon. However, “DM Pretty” sparked a new approach to new music.
“That kind of solidified it to me that we need to take this moment seriously because ‘DM Pretty’ is a poem,” said Tank.  “A mentor of mine told me… you should move with the music first and then let the poetry accompany you because it’s going to be easier to grab more people that way. And she was right.”
Now, spoken word is at the forefront through The Heart, The Mind, The Soul, which is set to release on August 30, with an expanded physical release on October 11. Several tracks for the upcoming albums have already been released through two EPs in The Heart featuring tracks produced by James Poyser of The Roots and The Mind with production from Iman Omari( Kendrick Lamar, Doja Cat and Mac Miller). The final EP, The Soul, will be composed of tracks produced by modern jazz legend Robert Glasper. 
Explaining the decision to split her project into EPs, Tank said, “I was just on a train one day and I was just thinking about the different relationships that I have with my heart, the different relationship I have with my mind and the different relationship I have with my body and my soul… That was just a good way to talk about my relationship with each of those things.”
In The Heart, The Mind, The Soul, Tank reveals a deeply personal side, delving into the intricacies of romantic relationships with raw emotion on tracks like “Enjoy The Ride” and “Starting Over.” She tackles pressing social issues such as climate change in the poignant “Ghetto Earth,” and bravely exposes her artistic insecurities in “You’re In Way Over Your Head.” 
Throughout the album, Tank’s voice soars with melodic brilliance, showcasing her as one of music’s most dynamic vocalists. Her spoken word performances cut deeper than ever that could remind listeners of jazz rap classics like Digable Planets’ Reachin' (A New Refutation of Time and Space), Freestyle Fellowship’s Innercity Griots, and Kendrick Lamar To Pimp A Butterfly despite Tank not considering herself an emcee. This album is a testament to her versatility and unflinching honesty, making it another standout in her illustrious career.
“I consider myself a poet with flow,” Tank explained. “Other people would be like you’re a rapper too but I mean whatever. I’m a flow-et. It’s an instrument and I use it in any type of way that I can. I do voiceover work too and cartoons. I’m going to do what I want and what this voice allows me to do. I'll literally be doing a poem, and I feel like this time, it's time for me to go into the flow. I'll be doing the flow, and I'm thinking, oh, now it's time for me to sing.” 
The Heart, The Mind, The Soul features some huge spoken word collaborations, including Jill Scott, Aja Monet, and J. Ivy. Meanwhile, Yaya Bey and the celebrated jazz vocalist Samara Joy (who recorded her vocals via mobile phone) round out guest appearances. 
Naturally, Tank and The Bangas will hit the road to support the album with national and international tour dates. They’ll embark on a U.S. tour this fall, including a co-headlining run with Jamila Woods starting October 16. Additionally, they will hold a residency at the iconic Blue Note Jazz Club in New York from November 7-10. When asked about the evolution of their live performances, Tank reminisced about their early chaotic shows.
“Oh, I think I would go, honestly, back from the first show ever… being super dramatic,” described Tank. “Having a moment where I tied somebody up. We went crazy. I just see now just more order to the chaos and it just feels like sharpening up a pencil every year and not a pencil. I would say a crayon because it's still so colorful and it's fun and it just matures.”
Looking ahead, beyond the phenomenal album and tour, Tank looks to continue developing potential outside of music. Her relentless drive and passion for her craft are evident, as she balances multiple projects while seeking new creative heights.
“I know that I’m working on a show in Canada for children about global warming and basically trying to help children,” said Tank. “I would love to do a live version of The Heart, The Mind, The Soul. It just would be so freaking cool.”
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.