Source: General / Getty
Things looked a lot different in 2011. Many of rap’s current kings were much younger, collaborative and podcast were just beginning to bubble.
How things have changed over the past decade and a half: 2024 would give us not only one of the biggest rap feuds in Hip Hop History, but a potential lawsuit stemming from a diss record, the announcement of a West Coast rapper heading the Super Bowl halftime show.. and now, a podcast hosted by J. Cole, who recently dug through the crates and offered up a long lost cut with him rapping alongside Kendrick Lamar.
RELATED: Watch Kendrick Lamar’s ‘Squabble Up’ Music Video
RELATED: Pharrell Says He Didn’t Care Drake Threatened To Meltdown His Old Jewelry
 


					Related Stories
				





Carmelo Anthony Debates If J. Cole Is A Top 10 MC Of All Time [Video]






 

Dreamville Fest 2025 Day 2: A Day Of Celebration & Reflection






WATCH J. Cole’s Dreamville Festival Performances






On the latest episode of Cole’s ten-part “audio series,” Inevitable, the North Carolina M.C. shared “Temptation” and “Shock the World,” two previously unreleased tracks featuring Kendrick Lamar.
The songs are nearly 15 years old, Cole revealed on the pod as he recalled sending beats to K. Dot when they were both on the come up.
Longtime Cole and Kendrick fans will probably remember that at one point the two teased a possible collab album. The project never came to light. In 2023, Cole spoke on the early process of the duo sending tracks back and forth.
“In a nutshell, [Kendrick Lamar] had pulled up on me at No ID’s spot after we was already building this relationship, and I had these beats at the time and I was playing them for him,” he explained on Lil Yachty‘s A Safe Space podcast.
Cole’s Inevitable series, created in collaboration with Ibrahim Hamad (Cole’s manager and Dreamville co-founder) and filmmaker Scott Lazer, offers an intimate look at the evolution of J. Cole’s life and career. Featuring released and unreleased music as part of its narrative, Inevitable invites listeners to experience Cole’s journey in his own words.
Fans can listen to the debut episode or purchase the full season via http://www.inevitable.live, offering a deeper dive into the iconic mixtape that helped launch J. Cole’s career.


Shock The World: J. Cole Drops Two Unreleased Collabs with Kendrick Lamar [LISTEN] 
						was originally published on
						theboxhouston.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.