December 19, 2024
12:41 PM
(Photo by Jerritt Clark/Getty Images)
When it comes to the new wave of rap, Hitta J3 is a name you’ll definitely want to keep on your radar.
The Compton native burst onto the scene with his breakout anthem, "Do Yo Gudda (Remix)”, featuring rap heavy-hitters Kendrick Lamar, YG, and Problem. The track catapulted him into the spotlight, showcasing his ability to hold his own alongside some of hip-hop’s finest.
Recently, the 32-year-old joined forces with Kendrick once again on the title track of the Grammy winner’s surprise album, GNX. The collaboration marked a significant milestone, earning Hitta J3 his first-ever chart placement.
With his undeniable lyrical talent and captivating storytelling, Hitta J3 is solidifying his place as one of hip-hop’s most promising voices of 2025. Here are seven facts to help you get to know the rapper making waves.
Born Dominicke Williams, the emcee adopted the stage name Hitta J3 as a tribute to his older brother, Jayman—known as J3—who is currently serving a lengthy prison sentence.
Hitta J3’s 2014 breakout track, "Do Yo Gudda (Remix),” featuring Kendrick Lamar, YG, and Problem, put him on the map. The song became a West Coast anthem, showcasing his ability to hold his own alongside rap heavyweights. The track was produced by singer and rapper Blxst. 
Founded by visionary artist Jay Worthy, Meet The Whoops is a dynamic collective of artists hailing from Compton, CA. This powerhouse group features a diverse lineup, including Jay Worthy himself, along with Hitta J3, Mari Ruger, Rosecrans HopOut, Slumlord Trill, YS, and CEO Wacko.
The group notably performed their song, “Meet The Whoops,” at Kendrick’s Juneteenth event, The Pop Out: Ken & Friends.
Hitta J3 has been working to garner a name for himself since his introduction over a decade ago, including releasing several mixtapes like fan favorite “The Wake Up Call 2 ” and the 2019 project “Freedom.”
Kendrick’s surprise drop made history as the first album with three No. 1s on Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. Hitta J3 achieved his first Billboard Hot 100 placement as a featured artist on Kendrick’s title track, GNX. 
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.