Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
"He's been past it," producer Gordo said. 

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

	Despite photos of Drake appearing “sad” surfacing after his beef with Kendrick Lamar, one of his music producers revealed he’s “happy as shit.”

	In an interview with People, Grammy-nominated DJ-producer Gordo opened up about Drake’s state following the public rap feud that took place between the Canadian artist and Lamar.



	“He’s been past it,” Gordo said of Drake. “The thing is that he was just on the longest tour ever [It’s All A Blur Tour – Big As The What?]. He literally did a tour for like a year. I think he’s just chilling.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					American Music Awards Nominations: Kendrick Lamar Leads With 10; Post Malone Has 8; Billie Eilish, Chappell Roan and Shaboozey Earn 7 Each		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			








Drake and Lamar’s feud began when the “HUMBLE” rapper dissed Drake on Metro Boomin and Future’s “Like What,” which led to Drake dropping his first Lamar diss track, “Push Ups.” After this, the two went back and forth, throwing insults and allegations at one another until Lamar’s now-hit song, “Not Like Us,” dropped. Drake technically had the last word with his track, “The Heart Part 6,” but for all intents and purposes, Lamar won the rap battle because people felt his last song was better (and it outperformed the rest on most charts). 

	While fans have speculated Drake was feeling low after seemingly being defeated, Gordo explained that wasn’t the case, noting the Canadian rapper has seemed in good spirits lately. 

	“Ever since all this has happened… I’ve seen him happier,” he said. “It’s really weird. He’s pretty jolly… The internet makes it seem like, ‘Oh, that photo, he’s all sad and shit.’ That’s just a bad photo from a bad camera. But because it’s him, it’s put under a magnifying glass like, ‘Oh, look at his eyes. He’s looking a little droopy. He hasn’t slept.’ But the guy’s been happy as shit, to be honest. He’s chilling.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.