By
During a recent interview with Power 106’s Brown Bag Mornings, Cash Money legends Juvenile and Mannie Fresh mentioned that they are open to performing with Kendrick Lamar at Super Bowl LIX. 
“Oh, we are there,” said Juvenile at 16:01 when asked if Kendrick Lamar had called them for the halftime show. “Kendrick is one of the best performers we’ve ever seen. In the hip-hop world, he raises the bar. So it’s something that everybody wants to see. So, if he makes the call, I’m there.”
Hip-hop has had mixed reactions to Lil Wayne’s not performing in his hometown since the announcement of the halftime show. Weezy addressed the selection in an Instagram post in September. Although Juvenile and Mannie Fresh regret not having Lil Wayne perform at the NFL championship, they understand the committee’s decision.
Mannie Fresh cleared up past comments on the Super Bowl performance after being asked if they would perform with K-Dot. He said, “The thing is, the internet, makes something that it’s not. Feel like we took a side because we said, ‘It would be cool if Wayne was in it.’ Of course we do, that’s our team. But, respectfully, Kendrick is … He’s that dude.” 
Juvenile added: “Never thrown shade on Kendrick, not one time. I don’t live my life like that anyway. I don’t like to tear somebody else down to lift somebody else up. But, I feel like Wayne was campaigning for that spot. He came out months ahead of time asking for it. At least consider him, give him a call, or something.”
On September 9, Jay-Z, a member of the committee selecting Super Bowl performers, made a statement regarding Kendrick Lamar’s selection. It reads:
“Kendrick Lamar is truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer. His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision. He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.”
Fat Joe, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg are among hip-hop’s biggest names to defend Jay-Z’s selection of Kendrick Lamar. Super Bowl LIX takes place on February 9, 2025.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97