Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
With less than a month of summer to go, it's not too late to check out Spotify's top songs of the summer.
Spotify released its Global Songs of Summer list exclusively on TODAY Aug. 28. The artists include a few familiar names — by now, we all love Billie Eilish, don't we? — as well as names that are relatively new to the top of the charts, like Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter.
Spotify typically shares two longer lists of its most-streamed summer songs each year, one consisting of the most popular songs in the U.S. and another showing its most popular summer songs from around the globe.
In 2024, the streaming giant shared a shorter list its five most popular global summer hits, along with interesting facts about the tracks, including remarks about each song's cultural impact.
The songs have been hand-picked by Spotify’s global music editorial team to, as it stated in a press release, "represent the various sounds and moments that defined summer 2024 for listeners across the Northern Hemisphere."
Sound fun? Read on to learn which songs made the cut.
The Spotify folks call Eilish's "Birds of a Feather" a "refreshing return to tempo." The song, from Eilish's third studio album, "Hit Me Hard and Soft," has been quickly rising to the No. 1 spot on Spotify’s global charts with over 855 millions streams and counting.  
Eilish performed a live rendition of “Birds of a Feather” during the closing ceremony at the 2024 Paris Olympics. The following day alone, the song was streamed more than 9 million times around the world on Spotify.
It's been Chappell Roan's summer at Spotify, with the synth-pop star's popularity skyrocketing thanks to a stream of catchy, danceable singles and headline-making appearances at music festivals including Coachella, Bonnaroo and Lollapalooza.
One of those songs, “HOT TO GO!”, saw its biggest spike of the summer on June 10, the day after the singer performed at Governors Ball Music Festival in New York City. 
Lamar's ongoing feud with Drake heated up this year with both artists releasing multiple diss tracks to air grievances about one another.
Lamar's "Not Like Us" earned a spot on Spotify's global list this summer. The "razor sharp" track, says the Spotify team, "transcended the rap beef that brought it to life and became an anthem for the summer."
In fact, the song's popularity drove a surge in streams of Lamar's entire catalog. After the rapper released the song's official video on July 4, "Not Like Us" spent 28 consecutive days at the No. 1 spot on Spotify’s US Chart.
Carpenter's catchy "Espresso," with its accompanying beach-themed video, "immediately felt like the song of the summer before the season even started," notes the Spotify team.
The song's sunny vibe and "idiosyncratic" lyrics — "That’s that me espresso!" — has helped give it staying power on the streaming service all summer long.
"Espresso" spent 20 days this season at the No. 1 spot on Spotify's global charts, topping 25 regional charts in countries like Australia, Malaysia, Jordan and Singapore. 
Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)," which borrows from J-Kwon‘s 2004 single "Tipsy," blends multiple genres of music to create a "timeless summer anthem," says the team at Spotify.
The song notably made Shaboozey the second Black artist (after Beyoncé earlier this year) to score a No. 1 on both Billboard's Hot 100 singles chart and its Hot Country Songs, Billboard said in July.
Since June, the "infectious singalong" has also been in the No. 1 spot on Spotify’s Charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Norway, Sweden and the U.S.
Gina Vivinetto is a trending news reporter for TODAY.com
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.