The topics are addressed on the album's intro track "wacced out murals."

													By
												

	Angel Diaz


Kendrick Lamar still has a couple axes to grind.

	The Compton rapper surprised everyone by dropping his sixth studio album, GNX, and he addressed a bunch of things. A couple of the most notable topics he broached were that of Lil Wayne and his friends being upset that Lamar was chosen by Jay-Z and the NFL to headline the upcoming Super Bowl Halftime Show, and Snoop Dogg reposting Drake’s diss song “Taylor Made Freestyle” even thought he was confused by the Toronto rapper using an A.I. version of his voice.

	On “wacced out murals'” second verse, he raps, “Used to bump Tha Carter III, I held my Rollie chain proud/ Irony, I think my hard work let Lil Wayne down,” referring to the New Orleans rapper posting a video about how hurt he was about not being chosen to headline the Super Bowl in his hometown.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					






















	
		
					Lil Wayne		
					






















	
		
					Snoop Dogg		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	He then addressed his OG, rapping, “Snoop posted ‘Taylor Made,’ I prayed it was the edibles/ I couldn’t believe it, it was only right for me to let it go.” And he also mentioned another legend, revealing that he was the only one to show him love after he announced that he was headlining the Super Bowl Halftime Show, saying, “Won the Super Bowl and Nas the only one congratulate me.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	For what it’s worth, Snoop recently credited Kendrick while on Drink Champs for unifying West and he tweeted out today that it was indeed the edibles that made him post “Taylor Made” and referred to Kenny as “West West King.”

	Go stream GNX now if you haven’t and check out the best lines for a crash course.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.