Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





Drake wasn’t the only one catching strays on Kendrick Lamar’s album GNX — the rapper also addressed getting the Super Bowl halftime show over Lil Wayne on “wacced out murals.” Wayne didn’t let it go unnoticed, posting “Man wtf I do?!” after the album’s release. But now, he’s saying Lamar actually has his blessing for the show — even if Wayne won’t be watching.
November 23: You cannot poke a bear and then ask why it bites you. Especially when the bear practically obliterated Drake multiple times this year in several songs, including a Grammy-nominated one. Lil Wayne is confused as to why Kendrick Lamar called him out by name in the opening track “Wacced Out Murals” in his surprise album GNX: “Used to bump Tha Carter III, I held my Rollie chain proud / Irony, I think my hard work let Lil Wayne down.” Wayne must’ve been haunted in the middle of the night by the lyric as on November 23, he posted on X at 4 a.m. ET, “Man wtf I do?! I just be chillin & dey still kome 4 my head. Let’s not take kindness for weakness. Let this giant sleep. I beg u all. No one really wants destruction,not even me but I shall destroy if disturbed. On me. Love.”
But Lamar’s name drop didn’t come out of the blue, despite what Wayne believes. When Lamar was announced as the 2025 Super Bowl performer, Wayne took it personally, as New Orleans is his hometown, and he thought he was a shoo-in for the gig. “It made me feel like shit, not getting this opportunity, and when I felt like shit, you guys reminded me that I ain’t shit without y’all,” he shared in an Instagram Reel at the time. Wayne got off easy considering how “Not Like Us” went this year. Now he knows what Father John Misty must feel like.
December 17: Don’t worry, Kendrick Lamar hasn’t started another rap beef. Weeks after the release of “wacced out murals,” Lil Wayne said he has no ill will toward Lamar over the Super Bowl — and actually, he has his blessing for the show. “I’ve spoken to him and I wished him all the best and told him he better kill it,” Wayne told sports commentator Skip Bayless on his YouTube show. Wayne also revealed he never actually listened to the song and said the first time he heard the lyrics was when Bayless read them to him. “I think he’s a fan like I’m a fan of his music,” Wayne said. “I think he meant he saw what everyone else saw: He saw how much it meant to me.” But contrary to what Lamar rapped, Wayne said he “didn’t let me down.” Don’t start speculating about any guest appearances, though — Wayne added that he’s “not going to even be in the country” for the Big Game.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?