Drake is now pulling back after facing legal threats from Tupac Shakur's estate, with the Grammy award-winning hip-hop artist recently taking down the diss track, Taylor Made, which used AI-generated voices from West Coast legendary rappers.
 This featured AI-generated deepfake voices of Tupac and Snoop Dogg, with its massive hit prompting legal action for this unauthorized use.
Future, Metro Boomin, and Kendrick Lamar's diss against Drake prompted two drops from the Canadian-born hip-hop artist, but it is not exactly tailor-made as it relied on AI.
Taylor Made is now gone, the infamous Drake diss track which he made in response to Future, Metro Boomin, Kendrick Lamar's Like That, and the entire WE DON'T TRUST YOU album.
Originally released on Drake's X account, the song is now gone from the platform after a fiasco with Tupac's estate after the unconsented use of the deceased rapper's voice using AI.
This follows the threat of a lawsuit from Tupac's estate which did not appreciate Drizzy's use of Tupac Shakur's voice via AI, giving him two options including taking it down in the next 24 hours or facing the legal battle. Drake chose the first option.
However, his other diss track, Push Ups, is still live, already available on streaming platforms like Apple Music, Spotify, and more, best known for being an alleged AI-generated track.
Read Also:
Drake Responds to Alleged AI Track 'Push Ups,' With a Deepfake
Drake did not drag out the threat for long and backed away from the impending lawsuit, which would have made a significant dent against him, especially during this diss era against the D.O.T., Future, and Metro.
On the other hand, Snoop Dogg, whose voice was also used on Taylor Made via generative AI, did not take legal action against the Certified Lover Boy.
Drake has solidified himself as one of the top rappers of this generation, with the artist still being active despite seeing almost 20 years since he first started in the mid-2000s.
The modernization era also put its sights on Drake, with generative AI audio using his voice to create the 2023 hit song, Heart on My Sleeve, which also featured fellow Canadian, The Weeknd, on vocals.
It is known that Spotify was the one that took down the song from the streaming platform after the massive trend on TikTok and the listening numbers driving up on the Swedish streaming app.
However, the Champagne Papi also expressed his distaste for AI using artists' voices without their consent, throwing shade against the tech.
That being said, two tracks from Drake featured AI, with Push Ups still behind allegations, but Taylor Made is the more obvious one as it featured a dead rapper's voice.
The back-and-forth diss tracks from Drake saw immense popularity, but also raised the attention of Tupac's estate, initially threatening a lawsuit for its unconsented use, but is now taken down by Drizzy himself.
Related Article :
Drake Facing Potential Legal Battle With Shakur Estate Over Diss Track Featuring AI-generated 2Pac
ⓒ 2025 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!