The music corporation claims the rapper has no case.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Universal Music Group has responded after being named in a potential lawsuit filed by Drake‘s company accusing the company of unethical practices. The chart-topping rapper is accusing his own distributor of using Spotify in efforts to inflate the streaming numbers of Kendrick Lamar‘s “Not Like Us,” diss record.

	In a statement to Variety on Monday (Nov. 25), the music corporation acknowledged and called the verified petition “absurd.”

	“The suggestion that UMG would do anything to undermine any of its artists is offensive and untrue,” detailed the memo. “We employ the highest ethical practices in our marketing and promotional campaigns. No amount of contrived and absurd legal arguments in this pre-action submission can mask the fact that fans choose the music they want to hear.“

	










	In legal documents obtained by VIBE, his legal team asserts UMG  “launched a campaign to manipulate and saturate the streaming services and airwaves with a song, ‘Not Like Us,’ in order to make that song go viral, including by using ‘bots’ and pay-to-play agreements.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Filed by Drake’s Frozen Moments LLC, the application claims the music corporation participated in “payola” and “did not rely on chance, or even ordinary business practices, to ‘break through the noise.'” Spotify is the only platform directly named as a respondent. However, the paperwork asserts, “UMG appears to have used similar tactics with other streaming services. On information and belief, UMG paid, or approved payments to, Apple Inc. to have its voice-activated digital assistant ‘Siri’ purposely misdirect users to ‘Not Like Us.’”

	In his petition, the Canadian rapper is also seeking “documents and communications sufficient to show the dates, methods, and amounts of financial benefit, whether in the form or direct payment or reduced licensing fees, provided to Spotify by UMG/Interscope, its agents, or anyone working on its behalf in exchange for the promotion, publication, or recommendation of the Song on Spotify.” He’s also requesting “documents and communications sufficient to show what Spotify agreed to provide and did provide in exchange for any such benefits.”

	










	A representative for Spotify declined to comment after VIBE reached out requesting a statement.

	“Not Like Us” was released in May 2024 and, so far, sits as the musical climax of the ongoing feud between Kendrick Lamar and Drake. It’s the most commercially successful release by either camp directed at the other since their beef boiled over this spring.

	Produced by Mustard, the anthem became an undisputed song of the summer, debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, broke records on the Hot Rap Songs chart, and is currently nominated for Record Of The Year, Song Of The Year, Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, and Best Music Video at the 2025 Grammy Awards.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.