"Different people who come into play when decisions like that are made." 

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Fabolous has come out in defense of JAY-Z amid the blacklash he’s received from disgruntled fans and rap artists over Kendrick Lamar’s selection as the Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show headliner. 

	In an Instagram Live video, Fab expressed his belief that JAY-Z was being unfairly singled out by those in disagreement with Kendrick being chosen as the halftime show performer over Lil Wayne. The Brooklyn rapper suggested that JAY-Z is likely one of multiple members of a committee that decides which acts will headline the show, and may not have the power to make the final call.

	










	“I do see people blaming it solely on JAY-Z when I don’t think that’s the truth,” Fabolous stated. “I feel like it’s different people who come into play when decisions like that are made.” 

	However, Fab did agree that Lil Wayne, who many felt should have been chosen as the Super Bowl Halftime Show performer, would have been a worthy candidate to take over the stage due to his connection to the city of New Orleans.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					JAY-Z Rape Accuser Files For Defamation Lawsuit To Be Dismissed		
			







	“I do think it would have been great for little Wayne, just because of how much he’s done in the game and how much he’s meant to New Orleans,” the “Breathe” creator said. “That would have been a great opportunity but you never know though. You never know if he’s going to be included, if that was something that was behind the scenes.” 

	The announcement that Kendrick Lamar will be the headliner of the Apple Music 2025 Super Bowl Halftime Show has led to much conjecture regarding whether JAY-Z, the NFL’s music strategist, and the league made the right call in choosing the Compton rapper over Lil Wayne, who has actively campaigned to headline the halftime show over the past year.

	Nicki Minaj, Birdman, and Juvenile are among the more vocal critics of Lil Wayne not being selected as the halftime show headliner, with all three airing their grievances regarding the decision on social media.

	Fabolous speaking out in defense of JAY-Z is indicative of their history, as the pair have collaborated on multiple occasions, most noticeably Fabolous’ 2007 single, “Brooklyn,” featuring JAY-Z and Uncle Murda.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.