"How do you win?"

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Shannnon Sharpe has blasted Kendrick Lamar for his “lack of morals” after accusating Drake of having sex with underage girls, but failing to providing concrete proof backing up his claims.

	During an episode of his Nightcap podcast with Chad “Ochocinco” Johnson, the former NFL stars discussed the ongoing war of words between the two emcees. At one point during the conversation, Sharpe expressed his belief that Lamar crossed the line by labeling Drake a pedophile, as he feels that particular charge could potentially be damaging to one’s reputation.

	










	“I can wear a lot of different hats but when you start putting that pedo, that jacket, you start putting that other stuff bro, that don’t fit me,” the three-time Super Bowl champion told Johnson. “Here’s the thing, even though it’s a rap beef or a diss or whatever, you know some people are gonna believe that now.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Anthony Edwards Mocks Shannon Sharpe's "Lakers In 5" Quote After Winning Playoff Series		
			







	Sharpe also appeared unsure that the end result of the heated back-and-forth between the two emcees would be productive for either party, with Johnson pointing to the excitement created among fans as the ultimate litmus test.

	The Club Shay Shay host also feels that Lamar put Drake in a losing situation, regardless if he responds to his accusations or not. “I don’t respond,” he said while examing the possible reaction to the Canadian’s denial, adding that one’s lack of engagement often lends credence to the claim in some people’s eyes.

	“Well, he didn’t respond so it must be true. So how do I win? If Drake doesn’t respond back, if it weren’t true, he’d have said it. He responds, Hit dogs holler. So how do you win?”

	See Shannon Sharpe’s comments on Kendrick Lamar and Drake’s beef below.
Shannon Sharpe and Ochocinco shame Kendrick Lamar for lying on Drake about having a daughter and says he lacks morals and principals pic.twitter.com/20J1SeuUcD
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.