While everyone last week was still talking about Kendrick Lamar’s latest album, “GNX,” Drake was spending his time with the most popular streamers on the internet.
Last week, the Toronto rapper hopped on stream with xQc, a popular online streamer based in Canada. Despite xQc’s popularity, not all hip-hop fans find him relevant, but a bunch of us tuned in because Drake is still one of the biggest rap artists in the world. Let’s be real. We were all wondering if he would say anything relating to his rival Kendrick Lamar.
He not only took some slight shots at K. Dot,  but he also seemed to have a problem with other artist. Want more? The Root decided to  list all the shady things he said on the stream, so you don’t have to. 
While he didn’t take any direct shots at Lamar, he made some indirect remarks about him.
At the beginning of the stream, he states, “I’m here as you can see fully intact. Mind, body, and soul in case you were wondering. You need facts to take me out, fairytales won’t do it.”
This is a reference to the number of allegations Lamar made against the Toronto rapper during the height of their beef, which includes claims that he has a daughter and that he’s a pedophile.
Lamar seemed to react to the words Drake spoke shortly afterward. Reli, a close friend of the “GNX,” artists shared a text exchange between the two.
At one point, Reli says, “You done turned blood into a streamer on Phillies.”
In response, all Lamar said was, “He trippin??!”
During the stream, xQc plays a “Bad Habit,” a popular song by Steve Lacy, who happens to be from Compton.
As the track is playing, Drake says, “This guy is like a fragile opp but it’s a good song though.”
Drake likely considers him an opp because Lacy was front and center at Lamar’s Pop Out Concert on Juneteenth, and was dancing like everyone else in attendance.
Lacy on the other hand found the comments quite funny, writing on Instagram, “who tryna be my…fragile opp.”
xQc also played a song by The Weeknd and then this happened: Drake quickly said, “You have to switch this song. You have to switch this one. Real Sixers don’t listen to that.”
The 6 God and The Weeknd, haven’t been cool for a while. Drake took several shots at Abel on “Push Ups” and “Family Matters.” In response, the “After Hours” singer didn’t say much.
The Weeknd was also present at Lamar’s Pop Out show, but was only in the crowd and did not go on stage.
Shockingly, “The Boy” also announced that he would be going on tour again in 2025. While this in itself wasn’t shade toward anyone in particular, he did say that it would start on February 9th, which happens to be the same day as the Super Bowl.
Unless you’ve been living under a rock, Lamar announced earlier this year that he would be headlining the Super Bowl halftime show in New Orleans, which caused quite a stir among hip-hop fans.