With the Rap Civil War escalating to new heights, here are all the rappers involved in seeking the "elimination of Drake." 

													By
												

	Carl Lamarre


	As the 2024 Rap Civil War wages on, Drake appears to have become a lone wolf, fighting an uphill battle against some of the genre’s brightest stars. 

	Though the blockbuster battle against Kendrick Lamar is the main event on the card, multiple other artists seemingly want to take a swipe at the OVO captain. And in response, Drake has framed this lyrical warfare as a ’20 V. 1′ contest, implying that he’s ready to take on multiple opponents at once. 

	Lines have been drawn ever since Lamar’s scorching verse on “Like That,” featured on the Metro Boomin and Future project We Don’t Trust You and spending three weeks atop the Hot 100 chart. More opponents have rallied alongside him since then: Rick Ross, A$AP Rocky and The Weeknd have all chosen their side and aligned with Kendrick, as well as Kanye West, who previewed his scathing verse against Drake on the unofficial “Like That (Remix).” 

	“[Future] called me and I went to the studio and laid that. We went through the creative process of adding the chords and called the Hooligans out in London to get on the joint,” Ye explained in an interview with Justin LaBoy over the weekend. “Everybody was very, very energized about the elimination of Drake.”

	The age-old saying that idols become rivals rings loud and clear for Drizzy, as some of his heroes (like Ross and Ye) have turned their backs on him, seemingly in hopes of watching his empire crumble. Billboard has compiled a list detailing everyone involved in the Rap Civil War, and their respective roles in taking down the 6 God. 

	Rozay entered the fray when he went on social media and filmed himself playing Kendrick’s “Like That” verse. This act threw many people off, considering the rich history between Ross and Drake: they’ve partnered on many hip-hop classics over the years, including DJ Khaled’s “I’m On One,” Ross’ “Aston Martin Music” and “Stay Scheming.” 

	When Drake released “Push Ups,” however, Ross was caught in the line of fire, as his “Gold Roses” collaborator noted he was the one who gave him his most prominent Hot 100 entries, including “Money in the Grave,” “Lemon Pepper Freestyle” and “I’m On One.” “Can’t believe he jumpin’ in, this ni–a turnin’ fifty / Every song that made it on the chart, he got from Drizzy,” spewed Drake. 

	Ross’s retaliation came in under three hours following the leak of “Push Ups”: on “Champagne Moments,” Rozay didn’t mince words, rapping, “Flow is copy-and-paste, Weezy gave you the juice / Another white boy at the park wanna hang with the crew.”

	The feud between Ross and Drake escalated to social media, where they began exchanging shots, ranging from who has more money and bigger property, to Ross’ weight, to Drake’s alleged cosmetic surgeries. 

	Arguably the mad scientist behind this Rap Civil War, Metro Boomin’s skirmish with Drake first began when the producer chose not to include the rapper on his song “Trance” from 2022’s Heroes and Villians album. In an interview with DJ Drama’s Streetz Is Watchin Radio, Metro claimed the song, which ultimately featured Travis Scott and Young Thug, was already done and didn’t need an additional verse. 

	“He really wanted to get on it, but I was letting him know that it was really just done for real. I was really just set on how it was,” Metro said. “I was like, ‘Bro, I ain’t trying to sell you no dream. I’m locked in where it was.’ He had hit me and was just like, ‘Let me see if there’s anything you could add to it.’ He was like, ‘If you don’t like it, then whatever.'”

	Despite the misunderstanding, Metro appeared on Drake and 21’s album Her Loss as a co-producer alongside DAVID x ELI for their song “More Ms.” Hower, things got rocky when Metro tweeted and deleted the following when speaking on award shows honoring Her Loss over his album: 

	“Yet her loss still keeps winning rap album of the year over H&V. proof that award shows are just politics and not for me,” Metro wrote in the deleted tweet. “Idc about awards honestly, the true award and REWARD is knowing that the music I spend so much time on brings joy to people’s everyday lives.”

	Shortly after, while appearing on Kick, Drake issued a message that some believed to be aimed at Metro. “And to the rest of you: The non-believers, the underachievers, the tweet-and-deleters, you guys make me sick to my stomach, fam,” he said during the live stream. 

	Metro seemed unbothered initially, saying there wasn’t any real issue between him and Drake. Still, that didn’t stop Metro from taking potshots at Drake on Instagram and Twitter the last few weeks, resulting in Drake ultimately calling him out on “Push Ups,” rapping: “Metro, shut your ho ass up and make some drums, n–a.” He also clowned him on social media, using clips from the film Drumline to punctuate his points about him focusing on his production. 

	The most significant piece on the board, and Drake’s actual opponent in this battle, is Kendrick Lamar. The squabble between these two rap heavyweights was once a fantasy when they first appeared on the rap scene. They collaborated on records, beginning with Drake’s 2011 “Buried Alive Interlude” from Take Care to Lamar’s “Poetic Justice” from Good Kid m.A.A.d City. Things went awry when a testy Lamar sought the crown and sniped at the entire rap industry on “Control.” Naming all his peers, including Drake and the song’s creator, Big Sean, Kendrick let it be known he was gunning for supremacy. 

	Years after, Lamar and Drake would throw cheap shots here and there, but nothing game-changing… until “Like That.” Lamar’s haymaker caused a frenzy in the hip-hop world as he denounced J. Cole’s mention of “The Big 3” from “First-Person Shooter,” rapping: “Motherf–k the big three, ni–a, it’s just big me.” Lamar’s onslaught continued as he pummeled Drake with more jabs, referring to his best work as a “light pack” and his inferior by rapping: “Prince outlived Mike Jack.”

	Weeks after “Like That” shook the rap landscape, Drake looked to return the favor, releasing not only “Push-Ups” but also his newly released “Taylor Made Freestyle,” which implemented the use of AI. Drake’s usage of the controversial technology was a bold take, as he wrote and recorded all three verses before later using the software to mimic Tupac and Snoop Dogg — Lamar’s heroes. 

	Future and Metro earned another ally for the Drake Takedown in The Weeknd when he was tagged in on “All To Myself.” Despite their Canadian ties, the singer skewered Drake and gloated about never having to sign up for OVO at the beginning of his career. “They could never diss my brothers, baby / When they got leaks in they operation / I thank God that I never signed my life away,” he sang. 

	Like with the rappers on this list, Drake pulled the trigger on his former collaborator, his Weeknd’s manager, and business partner Cash on “Push Ups.” “Yeah, I’m the 6ix God, I’m the frontrunner / Y’all ni–a manager was Chubbs lil’ blunt runner / Claim the 6ix and you boys ain’t even come from it / And when you boys got rich, you had to run from it / Cash blowin’ Abel bread, out here trickin’ / Sh-t we do for b–hes, he doin’ for ni–as.” 

	For his 2011 Take Care album, Drake tapped The Weeknd to appear on “Crew Love,” “Over My Dead Body,” and “The Ride.” Though The Weeknd had an opportunity to sign with OVO, he opted to forge his own path and turn down the deal. 

	To some, the most unexpected player in the “20 V 1” takedown of Drake is A$AP Rocky. Drake ignited the spark when he seemingly came after the Harlem rapper’s girlfriend Rihanna on 2023’s “Fear of Heights,” singing: “I’m anti, I’m anti/ Yeah, and the sex was average with you/ Yeah, I’m anti ’cause I had it with you.” Before Rocky and Rihanna became an item in 2020, Drake and Rihanna dated off and on, and later called it quits in 2017. 

	Rocky joined Future and Metro’s brigade on “Show of Hands” to wallop Drake. “Call up Pluto, Metro, should’ve put me on the first one / N—-s swear they bitch the baddest, I just bagged the worst one/ N—-s in they feelings over women, what, you hurt or somethin’? / I smash before you birthed, son, Flacko hit it first, son.”

	Rocky and Drake’s former friendship dates back to when the 6 God brought him along with Kendrick Lamar on his 2012 Club Paradise Tour. He also guest-starred on Rocky’s single “F–king Problems” with Lamar and 2 Chainz. 

	The brotherly bond between Drake and Future was decimated after We Don’t Trust You dropped last month. Many believed Future threw subliminals at his one-time partner in rhyme from the onset. The title track is full of clever barbs, including, “You a ni–a number-one fan, dog / Sneak dissin’, I don’t understand, dog / Pillowtalkin’, actin’ like a fed, dog / I don’t need another fake friend, dog / Can’t be ’bout a ho, ’cause we sharin’, dog / In you feelings, nigga, why you playin’, dog?”

	Not only did OVO loyalists find Future’s alliance with Lamar Judas-esque, considering his familial ties with Drake, but when The Weeknd and A$AP Rocky appeared on the album’s sequel We Still Don’t Trust You, he watched both parties send volleys towards the 6 God. Drake allegedly pounced on his old pal when “Push Ups” dropped,” as some insisted that these lyrics were aimed at Future: “I could never be nobody number-one fan /Your first number one, I had to put it in your hand.”

	The history between Drake and Future dates back to 2012, when Drizzy jumped on the “Tony Montana (Remix).” Since then, they went on tour together (Summer 16 Tour), did a collaborative album (2015’s What a Time to Be Alive), and have multiple Hot 100 heaters, such as Future’s 2020 single “Life Is Good” and Drake’s 2021 chart-topper “Way 2 Sexy,” which was Future’s first No. 1. 
A post shared by DJ Akademiks (@akademiks)

	The long, winding feud between Drake and Ye added a new chapter over the weekend when the controversial MC joined Metro Boomin, Future and Kendrick Lamar on the remix for the Hot 100 chart-topper, “Like That.” During a podcast with Justin Laboy, Ye unveiled his verse, which included darts thrown at Drake and J. Cole. “Kendrick spazzed out, that was thе best he gave ya / But y’all knew y’all had to save the best for later / Y’all so outta sight, outta mind (Outta sight) /I can’t even think of a Drake line,” he raps. 

	Ye’s venom didn’t stop there: He lambasted Drake during the interview with LaBoy, calling Universal Music Group CEO Lucien Grainge his “rich baby daddy” and explaining why he has been integral to Drake’s success. “He’s like, ‘My daddy got it. My daddy control the spins. My daddy got the DSPs.’ Drake has a rich baby daddy named Lucian.” According to Ye, Future reached out to him for the verse. A photo of Metro and Ye was also posted over the weekend, signaling the new alliance formed against Drake. 

	Ye and Drake’s back-and-forth reached its apex in 2018 during the latter’s rivalry with Pusha T, including his seething diss song “Duppy,” where Drizzy seemingly called out Kanye for ghostwriting songs for him, including 2016’s “30 Hours.” Years after, Drake continued throwing darts at Ye on songs, including “Sicko Mode” and “7 am on Bridle Path.” 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.