ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Kendrick Lamar joins Taylor Swift, 21 Savage, and Drake as the only musicians to claim seven top 10 ... More hits on the Hot 100 at the same time.   INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - JUNE 19: Kendrick Lamar performs onstage during The Pop Out – Ken & Friends Presented by pgLang and Free Lunch at The Kia Forum on June 19, 2024 in Inglewood, California. (Photo by Timothy Norris/Getty Images for pgLang, Amazon Music, & Free Lunch)
Kendrick Lamar shocked the music world when he dropped his new album GNX without warning a little more than a week ago. The moment the set arrived, it was destined to bring the rapper back to No. 1 on almost every Billboard chart, and that’s exactly what’s happened this frame.
As GNX becomes a powerful seller, and an even more massive streamer, the songs on the project have all also reached the charts. Lamar even manages to join one of the most exclusive clubs in the American music industry, as he dominates the Hot 100’s highest reaches.
Lamar occupies seven spots inside the top 10 on the Hot 100 this week. Seven tracks from GNX debut between Nos. 1 and 10, and that’s not something that’s seen very often. According to Billboard, the Grammy champion and current nominee is only the fourth musician to score that many simultaneous top 10 smashes on the list of the most-consumed tunes in the country.
Before Lamar, just three other stars had filled at least seven spaces within the Hot 100’s uppermost space in a single week, and two of them are rappers. 21 Savage, Taylor Swift, and even his rival, Drake, have previously managed the same showing…though not necessarily with exactly seven hits.
For example, Swift has twice conquered the entire top 10 on the Hot 100. She remains the only musician to do so, and she’s managed the incredible feat with both of her most recent new albums of entirely original material, Midnights and The Tortured Poets Department.
Drake has entered the seven top 10 hits at the same time club more than once as well. He once filled nine slots, back in the fall of 2021. The following year, he snagged eight new top 10s in one week. The Canadian chart-topper has managed exactly seven appearances inside the top 10 on two separate occasions.
Lamar leads the Hot 100 for the third time this year, as “Squabble Up” opens atop the tally. He claims the full top five, as “TV Off” with Lefty Gunplay, “Luther” with SZA, “Wacced Out Murals,” and “Hey Now” with Dody6 launch at Nos. 2, 3, 4, and 5, respectively. The next two spaces break up his smashes, but Lamar is back at Nos. 8 and 9 with “Reincarnated” and “Man at the Garden,” respectively.
Throughout his lengthy and storied career, Lamar has now collected a total of 22 top 10 hits on the Hot 100. Amazingly, 10 of those have reached the region in 2024 alone.