In a "plot twist," Drake has dropped three surprise tracks from an Instagram account named plottttwistttttt.
It seems that Drizzy had the mysterious page in the tuck for awhile, because on Tuesday (Aug. 6), he revealed the song files in an Instagram Stories on his main page. Among them are "It's Up" featuring 21 Savage and what appears to be Young Thug, "Blue Green Red," and "Housekeeping Knows" featuring Latto. Earlier this year, it was speculated that Drake was dating the Clayton County rapper's younger sister, Brooklyn Nikole.
Listen to "It's Up featuring 21 Savage and Young Thug, "Blue Green Red," and "Housekeeping Knows" featuring Latto below.
On the plottttwistttttt page was a behind-the-scenes promotional clip of Latto and Brooklyn for "Housekeeping Knows," which supposedly samples and interpolates the 2017 cut "Ridin' a Stick" by Miami's own DJ TTime.
The new songs were accompanied by a website called 100gigs.org, described as "100 gigs for your headtop." The massive dump of files features previously unseen glimpses into Drake’s lifestyle, recording sessions, and on-stage footage. There are unreleased songs from his Certified Lover Boy era, recording sessions with Noah “40” Shebib back from Drake’s temple fade haircut era, and even footage of the rapper recording what appears to be a reference track to Ye’s 2018 song, “Yikes.”
Over the weekend, Drake announced that he and PartyNextDoor are dropping an R&B album when the weather "gets a little chilly," but he could heat up the end of the year with another rap project. The Toronto native released multiple tracks during his back-and-forth with Kendrick Lamar in the spring, and from the sounds of it, Drake's new songs could be a response to K. Dot's speculation about his Atlanta ties as Thug, Latto, and 21 all represent the city.
"You run to Atlanta when you need a few dollars / No, you not a colleague, you a fuckin' colonizer" Kendrick rapped at the end of his Billboard chart-topping single "Not Like Us."
music | BY tara mahadevan
Soulja Boy Tells Drake He's 'Disappointed' in Him, Says None of His Collaborators Had His Back in Kendrick Beef
music | BY Alex Ocho
Akademiks Says Speculation of Drake Dropping Song That Samples Michael Jackson’s “Man in the Mirror” Is 'Not True'
music | BY Brad Callas
Drake Fan Covers Tattoo With Kendrick Lamar Portrait Plus 'BBL Drizzy' Tag for Good Measure
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.