The California-born rapper and singer was supposed to headline the festival on Friday (March 29). 

													By
												

	Griselda Flores

Senior Editor, Latin

Kendrick Lamar was a no-show on Friday (March 29) at Tecate Pa’l Norte, where he was set to headline the Tecate Light stage. 

	Just hours before he was scheduled to take the stage on day one of the festival, which takes place at the Parque Fundidora in Monterrey, Nuevo León, in Mexico, the event’s organizers announced on an Instagram post that the California-born rapper would not be performing. 

	“For unforeseen circumstances due to logistical issues out of Tecate Pal Norte’s organization — we’re sorry to announce that Kendrick Lamar won’t be able to perform tonight at the festival,” an official statement said. 

	Lamar was supposed to follow Peso Pluma, who performed past his scheduled time slot. “We appreciate Peso Pluma for extending his showtime. Deorro will be closing Tecate Light Stage. The programmed shows of the Festival will run as planned,” the statement continued. 

	










	Peso took advantage of the extra time to perform more back-to-back corridos, including “Rubicon,” “AMG,” “PRC” and “Lady Gaga.” He also brought out guests Jasiel Nuñez (“Lagunas” and “Rosa Pastel”) and Luis Vega (“Rubicon” and Yng Lvcas (“La Bebe – Remix”) during his set. According to organizers, the festival was at capacity with 100,000 people in attendance, which is the number of people expected per day. 

	The three-day festival is taking place March 29-31 with other artists such as Blink-182, Thirty Seconds to Mars, Maná, Anitta, Fuerza Regida and Louis Tomlinson set to perform. Day one included sets by Keane, Belanova, Kevin Kaarl and Aitana. 

	See the official statement on Kendrick Lamar’s cancellation below: 
A post shared by Tecate Pal Norte (@tecatepalnorte)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.