"I sent a note. I said 'Hey, let's not play anyone's music that's feuding with anyone that's there.'"

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Kendrick Lamar‘s “Not Like Us” music video dropping on July 4 was a moment, largely because rap rival Drake was at Michael Rubin‘s annual All-White Party with other rappers and celebrities that same day. The Fanatics owner has now confirmed that he did not allow DJs to play the song out of consideration of his friend.

	Rubin appeared on The Breakfast Club Wednesday (Aug. 14) and was asked about his annual festivities, specifically the rumor that he did not allow the hit diss record to be played. “It was true,” he said. “Drake‘s my friend for a long time. I’m not gonna invite him and then have–look, he’s obviously going through a little bit of a battle right now […] I just didn’t think it was appropriate, so I just sent a note. I said ‘Hey, let’s not play anyone’s music that’s feuding with anyone that’s there.'”

	










	Rubin asserted that the decision came from him and was not something the Toronto superstar asked him to do. He even revealed that he held a BBQ the night before the All-White Party, which the “It’s Up” artist attended, and the song played before he arrived. “They turned the music on in my house and put RapCaviar on. ‘Not Like Us’ came on and in the middle of ‘Not Like Us’ I’m like ‘Get that off! Get that off!'” 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Michael Rubin confirms that ‘Not Like Us’ by Kendrick Lamar wasn’t allowed to be played at his all white party when Drake was there on The Breakfast Club pic.twitter.com/bBXi0iMTB4

	DJ Envy asked Michael Rubin about the viral photos of Drake looking exhausted at the party, with Rubin clearing up rumors about that, as well. “He had a great time,” the former Philadelphia 76ers minority stake owner said. “Someone just said something to me about social media: ‘You’ve got to be built for social media. You’ve got to be tough. You’ve got to take sh*t from people.’ […] Look, Drake is an iconic artist that we all have tremendous respect for. What I said to Drake, and I really believe this, is this is a great test for him. You can’t get to where he’s got to and not have people coming for you.”

	Rubin admitted that he sleeps with one eye open and acknowledged that success comes with hatred. “He’s going to come out with lots of incredible music and people are gonna say ‘That’s why Drake is Drake,” he claimed. The 6 God has lived up to Rubin’s words with his recent 100 GIGS three-pack featuring Young Thug, 21 Savage, and Latto. 

	On Spotify alone, the songs have racked up over 11 million streams over the last five days. As for Apple Music, “It’s Up” featuring Thugger and Savage is No. 6 on the Top 100 Global chart, No. 4 on the Top 100 USA chart, No. 4 on Top 100 Canada chart, and No. 1 on the NYC, Miami, Houston, and Washington, D.C. regional charts. The ultimate test will be where these songs fall on the Billboard Hot 100, especially with Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” maintaining its place within the top ten for the last few months.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.