By J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:12, 29 May 2024   |  Updated:  02:33, 29 May 2024   
 2
View  comments
Drake is currently in the middle of a messy feud with fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar. 
And on Monday, the Hotline Bling hitmaker, 37, received some moral support from his friend and frequent collaborator 21 Savage.
Savage - real name Shéyaa Bin Abraham-Joseph - brought Drake out on stage to perform Rich Flex and Knife Talk at his recent Toronto concert, as per fan footage shared to YouTube.
He also offered some kind words to Drake, telling the sold-out crowd, 'That's a good n***a right there, a genuine n***a. We need more n****s like him in the culture. On my momma, straight up.'
It comes after A-lister Tom Hanks bizarrely weighed in on the explosive Drake and Kendrick feud this week - in hilarious messages shared by his son Chet.
Drake joined his friend 21 Savage on stage at Savage's Toronto concert on Monday; 21 Savage and Drake seen in December 2022
21 Savage - real name Shéyaa Bin Abraham-Joseph - brought Drake out on stage to perform Rich Flex and Knife Talk at his Toronto concert; 21 Savage pictured on May 25
Chet, 33, who has previously dabbled in rap music, shared screenshots showing texts between him and Oscar winner Tom, 67, discussing the rappers' row.
The texts began with Tom - saved as 'Pops' in Chet's phone -  writing: 'Big Main, can you explain the Drake Kendrick Lamar feud to me?' 
Chet responded: 'Yeah, so Drake and this other dude J Cole been saying they along with Kendrick are the "Big 3" in Rap. Then Kendrick put out a song saying, "F*** the Big 3, it’s just big ME" initiating the beef.'
Chet, who has rapped under the alias Chet Haze, added: 'Then Drake was like, "You got small feet cuz you’re like 5 foot 5 or whatever." And then Kendrick was like, "You’re a dead beat dad and made fun of his Canadian accent"'.
'But it didn’t even matter cuz then Kendrick dropped another West Coast banger where he really went in on labeling Drake a pedophile that was pretty much the sonic equivalent of when you took me to your high school in Oakland and we walked in on the basketball game and everybody started going nuts.
'Like if you heard it you would just automatically know how to Crip walk with a stank face while clutching an Oscar in each hand with Marshawn Lynch, then dap him up and tell him "Town Bidness" which solidified the win not only for Kendrick but the entire West Coast.'
Tom responded: 'Holy cow! Those are fighting words! People taking sides?? Who's winning???' with Chet retorting: 'Did you not just read what I said' followed by three crying with laughter emojis. 
Drake is currently in the middle of a messy feud with fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar. Lamar recently dropped a retaliatory diss track against nemesis Drake - questioning the biracial rapper's ethnicity in shock lyrics
Tom Hanks bizarrely weighed in on the explosive Drake and Kendrick feud this week - in hilarious messages shared by his son Chet Hanks
The texts began with Tom writing: 'Big Main, can you explain the Drake Kendrick Lamar feud to me?'
Tom responded: 'Holy cow! Those are fighting words! People taking sides?? Whose winning???' 
Canadian rapper Drake, and the American musician Kendrick, arguably two of the world's biggest hip-hop voices, have been embroiled in a furious rivalry for years - which heated up recently after the two released a slew of shocking diss tracks about one another. 
They started off as friends, and even collaborated on each other's records in their early careers.
The rap rivals even happily toured together in 2012 during Drake's $42.6M-grossing, 65-date Club Paradise Tour.
But things seemed to turn sour in 2013, when Kendrick named dropped Drake in his song Control.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group