By
Lil Wayne is headed to Vegas for his first-ever dual residency, at hotspots Zouk Nightclub and Drai’s Beachclub & Nightclub.
Per TMZ, the “A Milli” rapper is gearing up to kick off his first performance on June 29 at Drai’s Nightclub, followed by a show at Zouk Las Vegas on July 12. Looks like Vegas is about to get hit with a double dose of Weezy magic!
Concertgoers can expect to hear some of the Grammy-winning rapper’s early career chart-toppers (with Cash Money Records) to his impressive solo catalog.
“We are incredibly excited to welcome Lil Wayne to Zouk Las Vegas. His dynamic performances and legendary status make him the perfect artist to launch this transformative residency. We look forward to providing an unparalleled nightlife experience for all to enjoy this monumental artist,” said Joe Lopez, Vice President of Zouk, in a statement.
“We cannot wait to continue our longstanding relationship with Lil Wayne and have him return as a resident artist at Drai’s. We could not align with a more dynamic artist to welcome this debut residency partnership,” added Dustin Drai, President of Drai’s Management Group, per Baller Alert.
Last month, Lil Wayne made headlines after he was dragged into the ongoing feud between Drake and Kendrick Lamar.
In “Not Like Us,” Lamar reminded fans that Drake slept with Lil Wayne’s ex-girlfriend while his mentor was serving his one-year sentence at Riker’s Island in 2010. Lil Wayne’s former girlfriend? The legendary video vixen Tammy Torres.
Fans shocked to discover Lil Wayne spoke on girlfriend Tammy Torres cheating on him with Drake in songs “How To Hate” and “6 Foot 7 Foot“ amid Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” Claimspic.twitter.com/oFT23nX06m
“Fucked on Wayne girl while he was in jail, that’s connivin’ / Then get his face tatted like a bitch apologizin’,” K. Dot raps.
Touching briefly on the subject in his memoir, Gone ‘Til November, in 2016, Wayne wrote: “Finding out that she [Torres] fucking Drake was the absolute worst thing I could have found out. Drizzy came to see me, he was like, ‘Yeah, it’s true’. Damn! This is the type of s**t a man never wants to find out while he is locked up.” 
Lil Wayne also tackled the topic of his girlfriend infidelity on The Carter 4 tracks “6 Foot 7 Foot” and “How To Hate.” On “How To Hate,” Wayne raps, “I had a redbone, but she be tripping though / All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeon-toed / She used to always say, fuck my niggas / And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggas.”
Further, in “6 Foot 7 Foot” (feat. Corey Gunz), the 41-year-old spits: “Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy / But hoes gon’ be hoes, so I couldn’t blame Tammy.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97