By
On September 11, Kendrick Lamar asked what Christian rap superstar Lecrae would do in a similar situation in his new song, “Untitled.” Using the same rollout, Lecrae answers Lamar’s inquiry with an “untitled” new song released on Saturday (September 14). 
In Lamar’s new song, which many have titled “Watch The Party Die,” he raps: “I spare no feelings that ain’t mine, I’m in my feelings when I slide, I mean / A n***a wonder what Lecrae would do / F**k these n**gas up or show ’em just what prayer do?” 
A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar)
While Lamar’s Instagram post showed a worn-out pair of Black Air Force 1s, Lecrae’s Instagram post includes a crisp all-white pair. The “I’ll Find You” hitmaker raps about the optics of responding to Kendrick while addressing fans claiming the response as “clout chasing.”
“I was wrestling, like, should I write a verse?” raps Lecrae. “The culture got enough clout-chasing vultures out here tryna prove they worth/ They need attention, they can’t imagine me not trying to make myself look bigger off of this Kendrick mention/ I can’t imagine his position.”
A post shared by Lecrae (@lecrae)
On the track, Lecrae dives into his background, including gang-affiliated relatives and mischief. The wages he accumulated through music haven’t always been used for positive purposes.
He continued: “Before I got on my mission, I was a party victim/ I bought the party favors, I used the trauma, my single mama to justify the commas to pay the Devil’s wages, whooh, huh.” 
Hailing from Houston, Texas, Lecrae is a four-time Grammy Award winner. Before releasing the latest song, he sat down with podcast hosts Rory and Mal to discuss Kendrick’s new song. In the conversation, he would tell a story about attempting to preach the word in a trap house. 
“I ran up on a dope house one time and was like ‘I’m about to tell them about Jesus,” he tells the hosts as they laugh. “And that didn’t go well either.”
A post shared by New Rory & MAL (@newrorynmal)
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97