Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
If you missed the Ben Affleck movie The Accountant, which came out in theaters in 2016, good news: The Accountant is now streaming on Netflix.
Directed by Gavin O’Connor, with a screenplay by Bill Dubuque, The Accountant stars Affleck as a sort of autistic superhero figure. (Some autism advocacy groups praised the film’s portrayal of the wide-ranging neurological disorder, while others members of the community condemned it.)  The movie was a box office hit when it opened in 2016, and then found a second life on digital platforms, including the subscription streaming service Apple TV+. Earlier this month, Deadline reported that Amazon Studios had a landed a deal a sequel to The Accountant, acquiring the movie from Warner Bros. Most of the original cast will be returning. 
The Accountant will doubt find a large audience on Netflix, which means quite a few people will be watching the movie this week and wondering: What does it mean, what does it all mean?
Don’t worry, Decider is here to help. Read on for a full breakdown of The Accountant plot summary and The Accountant ending explained, including what that painting in The Accountant means.
A man who goes by the alias Christian Wolff (Affleck) is a highly skilled accountant, who handles the books for criminal clients. We learn via flashbacks that Christian is autistic. He is sensitive to light, sound, and physical touch, and has a compulsive need to finish a task once he’s began. His mother abandons Christian and his younger brother, leaving both kids with their ruthless, military father (Rob Treveile). Dear old Dad decides the best way to “cure” Christian of his autism is to relentlessly expose him to the light, noise, and touch that triggers him. Oh, and also to train him and his brother in martial arts and encouraging them to use violence to solve all conflict. What could possibly go wrong?
As an adult, Christian is hired to audit a firm called Living Robotics, which creates robotic prosthetics for amputees. The Living Robotics in-house accountant Dana Cummings (Anna Kendrick) found a discrepancy in the books, and now Christian needs to find out whether she just made a mistake, or if the discrepancy is real. Christian quickly discovers that someone has embezzled over $60 million from the company. He informs the company’s CEO’s sister, Rita (Jean Smart), but tells her he doesn’t know who was stealing. That same night, a mysterious hitman (Jon Bernthal) pays a visit to Living Robotics CFO Ed Chilton (Andy Umberger) and forces him to overdose on insulin. So, apparently it was that guy who was stealing?
The next day at work, Living Robotics CEO Lamar Blackburn (John Lithgow) erases all of Christian’s work (before he was done with it!) and tells him the job is done, and to leave. Christian is later attacked by hitmen, and learns they will target Dana next. But she was so nice to him! She liked art, too! He manages to save her, and takes her to his safe haven in a mobile trailer home, which is filled with original artwork, including a Jackson Pollack painting. We know this painting means a lot to Christian, thanks to a phone conversation he has with a mysterious British woman, who uses an artificial voice simulator and operates as Christian’s “guy in the chair.” We will later learn that these original art works are Christian’s preferred form of payment.
After Christian discovers that Rita has also been killed, he tells Dana that he suspects CEO Lamar Blackburn is actually the one who has been stealing. He’d hired Christian in the hopes that he wouldn’t find the booking discrepancy, which would mean his crime was adequately hidden, and he could go public with his company. Unfortunately, Christian did find the discrepancy, so now Blackburn is having everyone who knows about the embezzlement killed. And Christian and Dana are the last targets on the list.
While all this is going on, the Treasury Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Ray King (J.K. Simmons) assigns a young agent at his department, Marybeth Medina (Cynthia Addai-Robinson), a new job: She must track down the identity of the mysterious accountant who has appeared in the background of multiple criminal cases over the years. The accountant, is, of course, Christian. Agent Medina eventually does track down his identity. King reveals that he knows Christian Wolff and has been accepting tips from him as an FBI informant. He wants Medina to keep taking tips from Wolff after he retires. 
This story comes with a whole convoluted backstory about how Wolff once spared King’s life, and also befriended another FBI informant, Jeffrey Tambor, in prison. King felt guilty that he didn’t protect Tambor, so now he protects Christian Wolff. Also, the reason Christina went to prison is because he and his father went to their estranged mother’s funeral, a fight broke out, and Christian’s father died to protect Christian. It’s a whole complicated thing!
Medina says she can’t accept tips from a murderer and criminal… but then the phone rings. It’s Wolff’s British woman handler, with a tip about the fraud committed by Living Robotics CEO Lamar Blackburn. Will she take the tip?
Meanwhile, Christian hunts down Lamar, determined to kill him before he can kill Dana. Lamar protects himself with an elite team of hitmen, led by Jon Bernthal, aka Braxton. But when Braxton sees the guy he’s been hired to take down… he realizes it’s his long lost brother. The two brothers reunite, and Christian apologizes for disappearing. He tells him he didn’t want to put Braxton in danger by getting him involved with his dangerous clients. Christian also kills Lamar, which Braxton seems fine with. Christian promises to call his brother soon.
At the end of the movie, we return to the special facility for kids with autism—Harbor Neuroscience—where a young Christian Wolff was taken at the beginning of the movie. It’s revealed that Christian’s “guy in a chair” is actually the facility owner’s autistic daughter, whom Christian once met as a young boy. She is entirely non-verbal, but she uses a fancy computer and a voice simulator to communicate. 
As for Medina, she took over King’s role and holds a press conference about the investigation into the Living Robotics fraud case. Apparently, she agreed to take tips from Christian Wolff after all! 
In the final scene of the movie, Dana receives a special delivery in the mail. It’s a painting of “Dogs Playing Poker,” a painting she had discussed with Christian. But then Dana realizes there is another painting inside the painting: The original Jackson Pollack, which she had admired in Christian’s trailer. Obviously, that painting is worth a lot of money—but more importantly, it meant a lot to Christian. So the fact that Christian gave that painting to Dana means that he really, really likes her. Awww.
In the final scene of the movie, we see Christian driving away in his mobile home. What happens next? Well, you’ll just have to wait for The Accountant 2 to find out.

This story has been shared 1,517 times.
1,517


This story has been shared 1,475 times.
1,475


This story has been shared 532 times.
532


This story has been shared 357 times.
357


This story has been shared 331 times.
331


This story has been shared 290 times.
290


This story has been shared 272 times.
272


This story has been shared 255 times.
255


This story has been shared 231 times.
231


This story has been shared 169 times.
169


This story has been shared 156 times.
156


This story has been shared 151 times.
151


This story has been shared 147 times.
147


This story has been shared 98 times.
98


This story has been shared 91 times.
91