Source: Alexander Tamargo / Getty
It’s been a hell of a year for rap star Kendrick Lamar. But not everyone is hailing his latest accomplishment as a win for the culture.
K. Dot was announced as this year’s Super Bowl halftime show headliner. The news came moments before Sunday’s slate of early NFL games. Super Bowl LIX will take place in New Orleans on Feb. 9, 2025.
In his announcement, Kendrick sits alone on a football field in front of a huge American flag. There are several not-so-subtle shots at Kendrick’s adversary Drake littered throughout the ad. However, that’s not why rap fans aren’t keen on the Compton emcee gracing the SB stage for the second time.
Some believe the league should’ve looked at a homegrown talent to shine in this momentous event.
Namely, New Orleans own and legendary rapper Lil Wayne.
Actually, before we get to that… Yes, of course Kendrick Lamar is big enough to do a Super Bowl by himself. Yes, Kung Fu Kenny is literally – literally – the hottest rapper in the world following his summer take down of Drake. There is absolutely no argument against that.
And also, yes, it’s true the Super Bowl has been in New Orleans plenty of times over the years. There was never this upcry of rap fans begging to see Tune on the big stage prior to this year… So, why now?
Well, simply put…
Because this year is different.
This year, a rapper, by himself, will hold down the halftime performance of the biggest concert in the world. That has never happened before. It’s a gigantic moment for hip hop, but could be an even bigger one for the city of New Orleans.
So, should that honor be bestowed to a moment? Or should that moment go to a person who’s put blood, sweat and tears in and around the arena that the Big Game will be played in?
Having Lil Wayne headline a Super Bowl halftime show is such an obviously correct decision that it should’ve already happened. Wayne clearly has the hits, crossover appeal and mainstream recognition to perform anywhere.
Anywhere.
The only thing that he doesn’t have is a high profile diss record against a rapper from Toronto.
But more than that, this year’s Super Bowl is in New Orleans. It’s in the city that was ravaged by Hurricane Katrina. I dare you to look for a rapper – actually, I challenge you to find any celebrity – who has done more for the city of New Orleans in the wake of that tragice natural disaster than Weezy F Baby.
Master P was one of the first to vocalize his desire for Tunechi to be a part of the next Super Bowl in the Superdome. He was also one of the most diplomatic in his approach to voicing his opinion.
“Salute to @kendricklamar for performing at the halftime show at Super Bowl LIX.. well deserved, he’s one of the hottest music artists in the world and has one of the biggest songs right now,” P posted on Instagram. “As Ambassador of Entertainment in the City of New Orleans I have to agree with the fans that @liltunechi #LilWayne should be a part of this celebration as well. ”
Lil Wayne’s YMCMB mates Nicki Minaj and Birdman weren’t as polite.
“You can love & respect Kendrick and still love & respect Wayne,” Minaj posted on X. “Even Kendrick loves & respects Wayne. Every real rapper loves & respects Wayne.”
““Hatin sh*t 4real,” wrote Birdman.
Even non group members voiced their displeasure with the selection. Boosie took to Instagram to voice his disdain with no Louisiana rappers being considered to rock the next Super Bowl. “ALL YALL ACTING LIKE YALL COOL WITH HOW THEY PLAYING IT FOR THE SUPERBOWL,” he wrote. “SMH THE MOST CULTURAL CITY N THE USA( NEW ORLÉANS)ITS A SMACK N THE FACE TO EVERY HIP HOP LEGEND FROM LOUISIANA.”
While I have no doubt that Kendrick will put on a show for the ages, I do question whether it’s moment will be greater than anything Lil Wayne would’ve been able to do.
DJ Akademiks Hurls Jabs At Jay-Z For Picking Kendrick Lamar At Super Bowl
Lil Wayne’s Engineer Expresses “Disappointment” Over Kendrick Lamar Super Bowl Halftime Gig


A New Orleans Super Bowl Headlined By A Rapper Not Named Lil Wayne Is Asinine 
						was originally published on
						zhiphopcleveland.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.