By NIKKI MAIN SCIENCE REPORTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:51, 6 May 2024   |  Updated:  16:44, 6 May 2024   
 16
View  comments
Drake and Kendrick Lamar's ongoing beef has left their devoted fans utterly divided over who's winning.
The rappers have released several diss songs against each other and their fan bases  are certain their team is winning. 
To try and strip biases out of the debate, we asked artificial intelligence chatbots who is winning the ongoing feud - and it produced some surprising insights.
Three out of four AI chatbots remained politically correct when addressing which rapper is winning the beef, calling it 'subjective' and saying it is up to the fans to decide.
But Meta's AI bot said Kendrick had a slight edge in the beef so far. 
Meta AI declared Kendrick Lamar as having an edge in his beef with Drake and said he appears to be winning 
Gemini called Drake a 'commercial powerhouse with numerous hit singles and albums that have topped the charts,' but said who is winning the feud remains subjective
'Ultimately, the winner of the Drake versus Kendrick Lamar beef is subjective and depends on personal preference,' said DeepAI. 
'Some may argue that Kendrick Lamar's technical skill and thought-provoking content give him the edge, while others may prefer Drake's hit-making ability and commercial success.'
Google's Gemini compared the two artists, saying Lamar's tracks offer 'hard-hitting wordplay' while many fans have enjoyed Drake's 'more accessible approach,' but ultimately said 'some believe both rappers landed punches, making it a draw.' 
It said that who's winning depends on what people value in a diss track and said that Drake directly responds to Lamar's accusations in his tracks which make it feel like a two-way conversation.
Meanwhile, Lamar has offered the surprise factor, Gemini said, adding: 'Kendrick dropped several diss tracks unexpectedly, keeping Drake on his toes.'  
Three out of four chatbots wouldn't give a finite answer on which artist is winning the ongoing beef which started in 2013
Drake released the track 'Family Matters' which accused Lamar of infidelity and abusing his fiance
Kendrick Lamar released four diss tracks against Drake in the last week and three in less than 48 hours
ChatGPT said it wasn't aware of the beef, but speculated that Drake's responses would be 'strategic,' Lamar would 'employ a calculated approach, choosing his moments carefully to deliver a devastating blow.'
Of the four chatbots asked to pick which artist is winning on their diss tracks, only Meta AI gave an opinion.
'Both artists have delivered impressive verses and diss tracks, making it challenging to declare a clear winner,' Meta AI wrote before breaking down the artists' lyrical content, flow and delivery and the impact.
'While both artists have delivered impressive performances, Kendrick Lamar's lyrical depth, storytelling, and impact on the hip-hop community give him a slight edge in this beef,' Meta AI wrote.
'Drake's personal attacks and commercial success can't outweigh Kendrick's thought-provoking lyrics and cultural influence,' it continued, but clarified that it is still a subjective assessment.
Announcing the song on Instagram, Drake captioned the post, 'FAMILY MATTERS out on YouTube now. Stop trying to piece together what I know and go pick up the pieces of your broken home' 
The chatbot concluded that 'the true winners are the fans, who get to enjoy the creative output and evolution of these two hip-hop giants.'
The two artists' beef started in 2013 when Lamar called out Drake and 11 other rappers on his track 'Control,' saying: 'They don't want to hear not one more noun or verb from you.' 
He went on to declare himself 'King of New York' and 'King of the Coast' on the track, and Drake told Vibe at the time that he felt he was being 'baited' by Lamar.
'Where it became an issue is that I was rolling out an album while that verse was still bubbling, so my album rollout became about this thing. What am I supposed to say? Nah, we'll be buddy-buddy?' asked the rapper.
'Mind you, I never once said he's a bad guy (or) I don't like him. I think he's a f***ing genius in his own right, but I also stood my ground as I should.'
Since then, the artists have only continued to stoke the fire, as Lamar's 'Not Like Us' track accused Drake of being a pedophile, claiming he allegedly groomed young women.
'Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young / You better not ever go to cell block one,' Lamar rapped, and went on to reference Drake's 2021 album, 'Certified Lover Boy' by saying, 'Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles.'
The track was released hours after Lamar dropped 'Meet the Grahams' where he accused Drake of being a deadbeat dad and claimed he's hiding a child. 
It was in response to Drake's track 'Family Matters' which dropped mere minutes before 'Meet the Grahams' and accused Lamar of abusing his fiancé Whitney Alford and alleging that he was unfaithful. 
'You the Black messiah wifing up a mixed queen/ And hit vanilla cream to help out with your self-esteem/ On some Bobby sh*t, I wanna know what Whitney need,' and later added: 'When you put your hands on your girl, is it self-defense 'cause she's bigger than you?' 
Each artist has exhibited their vocal prowess in their own right, according to Gemini, which said 'Lamar is known for his intricate lyricism, socially conscious themes, and raw authenticity in his music.'
'On the other hand, Drake is a commercial powerhouse with numerous hit singles and albums that have topped the charts,' the chatbot continued.
'Some may argue that Kendrick Lamar's technical skill and thought-provoking content give him the edge, while others may prefer Drake's hit-making ability and commercial success,' it said. 
'In the end, both artists have solidified their places in the rap game and continue to thrive in their respective lanes.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.



      The country that has cut asylum claims by 90% by banning the burkha and refusing benefits to migrants who don't learn their language, revealed by SUE REID
    

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group