Pharrell has no problem letting go of old material things...
Source: NurPhoto / Getty
We think it’s safe to say that 2024 wasn’t too kind to Drake as Kendrick Lamar basically turned a good portion of the culture against the Canadian crooner/rapper, but before that Drizzy was embroiled in a heated battle with Pusha T and his former producer, Pharrell caught a wild stray as a result.
In a recent interview with GQ magazine, Pharrell was asked about a 2023 Drake “diss” when the King of The North threatened to melt down some of Skateboard P’s fancy jewelry that he purchased after Pharrell sold off more than a million dollars worth of his personal belongings. In his guest appearance on Travis Scott’s 2023 cut “MELTDOWN,” Drake threatened to, well, meltdown some of Pharrell’s signature chains and pieces saying “Man, f*ck all that spinnin’ the narrative sh*t / I melt down the chains that I bought from yo’ boss / Give a f*ck about all of that heritage sh*t.”
 


					Related Stories
				





Drake vs. Kanye: A Timeline of Beef, Betrayals, and Brief Peace






Birdman Says Lil Wayne, Drake & Nicki Minaj Made Over $2 Billion For Cash Money






Drake Claims UMG Used Kendrick Lamar Grammy To Defame Him






While we Drake ever followed through with his threat at all, Pharrell doesn’t seem to care much for what might’ve happened to his old jewelry anyway. When asked if he was phased when he found out that Drake was buying his old iced out pieces, Pharrell gave an honest answer and explanation behind it.
Per GQ:
No, because I think beyond all of the on-goings, at the heart of all of it, he’s a fan of music. He’s a fan of the history of what it is, and I happen to be a part of that, and those artifacts are a part of it.
It didn’t.
No.
Or not. I guess some things are not for me to understand. When you let things go, a huge part of it is actually letting go. Not just of the physical item, but letting go of your connection to what it’s supposed to mean, or the memory. You’re literally letting them go. That was the purpose. It’s like when people sell something and they go, “I just want to make sure you take care of it because this is my baby.” And I’m like, “No, no, no.” This is not my baby. That’s why I’m letting it go.
One can only hope to touch the level of zen that Pharrell has seemingly reached. Just sayin,’
Though Drake has rocked Pharrell’s pieces as recently as his video for “Family Matters,” he could’ve melted down a piece or two since then just to make a point. Then again, why would he? Could Drizzy be that petty? Guess we’ll have to wait and see.


Pharrell Says He Didn’t Care Drake Threatened To Meltdown His Old Jewelry 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.