Did a Toronto club take drastic measures to protect Drake at all costs over the weekend?
A clubgoer alleges a DJ was kicked out of Silent H when he started playing "Not Like Us," the DJ Mustard-produced diss track from Kendrick Lamar that put an end to his whirlwind feud with Drake.
A self-proclaimed Toronto DJ responded to the post by sharing a screenshot of a text message in which someone claims the DJ in question was not kicked out, but rather, a few guys who were trying to pressure him into not playing any songs by Kendrick.
Another person denied claims of a DJ being kicked out, citing two alleged sources, including the previously mentioned text message.
Even though two separate individuals who were allegedly close to the situation have denied that any such thing happened, there appears to be footage from that night showing a confrontation where someone can be heard repeatedly saying "get him out," followed by "fuck this guy."
The video seemingly confirms someone was forced to leave the venue. The remaining question is why. Maybe we will get a more definitive answer in due time.
music | BY Eric Diep
Here Are All the Lyrics to Kendrick Lamar's Latest Drake Diss "Not Like Us"
music | BY Mark Elibert
Kendrick Lamar Is Back at ‘Colonizer’ Drake’s Neck With New Diss Track “Not Like Us”: ‘Certified Pedophile’
music | BY tara mahadevan
Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" Debuts at No. 1 on Billboard Hot 100
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.