The Beatles have been nominated for a Grammy award for record of the year. Nominations for the 67th edition of the prestigious music awards were announced today and the band's 2023 song 'Now and Then' is up against work from Beyonce, Taylor Swift and Kendrick Lamar among others.
Released last November, 'Now and Then', featured cleaned-up John Lennon vocals from the 1970s and 1995 guitar recordings from George Harrison alongside new work from Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr. The vocals are taken from a demo recorded by John at his home in New York’s Dakota Building.
In 1994 - 14 years after John's death - his wife, Yoko Ono Lennon, gave the recording to Paul, George and Ringo, along with John’s demos for 'Free As A Bird' and 'Real Love', which were both completed as new Beatles songs and respectively released as singles in 1995 and 1996, as part of 'The Beatles Anthology' project. At the same time, Paul, George and Ringo also recorded new parts and completed a rough mix for “Now And Then” with producer Jeff Lynne.
At that point, technological limitations prevented John’s vocals and piano playing from being separated to achieve the clear, unclouded mix needed to finish the song. However, the release of Peter Jackson's Disney+ documentary 'Get Back' led to the idea of the track's release being brought back to the table.
Using WingNut Films’ MAL audio technology, Jackson’s team had de-mixed the film’s mono soundtrack, managing to isolate instruments and vocals, and all the individual voices within The Beatles' conversations. This achievement opened the way to 2022’s new mix of 'Revolver', sourced directly from the four-track master tapes - and potential for work to be done on the Now and Then demo.
Peter Jackson and his sound team, led by Emile de la Rey, applied the same technique to John’s original home recording, preserving the clarity and integrity of his original vocal performance by separating it from the piano. In 2022, Paul and Ringo set about completing the song.
Besides John’s vocals, the song includes electric and acoustic guitar recorded in 1995 by George, Ringo’s new drum part, and bass, guitar and piano from Paul, which matches John’s original playing. Paul also added a slide guitar solo inspired by the late George and he and Ringo also contributed backing vocals to the chorus.
The song hit number one in the UK official charts and meant The Beatles set a record for the longest gap between an act's first and last number one. There were 60 years and six months between the April 1963 release of 'From Me to You' (the band's first number one in the official charts) and the November 2023 release of 'Now and Then'.
The Beatles have won 13 Grammys in total - six of which came while the band were still active as a group.
The Beatles – ‘Now and Then’
Beyoncé – ‘Texas Hold ’Em’
Billie Eilish – ‘Birds of a Feather’
Chappell Roan – ‘Good Luck, Babe!’
Charli XCX – ‘360’
Kendrick Lamar – ‘Not Like Us’
Sabrina Carpenter – ‘Espresso’
Taylor Swift Featuring Post Malone – ‘Fortnight’
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.