On the sinister opening track of his surprise new album GNX, Kendrick Lamar offered his response to Snoop Dogg reposting Drake's "Taylor Made Freestyle."
On "wacced out murals," Dot addresses some of the messiest moments of his big year, including the discussion about him playing the Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show instead of Lil Wayne and mentions "Taylor Made," the since-deleted diss track where Drake used AI technology to rap from the perspectives of Snoop Dogg and the late 2Pac.
"Snoop posted 'Taylor Made,' I prayed it was the edibles/I couldn't believe it, it was only right for me to let it go," Lamar raps in the second verse of "wacced out murals."
Shortly after the release of "Taylor Made Freestyle," Snoop Dogg shared a response on Instagram. 
"They did what? When? How? Are you sure? Y'all have a good night," Snoop said in a video. "Why everybody calling my phone, blowing me up? What the fuck? What happened? What's going on? I'm going back to bed. Good night."
Snoop has collaborated with Kendrick several times in a past, and they performed onstage together at the Super Bowl LVI halftime show. It was unclear how Snoop felt about the "Taylor Made Freestyle," but during a recent chat at ComplexCon, he indicated that he wasn't looking to take sides in the beef between Drake and Lamar.
"['Not Like Us'] unified the West," he said. "So it may have been disrespectful, but it's hip-hop, so it's part of hip-hop. I chose no sides because I have no individual cause. That's a grown man going against a grown man. But what it did do was unite the West, and make everybody out here start looking at each other like how much love we got for each other."
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
music | BY Mark Elibert
Snoop Dogg Says Kendrick's "Not Like Us" United the West, Says He Had ‘No Side’ in Drake Beef
music | BY Joe Price
Jack Antonoff's Production Is All Over Kendrick Lamar's 'GNX'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar Surprise-Drops 'GNX' Project
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.