He rapped over the 40-produced beat on his 2015 record "Actin Crazy."

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Drake‘s latest 100 Gigs dump included footage of him in the studio working on an unreleased song that he planned to collaborate on with Kendrick Lamar. The track ended up going to Action Bronson, who reacted to the video on X (formerly Twitter) this week.

	“Why you think I’m out here acting crazy?” the 40-year-old rapper asked. “Hahahahah after I did the record I heard everyone and their mother wanted the beat.” The Queens artist claimed he never heard about K. Dot possibly being on the song, but he did name 50 Cent. “Thank the heavens I made a banger.”

	










	The beat heard in the video ended up becoming his song “Actin Crazy,” which was part of his 2015 album Mr. Wonderful. Noah “40” Shebib and Dreamville’s Omen produced the record. Listen and watch the 100 Gigs footage below.
WHY YOU THINK IM OUT HERE ACTING CRAZY. HAHAHAHAH AFTER I DID THE RECORD I HEARD EVERYONE AND THEIR MOTHER WANTED THE BEAT. NEVER HEARD ABOUT DOT. I KNEW ABOUT 50 AND FEW OTHERS. THANK THE HEAVENS I MADE A BANGER.
Unreleased Drake x Kendrick Lamar track from 100 gigs??Drake: “for him, where he’s at, I know he’s gonna murder this” OVO 40: “when you told me Kendrick, it just made so much sense” pic.twitter.com/f405p638LA

	In the video, Drake and 40 are in the studio nodding a lot to a beat with a classic drum pattern and dark synths. They called the beat “crazy” in unison before the Toronto rapper said “For him, where he’s at, I know he’s gonna murder that sh*t.” His go-to producer agreed, revealing who they were talking about by saying “When he told me Kendrick, it just made so much sense. Oh, the brilliance! So good.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Of course, the beat went elsewhere, but Drizzy and Kendrick Lamar did collaborate on multiple occasions. First, K. Dot had his “Buried Alive Interlude” on 2011’s Take Care. In 2012, they linked up with 2 Chainz and A$AP Rocky on “F**kin’ Problems.” The following year marked their final collaboration, “Poetic Justice”, which was part of Lamar’s 2013 album good kid, m.A.A.d city.

	Over ten years later, they couldn’t be further from collaborators or friends. The 6 God and the Pulitzer Prize winner engaged in one of the most memorable Hip-Hop feuds of all time. Between March and May, they unloaded tracks like “Like That,” “Push Ups,” “Taylor Made Freestyle,” “Euphoria,” “6:16 In LA,” “Family Matters,” “Meet The Grahams,” “Not Like Us,” and “The Heart Part 6.” Check out the “Family Matters” and “Not Like Us” music videos below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.