Drake once rapped, “I waited four days, nigga, where y’all at?” Well, now it’s been 19 days since Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That” verse dropped, and The Boy has yet to respond with a diss track of his own, but he has been dropping a lot of subliminal breadcrumbs that suggest his return fire might be imminent.
Future and Metro Boomin’s next album We Still Don’t Trust You arrives this Friday, which could potentially contain more smoke for the Toronto rapper. But will Drake respond first? Joe Budden says he has “good information” that both Drake and Kendrick have “nuclear” response tracks ready to go, and it seems they could drop at any time. But so far, Drake has kept his responses to subliminals and sneaky IG captions. As we anxiously anticipate the next round of this epic battle, here’s a timeline of what Drake has been up to since “Like That” dropped.
Drake once rapped, “I waited four days, nigga, where y’all at?” Well, now it’s been 19 days since Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That” verse dropped, and The Boy has yet to respond with a diss track of his own, but he has been dropping a lot of subliminal breadcrumbs that suggest his return fire might be imminent.
Future and Metro Boomin’s next album We Still Don’t Trust You arrives this Friday, which could potentially contain more smoke for the Toronto rapper. But will Drake respond first? Joe Budden says he has “good information” that both Drake and Kendrick have “nuclear” response tracks ready to go, and it seems they could drop at any time. But so far, Drake has kept his responses to subliminals and sneaky IG captions. As we anxiously anticipate the next round of this epic battle, here’s a timeline of what Drake has been up to since “Like That” dropped.
Later that same night, Drake shared a photo from the show on his Instagram, quoting a Nav lyric: “I ain’t picking up I’m in Turks lil baby.” This came shortly after Nav unfollowed Drake on Instagram, post-“Like That.” It was later revealed that Drake had also unfollowed his fellow Canadian rapper on social media as well.
Drake loves to make sneaky Instagram captions, and on March 28, he shared a new carousel of images on Instagram, this time captioning the post: “They rather go to war with me than admit they are their own worst enemy.” This is almost certainly a reference to Future, Metro, Kendrick, Rick Ross, and possibly more rappers who are allegedly teaming up to try and go to war with him.
A week after “Like That” dropped, it became clear that the record would be going No. 1 the following Monday, and Drake’s next Instagram caption seemingly alluded to this when he wrote, “I could never sell ya’ll out to sell my latest work. Never do you bad out the blue but I’m down to make it worse.” The first half of the caption could be a reference to Metro and Future riding the wave of Kendrick’s “Like That” verse to get another No. 1, and the second half of the caption might be about rappers like Rick Ross who seemingly started feuding with Drake at the same time.
The pictures included in the carousel also contain some clues about Drake’s current feelings about the whole situation. The fourth picture features an owl with the words “We never sleep” written in the upper left corner, which could imply that he’s been on a response this entire time. The next photo is an IED steel pipe bomb, which is an improvised explosive device that’s often used in wartime for roadside or homemade attacks, which could be a hint that he’s ready for war. And the last photo in the post is the cover of Kate Ward’s 1955 children’s book A Story That Has No End, which could be Drake implying that this battle will be child’s play? There is no synopsis available for what the book is actually about.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.