ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - JUNE 11: Kendrick Lamar performs during the 2023 Governors Ball Music Festival ... More at Flushing Meadows Corona Park on June 11, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Taylor Hill/WireImage)
Kendrick Lamar scored a massive hit earlier this year with a tune aimed at another one of the biggest and most successful rappers in the world. Amid his ongoing feud with Drake, Lamar shared a single titled “Not Like Us,” which immediately became a smash. The tune is surging once again after the hip-hop star finally performed it live in glorious fashion.
The rapper held a special concert on Juneteenth (June 19) in Inglewood, CA that he titled The Pop Out: Ken and Friends. Lamar was on his home turf, and the crowd in attendance was thrilled to see him and his famous guests take to the stage. The performance of “Not Like Us” was the highlight of the evening, as it marked the first time the rapper had performed his chart-topping hit live.
Lamar didn’t just perform “Not Like Us” and move on, though. The song is so important and impactful to him, Drake, the hip-hop world, and the music industry in general that it deserved more than that. Lamar went through the tune a minimum of five times, which easily made it not just the standout moment from the show, but a trending topic.
“Not Like Us” was discussed by millions online, as people everywhere marveled at Lamar’s victory lap. The concert was livestreamed by Amazon as well, so people all around the world could tune in to catch the cut and be a part of the event as well. All that attention has helped the tune surge in popularity once again.
At the time of writing, “Not Like Us” is back inside the top 10 on the iTunes chart in the U.S. The single soars eight spaces to land at No. 10, and it’s still early in the day. The song will likely continue to climb in the coming hours as more Americans wake up and learn of Lamar’s triumph.
Next week, it’s likely that “Not Like Us” will bolt up several Billboard charts. The song is still performing well on many lists, and it has recently been jumping to No. 1 on a variety of radio rankings. All these purchases may play a big role in sending it back toward the top of some sales-focused rosters as well, which it has already ruled.
“Not Like Us” debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100 in mid-May. Since then, it’s continued to perform extremely well on a number of Billboard charts, and also in plenty of other countries. The tune’s success showed Lamar to be the winner of the battle between himself and Drake, even though several other cuts were released during their ongoing spat.