Los Angeles, CA, US
Uploading/managing projects and PDF portfolio can only be handled in desktop mode
Brooklyn Bogdan is an accomplished designer and architect based in New York and Los Angeles. Her career has been defined by her expertise in high-end residential, particularly during her nearly decade-long tenure as the Design Lead and Senior Design Architect at the prestigious firm, Woods + Dangaran. A full published monograph while at W+D is available from Rizzoli.
She is licensed in the state of California and New York. Before joining Woods + Dangaran, she gained valuable experience at Brooks + Scarpa. She holds a Master of Architecture degree from the University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Science in Architecture from The Ohio State University.
Her impressive portfolio includes projects featured in respected publications such as Architectural Digest, Elle Decor, Wallpaper, Dwell, Luxe, and Est among others. Additionally, her spaces have made a cultural impact, having served as the set for productions by Euphoria, Kendrick Lamar, Katy Perry, Coach and more.
Brooklyn Bogdan is an accomplished designer and architect based in New York and Los Angeles. Her career has been defined by her expertise in high-end residential, particularly during her nearly decade-long tenure as the Design Lead and Senior Design Architect at the prestigious firm, Woods + Dangaran. A full published monograph while at W+D is available from Rizzoli.
She is licensed in the state of California and New York. Before joining Woods + Dangaran, she gained valuable experience at Brooks + Scarpa. She holds a Master of Architecture degree from the University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Science in Architecture from The Ohio State University.
Her impressive portfolio includes projects featured in respected publications such as Architectural Digest, Elle Decor, Wallpaper, Dwell, Luxe, and Est among others. Additionally, her spaces have made a cultural impact, having served as the set for productions by Euphoria, Kendrick Lamar, Katy Perry, Coach and more.

Brooklyn Bogdan Architecture,
									
																			North Salem,
																			Founder									

Woods + Dangaran,
									
																			Los Angeles,
																			Senior Design Architect									

University of Southern California (USC),
									
																			Los Angeles, CA, US,
									
																			MArch,
																		Architecture									

The Ohio State University,
									
																			Columbus, OH, US,
									
																			BArch,
																		Architecture