Is Drake trolling Kendrick Lamar with this recent OVO move? Whether it came from Drake or someone from the OVO team, people are talking about how a model for the clothing brand looks similar to Lamar’s fiancée, Whitney Alford.
The model who appears to share a resemblance with Alford is a woman named Braedyn Ferguson. Fans were quick to point out that she looks like Lamar’s fiancée after OVO’s latest clothing collection was posted on Instagram. One of the pieces was a simple white tank top, commonly referred to as a "wife beater." 
Whitney Alford, Lamar’s longtime partner and the mother of his two children, was a subject during the rap beef exchange with Drake. With the rapper accusing Kendrick Lamar of domestic violence against Alford multiple times. The OVO rapper referenced his family on his diss tracks “Push Ups” and “Family Matters.”
On “Family Matters,” he said “When you put your hands on your girl, is it self-defense ’cause she bigger than you? […] They hired a crisis management team to clean up the fact that you beat on your queen/ The picture you painted ain’t what it seem, you’re dead.”
He also rapped, “Why did you move to New York?/ Is it ’cause you livin’ that bachelor life?/ Proposed in 2015 but don’t wanna make her your actual wife /I’m guessin’ this wedding ain’t happenin’, right?/ ‘Cause we know the girls that you actually like/ Your darkest secrets are comin’ to light.”
Drake even suggested that one of the couple’s children was actually fathered by K. Dot’s manager and business partner Dave Free. “You did her dirty all your life, you tryna make peace/ I heard that one of ’em little kids might be Dave Free.”
Of course, fans are assuming that the ad was intentional, and a sneaky way of taking aim at the rapper without actually saying anything. This is unconfirmed, though the model's resemblance to Alford raises the question of whether or not it's even possible for this to have been a coincidence.
“They tryna sub with a Whitney look alike. Drakes camp is trying to sabotage his career [crying face emoji],” one person wrote in the comments section.
Another person claimed, “Nah they did this on purpose to troll Ken.”
“Whitney on a wifebeater fit…..yall hilariously petty,” someone else said, referencing a photo of Ferguson wearing a white OVO vest.
Kendrick later hit back by featuring Alford and their two children in his “Not Like Us” music video, with the happy family dancing around a living room to the chart-topping diss song.
The Compton native previously admitted to cheating on Alford on his Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers track “Mother I Sober” and claimed that he suffered from sex addiction, something he sought professional help for.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!