Jon Batiste, Lauren Daigle, Trombone Shorty and Ledisi were named the 2025 Super Bowl pre-game performers.
On Thursday, the NFL announced that the four artists will take the stage at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Feb. 9.
“We’re honored to work with this year’s pregame lineup to celebrate the rich musical legacy of New Orleans and the entire state,” Seth Dudowsky, NFL’s head of music, wrote in a statement.
“The Super Bowl is a rare moment to unite fans around the world, and this year’s performers will bring the energy, soul and vibrant sounds of the region to a global stage, as we kickoff Super Bowl LIX with a celebration to remember.”
Batiste, 38, is set to perform the National Anthem, while Daigle, 33, will sing “America the Beautiful” alongside jazz musician Trombone Shorty, 38.
Ledsi, 52, will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” 
As Page Six previously reported, Kendrick Lamar was named the Super Bowl halftime show headliner by Apple Music and the NFL in September.
“My name is Kendrick Lamar, and I’ll be performing at Super Bowl 59. Are you pulling up? I hope so … let’s get it  … I wouldn’t want you to miss it. Meet me in New Orleans,” the 17-time Grammy winner said in a video posted to Instagram at the time.
 The “Not Like Us” rapper, 37, shared he’s looking forward to bringing rap to the championship game.
“Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date. And I’ll be there to remind the world why. They got the right one,” Lamar wrote in a statement.
The “Money Trees” hitmaker previously performed at the 2022 Super Bowl halftime show as alongside Mary J. Blige, Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Eminem and 50 Cent.
The performance won the artist’s three Emmys.
Lamar’s highly anticipated performance comes after Usher headlined the 2024 halftime show at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nev.
The R&B singer brought fellow musician Alicia Keys on stage with him to sing their 2004 track, “My Boo,” at one point, while other guests included H.E.R. and Ludacris.
The nail-biting game, meanwhile, saw the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the San Francisco 49ers, 25-22.
Advertisement