Janet Jackson performs during the sold-out World AIDS Day concert event presented by the global, non-profit HIV/AIDS service organization, AHF at the NRG Arena on December 01, 2023 in Houston, Texas.
Janet Jackson shows that she's "Not Like Us," as she shows off her impressive dance moves during a recent concert.
Jackson kicked off her Together Again Tour with a "Nasty" x "Not Like Us" mix into her setlist. Complete with an intricate dance routine, the singer-songwriter opened her tour in Palm Springs, California, at the Acrisure Arena. Nelly served as the tour’s opener.
A clip from her performance that went viral shows the award-winning performer in a plaid dress, dancing alongside her backup dancers, who are wearing plaid skirts. She and her four dancers include the instrumentation of Lamar's "Not Like Us" diss track during the breakdown of her 1986 hit track, "Nasty."
(Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images for AIDS Healthcare Foundation)
“Who’s that in that nasty car?" Janet sings as her backup dancers join her and reply, "Nasty boys." She then sings, "Who’s that eatin’ that nasty fruit?" With the same reply, her dancers yell, "Nasty boys!" Finally, Jackson questions, "Who’s jammin’ to my nasty groove?" To which her dancers reply, "Nasty boys!"
Fans had plenty to say on X (formerly Twitter) of Jackson's "Not Like Us" incorporation. One person commented, "It’s gon be a long year for Aubrey. HBCU season still coming." Another fan replied, "Poetic justice, indeed." Wrote a third, "I KNOW THAT’S RIGHT JANET!!!"
"This low key might be her way of saying 'Keep my brother name out your mouth,'" theorized another fan. "janet bein on the winning team >>> she wasn’t goin for that disrespect toward her brother either way," added another person. "That lil groove she did after 'nasty car'. Not Like Us is her mf sooooooong bruh [laughing emojis]," a third hilariously noted of Janet's dance moves. One person added, "Drake said he was the next Michael Jackson and Janet Damita Jo Jackson said AHT AHT not on my watch! [wailing emojis]." While another user praised, "her mixing Not Like Us wit 'Nasty' is actually so iconic LMFAO . another W for Dot."
K. Dot and Jackson haven't collaborated, but the rapper did sample the singer's iconic “Any Time, Any Place” on “Poetic Justice.” The Good Kid, M.A.A.D City classic funnily features Drake.
Janet’s 2024 Together Again Tour continues to run into the summer, with stops in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Chicago, St. Louis Cincinnati, Cleveland, Boston, Detroit, Toronto, Brooklyn, Tampa, Orlando, Atlanta and New Orleans before finishing off on July 30 in Phoenix.
People born in June are either a Gemini (May 21 – June 20) or a Cancer (June 21 – July 22). Gemini is an air sign symbolized by the celestial twins. A Gemini's traits include being social, talkative, and whimsical, but they can also be indecisive or nosy. A Gemini is known for constantly juggling a variety of passions, hobbies, and careers.
Geminis born in the month of June tend to be intellectually curious and very much friendship and partnership-oriented. The sign is known to be social, with a big level of importance put on friendships and relationships. When it comes to creativity, June Geminis rarely have trouble coming up with new ideas. The air sign is also known to be quite intellectual and tends to enjoy keeping themselves well-informed. June-born Geminis tend to be more passionate about fighting against social injustices than their May counterparts.
June 21 marks the beginning of Cancer season, the crab. This water sign is ruled by the moon, so this sign is known to be highly intuitive and has emotional, maternal, and nurturing traits. Like their celestial spirit animal, Cancers are shielded by hard, external shells. At first, these crabs may be perceived as cold or distant, but with time, Cancers will warm up to reveal their gentle nature and empathy.
June Cancers tend to be the caregivers of the people in their lives. Compassionate with a goofy sense of humor, you can rely on Cancers. Cancers born in June are known to embody the typical Cancer traits, like being comfort-seeking, super sensitive, and nurturing. Some of the most legendary actors, musicians, and figures were born in the month of June.
(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for NCLR)
Prince Rogers Nelson, or the Artist Formerly Known as Prince to all of us, is widely regarded as one of the greatest musicians of his generation. He was born on June 7, 1958 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He died in 2016 at 57 years old after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl at his Paisley Park home and recording studio in Chanhassen, Minnesota. His list of classic albums is massive, but definitely check out 1999, Purple Rain and Sign 'O' The Times.
(Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Kicking off June, the "Right on Time" singer celebrates her birthday on June 1. Born and raised in Washington, Carlile was signed to Columbia Records in 2004 and released her self-titled debut album a year later. With seven albums under her belt, Carlile is a veteran. She's won a bunch of Grammys and collaborated with everyone from Alicia Keys to Soundgarden to Elton John. Her classic albums include By The Way, I Forgive You and In These Silent Days, as well as her album as a member of the supergroup the Highwomen.
(Photo by Brad Barket/Getty Images for Fast Company)
The "Through the Wire" rapper celebrates his birthday on June 8. Ye was born in Atlanta, Georgia, and raised in Chicago, Illinois. Starting his professional music career as a producer at first, it wasn't until 2004 that the rapper released his debut studio album, The College Dropout, which features tracks like "All Falls Down," "Jesus Walks," Slow Jamz," and "Breathe In Breathe Out." He's since become a bit more controversial of a figure. 
(Photo by Santiago Bluguermann/Getty Images)
On June 17th, Kendrick celebrates his birthday. The "Not Like Us" rapper was born and raised in Compton, California, in 1987. Often regarded as one of the greatest rappers of all time, he is the only musician outside of the classical and jazz genres to be awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Music. His classic albums include good kid, m.A.A.d. city, To Pimp A Butterfly and DAMN.
(Photo by Jason Kempin/Getty Images)
The "God's Country" singer and television personality celebrates his birthday on June 18. Back in 2001, Shelton made his debut with the single "Austin" from his first album, Blake Shelton. Since then, the singer-songwriter has released eleven studio albums consistently every few years.
(Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
The original Beatles member celebrates his birthday on June 18th as well. Born in England, McCartney taught himself how to play piano, guitar, and songwriting as a teenager. After the Beatles disbanded in 1970 after ten years of mainstream success, McCartney went on to pursue a successful solo career, and also fronted the band Wings in the 1970s. All of the Beatles albums are classics; his best post-Beatles albums include McCartney, Wings' Band On The Run, McCartney II and Flowers In The Dirt. 
(Photo by Raphael Dias/Getty Images)
The Deftones frontman celebrates his birthday on June 20th. Born Camillo "Chino" Wong Moreno in Sacramento, California, the singer-songwriter founded Deftones in 1988 with drummer Abe Cunningham and lead guitarist Stephen Carpenter. The group released their first album, Adrenaline, in 1995 and have went on to release nine more studio albums.Their classic albums include Around the Fur and White Pony. 
(Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for NARAS)
The "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" singer celebrates her birthday on June 22. Lauper was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1953, and at age 12, she began writing songs and playing an acoustic guitar given to her by her older sister, Eileen. With a music career spanning over forty years, Lauper first began in a band called Blue Angel before going solo. You can learn more about Lauper by checking out her documentary, Let The Canary Sing.
(Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)
The powerhouse singer celebrates her birthday on June 26th. Grande began her career at 15 years old when she appeared in 2008's Broadway musical 13. She rose to prominence as an actress at first for her starring roles in Nickelodeon series Victorious (2010–2013) and its spin-off, Sam & Cat (2013–2014). 
(Photo by Jason Kempin/Getty Images)
The "You Should Be Here" singer celebrates his birthday on June 30. Swindell was born and raised in Georgia, then moved to Nashville, Tennessee after college to pursue a professional music career. In 2014, the singer-songwriter released his debut self-titled album. Since then, he's released three more studio albums.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!