With 88 Billboard Hot 100 entries to his name, cutting K. Dot's decorated discography down to fit a 12- to 15-minute show is a tough proposition.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Kendrick Lamar was announced Sunday as the headlining halftime show performer at Super Bowl LIX when the big game comes to New Orleans’ Caesars Superdome in February 2025.

	Lamar follows recent Super Bowl headliners Usher and Rihanna, while the rapper also took the stage in 2022 as part of the hip-hop halftime show alongside Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and Mary J. Blige.

	“Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date,” Lamar said in the announcement. “And I’ll be there to remind the world why. They got the right one.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Jay-Z added: “Kendrick Lamar is truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer. His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision. He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.”

	With 88 Billboard Hot 100 entries to his name — including 22 top 10s and five No. 1 hits, with his latest being “Squabble Up” and the Drake diss “Not Like Us,” which topped the chart for two weeks earlier this year — cutting K. Dot’s decorated discography down to fit a 12- to 15-minute show is a tough proposition.

	From good kid, m.A.A.d city to DAMN. and To Pimp a Butterfly, there are plenty of anthems for Lamar to choose from for his upcoming set.

	Lamar also announced via a teaser that his upcoming tourmate SZA will join him onstage as a special guest during the show. The duo have worked together on a number of collaborations, including “30 for 30,” “Luther,” “Gloria,” “All the Stars” and “Doves in the Wind” to name a few.

	It’s been a memorable year for the Compton King. In November, Lamar surprised fans with his sixth studio album, GNX, and on Sunday (Feb. 2), “Not Like Us” won both record and song of the year at the 2025 Grammy Awards.

	We want to hear from you! Vote for your favorite song that you hope to see Kendrick Lamar include in his Super Bowl halftime show setlist come February.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.