The rap legend congratulated the six-time Super Bowl champion after he was introduced as the head coach of the University of North Carolina on Thursday (Dec. 12). 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Legendary football coach Bill Belichick shocked the football community when he took the University of North Carolina head coaching job earlier this week instead of waiting for a possible NFL gig.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Lil Wayne		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	While plenty of debate was sparked on social media with Belichick’s surprising move to the NCAA, Lil Wayne hopped on X on Thursday (Dec. 12) to congratulate the six-time Super Bowl champion on getting the UNC job. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“Man much respect 2da GOAT coach Bill Belichick! Not sure why they’re all hatin but I believe it to be envy and just a bunch of folks that don’t know how to simply say “congratulations” or nada,” Wayne wrote while calling out the haters. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	He continued to quote bars from his “Love Me or Hate Me” track, which landed on 2007’s The Leak EP. “A wise man once said ‘u can luv me or hate me, I swear it wont make me or break me.”
Man much respect 2da GOAT coach Bill Belichick! Not sure why they’re all hatin but I believe it to be envy and just a bunch of folks that don’t know how to simply say “congratulations” or nada! A wise man once said “u can luv me or hate me, I swear it wont make me or break me”…

	With Wayne slamming the backlash against Belichick, some fans flipped his words against him. They compared the situation to when he voiced his frustration about not getting the Super Bowl LVI Halftime Show gig instead of simply showing love to Kendrick Lamar. 

	“Say kongratulations to Kendrick challenge,” one TDE fan wrote while another said: “This sounds oddly familiar..”

	Wayne admitted he was “hurt” when Kendrick was announced as the Halftime Show headliner in his hometown of New Orleans next year. 

	“That hurt. It hurt a lot. You know what I’m talking about. It hurt a whole lot,” he said at the time. “I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown. And for automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So I blame myself for that. But I thought that was nothing better than that spot and that stage and that platform in my city, so it hurt. It hurt a whole lot.”

	Earlier this month, Joe Budden speculated that Wayne attempted to call Kendrick Lamar to discuss the situation after the Compton native mentioned Weezy on GNX, but K. Dot reportedly had no interest in hopping on the phone with the New Orleans rap legend.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.