Should DJs and rappers avoid playing Kendrick Lamar's “Not Like Us” in Canada? Rapper Rick Ross was allegedly attacked after his performance at the Ignite Music Festival in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada for playing the song.
According to reports and a video on DJ Akademiks Twitter/X account, Ross ended his set at the event by playing the diss tracked aimed at Drake and concertgoers confronted the rapper and his security team. In the video, Ross was confronted by a group of men who were seemingly angered by him playing the track.
The two parties exchanged words before one of the men punched Ross in the face, leading to an all-out brawl that lasted for several minutes. The rapper looks to have avoided the scuffle after initially being punched.
This incident comes after The Weeknd was threatened with violence by Toronto rapper Top5 for siding against Drake in his feud with Kendrick Lamar, Future, and Metro Boomin.
On his Instagram Stories, Top5, who is awaiting trial for murder, wrote “All these n----s are mad at one I dare you n----s to come to the 6ix #noflyzone.”
He then posted a picture of The Weeknd and said “@theweeknd you started doing coke now your from Compton? Wait till my GGs see you.”
Kendrick Lamar hosted his "Pop Out" event at the Forum in LA last month, and as expected, he was joined by a series of special guests. Dr. Dre, Tyler, The Creator, Jay Rock, YG, and many more took the stage, while others simply stopped by to watch the performance unfold. The Weeknd was one of them and was spotted in the crowd.
Meanwhile, Rick Ross has been beefing with former friend and collaborator Drake since April, attacking him with the diss track “Champagne Moments.”
“Weezy gave you the juice/ Another White boy at the park wanna hang with the crew,” he rapped on the song, mocking Drizzy’s mixed heritage.
Ross also said in the outro: “You ain’t never want to be a n---- anyway, n----. That’s why you had an operation to make your nose smaller than your father nose, n----.”
People took to Reddit to share their thoughts on the altercation. “Imagine crashing out over drake lmao,” someone said. Another person said, “not to victim blame but tf did rozay expect was gonna happen lmao.” Several people are wondering why someone not necessariy a part of the “the beef” would still want to participate. One person said, “I mean, why would you play that? Trying to cause a reaction and he got one.”
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!