By
In a new interview with Bootleg Kev, Consequence, a longtime A Tribe Called Quest and Ye affiliate, claims he has heard an unreleased joint album by Ye and Kendrick Lamar.  
The 47-year-old New York rap star unveiled the possible album after Bootleg Kev asked him to comment on a rumor behind suspected music between the two titans. Mentioning that they are rapping over Madlib Beats’ productions, Cons replied to Kev with, “I just think it just needed to be structured,” he said. “But the ideas are… Yeah, I heard the whole thing. It’s there.”
Cons has been collaborating with Ye on music since the beginning of his career. He is credited on the majority of Ye’s albums. At the beginning of the interview, he discussed returning from China after Ye and Ty Dolla $ign performed a concert in promotion of their joint album Vultures. 
While Ye has collaborated with Jay-Z, Ty Dolla Sign, and G.O.O.D. Music, there has never been mention of a joint album with Kendrick; however, their track “No More Parties In LA” from 2016 Life of Pablo was released together. After the Life of Pablo’s release, Ye did mention that the two have 40 songs recorded in a tweet. 
He tweeted: “Me and Kendrick got 40 songs and me and Young Thug got 40 songs,” Ye said at the time. “40/40 club!!!”
Kanye tweeted about the 40 songs with Kendrick pic.twitter.com/TtxrrcwDMG
In 2020, Madlib confirmed joint tracks by  Ye and Kendrick Lamar exist. “Oh, they did like 30 minutes of stuff, just going back and forth, going crazy,” he told Complex. “They were going off, too, man. Because I do my beat tapes like one-minute beats, and they were just, one minute on that one, that one, that one. It was crazy.”
After the reveal, Consequence proceeds to discuss G.O.O.D. Music’s legacy, Diddy parties, and more. Last month, he released his latest single, “Overdose,” featuring YNW Melly.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97