Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The Canadian rapper released "The Heart Part 6" on Sunday night, which addressed a myriad of accusations. 

							By 

	Abid Rahman

International Editor, Digital

	The Drake–Kendrick Lamar feud continues to escalate after the Canadian rapper released “The Heart Part 6,” a new diss track Sunday night that pushed back against some of the sexual predator allegations made by Lamar in a series of songs released over the last week. 

	The biggest rap feud in years has increasingly become vitriolic and personal, and has seen both Drake and Lamar throw unsubstantiated allegations at each other. Among them, Drake has accused Lamar of physically abusing his partner, and Lamar suggested Drake has a hidden love child. In his last few tracks, Lamar has focused on allegations that Drake is a sexual predator, and in the song “Meet the Grahams,” which was released May 3, he directly accuses Drake of harboring “sex offenders” at his label OVO and even calls his rival a “pervert” for his alleged interest in younger women. He also raps that “we gotta raise our daughters knowin’ there’s predators like him lurkin’.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					American Music Awards Nominations: Kendrick Lamar Leads With 10; Post Malone Has 8; Billie Eilish, Chappell Roan and Shaboozey Earn 7 Each		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			








	In “Meet the Grahams,” Lamar also raps that “The Embassy ’bout to get raided too, it’s only a matter of time,” a direct reference to Drake’s house, which he has dubbed “The Embassy,” and links it to recent federal raids of Sean “Diddy” Combs’ homes related to an unspecified ongoing investigation.

	Lamar doubled down on the predator accusations against Drake in a follow-up diss track, “Not Like Us,” released May 4. In that track, Lamar more explicitly calls Drake a predator, rapping the line, “Say, Drake, I hear you like ’em young.” Elsewhere in the song, Lamar calls Drake and his team pedophiles, rapping, “Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles,” in a reference to Drake’s 2021 album, which is then followed by the line, “trying to strike a chord, and it’s probably A-minor.”

	Lamar makes further allegations with the cover picture of the “Not Like Us” track — a Google maps image of Drake’s house covered in predator map pins.

	In a song that was posted to YouTube on Sunday, Drake addresses the myriad accusations made by Lamar in the song “The Heart Part 6,” a title that plays on Lamar’s critically acclaimed 2022 song “The Heart Part 5.” The song features a sample from the Aretha Franklin song “Prove It” and begins with Franklin singing the lines, “Now let me see you prove it / Just let me see you prove it.”

	










	Addressing the predator allegations head-on in “The Heart Part 6,” Drake raps, “Speakin’ of anything with a child, let’s get to that now / This Epstein angle was the shit I expected / TikTok videos you collected and dissected / Instead of being on some dis-direct shit / You rather fucking grab your pen and misdirect shit,” accusing Lamar of spreading lies. 

	Later in the song, Drake returns to denying the predator allegations. “I never been with no one underage but now I understand why this the angle that you really mess with / Just for clarity, I feel disgusted, I’m too respected,” he raps, before adding, “If I was fucking young girls, I promise I’d a been arrested / I’m way too famous for this shit you just suggested.”

	Also in the song, Drake raps, “Only fuckin’ with Whitneys, not Millie Bobby Browns, I’d never look twice at no teenager.” The rapper, unprompted, brings up a reference to his alleged inappropriate relationship with Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown. In a 2018 Access Hollywood interview, the British actress shared that she became friends with Drake when she was 14, and they would text each other.

	In the song, Drake suggests Lamar is throwing predator allegations at him as a way for the Compton rapper to process and project his own trauma of allegedly being abused as a child. Drake raps, “Wait a second, that’s that one record where you say you got molested / Aw, fuck me, I just made the whole connection / This about to get so depressing / This is trauma from your own confessions / This when your father leave you home alone with no protection, so neglected / That’s why these pedophile raps and shit you so obsessed with, it’s so excessive.”

	










	In the outro to “The Heart Part 6,” Drake raps, “You would be a worthy competitor if I was really a predator and you weren’t fuckin’ lying to every blogger and editor, but / It is what it is.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.