"AND DID!!!!"

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Azealia Banks is back at it, sending social media into a frenzy with jaw-dropping revelations. She’s now claimed that she once hooked up with Drake.

	The Harlem rapper made the shocking confession while chiming in on Drizzy’s legal battle with Universal Music Group (UMG). When an X user cheekily responded, “You wanna suck Drake d*ck that bad?” Banks fired back: “AND DID!!!!”

	Naturally, comments went amuck with fans demanding she share details or receipts. “When did this take place, Ms. Banks?” one curious follower asked as another pleaded for her to “spill the tea.” A third person skeptically shut down the claim with a simple: “Receipt or it didn’t happen.”

	










	Drake hasn’t addressed Banks about her spill.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	The “Chasing Time” artist dropped the tidbit amidst her public support for Drake in his escalating legal battle with UMG. Drizzy is accusing the label of shady tactics like using payola and streaming bots to boost Kendrick Lamar’s diss track, “Not Like Us.” Banks, siding with Drake, painted him as a mastermind in her X rant.

	“Oh, Drake DEFINITELY has the gun,” she wrote, calling his legal moves a “lethal chess move” with aim to expose the secrets of the music industry. She even predicted that the rapper’s case could uncover fraudulent streaming practices and force industry players to reveal their books. 

	“It’s really such a lethal chess move when you really examine it,” she explained. “He’s going to subpoena literally every platforms records, they will not be able to cook the books- and *discover* (expose) all the shady backend parts of music streaming no one really understands…Then they will all have to prove that drake is a pedophile which would make UMG and spotify look retarded if they even did, kendrick is not going to be able to perform they not like us, and jayz is going to have officially been bodied by a singing n-gga…..”

	Banks also threw shade at K. Dot, claiming his diss track would backfire, while also taking a dig at JAY-Z in the process. “We’re about to watch the girls BATTLE, honey yaaass,” she foreshadowed.

	See her comments above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.