Wack insinuates Drake affiliate, Top5, is the source of the evidence.

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Wack 100 claims to have evidence against Drake that could potentially damage his reputation and career.

	In a clip from a recent episode of Adam22’s No Jumper podcast, Wack showed off a thumb drive he says he received months ago, and insinuates that the unsavory information has a connection to Drake affiliate Top5. 

	The West Coast native warned Drake to extricate Top5 from his circle, as the Toronto rapper’s motives and actions aren’t in his best interest.

	“I see you got Top5 up there… Drake needs to get away from Top5,” Wack said at one point during the episode, adding that he’s taken it upon himself to not leak the alleged information. “This is how much respect I have for you, Drake. I’m telling you,” the manager said of his protection of the thumb drive.

	“Somebody, listen. Drake hit me. No troll. On Piru, you need to get away from that dude [Top5]. This has been in existence for 90 days, and I have made sure… and it hasn’t went anywhere, personally. I think you know what I’m talking about. That dude, with his mouth and the things he says. It does not support your career and how far you’ve come.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	This is not the first time Wack 100 has spoken on Top5, who previously threatened to murder Kendrick Lamar in defense of Drake, as Wack recently deemed the Canadian rapper as “irrelevant” and questioning his street credibility.

	“You ain’t nobody, bro,” said at the time, referencing an incident in which Top5 was seen being assaulted in footage that surfaced on social media. “We watched this same dude get mushed in the face and kicked in the a**,” Wack said of his newfound rival.

	“I don’t know where you come from, bro,” he continued, warning that Los Angelenos become involved in the streets at an early age, causing them to be seasoned in the art of warfare. “We’re off the porch at 12,” Wack noted, adding that Top5 simply “does a lot of talking” and is not a threat.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.