Manage your account
SAN DIEGO (FOX 5/KUSI) — San Diegans searched Google the most for Simone Biles, the Mike Tyson vs Jake Paul match, and funeral planning near me in 2024. The top song — “Not Like Us,” by Kendrick Lamar, which was on par with the nation’s top searched song.
Nationally, the San Diego Padres came in at #9 out of 10 as one of the most searched for sports teams this year. The Padres made it to the playoffs before they were knocked out of the running for a World Series title by rival Los Angeles Dodgers.
 Visible from I-5, this trail takes you through a canyon with breathtaking views 
Annie’s Canyon Trail also made it to Google’s national list of the top 10 hiking areas searched for on Google Maps in 2024. The trail in Solana Beach, California came in at number 8, behind well known hiking spots like Garden of the Gods in Colorado and Diamond Head Crater Trailhead in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Fresh off winning more career gold medals, Olympian Simone Biles came to San Diego’s North County to the brand new Frontwave Arena for its inaugural event after it opened in Oceanside in September. The tour was the first stop for Biles and team’s “Gold Over America Tour (GOAT)” after the 2024 summer Olympics in Paris, France.
 Google’s Year in Search: What San Diegans searched for the most in 2023 
In San Diego, Biles was the most Googled Olympian, followed by:
#2: American basketball shooting guard Anthony Edwards
#3: Professional golfer Scottie Scheffler
#4: Italian tennis player Jannik Sinner
#5: Algerian professional boxer Imane Khelif, who also made it to Google’s global list of top 5 trending people this year.
The Mike Tyson vs Jake Paul match, followed by Canelo Álvarez vs Jaime Munguia and Argentina vs Colombia, were the top searched for matches this year in San Diego County.
Interestingly, the near me search in 2024 for San Diegans was dominated by funerals. The near me search locally included, in order, funeral planning near me, Jewish cemetery near me, funeral costs near me, prepaid cremation near me and memorial service near me.
 San Diego County’s older population has grown over the last decade: census 
This year’s local “near me” searches show a big difference from last year’s searches, which were pickleball courts near me, optometrist near me, pawn shop near me, Pilates near me and barbershop near me.
Nationally, Americans this year searched the most for election, Donald Trump, Katt Williams, “Inside Out 2,” “Griselda,” Mike Tyson, NY Yankees, Usher and “Not Like Us.”
The top visitor attraction searched for in 2024 was the Las Vegas Sphere, which opened in late 2023; the top stadium was Madison Square Garden in New York, New York.
The top trend — demure.
 Simone Biles tour opens new Frontwave Arena in Oceanside 
The top song nationally was the same as San Diego County’s top song — “Not Like Us,” by Kendrick Lamar.
The top searched for musicians on Google in 2024 were, in order, Usher, Diddy, Kendrick Lamar, Drake, and Justin Timberlake.
 Can you guess Merriam-Webster’s 2024 word of the year? 
Notable passing’s this year that were searched for the most — Toby Keith, Liam Payne, O.J. Simpson, James Earl Jones, and Rich Homie Quan.
Across the globe, Copa América, the U.S. Election, Liam Payne and Donald Trump dominated the top trending searches.
Last year, in celebration of Google’s 25th anniversary, the search engine released 25 Years in Search, a look at the most searched moments that have “inspired the world.”
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to FOX 5 San Diego & KUSI News.