By
Kendrick Lamar’s diss track against Drake, “Not Like Us,” continues to rack up accolades. According to various reports, it became the most streamed diss track ever over the weekend after dethroning the classic diss track “Hit’em Up” by Tupac Shakur. 
A post shared by Our Generation Music (@ourgenerationmusic)
The final diss track by Lamar in the Drake beef has surpassed 647 million streams to Pac’s diss towards Biggie, which held the title with 641 million. Lamar referenced 2Pac on “Not Like Us” in response to Drake mentioning the rap icon on his “Taylor Made Freestyle” diss to K.Dot earlier in the beef. 
In “Not Like Us,” Kendrick Lamar alleges that Drake has relationships with minors, befriending Atlanta artists for clout, legal drama, and more. The track generated 1.4 million views on YouTube within an hour after its release. Mustard produced the track.
The song’s success spawned a music video, concert, and video game. It’s eligible for a Grammy nomination, and many believe it will win “Song of the Year.” Kamala Harris played the song at a rally for her campaign for president.
It has inspired others to use it with different remakes, including Taraji P. Henson performing a version during this year’s BET Awards. Megan Thee Stallion would rap the song during her Hot Girl Summer tour. 
The beef between Drake and Kendrick Lamar has divided today’s biggest stars in hip-hop. Lil Yachty, Birdman, and Sexyy Redd have sided with Drake, while others like Rick Ross, Future, and the entire Los Angeles hip-hop scene have sided with Kendrick Lamar. Among those who have remained neutral are 21 Savage, 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg, and The Game.
Dr. Dre, Kendrick’s mentor, surprised everyone at the iconic Pop-Out concert at the Kia Forum in June to support his protege and introduce the diss track as it was performed six times in a row. Live versions of the diss track would be promoted on California radio and blended with the original.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97