Police are investigating a shooting outside rapper Drake’s mansion in Toronto that left a security guard seriously wounded. Authorities did not confirm whether Drake was at home at the time of the shooting, but said his team is cooperating. The shooting happened around 2 a.m. Tuesday in the …
TORONTO — Police are investigating a shooting outside rapper Drake's mansion in Toronto that left a security guard seriously wounded.
Rapper Drake attends the Billboard Music Awards May 1, 2019, in Las Vegas. Police are investigating a shooting outside his Toronto mansion that left a security guard seriously wounded.  
Authorities did not confirm whether Drake was at home at the time of the shooting, but said his team is cooperating. The shooting happened around 2 a.m. Tuesday in the affluent Bridle Path neighborhood of Toronto.
Toronto Police Inspector Paul Krawczyk said video of the shooting had been recovered and the guard who was wounded remains hospitalized.
In recent weeks, Drake has been engaged in a rap feud with Kendrick Lamar, with each artist dropping diss tracks attacking the other.
Krawczyk was asked whether the feud was a factor in the shooting and he said while investigators are aware of it, it was too early to discuss motive.
Drake, born Aubrey Drake Graham, is one of the best-selling artists of the modern era.
He began his career as a child actor on the popular teen program “Degrassi: The Next Generation” before setting his sights on music, dropping some of the most influential albums of any genre in the 2010s: “Take Care,” "Nothing Was the Same,” and “Views” among them.
Paramedics said a security guard working outside the home of rapper Drake was taken to a hospital Tuesday with serious but non-life-threatening injuries after the overnight shooting in Toronto.
Police investigate a shooting outside the mansion of rapper Drake Tuesday in Toronto. The shooting amid a heated rap feud between Drake and Kendrick Lamar, with each artist dropping diss tracks attacking the other.  
He’s released 13 No. 1 hits across his career, including “God’s Plan,” “Work” featuring Rihanna, and “One Dance” with WizKid and Kyla.
The “Hotline Bling” performer was named Spotify’s most streamed artist of the decade, has won five Grammy awards, and is often credited for ushering in the new era of hip-hop where rappers sing, weaving R&B sensibilities into the genre.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Police are investigating a shooting outside rapper Drake’s mansion in Toronto that left a security guard seriously wounded. Authorities did no…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.