Source: Lester Cohen / Getty
Kendrick Lamar finally released the music video for his scorching diss track Not Like Us aimed at Drake. The summer anthem, co-directed by Lamar himself alongside Dave Free. The visuals feature rare glimpses of his fiancée, Whitney Alford, and their two children, daughter Uzi and son Enoch. Rising choreographer Charm La’Donna also makes an appearance.
Released as a holiday treat for fans on July 4, the video was predominantly filmed in Lamar’s hometown of Compton, California. It follows the 37-year-old rapper as he traverses the city, dancing through various iconic locations and linking up with friends along the way. Notably, DJ Mustard, who produced Not Like Us, joins Lamar for a cruise through town in one scene.
Towards the video’s conclusion, viewers are treated to rare footage of the Grammy Award-winning artist dancing joyfully with his family in their living room. The intimate moment sees Lamar, Alford, Uzi, and Enoch c-walking and joyously moving in sync with the song as they have a ball together.
The inclusion of Lamar’s family is significant in light of past controversies, particularly Drake’s accusations of domestic violence in his song Family Matters. Lamar also takes a few jabs at the Canadian rapper throughout the video, playfully hitting an owl piñata, a clear nod to Drake’s OVO owl symbol, accompanied by a tongue-in-cheek disclaimer at the bottom of the screen that reads, “No OVHoes were harmed during the making of this video.” 
Additionally, the brand-new visual showcases rising choreographer Charm La’Donna, who is depicted walking on a tightrope. Charm was responsible for choreographing the video.
In an Instagram post shared on July 5, Charm expressed her excitement about collaborating with Lamar and Dave Free on the project.
“I have so much to say, but for now here’s me walking on a tightrope. I appreciate all the LOVE! Give me a sec I gotta take this one in,” she wrote.
Watch the full video, above.
DON’T MISS…
Tia Mowry Shows Off Her C-Walk To Kendrick Lamar’s’They Not Like Us’
Taraji P. Henson Opens 2024 BET Awards With Kendrick Lamar Parody

Related Tags


									Derm Diaries: This HBCU Student Shares Her Personal Journey With Atopic Dermatitis								

									Coi Leray Does The Big Chop And We're In Love								

									Op-Ed: Stop Telling Me I Don’t Need To Lose Any More Weight								

									Simone Biles Accepts The 2025 Time100 Impact Award In Oscar de la Renta								

									Beyoncé Drops Custom Grillz For The 'Cowboy Carter Tour'—And We Are Obsessed								

									Lizzo Celebrates Reaching Her Weight Loss Goals On Instagram								

									Jalen Hurts Marries Longtime Girlfriend Bry Burrows								

									Tina Knowles & Michelle Obama's Boots-On-The-Ground Moment Has Us Smiling								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
Celebrating Your Favorite Black-Owned Brands & Products!
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.