By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:20, 11 May 2024   |  Updated:  22:03, 11 May 2024   
 27
View  comments
Drake complained about being woken up by news helicopters flying over his house on Saturday morning.
The 37-year-old rapper took to his Instagram Story to make a noise complaint just two days after the third police-involved incident at his mansion in the past week.
Over a plain background, he tagged CP24, a news outlet from his native hometown of Toronto, and wrote that after he got his sleep, he wanted to 'discuss' the inconvenience.
'Can we discuss the chopper flight times over the house cause I won't lie I'm trying to sleep,' he penned. 
He added an emoji of an arrow shooting through a pink heart and continued: 'Anytime after 3pm works great for me.' 
Drake, 37, complained about being woken up by news helicopters flying over his house on Saturday morning; seen in May 2019
This comes after his house was the subject of yet another trespassing incident, making it three this week amid his ongoing, longtime feud with Kendrick Lamar.
The first involved an early morning shooting of a security guard outside of his mansion gates on Tuesday. 
Toronto Police told DailyMail.com they could not confirm if the Hotline Bling hitmaker was at his residence at the time of the shooting.
Then, police officers were called to his home around 2 p.m. Wednesday after an intruder tried to break into his home. 
Once again, police responded to another call about a trespasser at around 3:30 p.m. on Thursday afternoon, according to a statement from Toronto Police spokesperson Shannon Eames as reported by USA Today.
The intruder was reportedly involved in an 'altercation' with multiple security guards outside of Drake's $100 million mansion before the police arrived.
The trespasser was later taken to the hospital. 
It's unclear if there is any connection between the intruders, or the drive-by shooting, to Drake's widely publicized feud with Lamar, 36, which has been carried out via viral diss tracks. 
The rapper took to his Instagram Story to make a noise complaint just two days after the third police-involved incident at his mansion in the past week
This comes after his house was the subject of yet another trespassing incident, making it three this week amid his ongoing, longtime feud with Kendrick Lamar. It's unclear if there is any connection between the intruders, or the drive-by shooting, to Drake's widely publicized feud with Lamar, 36, which has been carried out via viral diss tracks
The first involved an early morning shooting of a security guard outside of his mansion gates on Tuesday. Toronto Police told DailyMail.com they could not confirm if the Hotline Bling hitmaker was at his residence at the time of the shooting; seen in June 2019
The shooting and attempted invasions at Drake's Toronto mansion comes after Lamar taunted him by using his home as his cover art this past week; seen in May 2023
In the past month, the rival rappers have released 'diss tracks' against each other. For his track Not Like Us, Lamar used an image of Drake's mansion covered in markers from a sex offender app
Although the police mentioned that they were aware of the feud, they said there wasn't currently any indication that the incidents were related. 
However, the shooting and attempted invasions at Drake's Toronto mansion comes after Lamar taunted him by using his home as his cover art this past week.
In the past month, the rival rappers have released 'diss tracks' against each other.
For his track Not Like Us, Lamar used an image of Drake's mansion covered in markers from a sex offender app.
They accused one another of abusing women, with the five-time Grammy winner — who recently relisted his Beverly Hills mansion for $88 million after a year on the market — dropping the last diss track, The Heart Part 6, on Sunday, May 5.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group