Manage your account
RALEIGH — Just before performing his hit song “Love Yourz” from his hit album "2014 Forest Hills Drive," J. Cole shocked the world and the 52,000 fans who filled Dorothea Dix Park for the 2024 Dreamville Festival.
The Fayetteville native, on a set featuring a replica of Fayetteville's Market House, issued a public apology to Pulitzer Prize winner Kendrick Lamar. He even offered to accept any repercussions if Kendrick felt upset about his song “7 Minute Drill,” released late last week, and clarified that the song would be removed from streaming platforms. The decision came, Cole said, after he realized the reception to the song affected his peace and that Kendrick is family.
Family is the center of the Dreamville brand and the 2024 Dreamville Festival was one big family reunion.
Day 1 of the festival was opened up by a member of hip-hop’s royal family: Domani, son of rap legend T.I., self-proclaimed King of The South. Just as Domani’s performance wrapped up, a loud voice could be heard from the Rise stage. That was the voice of the DJ for 18-year-old Florida rapper Luh Tyler. Dressed in a Carolina Blue and red tracksuit, he performed his hit songs such as “Backflippin,” “Change My Wayz” and “Law and Order.”
Back at the Shine stage, the crowd was filled with anticipation as a giant red hat appeared on stage with the words “Make America Sexxy Again” across the front, resembling Donald Trump’s signature MAGA hat. Sexxy Red made it clear that she is ready for this year’s election as she was escorted on by her "secret service agent." Sexxy turned Dreamville Fest into the “booty club” with songs like “Hellcats and SRTs,” “Hoodrats” and “Shake Yo Dreads.” While Sexxy paused for a water break, the crowd chanted “Get It Sexxxy! Get It Sexxy!” in anticipation of her newest single titled “Get It Sexxy.” She closed out her set with her smash hit “PoundTown.”
After a performance at the Rise stage by Chicago crooner Jeremih, rapper Lil Yachty delivered an electrifying performance that sent shockwaves through the festival grounds.
As a testament to Cole’s sincerity, Kendrick’s former labelmate Schoolboy Q was invited to perform his classics like “Man Of The Year,” as well as songs from his new project “Blue Lips.” During his set, the LA rapper jokingly acknowledged that he and K.Dot (Kendrick Lamar) are affiliates. However, it’s all love for Groovy Q.
Dreamville artist JID was one of the first performers when the sky darkened. However, the light show from his production lit up the entire park.
Fans made their way back to the Rise stage to see the night’s first headliner, 50 Cent. Appearing in a glass box filled with smoke, 50 went through his classic songs like “In Da Club” and “21 Questions” along with multiple wardrobe changes. Before one wardrobe change, he brought out North Carolina’s own, DaBaby. DaBaby also brought out special guests, his nephew and his daughter.
Once 50’s set concluded, fans headed back to the Shine stage to watch SZA close out the night. The R&B singer’s elaborate set included a replica boat and makeshift wrecking ball. SZA regularly ensured the safety of attendees, vowing not to continue until proper action was taken by event staff and onsite EMS. She closed out the night with her song “Good Day."
The warm weather ensured fans would have a good second day.
The biggest questions of the day were centered around Cole's “Might Delete Later” and guest appearances.
Another Atlanta native, Chase Shakur, opened the day with a smooth, melodic performance. Winston-Salem native Tia Corine opened the Rise stage dressed in a custom pink lace outfit. During her performance, she was gifted a custom purse covered in teddy bears by someone in the crowd.
Dreamville OG Omen took the Dreamville stage with a notebook in hand so that he could try out a new verse for the fans. After their cheers of approval, he went into his old discography like “Elephant Eyez.” Throughout the day, attendees witnessed performances for newcomers like Hunxcho and Key Glock, as well as legends Jeezy and Monica. Nigerian superstar Rema ended his set early because of technical difficulties.
The Barbs crowded the Rise stage for the performance of their queen, Nicki Minaj.
And at the Shine stage, where fans camped all day for a good view of the festival’s founder and main attraction, was J.Cole.
After a montage featuring images of Cole in Fayetteville, the curtain rose on a stage where Cole appeared in a Red jersey with the number 26 on the back, representing Fayetteville. He stood in front of replicas of the Markethouse, Kelly and Kelly Auto, Ace Pawn Shop and Round-A-Bout Skating.
In the center of the stage sat Cole’s actual Black Honda Civic. His set included guest appearances from Lil Yachty, Lil Durk, Benny The Butcher, 6lack, Dreamville and Jeremih.
Cole ended his set, and the festival, with “No Role Models” and a fireworks show. Next year will be the fifth anniversary of the Dreamville Festival, and Cole promises to deliver an even greater show.
Salute to the entire Dreamville team and every activist getting active. Peace.
Rakeem “Keem” Jones is a community advocate and father of three from the Shaw Road/Bonnie Doone area of Fayetteville. He can be reached at keemj45@gmail.com.
This article originally appeared on The Fayetteville Observer: Dreamville 2024: J. Cole closes out with