Three diss tracks in 24 hours is wild, but this is rap life. Just an hour after Drake dropped his "Family Matters" diss directed at Kendrick Lamar, K-Dot had his skillet ready to fry the guy with more lyrical fire. "Meet the Grahams," Kendrick's second diss track of the day following "6:16 in LA," is a letter to members of Drake's family, and it's brutal.
At midnight on Saturday (May 4), Kendrick Lamar calmly flexed on his opponent by having another diss ready as soon as Drake dropped his own on Friday night (May 3). K-Dot unleashed "Meet the Grahams" in a post on X, formerly known as Twitter. The glittering piano-driven track produced by The Alchemist finds him writing a lyrical letter to The Boy's son Adonis, mother Sandra, father Dennis and an alleged secret daughter.
K-Dot offers to be a mentor to Drizzy's son. "Dear Adonis, I'm sorry that that man is your father, let me be honest/It takes a man to be a man, your dad is not responsive/I look at him and wish your grandpa woulda wore a condom/I'm sorry that you gotta grow up and then stand behind him," Kendrick raps.
He also puts a few things on mama Graham's radar. "Dear Sandra, your son got some habits I hope you don't undermine them/Especially with all the girls that's hurt inside this climate/You're a woman, so you know how it feels to be in alignment/With emotions hoping a man can see you and not be blinded," Kenny continues.
Dennis gets an earful from Kendrick, too. "Dear Dennis, you gave birth to a master manipulator/Even using you to prove who he is is a huge favor/I think you should ask for more paper and more paper and more paper/I'm blaming you for all his gambling addictions, psychopath intuition, the man that like to play victim," the MC adds.
The savage letter continues with a shocking secret exposed if true: Drake has an alleged secret daughter. "Dear baby girl, I'm sorry that your father not active inside your world/He don't commit to much, but his music, yeah, that's for sure/He a narcissist, misogynist living inside his songs/Try destroy families rather than taking care of his own," Kendrick divulges. Drake has already denied this claim on Instagram.
Kenny also uses the artwork for the diss track to put Drake's business out there. In the photo, the 6 God's name appears on prescriptions for Ozempic, a drug that lowers blood sugar but can also increase weight loss, and Zolpidem, used to help people with insomnia.
Drizzy came through with the diss track "Family Matters" around 11 p.m. on Friday night. He accuses Kendrick of beating his fiancée, Whitney Alford, and claims one of K-Dot's kids is actually the child of the rapper's pgLang partner and friend Dave Free. The tea is being spilled and hip-hop is here for it.
Along with the new track, Drake also made an IG post promoting the record and debuted another new piece of material: a parody of Kendrick rapping on "Buried Alive Interlude," their 2011 collaboration from The Boy's Take Care album. "FAMILY MATTERS out on YouTube now," Drake wrote in the post. "Stop trying to piece together what I know and go pick up the pieces of your broken home." Check out the post below to hear Drizzy impersonating Kenny.
Hear Kendrick Lamar's lyrical letter to Drake and his family, plus the parody to "Buried Alive Interlude" below.