Nothing has been the same since Drake and Kendrick Lamar first collaborated in 2011. 

													By
												

	Carl Lamarre


	Everyone wanted this: a lyrical death match between the biggest rappers in the game today, Drake and Kendrick Lamar. At first, things seemed rosy between the young behemoths when they collaborated on each other’s records during the early stages of their careers. As time passed, friendly fire became a volcanic eruption, sparked by Lamar’s earth-shattering feature March 22, 2024, on Future and Metro Boomin’s We Don’t Trust You album. 

	Lamar didn’t mince words, hurling daggers at Drake and Cole such as “Yeah, get up with me, f–k sneak dissing/’First Person Shooter,’ I hope they came with three switches,” before spewing more venom towards the duo. “Think I won’t drop the location? I still got PTSD/ Motherf–k the Big Three, n—a, it’s just big me.”

	Though Drizzy hadn’t at the time put pen to paper just yet, he said some words to Lamar during his Sunrise, Fla., concert March 24, 2024.

	“A lot of people ask me how I’m feeling. I’m a let you know I’m feeling. Listen, the same way I’m feeling is the same way I want you to walk out this building tonight,” he said. “I got my f–king head up high, my back straight, I’m 10 f–king toes down in Florida and anywhere else I go. And I know that no matter what, it’s not a n—a on this earth that could ever f–k with me in my life!”

Billboard examines the ups and downs of what was once a fruitful and competitive relationship between Kendrick and Drake. 

	In 2011, Drake evolved from being the polarizing rookie to a full-fledged superstar, trumping expectations with his debut outing. While he hoisted incredible chart stats following his Thank Me Later campaign, questions lingered about whether he could elevate his game to the next level. Take Care was the resounding answer to critics, as he pivoted back to his popular So Far Gone roots and invited several big-name guests along for the ride, one being the highly-touted neophyte Kendrick Lamar.

	Coming off Section 80, Lamar was arguably the next West Coast savior to steer the ship, and Drake took advantage of his momentum by allowing him to shine on his “Buried Alive Interlude.” Lamar’s ego was on ten, detonated by the co-sign of Drizzy, rapping: “So blame it on Mr. OVOXO/ The reason why I’m breathin’ all the vanity I know.”

	Drake extended his hand again to the burgeoning Lamar, who garnered rave reviews for his appearance on “Buried Alive” by bringing him alongside A$AP Rocky as the opening acts for his Club Paradise Tour. Drake later rapped about his decision to fight for Rocky and Lamar as his openers on 2016’s “4 PM in Calabasas,” recalling “When they told me take an R&B ni–a on the road/ And I told ’em no and drew for Kendrick and Rocky.”

	Following Drake’s Club Paradise Tour, A$AP rounded up some of his rap comrades from Drizzy’s trek, including the 6 God, K. Dot, and 2 Chainz for “F–kin’ Problems.” Following that firestarter, Kendrick and Drake would team up again, but this time on the former’s debut album. Like “Fuckin’ Problems,” “Poetic Justice” would be a commercial success, peaking at No. 26 on the Billboard Hot 100. Unfortunately, that would mark the final collaboration between Drake and Lamar. 

	After Lamar solidified himself as a household name courtesy of his major label debut good kid, m.A.A.d city, his swagger and confidence were on ten — so much so that he sacked Drake and his peers on Big Sean’s “Control.” K. Dot’s searing take on his stance on the rap game shook the landscape as he boldly called out J. Cole, Meek Mill, Drake, Big K.R.I.T., Wale, Pusha T, ASAP Rocky, Tyler, the Creator, Mac Miller, Big Sean and Jay Electronica. “I got love for you all, but I’m trying to murder you n—as/ Trying to make sure your core fans never heard of you n—as/ They don’t want to hear not one more noun or verb from you ni–as,” he rapped.

	Drake responded to Kendrick’s diss while gracing the cover of Billboard that same month, telling the publication: “I didn’t really have anything to say about it. It just sounded like an ambitious thought to me. That’s all it was. I know good and well that [Lamar] ‘s not murdering me, at all, in any platform. So when that day presents itself, I guess we can revisit the topic.”

	Kendrick continued applying pressure on Drake when he and TDE visited the BET Hip-Hop Awards in 2013 and participated in the cipher. Over the menacing “Shook Ones” instrumental, K. Dot engaged in target practice: “Nothing’s been the same since they dropped ‘Control’/ And tucked a sensitive rapper back in his pajama clothes/ Ha ha joke’s on you, high-five… I’m bulletproof/ Your shoots never penetrates/ Pin the tail on the donkey, boy you been a fake.”

	During a cover story with VIBE Magazine, Drake addressed his shots at Kendrick on “The Langauge” and why he felt compelled to stand his ground against The Compton MC.

	“Where it became an issue is that I was rolling out an album while that verse was still bubbling, so my album rollout became about this thing. What am I supposed to say? Nah, we’ll be buddy-buddy? Mind you, I never once said he’s a bad guy [or] I don’t like him. I think he’s a f–king genius in his own right, but I also stood my ground as I should. And with that came another step, which then I have to realize I’m being baited and I’m not gonna fall. Jordan doesn’t have to play pickup to prove that he could play ball, no offense. But I’m not gonna give you the chance to shake me necessarily, ’cause I feel great. There’s no real issue.”

	During these years, Kendrick and Drake exchanged a few jabs, most notably K. Dot, when he took aim at Drizzy on “King Kunta” and called him out over his ghostwriting allegations. “I can dig rapping/ But a rapper with a ghost writer? What the f–k happened?” he penned. Drake countered back on The Game’s “100” the same year, rapping: “I would have all of your fans/ If I didn’t go pop and I stayed on some conscious s–t.” 

	Kendrick’s onslaught continued on Dr. Dre’s Compton album, where he fired more shots on “Darkside / Gone” and “Deep Water.” The latter was the more chilling of the two: “They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him/ They worry him to death, but he’s no vegetarian/ The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than / A great white, n—a, this is life in my aquarium.”

	Drake and Cole made history when they scored their first Hot 100. No. 1 song together (and Cole’s first of any kind) with “First Person Shooter.” This would be their first collaboration since 2013’s “Jodeci Freestyle.” The track is triumphant, as they share the spotlight and boast about being stadium-status MCs. Unbeknownst to him, Cole woke up the sleeping bear in Lamar when he was saluting the triumvirate of him, K. Dot, and Drake, saying: “Love when they argue the hardest MC/ Is it K-Dot? Is it Aubrey? Or me?/ We the big three like we started a league/ but right now, I feel like Muhammad Ali.”

	Kendrick didn’t hold back when given the baton on Future & Metro Boomin’s “Like That.” He fired a full clip of shots at both Cole and Drake, most notably the latter. “F–k sneak dissin’, first-person shooter/ I hope they came with three switches,” Lamar snarls when speaking on the chart-topping collaboration between the “Evil Ways” MCs. He continued demolishing both rappers when he denounced the “Big 3” of him, Cole and Drake, by saying: “Motherf–k” the big three, n—a, it’s just big me.” He punctuated his verse by calling back to Drake’s For All the Dogs album, rapping: “For all your dogs gettin’ buried/ That’s a K with all these nines, he gon’ see Pet Sematary.”

	Days after Lamar torched the internet with his scathing verse, Drake used time during his tour stop in Sunrise, Fla. to address the elephant in the room: “A lot of people asking me how I’m feeling,” he began. “I’mma let you know how I’m feeling. Listen, the way I’m feeling is the same way I want you to walk out of here feeling tonight about your f–king self.”

	“Because you know how I’m feeling?” Drake asked. “I got my f–king head up high, my back straight, I’m 10 f–king toes down in Florida or anywhere else I go, and I know that no matter what, there’s not a n—a on this earth that could ever f–k with me in my life. And that’s how I want you to walk outta here tonight.”

	A week after it originally leaked and then got premiered by DJ Akademiks, Drake brought his Kendrick Lamar diss track “Push Ups” to streaming services on April 19. The 6 God mocks Kendrick’s small stature — notably his foot size with the cover art — and his deal with Top Dawg Entertainment. K. Dot wasn’t the only target as Drake appears to aim at Rick Ross, The Weeknd, Metro Boomin, Future and more on the track. 

	Drake doubled down on his initial stab at Lamar when he released his “Taylor Made Freestyle” on Instagram. Drake upped his creativity by using A.I. vocals to rap in the voices of Tupac and Snoop Dogg on his respective verses. By playing the role of Kendrick’s influences, Drake expressed disappointment in the pgLang rapper because he hadn’t yet responded to “Push Ups.” He even cited the release of Taylor Swift’s new album, The Tortured Poets Department, as the reason K. Dot pushed back his anticipated retort. 

	Drake’s move came at a price, as Tupac’s Estate, a significant player in the late rapper’s career, threatened to sue him if he didn’t remove the song from his social media accounts. The tension and drama escalated, and Drake obliged and scrubbed the track off his pages. 

	All it took was a tweet from Kendrick Lamar to restart the feud, as he released his comeback track “Euphoria.” The six-minute diatribe was scathing, showcasing a bloodthirsty Lamar calling out Drake for using the N-word, questioning his fashion sense, his hip-hop merits and more. 

	“Yeah, Cole and Aubrey know I’m a selfish n–a/ The crown is heavy, huh/ I pray they my real friends, if not, I’m YNW Melly/ I don’t like you poppin s–t at Pharrell, for him I’ll inherit the beef/ F–k all that pushin p, let me see you Pusha T, you better off spinning again on him you think about pushing me/He’s Terrence Thorton I’m Terence Crawford I’m whooping feet,” he spewed.

	Less than 72 hours after “Euphoria” arrived, Kendrick Lamar ambushed Drake again and attempted to go “Back to Back” with his second diss song of the battle, “6:16 in LA.” In the early morning of May 3, Kendrick unveiled his lyrical bomb. This time, he fired straight at Drake’s camp, claiming the OVO boss has a mole dishing out dirt on him. “Have you ever thought that OVO was working for me?/ Fake bully, I hate bullies/ You must be a terrible person/ Everyone inside your team is whispering that you deserve it/Can’t Toosie Slide up out of this one, it’s just gon’ resurface.”

	Lamar’s onslaught continued, calling out Drake’s brethren when he said his close ones are stabbing him behind his back. “100 n—as that you got on salary/ and 20 of them want you as a casualty/ and one of them is actually/ is next to you / and two of them is practically tied to your lifestyle,” he spews.
A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar)

	Drake’s eviscerating “Family Matters” reply arrived on YouTube about 14 hours after Kendrick Lamar delivered his “6:16 in LA” diss track. Drizzy picks up where he left off to finish “Push Ups” and snipes at Lamar and his alleged fractured relationship with fiancee Whitney Alford, which he claims is filled with infidelity.

	“You the Black messiah wifing up a mixed queen/ And hit vanilla cream to help out with your self-esteem/ On some Bobby sh—, I wanna know what Whitney need,” he spews.

	Drake later turns his sights to his other opps in the music game while dissing A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, Metro Boomin, Future and Rick Ross.

	The accompanying music video finds Drake heading to the New Ho King Chinese restaurant Kendrick referenced on “Euphoria.” 

	Mere minutes after Drake’s “Family Matters” arrived, Kendrick Lamar returned fire with the blistering “Meet the Grahams.”

	As the clock struck midnight on the East Coast on May 4, K. Dot released his third Drake diss track this week. Family seems to be the common theme as he calls out Drizzy for being a “deadbeat” father and alleges that Drake is hiding another child besides Adonis.

	“You lied about your son, you lied about your daughter, huh, you lied about them other kids that’s out there hoping that you come,” Lamar raps, claiming Drake has a baby girl.

	Kendrick continues to warn Drake and alleges that he’s got issues with alcohol, gambling and contests there are pedophiles inside the OVO camp. He also lists off all of Drake’s alleged lies when it comes to his son, ghost writers, cosmetic surgeries and more. “F— a rap battle, this a lifelong battle with yourself,” K. Dot snipes.

	Kendrick’s third diss track of the week is no doubt his most scathing following “6:16 in LA” and “Euphoria” on what’s turned out to be a historic night in hip-hop.

	Less than 24 hours after unleashing “Meet the Grahams,” Kendrick Lamar struck against Drake yet again with the scathing “Not Like Us.”

	On the Mustard-produced track, K. Dot claims Drizzy and his “OV Hoe” team are pedophiles. The accompanying artwork for the track shows an aerial view of the 6 God’s mansion outside of Toronto, with red sex offender symbols placed on the home.

	“Say, Drake, I hear you like ’em young/ You better not ever go to cell block one/ To any b—- that talk to him and they in love/ Just make sure you hide your lil’ sister from him,” Lamar raps over the potential club banger before referencing Drizzy’s 2021 album, Certified Lover Boy.

	“They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs/ And party at the party, playin’ with his nose now/ And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?/ Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles.”

	After a fierce tongue-lashing by Lamar on “Meet the Grahams” and “Not Like Us,” Drake released his five-minute rebuttal “The Heart Pt. 6,” playing off Lamar’s groundbreaking “Heart” franchise. Drake debunked the allegations that he has a daughter and that he was the one who, in fact, baited Lamar into receiving fake intel about his alleged child in the first place. 

	“We plotted for a week and then we fed you the information/ A daughter that’s 11 years old, I bet he takes it/ We thought about giving a fake name or a destination/ But you so thirsty, you not concerned with investigation,” raps Drake. 

	He didn’t stop at debunking the allegations about his daughter. He also turned the spotlight on Lamar’s girlfriend Whitney, suggesting that she might be having a baby with the rapper’s business associate Dave Free. His rhymes: “And why isn’t Whitney denyin’ all of the allegations?/ Why is she following Dave Free and not Mr. Morale?/ You haven’t seen the kids in six months, the distance is wild/ Dave leaving heart emojis underneath pics of the child.”

	Drake’s response, delivered with unfiltered candor, left many fans divided. While some saw it as a valiant effort, others felt it was a little too late for the Canadian rap star, adding a layer of uncertainty to the ongoing feud. 

	Lamar’s scalding diss blazed the internet and charts, as “Not Like Us” debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100. The chart win secures Lamar’s fourth No. 1 on the Hot 100, his first solo entry since 2017’s “HUMBLE.” Along with “Not Like Us” topping the charts, “Euphoria” saw a considerable gain too, climbing eight spots and peaking at No. 3 during its second week on the all-genre tally. 

	Kendrick Lamar united the West Coast with his Pop Out concert at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, Calif. K. Dot delivered the live debut of Drake disses such as “Like That,” “Euphoria” — which contained a tweaked lyric regarding 2Pac’s ring that Drizzy has — and the Hot 100 No. 1 hit “Not Like Us.”

	Lamar performed “Not Like Us” five times in total, as he figuratively danced on Drake’s grave and took a victory lap in the war. The fourth edition was the most memorable, as Kendrick brought out gang members from different sets and various L.A. luminaries preaching a message of unity. 

	Kendrick Lamar celebrated America’s Independence Day a little differently with the arrival of his “Not Like Us” video on July 4. The Kendrick and Dave Free-directed clip features subliminal shots at Drake in the form of an owl piñata and an owl locked in a cage. 

	After a smoldering MVP campaign, which saw his West Coast anthem “Not Like Us,” smothered the airwaves and pop culture, Kendrick Lamar was announced as the halftime performer for the 2025 Super Bowl. Lamar’s crowning moment wasn’t entirely well-received, as skeptics voiced their frustration regarding New Orleans superstar Lil Wayne’s exclusion from the celebratory event. With the Super Bowl coming to Wayne’s hometown next year, skeptics voiced complaints, most notably Drake and Wayne’s Young Money teammate Nicki Minaj, who shaded Jay-Z for his involvement in choosing K. Dot.

	“Denying a young black man what he rightfully put into this game for no other reason but your ego,” she wrote to X. “Your hatred for BIRDMAN, Drake & Nicki got you punishing Lil Wayne?”

	Capping off his hellacious run, Kendrick released his sixth studio album, GNX. The surprise drop rocked the internet as Lamar unabashedly spoke out against Lil Wayne’s lack of support, Snoop’s apparent betrayal and more. Though he doesn’t call out Drake by name on the album, it’s safe to assume he doesn’t look to end things amicably with the 6 God anytime soon. “I never peaced it up, that s–t don’t sit well with me / Before I take a truce, I’ll take ’em to Hell with me,” he raps on “Wacced Out Murals.”

	Less than 48 hours after Kendrick’s surprise drop, Drake appeared on a Kick stream with Canadian streamer xQc. From the onset, Drake didn’t mince words when speaking to the chat, seemingly denouncing Kendrick’s barbs from their feud. “I’m here, as you can see, fully intact. Mind, body and soul. In case you are wondering, right? You need facts to take me out. Fairytales won’t do it..”

	Drake didn’t stop there, issuing jabs to The Weeknd and Steve Lacy before announcing his upcoming Australian tour. Interestingly enough, The Anitta Max Wynn Tour will kick off the same day as Kendrick’s Super Bowl performance — Feb. 9.

	Broken exclusively by Billboard on Nov. 25, Drake filed a motion accusing UMG and Spotify of inflating Kendrick’s “Not Like Us” streams during the rappers’ highly publicized feud. The accusations against UMG claim that they used bots and payola to spike up the song, leaving Drake in a vulnerable position publicly. Though Spotify declined to comment at press time, UMG issued a statement to Billboard, denying the allegations.

	“The suggestion that UMG would do anything to undermine any of its artists is offensive and untrue,” UMG said. “We employ the highest ethical practices in our marketing and promotional campaigns. No amount of contrived and absurd legal arguments in this pre-action submission can mask the fact that fans choose the music they want to hear.”

	Less than 24 hours after filing a motion against UMG, Drake returned with a second one, this time alleging UMG funneled payments through IHeartRadio as part of a “pay-to-play scheme.” He also accuses them of defamation, claiming that they could have prevented the release of “Not Like Us” due to the song “falsely accusing him of being a sex offender.” With Lamar spewing lyrics that label Drake as a “certified pedophile” and “predator,” Drake believes UMG could have refused to distribute the song. “UMG … could have refused to release or distribute the song or required the offending material to be edited and/or removed,” Drake’s lawyers said. “But UMG chose to do the opposite. UMG designed, financed and then executed a plan to turn ‘Not Like Us’ into a viral mega-hit with the intent of using the spectacle of harm to Drake and his businesses to drive consumer hysteria and, of course, massive revenues. That plan succeeded, likely beyond UMG’s wildest expectations.”

	UMG and iHeartRadio did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Drake’s second action.

	Conductor Williams released a Drake freestyle titled “Fighting Irish” to his YouTube page on Jan. 3, which was quickly taken down. The track finds Drizzy getting introspective as he looks to turn the page to a clean slate in 2025 and leave 2024 behind him. He examines his life in the wake of the fallout from the Kendrick battle. 

	“The world fell in love with the gimmicks, even my brothers got tickets, seemed like they loved every minute/ Just know the s–t is personal to us and wasn’t just business/ Analyzing behavioral patterns is somewhat suspicious,” he raps.

	Hours after withdrawing his legal action against UMG, which accused them and Spotify of helping boost streams for Kendrick’s “Not Like Us,” Drake filed a defamation case in New York City against his home label. The contentious battle between Drake and UMG is now in the hands of the courts after the “One Dance” artist accused the label of supporting a song littered with “inflammatory and shocking allegations.” In addition, Drake claims this was UMG’s attempt to plummet his value and give them a leg up in future negotiations with him. (He had reportedly signed a deal of $400 million with UMG in 2022.)

	In the lawsuit, Drake remains adamant that UMG aided Lamar and participated in “pay for play” by allegedly using bots to boost streams for “Not Like Us.”

	Lamar kicked off 2025 with a bang. “Not Like Us” officially surpassed one billion Spotify streams.

	Kendrick Lamar won five Grammy Awards at the 2025 ceremony, including two of the Big Four — for record of the year as well as song of the year. He also took home trophies for best rap song, best rap performance and best music video to bring his grand total to 22 Grammy Awards.

	Plus, Kendrick accepted his awards dressed in a Canadian tuxedo, which seems like another dig at Drake.

	From the moment Dot took the stage for his 2025 Super Bowl Halftime Show, all of the people in the crowd at Caesars Superdome — and the millions of people watching from home — were waiting for the star to perform one song. And boy, did he.

	Lamar relished in his delivery “Not Like Us” from start to finish, at first teasing the crowd with the first few notes before cutting himself off, spitting, “I want to perform their favorite song, but you know they love to sue,” more than likely referring to Drake’s lawsuit against Universal Music Group.

	Then, minutes later, Kenny finally launched into the Hot 100 chart-topper for real, appearing to enjoy every moment — but especially when he stared dead into the camera with a big smile and teased, “Say, Drake, I heard you like ’em young.” A few lines later, he was joined by the entire stadium screaming at top volume, “Tryna strike a chord and it’s probably A-minor!”

	But if all that wasn’t enough to get under a certain Canadian star’s skin, Lamar also had Serena Williams — whom Drake is rumored to have dated — join him on the field to crip walk during “Not Like Us.”

	After Kendrick enjoyed arguably the best two weeks of his life, highlighted by five Grammy wins and a record-breaking Super Bowl halftime performance, Drake returned shots on his new collaborative album with PartyNextDoor. On the album standout “Gimme a Hug,” Drake fires away on K. Dot, reminding fans why his “King Petty” moniker will stand the test of time.

	“Cause if I die, it’s these n—as that become the sole beneficiary/ And what the f–k are they gon’ do with it?/ Have the girls up at 29 on stage twerking with a dictionary?” he says to spurn Lamar’s latest triumphs.

	Then, Drake looks to thrash Lamar further, rapping: “Damn, they be droppin’ s–t, but we be droppin’ harder s–t/ F–k a rap beef, I’m tryna get the party lit,” he spits.

	UMG returned fire at Drake’s defamation lawsuit accusing the rapper of trying to “save face” after losing the battle to Kendrick Lamar and his incendiary chart-topper “Not Like Us.” 

	Attorneys for UMG sought to dismiss the lawsuit, claiming his allegations were “meritless” and that he resorted to going to court because of the embarrassment he endured during the battle. “Plaintiff, one of the most successful recording artists of all time, lost a rap battle that he provoked and in which he willingly participated,” UMG’s lawyers wrote. “Instead of accepting the loss like the unbothered rap artist he often claims to be, he has sued his own record label in a misguided attempt to salve his wounds.”

	 “Drake has been pleased to use UMG’s platform to promote tracks leveling similarly incendiary attacks at Lamar,” the company’s attorneys continued. “But now, after losing the rap battle, Drake claims that ‘Not Like Us’ is defamatory. It is not.”

	In a statement to Billboard, Drake’s attorney Michael J. Gottlieb responded to the new filing made by the music giant. “UMG wants to pretend that this is about a rap battle in order to distract its shareholders, artists and the public from a simple truth: a greedy company is finally being held responsible for profiting from dangerous misinformation that has already resulted in multiple acts of violence,” Gottlieb said. “This motion is a desperate ploy by UMG to avoid accountability, but we have every confidence that this case will proceed and continue to uncover UMG’s long history of endangering, abusing and taking advantage of its artists.”

	Drizzy updated his lawsuit against UMG to allege that Lamar’s Super Bowl Halftime Show — during which he performed “Not Like Us” — was meant to “assassinate the character of another artist.” 

	Drake’s attorneys argued in the updated suit that censoring the word “pedophile” during the live broadcast didn’t take away from the defamatory message, but instead, underscored the 6 God’s legal case against his label.

	UMG slammed the amended suit in a statement to Billboard, and said that the rapper was being misled by his lawyers. “Should his legal representatives senselessly keep the New York lawsuit alive, we will demonstrate that all remaining claims are without merit,” the label said. “It is shameful that these foolish and frivolous legal theatrics continue. They are reputationally and financially costly to Drake and have no chance of success.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.