Source: General / Getty
We’ve officially got a rap beef between two of the biggest names in the generation of Hip Hop. By now, we’ve all heard Kendrick Lamar‘s verse on “Like That” from the Future and Metro Boomin project We Don’t Trust You. In it, the Grammy-winning rapper scoffed at being included in “The Big 3,” insisting that he stands above his peers (but more specifically J. Cole and Drake).
RELATED: Our Favorite Collabs from Every Rapper Beefing with Drake
RELATED: Kendrick Lamar Disses Drake and J. Cole on “Like That”
RELATED: Joe Budden Questions Drake’s Relationship with Sexxy Red
Kendrick’s “Like That” verse included a few more shots, leaving many to wonder if we may be on the verge of a true clash of the titans. Now Drake has been battle tested on more than one occasion, with his most notable battles being against Meek Mill and, more recently VA rapper Pusha T.
As for Cole? We’ve never seen him truly go at another MC. Sure, he’s given a subliminal here or there.. and even criticized Kanye for spiraling out of control on “False Prophets,” but now, for the first time.. it seems the gloves are off and, to be fair, he’s in the best lyrical shape of his career.
This may be the start of something big.
Check out Cole’s response to Kendrick below.
Now.. we wait to see if Drizzy jumps in the rumble.


[LISTEN] J. Cole Disses Kendrick Lamar On New Track, ‘7 Minute Drill’ 
						was originally published on
						theboxhouston.com



									Listen Live								

									Man Charged with Murder After Fatal Shooting at Gas Station								

									3 Dead in Double Murder-Suicide at Canal Winchester Apartment								

									Download Our New Power 107.5 Mobile App For Your Smartphone!								

									Win $250!								

									8th Annual SUMMER614								

									Buckeyes Visit the White House, JD Vance Fumbles Trophy [PHOTOS]								

									Win Tickets to See Wiz Khalifa & Sean Paul!								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.