Pre-sale tickets will be available in December.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


J. Cole’s Dreamville Festival is returning to North Carolina in 2025. Dreamville Fest is set to celebrate its fifth anniversary during the weekend of April 5 and 6 at Raleigh’s Dorothea Dix Park.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					J Cole		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The first wave of pre-sales will start on Dec. 11 at 9 a.m. ET, with various general admission and VIP packages available on the Dreamville Fest website. These will be the least expensive deals for the two-day tickets, which will only increase as the festival date gets closer.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	While the lineup is yet to be revealed, fans can expect another star-studded affair in 2025 along with dozens of tasty food vendors, site-wide art installations, merch booths and the famed Dreamville Ferris Wheel on the festival grounds.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Fans had plenty to say in the Instagram post’s comments section about the festival’s return. “Damn 5 years already seems crazy to hear. Especially having never missed one,” one person wrote.

	Another suggested: “I’ll come but can we get better speakers for the rise stage this year.”

	There were fans even calling for J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar to get back on good terms so the “Not Like Us” rapper could headline the festival. 

	“April 5 & 6, 2025 Sign up now to be the first to get presale access at dreamvillefest.com or by texting DREAMVILLE to 68624,” Dreamville captioned the announcement on IG. “Presale begins 12/11 at 9am EST.”
A post shared by Dreamville Fest (@dreamvillefest)

	2024’s festival featured J. Cole headlining, but his set is perhaps best remembered for his apology to Kendrick Lamar as he walked back his “7 Minute Drill” diss track and bowed out of the feud. 

	“That s–t don’t sit right with my spirit,” Cole said in April. “That s–t disrupts my f–king peace. So what I want to say right here tonight is in the midst of me doing that and in that s–t, trying to find a little angle and downplay this n—a’s f—ing catalog and his greatness, I want to say right now tonight, how many people think Kendrick Lamar is one of the greatest motherf–kers to ever touch a f—ing microphone? Dreamville, y’all love Kendrick Lamar, correct? As do I.”

	The North Carolina rapper continued: “I just want to come up here and publicly be like, bruh, that was the lamest, goofiest s–t. I say all that to say it made me feel like 10 years ago when I was moving incorrectly. And I pray that god will line me back up on my purpose and on my path, I pray that my n—a really didn’t feel no way and if he did, my n—a, I got my chin out. Take your best shot, I’ma take that s–t on the chin boy, do what you do. All good. It’s love.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.