Taylor Swift is said to be "devastated" over the grotesque AI-generated images that have emerged online, with her now "in two minds about her career" and unsure of how to move forward.
The 34-year-old hitmaker is the latest victim of a deepfake porn site, which shared fake images of Taylor in NSFW situations while donning Kansas City Chiefs merchandise earlier this week. When the fake images emerged online, Taylor's fans were quick to react, with many urging the singer to take legal action.
Whether the singer will take legal action is an open question, but a source close to the singer did tell MailOnline in the week that Taylor's family and friends are "furious".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift 'considering legal action' after explicit AI-generated images emerge
According to MailOnline, a source close to the hitmaker has said: "Whether or not legal action will be taken is being decided but there is one thing that is clear: these fake AI-generated images are abusive, offensive, exploitative, and done without Taylor’s consent and/or knowledge."
Carrying out a Tarot reading for the hitmaker in the wake of the disgraceful occurrence of the fake images, celebrity psychic and astrologer Inbaal Honigman has exclusively told The Mirror that she is "truly devastated" and "isn't sure how to move forward".
"When tuning into Taylor Swift's feelings around the disgraceful AI-generated images circulating at the moment, a single card comes out. It is the three of Swords, a tarot card of heartbreak and hard choices," Inbaal revealed to us.
Describing the card, Inbaal noted how a red heart is visible, with it pierced by three sharp swords, "meaning Taylor is truly devastated by the news that anyone would take the time and effort to create something so grotesque and demeaning". Inbaal added: "She believes that this person, and anyone who laughed at the images, must really hate her."
She then went on to reveal: "The three of Swords is a card that predicts a fork in the road, where both options are bad, and it means that Taylor is thinking that giving up her career would be an awful choice, but staying in a career that can result in this happening, is just as bad.
"The card says that she's in two minds about her entire career and way of life, and isn't sure how to move forward at all," Inbaal concluded.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.