Blogs: All That Glitters							 /
													
								Trends							

By Annie Davidson Watson | January 29, 2024
Taylor Swift wore her heart on her sleeve and elsewhere at yesterday’s NFL playoff game won by the Kansas City Chiefs (on which her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, is a tight end—but you already knew that).
Swift is nothing if not intentional with her personal style, typically wearing items that have a deeper meaning or message behind them. And for the Chiefs’ game against the Baltimore Ravens, she sported some seriously sentimental jewels.
Many of the pieces are already sold out, naturally. But here we take a closer look at what Swift wore, jewelry-wise, in support of her football beau.
An overt nod to Kelce, this ring showcases the tight end’s red jersey and number.
Swift, who’s known for (among many other things) popularizing friendship bracelets, has her fair share of them, but the one she wore yesterday kicks things up with over four carats of lab-grown diamonds. Her version spells out “TNT,” believed to stand for “Taylor and Travis.”
We already know Swift is a fan of red, so it works out quite nicely that it’s one of the Chiefs’ colors. This gold ring from Mejuri gets its red from a gorgeous garnet.
Swift layered this pendant with another gold necklace for an understated effect that still wove in some fandom.
Straying from the Chiefs’ color scheme, Swift wore these opal earrings as a discreet tribute to her partner: Opal is Kelce’s birthstone. Could the earrings also be an indicator of what’s to come—something blue?
Top: Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift at the Jan. 28 AFC championship game, after Kelce’s Kansas City Chiefs beat the Baltimore Ravens to secure a spot in the Super Bowl. (Photo: Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Follow me on Instagram: @anniedavidsonwatson
By Rob Bates April 30, 2025
By Rob Bates April 30, 2025
By Karen Dybis April 30, 2025
By Brittany Siminitz April 30, 2025
2025 © RX USA. Use of this website is subject to terms of use.
Are you sure you want to log out?