Taylor Swift was overheard telling boyfriend Travis Kelce how “proud” she is of him following the tight end’s dominant win against the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday to advance to the Super Bowl.
New video from the loved-up interaction, shared by the NFL, shows Kelce heading over to tell Swift that he was heading back into the locker room following the trophy ceremony.
“Tay, I’m gonna enjoy with the guys,” the Kansas City Chiefs star said while leaning in for a kiss.
“I love you,” the 34-year-old athlete added. “So much it’s not funny.”
“I’ve never been so proud of anyone,” she seemingly replied, pulling him in close. “Ever.”
Kelce was noticeably emotional as he walked away from the “Cruel Summer” singer, with a tear running down his face.
While the pair’s goodbye came after most of the stadium had already cleared out, the lovebirds also shared an emotional moment right after the game.
Swift, also 34, rushed down to the field alongside the two-time Super Bowl champion’s parents, Donna and Ed Kelce, as well as his brother, Jason Kelce.
Despite getting separated from the two men, Swift quickly found Travis and the pair shared a passionate kiss despite the swarm of cameras following her every move. 
“Nevada!” he yelled while pulling Swift in for a kiss, repeatedly asking, “How ’bout that one, huh?”
“I’ve never seen anything like that in my life,” an elated Swift replied as the couple rocked back and forth. 
Despite briefly greeting his father, Travis then turned back to the “Anti-Hero” singer, asking, “What’s up, sweetie.”
The pair, who shared several more kisses, then discussed where the singer and his family were sitting before exchanging “I love yous.”
While Travis eventually went back to celebrate with his team, Swift seemingly joined the rest of her group back up in their VIP suite, where she was seen rocking Travis’ conference champion hat.
She paired the new piece of memorabilia with a relatively low-key — yet pricey — red-and-black outfit, which she completed with a “TNT” friendship bracelet made up of more than 4 carats of diamonds.
Now that the Missouri-based team has officially won the AFC division, they are set to take on the San Francisco 49ers on Feb. 11 for a chance at the Lombardi Trophy. 
For more Page Six you love…
Despite the fact that Swift has a show in Japan the night before, we’re told that the songstress plans to make the 13-hour trek through the night to make it back in time for the big game. 
“It’s a brutal flight, but she’ll get on her plane right after the concert,” an insider told us Monday. 
Thankfully for Swift, the timezone is on her side as Tokyo is 17 hours ahead of Las Vegas, where the game is being played. 
However, the singer will need all the rest that she can get after playing four consecutive shows to kick off the second leg of her international Eras Tour.
Advertisement