Share
The Kansas City Chiefs are headed to their second straight Super Bowl after beating the Baltimore Ravens in Sunday's AFC title game.
LAS VEGAS - Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs are heading to Las Vegas to face off against the San Francisco 49ers in a Super Bowl rematch from four years ago.
This means sports fans – and "Swiftie" fans – are expecting Taylor Swift to be in attendance for the big game. 
But, the night before the Super Bowl, the music icon is performing nearly 6,000 miles away at a concert in Tokyo, Japan. 
Will the pop star make it in time to see her boyfriend Kelce play? It’s likely, but she’ll need to be…swift.
RELATED: Super Bowl 2024: All you need to know
The Super Bowl is scheduled to kick off at 6:30 p.m. ET, 3:30 p.m. local time at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas. Expect programming to begin 30 minutes to an hour before that.
Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs celebrates with Taylor Swift after a 17-10 victory against the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game at M&T Bank Stadium on January 28, 2024 in Baltimore, Maryland. (Credit: Patrick Smith/Getty I 
This year's game will be broadcast on CBS. Anyone with a Paramount+ subscription (or a one-week free trial) will be able to stream the game, as well.
Swift is performing in Tokyo for four nights from Feb. 7 - 10. On Feb. 10, her concert is scheduled to start at 6 p.m. local time.
Despite this, Tokyo is currently 15 hours ahead of Las Vegas. This means, Swift’s concert actually begins at 3 a.m. on Feb. 10 in Las Vegas, giving her some more time to arrive.
Taylor Swift and Brittany Mahomes react during a game between the Los Angeles Chargers and Kansas City Chiefs at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium on October 22, 2023 in Kansas City, Missouri. (Credit: Jamie Squire/Getty Images) 
Once her concert finishes at around 10 p.m. local time, she will still have about 32 hours to make it to the game.
According to Google Flights, the shortest nonstop flight time from Tokyo to Las Vegas is about 13 hours.
RELATED: Super Bowl 2024: Chiefs, 49ers to square off in Las Vegas showdown
This means that she can certainly make it back for the game, but she may be a bit jet-lagged.
This story was reported from Los Angeles.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations