DECATUR — The kids will be able to see a show designed just for them and their families during the Devon Lakeshore Amphitheater's summer concert series.
The Canadian-based Mini Pop Kids will be on stage Friday, July 26, at the Nelson Park venue.
Performed by children with dancing and songs sung from popular artists such as Beyoncé, Taylor Swift, Harry Styles and others, the show was created to entertain the entire family. 
Tickets, ranging from $12 to $25, are currently available online starting at the Devon Amphitheater's Facebook page.
The show is not part of the Devon Amphitheater season ticket package.
For more information about the venue and other upcoming shows, visit devonamphitheater.com.
A new public art attraction is unveiled in a ceremony with the Decatur Area Convention and Visitors Bureau, the Community Foundation of Macon County, and the Decatur Park District in Nelson Park on Tuesday.
Community members take in a new public art attraction next to the Devon Lakeshore Amphitheater in Nelson Park on Tuesday.
Natalie Beck, president of the Community Foundation of Macon County, Clay Gerhard, executive director of the Decatur Park District, and Teri Hammel, executive director of the Decatur Area Convention and Visitors Bureau, approach the new public art attraction in Nelson Park to take pictures on Tuesday.
Councilman Dennis Cooper poses for pictures with the new public art attraction from the Decatur Area Convention and Visitors Bureau, the Community Foundation of Macon County, and the Decatur Park District in Nelson Park on Tuesday.
Natalie Beck, president of the Community Foundation of Macon County, poses with the new public art attraction in Nelson Park on Tuesday.
Clay Gerhard, executive director of the Decatur Park District, and Teri Hammel, executive director of the Decatur Area Convention and Visitors Bureau, welcome people to take pictures with the new public art attraction in Nelson Park on Tuesday. It was Hammel's idea to bring the attraction to Decatur.
Teri Hammel, executive director of the Decatur Area Convention and Visitors Bureau, speaks before unveiling the new public art attraction in Nelson Park on Tuesday.
Community members take pictures with the new public art attraction next to the Devon Lakeshore Amphitheater in Nelson Park on Tuesday.
Contact Donnette Beckett at (217) 421-6983. Follow her on Twitter: @donnettebHR
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
"Together Decatur" Columnist and Food/Drink Reporter
The Children’s Museum of Illinois will host a Mardi Gras-themed party aimed at adults 21 and older on Feb. 13.
Members of the Macon County Fair Board announced some of the highlights for this year’s fair.
Decatur Park District executive director, will be the guest speaker at the MaconCounty Community Environmental Council Quarterly Environmental Forum.
Rolling skating will be offered Feb. 2-4 and Feb. 9-11 in Pavilion 1 of Fairview Park.
The outdoor festival will be held today along Elm Street in Argenta with indoor activities in nearby facilities.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.