Donald Trump’s re-election bid could sit on Taylor Swift’s shoulders.
Pointy-heads reckon a political endorsement for either presidential candidate by the superstar could sway November’s election. A survey found 18% of voters would be ‘more likely’ or ‘significantly more likely’ to vote for a candidate if they are backed by the Shake It Off singer, 34.
Her influence was more noticeable with the under-35s. The race is now on for Trump, who’s looks likely to be the Republican candidate, and Democrat Joe Biden, 81, to sway the hitmaker to their side.
READ MORE: 'Saddest ever' Grand Designs house in new tragic twist after costing owner marriage and £7m
For the latest news from the Daily Star, click here .
Communications consultant James Haggerty said: “She’s influenced popular culture, sports, the economics of entire regions of the US. Celebrity power in elections has grown because celebrity power itself has grown. And in a world awash in messages, it’s the celebrity voices that really resonate.
“In a world where a reality show star can become president—and maybe become president twice—all of this makes perfect sense.”
The poll by Redfield & Wilton Strategies found 55% said they were neutral and would not be swayed.
There will be around eight million new voters in this year’s American election. And there will be an estimated 41 million Gen Z voters, many said to be influenced by celebrities and social media.
Swift, who was named Time magazine’s 2023 ‘Person of the Year’, vowed to kick Trump, 77, out of the White House with her vote back in 2020.
She tweeted: “We will vote you out in November.”
But she has never publicly confirmed who she votes for.
For the latest breaking news and stories from across the globe from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletter by clicking here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.