During the latest episode of Nightcap, Shannon Sharpe favorably compared Taylor Swift to Michael Jackson, and suggested that no other artist, including Beyoncé, is capable of having the same impact on the NFL.
Swift has brought a lot of attention to the NFL from those who otherwise wouldn't be interested thanks to her relationship with Travis Kelce of the Kansas City Chiefs.
"The attention that she brings and the people, the eyes, that she brings that don't even watch the game of football... it's crazy what she's been able to do for the NFL," co-host Chad Johnson said. "Tell the other person that's gonna do that," Sharpe added while referencing reports that she's brought $331 million in value to the NFL so far.
"Beyoncé," Johnson said.
"Not like this," Sharpe shot back. "These eight-to-15-year-old eyeballs... Ocho, I love Beyoncé. [But] Beyoncé ain't moving the needle like this chick, Ocho. ... She's the closest thing to moving the needle like Michael Jackson that we've seen. This is it."
Johnson told him "reel it back in a little bit" and insisted that Beyoncé is capable of moving the needle just as much as Swift, if not more.
"No she doesn't," Sharpe said. "Not like Taylor. ... Taylor Swift, I mean, she a different animal. Beyoncé is phenomenal." He went on to claim that the NFL would want Taylor Swift to perform at the Super Bowl halftime show over "Beyoncé, Jay-Z, and Rihanna combined." Sharpe insisted that Swift also turned down the opportunity to perform. "Just the facts," he said.
Is no secret that Taylor Swift has brought a lot of eyes to the Kansas City Chiefs. Back in November, for instance, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell seemed especially pleased with the romance. "They’re happy, they seem to be enjoying their relationship. That’s great, in and of itself," said Goodell. "But it has connected more fans of Taylor’s and more fans of the NFL in some ways. Sort of, to see that they have a connection, now [fans] have a connection to our game and to Taylor. ... I think it's great for the league to have that kind of attention."
music | BY Mark Elibert
Taylor Swift-Related Searches Blocked on X After AI-Generated Explicit Images Go Viral
sports | BY Brad Callas
Justin Timberlake Recalls Celebratory Chest Bump With Travis Kelce: 'I Saw My Life Flash Before My Eyes'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Fans Band Together to 'Protect Taylor Swift' After Spread of NSFW A.I. Images
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.