It’s safe to call Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars’s “Uptown Funk” a global sensation. The 2014 single spent 14 weeks atop the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, the sixth longest run on top for a song ever, and it reached the number-one spot in multiple other countries as well. Among its many, many achievements, it took home the Grammy for Record of the Year. Looking back, one might assume the track coasted its way to the Grammy win, but its road to victory is much less straightforward than you might think.
While “Uptown” was a huge hit, it wasn’t lacking for competition. Alongside it were three other massive songs, plus a critically beloved fifth nominee. The likely runner-up was Ed Sheeran’s signature ballad “Thinking Out Loud,” his biggest hit at the time and the second biggest hit of 2015, behind “Uptown.” It was pure Grammy-bait: a sentimental soul ballad reminiscent of tracks from icons like Marvin Gaye and Stevie Wonder. And considering it won Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance, it’s safe to say it was second for Record.
Also nominated was Taylor Swift, whose “Blank Space” lost to "Thinking Out Loud" in those aforementioned categories. In another year, “Blank Space” might’ve won easily: it’s one of Swift’s most lauded and recognizable songs, poking fun at her media persona and accusations of being a “serial dater,” and it was a major hit. The track topped the Hot 100 and finished as the seventh biggest hit of 2015. And with Swift’s Album of the Year win for "1989" that same night, she could’ve easily swept with different competition.
Alongside Ronson/Mars, Sheeran and Swift, The Weeknd was nominated for his chart-topper “Can’t Feel My Face.” The track spent three nonconsecutive weeks at number-one and at the time was his biggest hit. He did win two Grammys, both in the R&B field, so he likely had support for Record of the Year, especially since “Can’t Feel My Face” got enough pop support to be nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance too. And speaking of R&B, last but not least in Record of the Year was D’Angelo. The R&B superstar was nominated for his song “Really Love” off the eventual Best R&B Album winner that year, "Black Messiah." While the song wasn’t a hit, it likely got in on the strength of its acclaim: its parent album was the most acclaimed of its year, with an almost unbeatable 95 score on Metacritic.
So “Uptown Funk” did face a significant battle. How did it win? First was its sound. If there’s one thing Grammy voters love, it’s a throwback. Other Record of the Year winners like Mars’s “24k Magic,” Daft Punk’s “Get Lucky,” Lizzo’s “About Damn Time,” Amy Winehouse’s “Rehab” and Silk Sonic’s “Leave The Door Open” also nailed their retro styles. A big part of why such songs win is that they have easy cross-generational appeal, connecting with older voters’ nostalgia while being accessible to younger generations too.
Of course, popularity was also a factor in the song’s win. While the Grammys are not supposed to be about sales, voters likely feel more inclined to award a song if it was culturally relevant. Plus, Ronson and Mars were both Grammy favorites even before this win: Ronson won multiple Grammys for his work with Winehouse, and Mars had previously won twice for his own work (to date he has won 15). So ultimately, "Uptown Funk" was a joint from two highly respected Grammy winners with a throwback sound, and it was the most popular of the year with one of the most impressive chart runs ever. Sounds tailor-made for Grammy success.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media