If anyone can traverse the globe in one night, it's Miss Taylor Alison Swift. 
Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images
 When the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the Baltimore Ravens to earn a spot in the 2024 Super Bowl in Las Vegas, Nevada (and Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce had some very major PDA on the field as the confetti fluttered down), Swifties everywhere immediately wondered whether or not the victory meant the superstar singer would be making an appearance with her beau at the big game.

 While Swift hasn't confirmed that she'll be up in the bleachers to cheer on her boyfriend, fans have surmised that she can make it, even though she's booked and busy with the next leg of her Eras Tour. The next stops in Swift's tour are in Tokyo, Japan. Leading up to Super Bowl LVIII, her very last show in the Japanese capital falls on Feb. 10. The Super Bowl is on Feb. 11, but just because she'll be across the ocean doesn't mean she'll be MIA.

 Drew Barrymore did the math and concluded that Swift could, indeed, sing her greatest hits and still make it to Sin City. "If she left Tokyo at midnight ... the flight time is 11 hours and 35 minutes approximately from Tokyo to Vegas, so she might arrive at 10:30 p.m., but on February 10, leaving her a full night’s sleep," Barrymore said during an episode of The Drew Barrymore Show in November 2023. Add the fact that Swift has access to a private jet, just about anything is possible.

 The Athletic even outlined every route Swift could take. "The 17-hour time difference works in her favor and means Swift could get to Las Vegas with plenty of time to spare," the outlet noted.

 It continued, saying that doors open at 4 p.m. local time for her Tokyo concerts. With a show that lasts about three-and-a-half hours, that means the final bow takes place at 9:30 p.m. Tokyo time. Haneda Airport is just 30 minutes away, so she could be up in the air as soon as 10:30 p.m. accounting for check-ins and other possible delays.

Patrick Smith/Getty Images
 According to Business Insider, Swift has two multimillion-dollar private jets — a Dassault Falcon 7X and a Dassault Falcon 900 — that were used heavily for her U.S. tour dates, so she's not shy about getting in her planes and making the most out of them. The outlet also adds that there could be one minor snag in what may be Swift's master plan: there are "no slots available to land in Las Vegas during Super Bowl weekend."

 “I have four clients who wanted to fly in for the Super Bowl and we had to cancel their trips because nobody is able to get the proper times to land in Las Vegas,” an insider said. "The way that I got it explained by operators is that (they) don’t have any more availability at any of the Las Vegas airports that can receive a jet, whether it’s private or whether it’s commercial. When I say commercial, that’s someone renting an airplane to fly."

 The only way that Swift could nab herself a spot in the schedule is to have booked it months ago — and it goes without saying that if anyone can make something like this happen, it's her.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)