Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s viral field kiss following the Kansas City Chiefs’ win at the AFC Championship gave the world more than a dramatic instance of PDA. Swift and Kelce also ended up revealing new nicknames for each other on camera. Their conversation could be heard in some shots of the kiss footage. In particular, Kelce was heard  saying to Swift, “What’s up, sweetie?” (He previously revealed before that another nickname he uses for her is Tay.)
Swift appears to discuss where her seat was in the stadium. “It was the best view ever,” she seemingly told Kelce. “It was insane. I can’t believe it [the Chiefs’ win].”
Fans noticed that Swift wore a custom Wove diamond tennis bracelet with “TNT” on it, a couple portmanteau for them given their two T names. Swift was also heard calling Kelce “Trav” at a previous game.
While Swift is performing in Tokyo on her Eras tour the day before the Super Bowl, she should be able to easily make the Las Vegas game due to the time difference. 
Swift and Kelce have been dating since July. A source spoke to Entertainment Tonight last week about where the couple stands on their long-term plans. 
“Taylor and Travis are doing really well,” the source said. “They try to spend as much time as they can together. Travis also makes it a point to make sure Taylor feels as comfortable as possible at his home. They have discussed their future as a couple and are excited at the idea of it.”
In addition to the Super Bowl, “right now, Travis is focused on Valentine’s Day and wants to do something fun and special for Taylor,” the source said.
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.