The pop star's friends shared photos of their AFC Championship celebrations at M&T Bank Stadium.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Taylor Swift seemed to have an enchanted time at the AFC Championship game Sunday (Jan. 28), where boyfriend Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs earned their place at this year’s Super Bowl by triumphing over the Baltimore Ravens.

	In a slew of photos shared to Instagram Stories by the pop star’s close friend Keleigh Sperry, Swift parties with a large group of friends and fellow Chiefs fans in her box suite at M&T Bank Stadium in Maryland. In one snap, the “Anti-Hero” singer — wearing a bright red sweater, matching lipstick, black tights and boots — wraps Sperry and Cara Delevingne in a hug next to Kylie Kelce, who is married to Travis’ brother and Eagles center Jason Kelce.

	










	In another picture, Swift models a “KC Conference Champions” cap while once again hugging Sperry, who is married to Top Gun: Maverick star Miles Teller. The model-actress, who earlier this month attended the Golden Globes as Swift’s date, also shared a behind-the-scenes photo of the pop star grinning and pumping her fist next to Travis’ parents, Ed and Donna Kelce, Jason, and Brittany Mahomes, who is married to Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes.

	Sperry also shared a picture of just her with Kylie, which she captioned, “My girl.”

	Swift and her A-list group of friends have become a mainstay at Chiefs games since the 12-time Grammy winner started dating Travis last year. Fans are hopeful she’ll round out the NFL season by attending the Super Bowl Feb. 11, although she’ll likely be cutting it close to make it to Las Vegas in time; the “Karma” musician is set to perform an Eras Tour show in Tokyo the day before, meaning she’ll have to catch a flight quickly after the concert is over.

	The AFC Championship did, however, mark a first in Swift’s game-day appearances. Instead of keeping to her box and the stadium’s private hallways after the game concluded, she joined Travis down on the field to help celebrate Kansas City’s victory, kissing the tight end several times on camera. She also stuck around to watch No. 87 give a speech to Chiefs Kingdom, during which he proclaimed: “You gotta fight for your right to party!”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.