This diamond’s gotta shine.
Travis Kelce’s Kansas City Chiefs may be looking to nab another Super Bowl ring, but the tight end already secured his girlfriend, Taylor Swift, her own sparkling memento.
The pop star, 34, wore a relatively low-key red-and-black outfit to watch the football team defeat the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship game Sunday, but she came to the game decked out in meaningful jewelry.
One of the “Bejeweled” singer’s most sparkling and sentimental pieces? A friendship bracelet that spelled out “TNT” — an explosive play on Travis and Taylor’s initials — and featured more than 4 carats of diamonds. 
The custom piece is part of Wove’s collaboration with professional golfer Michelle Wie West, and a version with three letters like Swift’s retails for $6,360.
“As much as we would like to take credit for the TNT nickname, that was all Travis,” Wove lead designer Kendall Junck revealed in a TikTok video.
A post shared by Wove | Custom Engagement Rings, Wedding Bands, & Fine Jewelry (@wove_made)
She also confirmed that she crafted two matching bracelets, with the daintier belonging to Swift and a chunkier version made for the 6-foot-5 footballer, though it’s unclear if he’s worn it out in public.
What’s more, Junck’s sister confirmed that Kelce, 34, bought his lover the special piece as a gift.
For more Page Six Style ..
“It just feels so full circle because Travis and Taylor started dating because of a friendship bracelet … and they’re a Pennsylvania company, which is Taylor’s home state,” the proud sibling shared on TikTok.
The couple met in July when Kelce attended one of her Eras Tour concerts in Los Angeles; he later revealed that he attempted to slip the Grammy winner his phone number on a beaded bracelet, in reference to the lyrics from her song, “You’re On Your Own, Kid.”
On Sunday, Swift layered on plenty more notable jewels, including an EB & Co. ring ($14) featuring a tiny replica of Kelce’s jersey with an “87” on it, a garnet Mejuri ring ($598) and a sold-out Wear by Erin Andrews x BaubleBar Chiefs necklace ($44).
She further cemented her dedication to the Pro Bowler with Wwake earrings ($2,830) that feature opals — which, naturally, happen to be the “New Heights” podcaster’s birthstone.
The blond beauty has worn plenty of other significant jewelry throughout the NFL season, including other friendship bracelets featuring her beau’s name and jersey number; Kelce, meanwhile, sported one that spelled out with “Vigilante S—t,” the title of one of Swift’s songs.
As the Kansas City Chiefs prepare to face off against the San Francisco 49ers on Feb. 11 for the big game, there’s no doubt Swifties’ eyes will be glued to the star’s glittering accessories on the sidelines.
Advertisement