Here's a breakdown of whether Taylor Swift can make it to Las Vegas in time for the Super Bowl after performing in Tokyo less than 24 hours before kickoff
Mat Hayward/TAS23/Getty, Kathryn Riley/Getty
 Taylor Swift might soon double as a pop superstar and time traveler.

 Following the Kansas City Chiefs' victory against the Baltimore Ravens on Jan. 28, fans are speculating whether the Grammy-winning artist will head to Las Vegas to cheer on her boyfriend Travis Kelce and his team during Super Bowl 2024.

 Swift's attendance wouldn't come as a surprise, having already attended 12 games since September 2023 — however, an appearance at the Big Game would mark an incredible feat for the touring singer, as she would have to travel from her show in Tokyo to make it in time for kickoff within 24 hours.

 Traveling overseas, though, is no impossible task for the couple with respectively busy work schedules. Kelce proved that to be true in November 2023 when he flew to Argentina to support Swift at the Buenos Aires stop of her Eras Tour.

 Swift, too, has jetted around the country to be there for Kelce at games between shows. The last string of games have worked in favor of the hitmaker's schedule amid her break from tour — but now, travel logistics get a little more complicated as her Eras Tour picks back up in Japan.

 An appearance from Swift at the Super Bowl in February would come on the heels of her presence at the game that secured the Chiefs a consecutive AFC championship title. The singer joined Kelce on the field for the first time after the game, celebrating his win with a kiss.

 Read on for a breakdown of Taylor Swift's Eras Tour schedule, detailing whether or not she can make it to Las Vegas for the Super Bowl in time for the championship game.

 Tim Warner/Getty Images
 The Kansas City Chiefs will take on the San Fransisco 49ers at Super Bowl 2024 on Sunday, Feb. 11, in Las Vegas, Nevada. For the first time ever, the Big Game will be held at Allegiant Stadium, a newer venue right off the famed Las Vegas Strip that opened in 2020.

 Swift's Eras Tour resumes on Feb. 7, marking the start of a six-month run across Asia, Australia and Europe before returning to North America on Oct. 18 to finish her final 15 shows.

John Shearer/Getty
 Swift doesn't have a concert the day of Super Bowl LVIII on Feb. 11. However, she does have a show less than 24 hours before kickoff in Tokyo, Japan on Feb. 10.

Rob Carr/Getty
 Despite the 12+ hour flight from Asia to North America, Swift has time zones on her side, which could allow her to make it to Super Bowl LVIII in time to cheer on Kelce and the Chiefs at the game.

 "Let me introduce you to something called the international date line," NFL Network's Ian Rapoport wrote in a post on X (formerly Twitter) on Jan. 28, breaking down the singer's travel logistics.

 The international date line is a globally-used imaginary line that extends between the North Pole to the South Pole. It serves as a boundary that separates two consecutive calendar dates around the world.

 Swift's concert is scheduled for 6 p.m. local time in Tokyo, which equates to 1 a.m. Las Vegas time. Tokyo is 17 hours ahead of Las Vegas; therefore, Swift will save herself time traveling from the show to the game.

 "Let's say it's a five-hour concert, ends about 11 p.m. local, which is 6 a.m. Saturday in Las Vegas," Rapoport continued to explain on X. "Figure a 12-hour flight, maybe she leaves about an hour later, Taylor Swift could still get to the Super Bowl, to Vegas, about 7 or 8 p.m. Saturday night — just in time to party."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)