White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre couldn’t stop laughing as CNN anchor John Berman quizzed her about a possible team-up between pop superstar Taylor Swift and President Joe Biden.
Hot on the heels of the news that President Biden maybe-probably-DEFINITELY rigged the Super Bowl in order to engineer a Swift-Travis Kelce Uber-endorsement and a New York Times article exploring the power nexus between the leader of the free world and the president, the White House is trying suspiciously hard to laugh off the whole thing.
On Monday’s edition of CNN News Central, Berman got Jean-Pierre laughing halfway through his Swift-centric question, and she never really recovered:
JOHN BERMAN: With your permission. The New York Times wrote a long article today about the president’s reelection campaign, and I counted four paragraphs inside that article about efforts to get Taylor Swift involved in the president’s reelection. (laughter) I said, with your permission and forgiveness here!
One sentence said, one idea that’s been tossed around a bit in jest, sending the president to a stop on Swift’s Eras tour. (laughter)
So what would Swift’s support give the president? Any plans? Any plans to go on tour?
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE: So let me first say I got to be really mindful. I’m a federal employee. As you know, there’s something called the Hatch Act, so certainly cannot speak to anything that is related to 2024 an upcoming election. So going to be super, super mindful obviously.
There are a lot of I know, in my shop in the press office shop, there are a lot of Swifties. If you were, if you will, fans of Taylor Swift. And so I’m just going to leave it there. I’m not going (laughs).
I’m not going to get into the president’s schedule at all from here. As it relates to the 2024 elections.
JOHN BERMAN: The first time the Hatch Act has been invoked in regards to Taylor Swift. (laughter) Karine Jean-Pierre, thank you for your time. Appreciate it.
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE: Thanks, John. I appreciate it.
Watch above via CNN News Central.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.