By Author Kay Rhodes


Published: Feb 04, 2024 at 8:02 PM • Updated: Feb 04, 2024 at 10:16 PM • Category Grammy Awards 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
Taylor Swift arrived to the 2024 Grammys looking lovely, lavish, and a bit lonely, tbh.
Travis and Taylor are the moment. They are arguably the biggest celebrity couple of 2023, and making sure 2024 turns out to be the same. 
Taylor has been at every single one of Travis’ games as of late, and if our math is correct, it’s very likely she’ll be at the Super Bowl in two weeks.
But on Grammy night, Taylor flew solo. 
As hard as it is to hear, it’s very likely Travis won’t be on Taylor’s arm for the Grammys.
I know, I know. First the Golden Globes, now this? What gives, Kelce?
Well, what gives is the man’s very demanding career. It just so happens that the NFL post season really conflicts with award show season!
So, Taylor hit the red carpet all by her lonesome – and looked damn fantastic while doing it!
Taylor arrived looking all kind of glamor in a full-length white corset dress.
Yes, Swifties, I said she wore WHITE! While you all continue to freak out on Twitter/X, I’ll continue.
She paired the dress with full-length black gloves and a neck full of bling. One of her chokers was a watch.
Which begs the question – WHAT TIME IS IT, TAY TAY? BIG REPUTATION TIME?
But back on topic.
As it turns out, Travis was booked on Sunday, Feb. 4, the night of the Grammys. Aside for training for the Super Bowl the weekend after, Travis is expected to attend the 2024 Pro Bowl Games at Camping World Stadium in Orlando, Florida, on the same day.
Now, while Las Vegas would be a hop, skip, jump to LA – aka, where the Grammys are being held — it would be nearly impossible to get to the West Coast in time for the show after the game. 
Travis was picked for the fan favorite flag football game and will once again face off with his Jason Kelce, as he is part of this year’s NFC Pro Bowl team.
HOWEVER….
The thing is, players say yes to this game before anyone knows who is headed to the Super Bowl.
Now, historically, players can bow out gracefully from the event with the understanding that they will be too busy prepping and practicing for the Bowl to participate. 
Therefore, there’s still a chance that Travis could make it to support Taylor. It would mean navigating his practice schedule, and making a very quick flight, but it’s not impossible. 
However, new sources have come forward to suggest that his training schedule for the Super Bowl would be too strict to allow for him to steal away for Taylor’s big night.
And it is set to be a HUGE night for Taylor!
Just like the AFC Championship game was as big deal for Travis, the Grammys could prove to be a monumental evening for Taylor.
Everyone’s favorite singer-songwriter is up for six nominations. She’s nominated for Album of the Year for Midnights.
She has already won Album of the Year three times previously, for Fearless, 1989, and Folklore.
If she wins for Midnights, she would become the first artist in Grammys history to win the honor 4 times. 
 Along with the Album of the Year nom, she’s also nominated for  Best Pop Vocal Album for Midnights, along with Song of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance for “Anti-Hero.” 
She also has a nomination for her song “Karma” with Ice Spice for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.
Sadly, while it’s meant to be a big night for Tay Tay, fans shouldn’t expect her to be hitting the stage during the show.
While there were rumors that she would be joining SZA on stage for an explosive performances, sources who have spoken to ET say she will not be performing. 
Fine, we’ll settle for Taylor making history and Travis showing up, even if it’s just to hit the after parties with her. 
That’ll do. 
Why Jason Kelce Won’t Be At The Grammys, But Travis Might
[WATCH] Tracy Chapman & Luke Coombs Perform ‘Fast Car’ Together For 1st …