Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The wonderful thing about love — well, one of the many beautiful things about it — is how it has persisted over time, continuing to be a profound part of human existence. Each experience of love is beautiful and unique to the individual, but the emotions are universal. Love quotes are a remarkable example of this, and provide a way to show the enduring nature your love.
Think about that remarkable woman in your life. There are so many  love quotes for her that you can use to express how she makes you feel. There are love quotes for her from movies, like the iconic line in “When Harry Met Sally,” delivered by Harry Burns: “When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.”
Love songs have long been a way to tell someone how you feel, whether through a mixtape or playlist. Take this line in “Lovesong” by The Cure: “Whenever I’m alone with you, You make me feel like I am home again.” It hits you right in the feels, doesn’t it? 
Alas, there are seemingly endless love quotes to help you explore the power and beauty of your relationship. Below, we’ve rounded up some of the best love quotes for her from books, songs, movies and everyday life. 
Experience
Sarah Fielding is an acclaimed journalist covering a range of topics with a focus on social issues, mental health, tech, careers, sex and relationships, health, and wellness. Her writing has appeared in over 40 publications, including TODAY, Engadget, Business Insider, The Washington Post, The New York Times, Fortune, The Guardian, and Healthline. Her work spans from compelling, reported features on barriers LGBTQ+ voters face and the impact of PTSD on women to fascinating explainers about why we dream and how professional rejections can spark joy. Through her work, she hopes to break down barriers, create an inclusive and understanding space, and educate readers.
Sarah also works as a copywriter, creating engaging content for clients’ social media accounts with a reach of over 275,000 people. Plus, she is also the co-founder of Empire Coven, a space dedicated to highlighting trailblazing women and their businesses across the United States.
Education
Sarah holds an MS in Global Mental Health and Society from the University of Edinburgh, where she researched how mental health education for young people can impact rates of intimate partner violence. She also has a BS in International Fashion Business Management with a minor in Italian from the Fashion Institute of Technology.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.