Manage your account
Is Travis Kelce the best-dressed player in the NFL? It’s up to you to decide.
On Monday, GQ Sports launched its annual competition to crown the “Most Stylish Player in the NFL.” The public will cast votes this week in a contest set up like a March Madness bracket, losers eliminated each round.
The nominees are 32 of the NFL’s “strongest fit connoisseurs,” one from each team, GQ Sports wrote on Instagram, where the voting takes place.
Kelce made it to the final four last year before losing to Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver DeVonta Smith, who eventually won the title. And then a few days later the Chiefs beat the Eagles in the Super Bowl. Smith has this year off from the competition, GQ wrote.
A few cheeky commenters nominated Kelce’s brother, Jason Kelce, for the title. You know, the shirtless guy.
Travis Kelce represents a team that has a deep bench when it comes to style, something the world got to see close-up last year.
Winning the Super Bowl pushed the Chiefs to new heights in their fit game. They walked a red carpet at Union Station before they received their champions’ rings. They visited the White House to celebrate.
Quarterback Patrick Mahomes walked several red carpets with his wife, Brittany Mahomes — at the prestigious Met Gala in New York, the Kentucky Derby and the ESPY Awards.
So many Chiefs could have been nominated.
Isaiah Pacheco — always two steps ahead of trends.
Certainly Mahomes in his custom suits.
Just take a look at their arrival fits in Baltimore on Sunday.
Kelce’s clothes have earned unprecedented scrutiny this year because of his romance with singer Taylor Swift. Fashion magazines are watching. So are Swift’s legions of fans who now look for clues to their relationship and her future projects in his clothing.
The Instagram account Style By Kelce details and sources his most notable fits.
In the first round of voting, Kelce goes head-to-head with Cleveland Browns linebacker Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah.
To vote, go to GQ Sports Stories on Instagram. (Click on the logo at the top of the page.)
Here’s what the brackets look like.