E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 3:00pm, please email obits@timesherald.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@timesherald.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
On Saturday the Daily Local published a front-page story about the world’s most famous groundhog, the weather prognosticating Punxsutawney Phil, accompanied by a larger-than-life close-up photograph of Gobbler’s Knob’s most famous resident. The article went on to describe an ongoing feud between the Punxsutawney Ground Hog Club’s Inner Circle and the animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). The PETA folks contended that Phil has no valid meteorological credentials, should no longer be exploited, and should be sent out to pasture in retirement. PETA asserted that Phil’s often faulty prognostications could just as easily be replaced with a simple coin flip that would prove just as accurate in predicting how many more weeks of winter might lie ahead. To nobody’s surprise, the folks in Punxsutawney are not inclined to heed PETA’s advice.
But the story got me to thinking about my own histories with Punxsutawney Phil, PETA, and groundhogs in general. Many years ago, I discovered the dark side of Punxsutawney Phil when the pugnacious varmint assaulted a fellow outdoor writer during a Punxsutawney Phil meet and greet event held at the annual conference of the Pennsylvania Outdoor Writers Association (POWA) held in Dubois that year. Phil’s handlers had cautioned the writers in attendance to prudently approach Phil from the back or side during a photo session and not to confront him head-on since it might trigger a defensive reaction.
But a pair of writers – Harry Guyer of Bedford County and John Swinton, an English professor at Penn State – arrived late to the event and didn’t get the memo. When Guyer asked Swinton to pose with Phil for a photograph, Swinton made the mistake of approaching Phil directly from the front. Then, when Swinton reached out to pet the pride of Punxsutawney, Phil instinctively leaped out and sunk his ample teeth deep into the fleshy part of Swinton’s hand between his thumb and index finger. The immediate result was blood, pain, and groundhog chaos.
After Phil’s handlers extracted the belligerent little beast from Swinton’s hand, the kindly college professor was rushed to a nearby hospital to have his wounds treated. When asked if he could produce the body of the animal that had bitten him, the quick-witted Swinton famously replied. “No, but I do know his address.” When the doctors and nurses on hand learned that the bite had been courtesy of Punxsutawney Phil himself, Swinton’s celebrity among the hospital staff soared. Full disclosure – I did not witness the incident first hand and only found out about the attack when Swinton showed up at our banquet table later that evening with his hand heavily bandaged. And as far as I know, no charges were ever filed against Phil or his handlers.
At least Swinton, a clever humorist who often wrote under the pseudonym of Burdock Teasel, garnered plenty of material from his fateful encounter with Punxsutawney Phil, a story that he would retell and embellish into many future columns. Best of all, he only had to live through that painfully traumatic episode one time. That distinguished him from the character played by Bill Murray in the classic 1993 movie Groundhog Day, considered by many to be one of the greatest comedies of all time. In that film Murray plays a cynical weatherman named Phil Conners who grudgingly visits Gobbler’s Knob on assignment to cover the storied February 2 festivities. Arriving at Gobbler’s Knob, Conners somehow gets caught in a time loop which forces him to live the same day – Groundhog Day – over and over again set to the alarmingly dulcet tones of Sonny and Cher’s “I Got You Babe.” Crowds flock to Gobbler’s Knob in the wee hours of the morning to celebrate the occasion while attending the world’s strangest tailgate party until Punxsutawney Phil finally emerges with his prediction at 7:30 a.m. The popular film put the event and the town in a worldwide spotlight as Punxsutawney Phil’s celebrity skyrocketed almost into stratospheric Taylor Swift territory. Incidentally, my immediate family always partied on Groundhog Day because February 2 also happens to be my younger brother Dan’s birthday. By all accounts, however, he did not see his shadow when he first emerged here.
Aside from my exposure to Punxsutawney Phil’s dark side, my own groundhog encounters reach back to my early childhood, a time when kids often ask that enigmatic hypothetical question: How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? Then, in the summer after fourth grade, I came face to face with an actual groundhog (aka woodchuck) after bugging my grandmother to purchase the Havahart Trap I spied in the pages of her Sears and Roebuck catalogue. I set the trap out in the meadow that bordered my grandparents’ house and baited it with fresh sliced apples.
When I checked it a few hours later, there he was – a fat groundhog that looked enormous to my eight-year-old eyes. I lugged him back to the house to show off to my grandparents before finally releasing him safely back into the wild. That was the first critter I ever caught in that live trap, soon to be followed by a host of others including squirrels, opossums, chipmunks, raccoons, rabbits, a box turtle or two, and, of course, more groundhogs
Then, many years later when head of the English Department at Kennett High School, I taught Advanced Placement English to my senior classes where one of the poems they analyzed in preparing to take the AP English test was “The Groundhog,” Richard Eberhart’s most famous poem first published in 1934. The poem’s central focus is on death and the fragility of life, initiated when the narrator comes across the body of a dead groundhog and proclaims “In June, amid the golden fields, I saw a groundhog lying dead. Dead lay he; my senses shook, and mind outshot our naked frailty.”
The shaken narrator returns to the site three more times in the course of the next few years, chronicling the steady deterioration of the animal’s body until, at last “It has been three years, now. There is no sign of the groundhog. I stood there in the whirling summer. My hand capped a withered heart, and thought of China and of Greece, of Alexander in his tent; Of Montaigne in his tower, Of Saint Theresa in her wild lament.” I always encouraged my students to appreciate how Eberhart so seamlessly related the decay of one unfortunate rodent to the precariousness of human existence and the tenuousness of human civilization in general.
Which brings me to my long-ago dust up with the folks at PETA. That happened back in the late eighties in the early years of my writing this column for the Daily Local. Back in the day the paper ran a PETA inspired story critical of the Brandywine Trout and Conservation Club’s (BTCC) trout rodeo, saying it was cruel not only to the fish but also to any earthworms that might be impaled as bait. The folks at the BTCC were not pleased that the paper had run the story. In response, I was inspired to publish a satirical column at PETA’s expense, making fun of them, for example, for prioritizing the animals they supported, defending trout and earthworms but squashing countless insects on their windshields and plenty of other little critters beneath their tires on the way to their meetings and rallies. Apparently, the PETA folks could find no humor in that column because a few days later the Daily Local’s editorial page featured at least four letters to the editor from the PETA people where my name appeared in vain at least a dozen times as they blasted my column. I must say that I was impressed by their commitment to their cause and had to admire their tenacity in defending it. I had learned my lesson: don’t mess with PETA and I stopped picking on them once and for all…at least until today.
Tom Tatum is the outdoors columnist for the MediaNews Group. You can reach him at tatumt2@yahoo.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group