A 2001 episode clues us in on how Swift can book it from Tokyo to Las Vegas to cheer on her boyfriend Travis Kelce.
 For Taylor Swift fans, a big question arose Sunday when her boyfriend Travis Kelce's football team, the Kansas City Chiefs, advanced to the Super Bowl: Namely, will the pop superstar be able to make it to the big game in time, given that she has a concert in Japan the night before?

 Fortunately, a 23-year-old scene from The West Wing (which you can watch below) explains how Swift will be able to fly from her Eras Tour concert in Tokyo on Feb. 10 with enough time to make it to Las Vegas on Feb. 11 for the 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT kickoff.

 As pointed out by social media user Rohita Kadambi, a 2001 West Wing episode finds Josh Lyman (Bradley Whitford), C. J. Cregg (Allison Janney), Toby Ziegler (Richard Schiff) and Sam Seaborn (Rob Lowe) discussing the logistics of a flight traveling from Tokyo to the U.S.

Patrick Smith/Getty; NBCU Photo Bank
 The clip explains how time changes and the International Date Line, which serves as the boundary between one calendar day to the next, will be in their favor — as will be the case for Swift. The date will decrease by one day as Swift travels east over the IDL, and therefore she'll be able to hop on a private jet after her concert in Tokyo and make it back in time to don her red at Allegiant Stadium.

 In other words, she should be out of the woods.

 Swift began attending Chiefs games in September, and the internet has been in a frenzy watching her cheer on Kelce and seeing her unveil her super-chic Chiefs wardrobe. Swift finally confirmed the romance rumors during a concert in November, changing the lyrics in her song "Karma" to reference "the guy on the Chiefs" coming straight home to her.

 So now that we know it's possible for Swift to attend Super Bowl LVIII, there's just one more question: When will she headline a Super Bowl halftime show?

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)