By ISABELLE STANLEY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:39, 29 January 2024   |  Updated:  19:39, 29 January 2024   
 29
View  comments
A breakthrough in the search for legendary aviator Amelia Earhart's missing plane may finally answer questions surrounding her mysterious disappearance. 
The record-breaking pilot was the first woman to fly a solo nonstop transatlantic flight, fly solo nonstop across America and won the Distinguished Flying Cross.
She was internationally beloved, appearing on magazine covers, starting a practical fashion line and campaigning for women's rights. 
But at the height of her fame, she disappeared without a trace on the return leg of her round the world flight over the Pacific Ocean in 1937.
Earhart, her navigator Fred Noonan and her plane were never found, and after the biggest search ever deployed at that time, they were declared lost at sea.
Since then numerous explorers and investigators have picked up the trail and over the years there have been countless false alarms and conspiracy theories over sightings and the discovery of remains.
But now a South Carolina man believes he may have discovered the plane Earhart was flying when she vanished.
Here is the full story of Earhart's disappearance and the recent breakthrough in one of the world's greatest mysteries. 
Earhart was born in Atchison, Kansas on July 24 1897. 
Her father was a railroad lawyer but later suffered with alcoholism and the family often struggled for money. 
They moved often, but Earhart completed high school and then started at the Ogontz School in Pennsylvania. 
She left junior college early to become a nurse's aide in Toronto after visiting her sister in Canada and deciding to care for soldiers wounded in World War I. 
Amelia Earhart and her Lockheed 10-E Electra vanished at the height of her fame
Earhart's disappearance is a mystery that has spawned decades of searches and conspiracy theories
A young Earhart with her cousin in Kansas City
After the war, she started a premed program at Columbia but quit when her parents insisted she move back home to live with them in California. 
That was where she took her first flight in 1920, as a passenger with veteran flyer Frank Hawks. 
She was immediately entranced, saying once: 'As soon as I left the ground, I knew I myself had to fly.' 
She started lessons - paying for them through her work as a telephone company clerk - and then bought her own plane in 1921, a Kinner Airster. 
Earhart set her first record just two years after she flew for the first time and before she even had her official pilot's license. 
In 1922, she became the first woman to fly at 14,000 feet. 
Then in 1928, promoters started looking for a woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean and chose Earhart. 
As a passenger on Wilmer Stultz and Louis Gordon's plane, she flew from Newfoundland to Wales and became a celebrity over night. 
Earhart was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean in 1932
 On June 1, 1937, Earhart and navigator Fred Noonan left Miami, Florida, on an around-the-world flight. They disappeared after a stop in Lae, New Guinea, on June 29, 1937, with only 7,000 miles of the trip left
Earhart was attempting to set another record after her successful transatlantic solo flight in 1932
She wrote a book about the adventure and went on a lecture tour across the US. 
Then in 1932, flying her red Lockheed Vega 5B, she became the first woman - and second person ever - to fly solo nonstop across the Atlantic. 
The flight took 15 hours and she battled tiredness, cold and mechanical issues that nearly ended her flight in disaster as she plummeted 3,000ft on her descent and was forced to carry out an emergency landing in Northern Ireland. 
It didn't put her off and later that year she became the first woman to fly solo nonstop across America in 19 hours and 5 minutes. 
On May 21, 1937, Earhart set off to attempt her most ambitious record yet: to become the first woman to fly around the world. 
She set off in her Lockheed Electra on June 1 from Oakland California, with her navigator, Fred Noonan, to begin their 29,000 mile circumnavigation of the globe. 
By the end of the month they had traveled 22,000 miles and made in to Lae, New Guinea. 
On July 2, they set off on a 2,600 mile flight to their next refueling stop on the tiny 2-mile by 1-mile Howland Island, in the Pacific Ocean. 
They were supposed to meet a US Coast Guard cutter, Itasca, near Howland and there were two other brightly lit ships along the way to mark the route. 
Experts are not ready to definitively call the find and have requested clearer images with details such as a serial number that matches Earhart's plane
June 26, 1928: Earhart poses with flowers as she arrives in Southampton, England, after her transatlantic flight on the 'Friendship' from Burry Point, Wales
Given its size they knew the island would be hard to find, but the Itasca was meant to guide them in and there were plans in place to send a smoke signal for them to spot when they were nearby. 
At first, the flight went smoothly, conditions were good and Earhart sent radio messages to the Itasca marking their position and course. 
At 6.45am the plane reported its position as 100 miles out from the island and at 7.42am they said they were over the island but had not yet sighted land with gas running low. 
At 7.58am the plane said they were circling and searching for the island and requested bearings.
In the last in-flight radio message heard by Itasca, Earhart said: 'We are on the line 157 337 …. We are running on line north and south.'
The numbers 157 and 337 referred to compass headings – 157° and 337° – and described a line passing through their intended destination, Howland Island.
Earhart was flying a Lockheed Model 10 Electra with navigator Fred Noonan (right) when their plane vanished near Howland Island 
But Earhart never made two-way voice or telegraph contact with the ship as the crew believed they knew Morse code and they didn't. 
Some reports say she never received the Itasca's transmissions. 
When there was no sign of the plane at the island by 10.40am, the Itasca's crew assumed they had gone down and began searching for her. 
They didn't find a trace of the plane or Earhart. 
Given the visibility and weather conditions, they assumed that the plane had missed the smokescreen and had passed North of Howland by some 200 miles. 
For the next two weeks ships and planes continued to search to no avail. 
Before her a previous flight, Earhart had written a farewell note to her sister reading: 'I have tried to play for a large stake and if I succeed all will be well. If I don’t I shall be happy to pop off in the midst of such an adventure.' 
Over the decades, Earhart's disappearance has mystified historians, scientists and fans. 
Expeditions were launched in search of her plane in 1999, 2002, 2006, 2009 and 2017 and collectively cost at least $13 million when adjusted for inflation, The Wall Street Journal estimated. 
'It's the only thing in my career that I've ever looked for and not found,' said Tom Dettweiler, a sonar expert who participated in two of the searches and was part of the team that found the Titanic off the coast of Newfoundland, Canada, in 1985.
Earhart was officially declared dead in 1939 and the US government concluded she crashed in the Pacific Ocean and her plane sank.  
But with a lack of concrete answers, conspiracy theories have abounded. 
Earhart was flying a Lockheed Model 10 Electra when the plane vanished on July 2, 1937. In the last in-flight radio message heard by Itasca, Earhart said: 'We are on the line 157 337 …. We are running on line north and south.' The numbers 157 and 337 refer to compass headings – 157° and 337° – and describe a line that passes through the intended destination, Howland Island.
It's generally agreed that the wreckage lies beneath the waves near Nikumaroro island (pictured), around 350 miles southeast of Howland Island, the planned destination
Some believe Earhart and her navigator were captured by the Japanese and held as prisoners until they died in captivity. 
In 2009, giving no evidence, Earhart's fourth cousin Wally Earhart told the Nevada Appeal he believed the plane 'did crash into the Pacific, but instead of dying, the pair was rescued by a nearby Japanese fishing trawler.'
He added: 'Noonan was beheaded by the Japanese and Amelia soon died from dysentery and other ailments.'
Another theory suggests that Earhart was a spy who was captured by the Japanese but then returned home under a new identity. 
Irene Craigmile Bolam (pictured) denied the claim that she was Amelia Earhart and sued
Author W.C. Jameson claimed in Amelia Earhart: Beyond the Grave, that she had in fact been on a mission to photograph Japanese military ships in the Pacific when she was captured.
Jameson said she had then returned to the US where she lived under the name Irene Craigmile Bolam. 
But the real Bolan dismissed the book as 'a poorly documented hoax'. 
She filed a $1.5 million lawsuit and submitted an affidavit claiming the book to be untrue before it was pulled from the shelves. 
Bolam passed away in July 1982 at the age of 77, more than 43 years after Earhart was declared legally dead in January 1939. 
Another more recent theory suggested that Earhart crashed or made an emergency landing on an uninhabited Pacific Island, Nikomaroro, now Gardner Island. 
Theorists suggest that she lived as a castaway until her death at some time before 1940. 
Bones were found on the island in 1940, along with the remains of turtles and birds, that scientists later said could be consistent with a woman of Earhart's size. 
But the bones have never been verified and there are inconsistencies in the notes made by the doctor who analyzed the bones at the time. 
Experts recently detected code on an aluminium panel that was found washed up on Nikumaroro in 1991, which could be part of Earhart's missing plane.
Now, 87 years after her disappearance, a South Carolina man believes he may have found Earhart's plane. 
Former U.S. Air Force intelligence officer Tony Romeo sold his commercial property investments to fund his search and managed to take a sonar image of an aircraft-shaped object on the ocean floor in December.
'This is maybe the most exciting thing I'll ever do in my life,' Romeo told The Wall Street Journal.
'I feel like a 10-year-old going on a treasure hunt.'
'For her to go missing was just unthinkable,' Romeo said. 
Adding: 'Imagine Taylor Swift just disappearing today.'
Romeo spent $11 million to fund the trip and buy the high-tech gear needed for the search including an underwater 'Hugin' drone manufactured by the Norwegian company Kongsberg
Romeo, who sold his commercial property investments to fund his search, managed to take a sonar image of an aircraft-shaped object on the ocean floor in December
Romeo spent $11 million to fund the trip and buy the high-tech gear needed for the search including an underwater 'Hugin' drone manufactured by the Norwegian company Kongsberg. 
The expedition launched in early September from Tarawa, Kiribati, a port near Howland Island, with a 16-person crew aboard a research vessel.
In outings that lasted 36 hours each, the unmanned submersible scanned 5,200 square miles of ocean floor.
Eventually, around a month into the search, it had captured a fuzzy sonar image of an object the size and shape of an airplane resting some 5,000 meters underwater within 100 miles of Howland Island.
However, the image went unnoticed until the team found it when scanning the data, around 90 days into the trip.  
Romeo is now planning a return exhibition to get better images of the mysterious object.  
Some experts are intrigued by Romeo's discovery, including Dorothy Cochrane, a curator in the aeronautics department of the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum.
Cochrane told the Journal that the location of the sonar image roughly matches where experts have concluded Earhart may have crashed.
However, experts are not ready to definitively call the find and have requested clearer images with details such as a serial number that matches Earhart's plane.
'Until you physically take a look at this, there's no way to say for sure what that is,' Andrew Pietruszka, an underwater archaeologist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, told the Journal. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group