By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	All eyes were on Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift on Sunday night after the Kansas City Chiefs tight end led his team to victory against the Baltimore Ravens and clinched a spot in Feb. 11’s big game. Swift was on hand to celebrate the win, and was photographed embracing Kelce and his family on the field. But the star of the photos, aside from Swift’s magnetic red-hued smile and glittery nails, was her stunning Mejuri  ring that the singer has worn to numerous NFL games this season.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'North of North' Renewed for Season 2 at Netflix		
			








	The Mejuri Heirloom is a signature accessory in Swift’s closet. And considering her billionaire status, its sub-$600 price tag is not too hefty. 

	










			Popular on Variety		






	The signet-style ring is made out of 14k solid gold and inset with genuine mineral stones. Swift’s ring is inset with a Garnet gem to compliment her red-heavy closet and makeup, but the ring is also available in Honey Quartz, London Blue Topaz and Sky Blue Topaz.

	The female-led fine jewelry brand is a favorite amongst the celebrity crowd, with  bold-faced names such as Ariana Grande, Aubrey Plaza, Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez, Kate Hudson, Zendaya, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo and many more spotted in their classic pieces.

	Swift was also spotted wearing another affordable jewelry piece at Sunday night’s game: BaubleBar’s ‘Chiefs Necklace’ from the WEAR by Erin Andrews collection. The piece, which is still available on the BaubleBar website for only $44, is part of the brand’s exclusive NFL Collection. 

	Following the Chiefs’ win, Swifties are now wondering if it will be possible for the singer to make it to Super Bowl LVIII following her Eras Tour date in Tokyo on Feb. 10. Considering the time difference (and Swift’s private jet), she’ll most likely make it to Las Vegas’s Allegiant Stadium in time for the Big Game’s 3:30 p.m. kick off…if all goes according to plan.

	If you’re also looking to attend the game in person, check out the best way to buy tickets to Super Bowl LVIII here.
The Business of Entertainment