Swift collects five of the top 10 album titles on the latest Australian tally, including the No. 1 spot with "1989 (Taylor's Version)."

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Taylor Swift commands Australia’s albums chart, and hits double figures at the summit as 1989 (Taylor’s Version) knocks-up week 10 at No. 1.

1989 (Taylor’s Version) (via Universal) is by some distance the most successful of Swift’s re-recorded albums in these parts, ARIA notes. Her previous projects, Fearless (Taylor’s Version) and Red (Taylor’s Version), each spent one week in 2021, while Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) led for two weeks in 2023.

	Closing out the top three is the Weeknd’s 2021 career retrospective The Highlights (Universal), up 6-2, equaling its peak position, while Swift’s 2022 studio release Midnights holds at No. 3. Close behind is Morgan Wallen’s former leader One Thing At A Time (Mercury/Universal), gaining 12-4.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Baby Keem		
					






















	
		
					Casso		
					






















	
		
					D-Block Europe		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Swift, who brings her The Eras Tour to Sydney and Melbourne next month for seven stadium shows, produced by Frontier Touring, collects five of the top 10 album titles on the latest Australian tally. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	As Christmas recordings shuffle out of the main ARIA charts, published Friday, Jan. 5, Jack Harlow is one of the beneficiaries. The Louisville artist’s latest hit “Lovin On Me” (Atlantic/Warner) enjoys new life in the new year, up 7-1 for its seventh non-consecutive week leading the ARIA Singles Chart. 

	There are similar rebounds for Tate McRae’s “Greedy” (RCA/Sony), up 15-2, equaling its peak position, and Doja Cat’s “Paint The Town Red” (RCA/Sony), which ruled the national tally for 10 weeks last year and roars up the latest list, 21-3. 

	Also, Swift’s “Cruel Summer” heats up 24-4; “Prada” by Casso, Raye and D-Block Europe bounces 25-5 (Ministry of Sound/Sony); South African artist Tyla’s international breakthrough hit “Water” (Sony) flows 28-7, its equal best spot; and Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” (Universal) improves 26-6, for a new high.

	U.S. country star Zach Bryan is double trouble on the ARIA Singles Chart, with two songs in the top 10 — “I Remember Everything” featuring Kacey Musgraves (Universal/Warner), up 30-8, and “Something In The Orange” (Warner), up 36-10. In a sign of the strength of country music in the land Down Under, Wallen’s “Last Night” pounces 35-9.

	Finally, just one new release appears in the ARIA Top 40 this time around, English producer Fred Again and U.S. rapper Baby Keem’s “leavemealone” (Atlantic/Warner), new at No. 34. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.