In news that could only be viewed as a completely disappointing start to Black History Month this year, it’s recently been revealed that Taylor Swift — yes, that Taylor Swift — just got one of the biggest cultural thumbs up ever.
On Thursday, members of F.L.Y. (Fast Life Yungstaz), the rap group behind the song “Swag Surfin’”—the gargantuan hit of the Black community that invokes a communal oneness at a function like no other — gave Swift the greenlight to make her version of the popular song after seeing her engage in the dance in the stands at a recent Kansas City Chiefs game.
While she and her fellow friends looked like they were having a good time, the now viral clip inspired eye rolls from Black folks on X/Twitter who were tired of once again seeing something so culturally specific be co-opted by others outside of it.
Public disdain notwithstanding, members of F.L.Y. are excited about Swift’s surfin’ prowess and gave her an official cosign to remix the song as she sees fit.
 “My initial reaction to Taylor Swift swag surfin’ was ‘I thought it was dope,” member Mook Man told TMZ. “I automatically knew it was gon’ be a good look just because of who she is, you know what I’m saying , [and] what she got going on. Our streams across all platforms are up 700 percent. Our YouTube numbers done went up, we done gained 20,000 subscribers in like two weeks man. So like everything is up. It’s just been a dope thing to watch everything unfold so quickly.”
Fellow labelmate Easton, who was featured on the hit song, dubbed the potential new track “Swift Surf” and said the only way it could be pulled off would be if she rapped on the track herself and brought them out to perform the new song with her at her concerts.
“Shoutout to them Swifties,” he said.
“When it went viral it was like, ‘Taylor Swift? Shit is up.’ It’s like one of them moments you been waiting on,” said fellow member iMcfli. 
*deep, heavy, Negro spiritual sigh*
Get the bag, I guess, but I know the ancestors are rolling in their graves. “Swift Surfin’????” On this land????? In the year of our Lord 2024?? Not only is this an astoundingly bad idea, nobody—and I do mean nobody wants this. A gentrified Swag Surf??? I am legit lost for words.
 Let’s not do this, please. Taylor, if you truly love Black people, you’ll leave that song along. Just trust me on this girl, this idea? Just shake it off.