A.F. BRANCO | on February 2, 2024 | https://comicallyincorrect.com/a-f-branco-cartoon-shifty-swifty/
Rumor has it that Taylor Swift is going to team up with Biden to keep him in office despite how disastrous his administration has been for America. With her billions can’t feel the effects of Bidenomics.
By Jim Hᴏft Jan. 28, 2024 6:20 pm
A new poll suggests that pop icon Taylor Swift could hold sway over the 2024 presidential election. Despite this, the numbers reveal a more nuanced reality, with only a modest 18% of voters indicating they would be swayed by her endorsement. The survey, conducted by Redfield & Wilton Strategies for Newsweek, highlighted that while a segment of the electorate might lean towards a Swift-endorsed candidate, there’s another 17% that would be less likely to give their vote under the same circumstances.
However, the majority of voters, 55%, reported their voting decision would remain unaffected by Swift’s political preferences. The poll suggests Swift’s endorsement could particularly resonate with the younger demographic. Approximately 30% of Americans under 35 said they’d be influenced by Swift’s political opinion, while only 4% of those 65 and older felt the same. READ MORE
DONATE to A.F. Branco Cartoons – Tips accepted and appreciated – $1.00 – $5.00 – $25.00 – $50.00 – it all helps to fund this website and keep the cartoons coming. Also Venmo @AFBranco – THANK YOU!
A.F. Branco has taken his two greatest passions (art and politics) and translated them into cartoons that have been popular all over the country in various news outlets, including NewsMax, Fox News, MSNBC, CBS, ABC, and “The Washington Post.” He has been recognized by such personalities as Rep. Devin Nunes, Dinesh D’Souza, James Woods, Chris Salcedo, Sarah Palin, Larry Elder, Lars Larson, Rush Limbaugh, and President Trump.
Category:
Political
Leave a comment
Tagged with:
LifeNews.com Pro-Life News Report
The Beltway Judge Hearing Trump Cases and Her Anti-Trump, Anti-Kavanaugh Husband
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.


						Email Address:					
 






 
						Sign me up!					


Search:

Go!