THERE will be few tears shed over the departure of 2023. The escalating cost of living crisis has brought misery to families all over the country. The Tories’ continuing descent into scandal and cynicism has destroyed public trust in politics.


  The world watched helplessly as the Gaza tragedy unfolded into unbelievable horror. We cannot be sure this year will offer new hope and optimism but we do already know some of the political and cultural events which will play a part in shaping 2024. Here are just some.


  ALTHOUGH it’s technically possible for Rishi Sunak to remain in office beyond the end of this year it’s almost impossible to imagine.


  An election brings potential challenges for those of us who believe independence offers Scotland its best hope for the future, but it is generally accepted that it will at least end Tory rule at Westminster, which is certainly something to celebrate.


  Incompetence and corruption have been the bywords for the Conservative Party in recent years. A change of government will hardly change the fundamental unfairness and flaws of the Union but it does offer limited recalibration of policies.


  A Labour government will hardly herald a bright new dawn. Keir Starmer is far too cautious and reactionary to embrace significant economic or political change but even if the best thing that can be said about his party is that they are not the Tories, that offers at the very least a small crumb of comfort.


  The predicted narrative of the next UK election put forward by most of the mainstream media suggests a significant dent in the SNP’s fortunes but I’m not so sure that’s a certainty. The party certainly has its challenges but it’s premature to write off its chances of a recovery.


  Labour’s daft refusal to even countenance a softening of opposition to the independence option will still alienate SNP supporters considering a change in allegiance.


  There are precious few signs that those Scottish voters tempted to switch sides have any positive reasons for doing so beyond the desire to rid Westminster of a Tory majority. The Rutherglen and Hamilton West by-election Labour victory – constantly cited by Labour as evidence of a significant electoral revival – was achieved not by an increase in the Labour vote but by a collapse in SNP support.


  Yes, Humza Yousaf has a mountain of work to do before the poll. He needs to refresh his party’s approach, renew its vigour and its message and update its argument but he has the time to achieve this if he can summon the energy.


  WE lost the vote but let’s not diminish the achievements of those heady days. Inspiring campaigning by sections of the emerging Yes movement took support for independence to a level previously unimaginable. In doing so it galvanised and transformed political discussion all over the country.


  The debate was everywhere and involved every section of society. Young people – often difficult to persuade to become politically engaged – embraced the prospect of independence with passion and hope. Ten years later, support for indy remains astonishingly high among the young.


  Time has of course eroded the 2014 levels of political engagement. It could hardly have been otherwise. And there remain significant barriers to overcome – even to assert our right to have another vote on the issue. But polls show voter support for independence remains at around 44-51%, sometimes higher than support for the SNP.


  In many respects these are difficult and different times – but if we can recapture even a proportion of the excitement generated in 2014 imagine the effect that would have on the independence campaign. Surely that’s an ambition we should all be working towards.


  IT’S hard to overestimate the effect this time-travelling television series has had on Scotland’s tourism industry and its global recognition. On a holiday in Barbados last year, we had a long conversation with bar staff about the adventures of Jamie Fraser and his fictional Highland supporters. Its fame has spread everywhere.


  It’s nearing the end of its story. While we wait for the second part of the seventh series to land at some point this year, American broadcaster Starz confirmed it had commissioned an eighth and final series. Screening dates have yet to be confirmed.


  The impact of the show, based on Diana Gabaldon’s books, has been enormous. Much of it is filmed in Scotland and locations such as Doune Castle, Midhope Castle, Falkland and Rannoch Moor have attracted visiting fans from all over the world. Its page on visitscotland.com attracted almost a million views in 2015 and still achieves around half a million every year. Sites linked to Outlander saw some of the biggest spikes when Scots attractions enjoyed an average 128% increase in visitors after Covid.


  Gabaldon herself received an International Contribution to Scottish Tourism award in 2019 and last year Glasgow University held a major conference to explore Outlander’s history and culture. It had a political impact too.


  The then UK prime minister was reported to have asked Sky to delay its screening until after the 2014 referendum for fear of its possible positive impact on independence support. Actor Sam Heughan, who plays Jamie Fraser in the series, has spoken in favour of Yes.


  The show’s return to our screens this year and the widespread coverage generated by the following, final series can only amplify its already dramatic effect.


  GRADUATE of the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, Rwandan-Scottish actor Gatwa made his debut as the 15th incarnation of the iconic time traveller in the Christmas special last month. He’s certainly bringing a fresh spin to the character.


  The latest version is openly queer and is introduced to his new companion cutting shapes on the dancefloor wearing a vest and a kilt. The Guardian describes his performance as “so charismatic you want to leap into the TV with him”.


  It continues Doctor Who’s focus on diversity and trans rights. It recently introduced its first transgender character in its history, Rose Noble, the onscreen daughter of Catherine Tate. The BBC released a statement saying “the show has and will always continue to proudly celebrate diversity and reflect the world we live in”.


  Gatwa is back in earnest when season 14 of Doctor Who begins in May.


  DEMAND for tickets for the return of Simple Minds has been so strong that an extra date had to be added at the Hydro.


  The band are enjoying something of a renaissance right now, driven by their 2022 40 Years Of Hits tour and its follow-up Global Tour of 2024.


  Their first feature-length documentary, Everything Is Possible was screened on UK Paramount Plus from December 22, and an album of their performance of their classic 1982 album New Gold Dream at Paisley Abbey was released last year.


  Special guests on the tour are Glasgow band Del Amitri, no strangers to hits themselves. These gigs are set to become some of the year’s best.


  THE biggest pop star in the world brings her greatest hits tour to Scotland for three nights which will almost certainly constitute the biggest musical event of the year.


  The Eras tour constitutes more than 150 shows across five continents and is the highest-grossing tour of all time.


  Impressive statistics but even more impressive music as Swift shows off the song-writing ability which has made her the generation-defining artist of her age.


  LAST year was the year this Scottish band finally established themselves as one of the best acts ever to have emerged from this country. Their album Heavy Heavy was not only their best but contained some of the best music being made anywhere in the world.


  On top of that they were recognised as the best live act in Britain with some mesmerising shows, including a stunning set at Glastonbury.


  Keep your eyes peeled this year for any show you can reasonably get to.


  We know there are thousands of National readers who want to debate, argue and go back and forth in the comments section of our stories. We’ve got the most informed readers in Scotland, asking each other the big questions about the future of our country.


  Unfortunately, though, these important debates are being spoiled by a vocal minority of trolls who aren’t really interested in the issues, try to derail the conversations, register under fake names, and post vile abuse.


  So that’s why we’ve decided to make the ability to comment only available to our paying subscribers. That way, all the trolls who post abuse on our website will have to pay if they want to join the debate – and risk a permanent ban from the account that they subscribe with.


  The conversation will go back to what it should be about – people who care passionately about the issues, but disagree constructively on what we should do about them. Let’s get that debate started!


Callum Baird, Editor of The National


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.