Currently in Columbia
Local businesses in Columbia are preparing for Super Bowl game on Sunday, Feb. 11, by preparing for an increase in customers. 
COLUMBIA — After an AFC Championship win by the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday , businesses in Columbia are preparing for the Super Bowl.  
One local business employee says she's seen an increase in customers buying Chiefs gear this year.
"Oh ya," said Shelby Leary, a retail specialist at The Tin Roof Monogram and Gift. "I mean, we have sold Chiefs stuff for quite some time now. I would say as soon as Patrick Mahomes became popular."  
This past week, Taylor Swift has been a big influence on The Tin Roof's sales.
"The specific moment when she went down on the field to talk to Travis after they had won and to congratulate him, she gave him a hug," Leary said. "And when she did, it showed her hand and she had a ring on, and it had his jersey on the ring. And we actually carry the brand ... the brand that makes the ring." 
The brand, eb and co., is in stock at The Tin Roof, though Swift's specific ring is not.
The Tin Roof is stocked up on other Chiefs merchandise to prepare for fans shopping for Super Bowl gear, but it's already down to a just a few sizes in shirts and sweatshirts. 

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Have the latest local news delivered every morning to start your day informed.
The Tin Roof has ordered more items ranging from Chiefs bracelets to badge covers. Leary says there's definitely more to come. 
International Tap House (ITAP) in downtown Columbia also started its own Super Bowl preparations.
"So we're going to actually decorate it a little bit," said Joey Harrington, the general manager at ITAP's Columbia branch. "Have some yellow and red streamers and stuff like that. But we have an event planned with Boulevard Brewing, so we're going to have them do some celebrating with us. So we'll have some deals on their beers and stuff like that, as well and ordering some pizza." 
Harrington said it's taken a few weeks to prepare. He reached out to Boulevard before the Chiefs were even in the playoffs. 
"I'm like, 'I think they're going to be in the playoffs, let's plan a Super Bowl party,'" Harrington said. "So I was just trying to get that locked down. Win or lose, I was trying to get something planned." 
Both Leary and Harrington said they are as prepared as they can be when it comes to being just over a week away from Super Bowl LVIII on Feb. 11. 
To report an error or typo, email news@komu.com.
Currently in Columbia
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: