PHILADELPHIA — For weeks, scrutiny over singer Taylor Swift's travel in private jets has been bubbling up on social media, with people pointing out the planet-warming emissions of carbon dioxide released with every flight.
The megastar is dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, one of the NFL's most celebrated players. The growing romance between the couple has been closely watched, with Swift showing up at several games — which has meant much travel on private jets. The chatter got even louder the last few days after the Chiefs beat the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday, sending them to the Super Bowl, which is in Las Vegas on Feb. 11.
Swift is the latest in a long list of celebrities, government officials and elite businesspeople to come under scrutiny about private jet travel. A look at Swift's recent travel, carbon dioxide emissions from private jets versus commercial plan and one of the most common, albeit controversial, solutions floated to address such pollution.
FILE - Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift walk together after an AFC Championship NFL football game between the Chiefs and the Baltimore Ravens, Jan. 28, 2024, in Baltimore. For weeks, scrutiny over Swift’s travel has been bubbling up on social media, with people pointing out the planet-warming emissions of carbon dioxide released with every flight. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
If Swift attends the Super Bowl, she will be traveling from Tokyo, where she is on tour. That will mean more than 19,400 miles (30,500 kilometers) by private jet in just under two weeks. Just how much carbon dioxide will that be?
While exact carbon emissions depend on many factors, such as flight paths and number of passengers, a rough estimate is possible, said Gregory Keoleian, co-director of the Center for Sustainable Systems at the University of Michigan. Traveling 19,400 miles on a Dassault Falcon 900LX, one of Swift's jets, could release more than 200,000 pounds of carbon dioxide emissions, he said.
That would be about 14 times as much as the average American household emits in a year, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
FILE - Taylor Swift arrives before an NFL wild-card playoff football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Miami Dolphins, Jan. 13, 2024, in Kansas City, Mo. For weeks, scrutiny over Swift’s travel has been bubbling up on social media, with people pointing out the planet-warming emissions of carbon dioxide released with every flight. (AP Photo/Ed Zurga, File)
How realistic commercial travel would be for Swift is open for debate. After all, she's so famous that, even if she wanted to, flying on commercial flights might be chaotic for an airline crew and any public airport she frequents. Keoleian said there are other important ways that public figures flying private can address climate change, such as through their influence on public attitudes and perceptions, investments and who they vote for.
The controversy over Swift's use of private jets illustrates the "great disparity" between the wealthy and lower-income people when it comes to greenhouse gas emissions each person generates, said Julia Stein, a professor at University of California, Los Angeles School of Law.
"You're seeing this play out on kind of a microcosmic scale (with Swift), but that's true too of industrialized countries their carbon emissions historically," she said.
Swift is the latest of many famous people to be scrutinized over pollution from their globe-trotting. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Leonardo DiCaprio and many others have periodically gotten attention for their travel on private jets.
"It's striking that Ms. Swift gets so much of the outrage when private jet customers are overwhelmingly men over 50," said Jeff Colgan, a professor of political science at Brown University. "The focus really should be on a broader class of people."
Big events, from Olympic Games to the annual U.N. climate summit, known as Conference of Parties, have also been criticized because of the thousands of people flying in to attend, travel that all contributes to climate change.
All air travel creates emissions, though private jets produce much more per person. A 2023 study by the Institute for Policy Studies found that private jets emit at least 10 times more pollutants per passenger compared to commercial planes.
One often discussed way to address air travel pollution is paying for carbon offsets, which aim to balance out emissions released. For example, trees pull carbon out of the air, so offset programs include planting trees that, at least in theory, balance out pollution from air travel.
Gates has defended his travel by private plane by saying he purchases offsets and supports clean technology and other sustainability initiatives. Swift's publicist did not respond to a query from The Associated Press, but told The Washington Post that the singer purchases offsets. The publicist didn't provide details.
Still, there are many questions about the effectiveness of offsets. They are loosely regulated and investigations by news organizations in recent years have shown some programs overestimate how much carbon is being captured or have questionable practices.
"Offsets are still the Wild West of climate change and have been riddled with fraud, failed projects, and dubious effectiveness," said Jonathan Foley, executive director of Project Drawdown, a group that publicizes climate solutions. "Planting trees, for example, might work — or not — depending on how the forests are managed in the long run."
Foley, along with many climate scientists and policy experts, argue that instead of offsets for air travel, it would be much better to sharply reduce the use of planes, particularly of private jets, while developing cleaner fuels. Several airline companies are also developing planes that are powered by electricity, and thus will not have emissions.
___
The Associated Press' climate and environmental coverage receives financial support from multiple private foundations. AP is solely responsible for all content. Find AP's standards for working with philanthropies, a list of supporters and funded coverage areas at AP.org.
___
Jestina Nyamukunguvengu walks near a pearl millet crop in Zimbabwe's arid Rushinga district, northeast of the capital Harare, Jan. 19, 2023. (AP Photo/Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi)
A tribal woman tries to catch small fish as her granddaughter dozes off on her back in a paddy field on the outskirts of Guwahati, northeastern Assam state, India, March 20, 2023. (AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
A train passes a railroad crossing between flooded fields in Nidderau-Eichen near Frankfurt, Germany, Jan. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Probst)
Birds fly over debris in the aftermath of Hurricane Otis in Acapulco, Mexico, Oct. 28, 2023. (AP Photo/Felix Marquez)
Fisherwomen and men pull in a net of fish off the coast of Chuao, Venezuela, June 7, 2023. (AP Photo/Matias Delacroix)
Yaad Ali, left, offers prayers as his wife Monuwara Begum cooks food in their flooded house in Sandahkhaiti, a floating island village in the Brahmaputra River in Morigaon district, Assam, India, Aug. 29, 2023. (AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
A woman sits next to baskets filled with fish as she works at a market on the shore of the Senegal River in Saint Louis, Senegal, Jan. 20, 2023. (AP Photo/Leo Correa)
People wait in the rain to receive free food distributed from volunteers outside a camp for people displaced from coastal areas in Sujawal, Pakistan's southern district in the Sindh province, June 15, 2023, as Cyclone Biparjoy was approaching. (AP Photo/Pervez Masih)
Jay Begay holds the caul fat from a sheep, Sept. 6, 2023, in the community of Rocky Ridge, Ariz., on the Navajo Nation. (AP Photo/John Locher)
Workers harvest cranberries at Golden Eagle Farms, in Pitt Meadows, British Columbia, Oct. 12, 2023. (Darryl Dyck/The Canadian Press via AP)
Men fish amid dead fish floating near the shore of the Salado River during a drought in Buenos Aires province, Argentina, Jan. 22, 2023. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko)
Jorge Martinez works the fires at his taco stand at sunset on a hot day, July 19, 2023, in Mexicali, Mexico. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
A Kashmiri farmer walks back from saffron fields after a day of work in Pampore, south of Srinagar, Indian controlled Kashmir, Nov. 5, 2023. (AP Photo/Mukhtar Khan)
A worker hops over an irrigation canal as he applies fertilizer to a sugar cane field in Albion, Guyana, April 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Matias Delacroix)
Oumar Abdoulaye Sow sits at a water trough after giving water to his cows in the village of Fete Forrou, in the Matam region of Senegal, April 11, 2023. (AP Photo/Leo Correa)
Darren Platt, left, captain of the Agnes Sabine, and first-year deckhand Juan Zuniga, right, step over nets as they dock the boat for refueling, June 23, 2023, in Kodiak, Alaska. (AP Photo/Joshua A. Bickel)
Goats and sheep run toward a water point before undertaking a 24-kilometer (15-mile) journey to a new location in the Munkh-Khaan region of the Sukhbaatar district, in southeast Mongolia, May 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup)
Yaad Ali, left, and his son Musikur Alam, row a boat to collect drinking water in the floodwaters in Sandahkhaiti, a floating island village in the Brahmaputra River in Morigaon district, Assam, India, Aug. 30, 2023. (AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
People take items from a store in the aftermath of Hurricane Otis, in Acapulco, Mexico, Oct. 28, 2023. (AP Photo/Felix Marquez)
Jay Begay, left, and his mother Helen butcher a sheep at their home Wednesday, Sept. 6, 2023, in the community of Rocky Ridge, Ariz., on the Navajo Nation. (AP Photo/John Locher)
Children are seen through a car window during rain outside a camp set up in a school building for people displaced from coastal areas due to Cyclone Biparjoy approaching, in Badin, in Pakistan's southern district in the Sindh province, June 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Fareed Khan)
An Indigenous Wari' boy swims in the Komi Memem River, named Laje in non-Indigenous maps, at Wari' community in Guajara-Mirim, Rondonia state, Brazil, Thursday, July 13, 2023. (AP Photo/Andre Penner)
Joyce Ngui, left, fetches water in Athi River, Machakos county, Kenya, Oct. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Brian Inganga)
A boy walks on plastic waste at the Badhwar Park beach on the Arabian Sea coast in Mumbai, India, June 5, 2023. (AP Photo/Rajanish Kakade)
A 40-year-old woman poses for a photo after an interview in Saint Louis, Senegal, Saturday, Jan. 21, 2023. The woman said she had to resort to prostitution last year after her fisherman husband left the city and cut contact. (AP Photo/Leo Correa)
People attend a burial ceremony for some of the people who died following heavy rains caused by Cyclone Freddy in Blantyre, southern Malawi, March 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Thoko Chikondi)
Rekha Devi, a farm worker, washes her face next to her temporary shelter on an under-construction overpass after her family evacuated the flooded banks of the Yamuna River in New Delhi, India, Aug. 9, 2023. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
Neelam Tamar, suffering from heatstroke, recovers at the Lalitpur district hospital, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, June 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Rajesh Kumar Singh)
Dilrukshan Kumara looks at the ocean as he stands by the remains of his family's home destroyed by erosion in Iranawila, Sri Lanka, June 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)
A woman carries a water jug as she walks back to her home after collecting drinking water from a mobile water tanker on World Water Day in a residential area in New Delhi, India, March 22, 2023. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
Local residents watch a wildfire in Avantas village, near Alexandroupolis, Greece, Aug. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Achilleas Chiras)
A woman carries her pet dogs as residents are evacuated on rubber boats through floodwaters in Zhuozhou in northern China's Hebei province, south of Beijing, Aug. 2, 2023. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
A residential swimming pool hangs on a cliffside after a landslide in San Clemente, Calif., March 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
A man talks on his phone as he looks through smoke from wildfires in Canada at the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee, N.J., June 7, 2023. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)
Children cool themselves with electric fans as they take a rest near the Forbidden City on a hot day in Beijing, June 25, 2023. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
A woman, whose family members are trapped under rubble, wails after a landslide washed away houses in Raigad district, western Maharashtra state, India, July 20, 2023. (AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool)
Wildfire destruction is visible Aug. 10, 2023, in Lahaina, Hawaii. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)
A person runs to avoid the flames of a wildfire in Gennadi village, on the Aegean Sea island of Rhodes, southeastern Greece, July 25, 2023. (AP Photo/Petros Giannakouris)
A girl touches her father's head as they are engulfed by mist from a public fountain on a hot day in Bucharest, Romania, July 13, 2023. (AP Photo/Andreea Alexandru)
Rescuers recover the body of a person killed during flooding in Derna, Libya, Sept. 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Ricardo Garcia Vilanova)
A skier moves along a lit pathway during the polar night in Longyearbyen, Norway, Jan. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Daniel Cole)
The McDougall Creek wildfire burns on the mountainside above houses in West Kelowna, British Columbia, Aug. 18, 2023. (Darryl Dyck/The Canadian Press via AP)
Pamela and Patrick Cerruti empty coins from Pajaro Coin Laundry as floodwaters surround machines in the community of Pajaro in Monterey County, Calif., March 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Noah Berger)
A boat travels through a section of the Amazon River affected by drought in Amazonas state, near Manacapuru, Brazil, Sept. 27, 2023. (AP Photo/Edmar Barros)
A cameraman walks up to the Rhone Glacier near Goms, Switzerland, Friday, June 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Carl Weathers, who starred as Apollo Creed in the first four “Rocky films” as well as “Predator,” “The Mandalorian” and “Happy Gilmore,” has d…
FILE - Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift walk together after an AFC Championship NFL football game between the Chiefs and the Baltimore Ravens, Jan. 28, 2024, in Baltimore. For weeks, scrutiny over Swift’s travel has been bubbling up on social media, with people pointing out the planet-warming emissions of carbon dioxide released with every flight. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
FILE - Taylor Swift arrives before an NFL wild-card playoff football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Miami Dolphins, Jan. 13, 2024, in Kansas City, Mo. For weeks, scrutiny over Swift’s travel has been bubbling up on social media, with people pointing out the planet-warming emissions of carbon dioxide released with every flight. (AP Photo/Ed Zurga, File)
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.