The prince of pop has given his Beliebers hope that he will be back on the stage.
While in Toronto, Canada for the Tim Horton's NHL All-Star Player Draft at Scotiabank Arena, Justin Bieber decided to give his fans a surprise performance, bringing it back all the way to 2010 on Thursday. The pop singer sang the 2010 My World 2.0 hit, Baby, following Eenie Meenie, Justice's Ghost, Peaches and SZA's acoustic version of Snooze.
He was wearing a blue NHL All-Star jersey with a backward baseball cap and baggy jeans. His wife, Hailey Bieber, posted videos of the performance and captioned the one of him singing Eenie Meenie, "here's your jb eras performance." Eras tours became such a big deal now that Taylor Swift broke records and started the trend.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift stars as Sandy in Grease in adorable throwback snaps from when she was 10
Beliebers were freaking out on social media asking if this was the return of Bieber Fever. One fan on X, formerly known as Twitter, wrote: "OMG???? WE ARE SO BACK BIEBER NATION JUSTIN BIEBER IS BACK." Another person wrote: "Bro if Justin Bieber goes on tour I will literally wipe out my savings to see that man." Fans were reminiscing on an old clip of Justin singing Eenie Meenie in 2010 with his recent performance and can't believe he sang it 14 years later.
Justin, who captained one of the four teams at the event, was not the only star to make an appearance at the draft. Fellow Canadian superstars like Michael Bublé, Will Arnett and Tate McRae were in appearance and also headed teams. His performance came days after fans were speculating if the star was going to join his music mentor Usher during his Super Bowl half time performance. Justin posted a series of pictures of him with a mic at rehearsals, giving fans that idea. It was never confirmed or denied.
The One Time singer was supposed to go on a world tour in 2022 but had to cancel due to being diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt Syndrome, leaving half his face paralyzed and unable to smile or blink from one eye. He has been featured in songs like SZA's Snooze and Don Toliver's Private Landing, but has yet announced any new music of his own or performances. Fans on social media have been hoping for the pop singer to make a come back and go on a eras related tour.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.