By ISHITA SRIVASTAVA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:06, 2 February 2024   |  Updated:  21:41, 2 February 2024   
 26
View  comments
The Japanese embassy has released a bizarre statement confirming Taylor Swift will be able to see her 'guy on the Chiefs' play at the Super Bowl LVIII after her Eras Tour concert in Tokyo. 
Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs are set to take on the San Francisco 49ers at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday, February 11 at 6:30pm ET. 
The 12-time Grammy winner is due on stage for her last night in Tokyo at around 8:30pm on Saturday, February 10. That’s 3:30am on the same day in Las Vegas. 
In a statement released today, the Embassy of Japan in Washington DC said that if Swift hops on to a plane immediately after the concert, she will 'comfortably' reach Las Vegas. 
The statement, which incorporated three of Swift's album names, added that she could easily 'wow Japanese audiences and make it to Las Vegas'. 
Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs are set to take on the San Francisco 49ers at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday, February 11 at 6:30pm ET 
The 12-time Grammy winner is due on stage for her last night in Tokyo around 8:30pm on Saturday, February 10. That’s 3:30am on the same day in Las Vegas 
The statement, which incorporated three of Swift's album names, said she could easily 'wow Japanese audiences and make it to Las Vegas'.
The statement read: 'The Embassy of Japan in the United States is aware of recent media reports concerning the steps Taylor Swift will need to take to travel from Tokyo after her concert on February 10 to Las Vegas in time to watch the Kansas City Chiefs play in Super Bowl LVIII. 
'Despite the 12-hour flight and 17-hour time difference, the Embassy can confidently Speak Now to say that if she departs Tokyo in the evening after her concert, she should comfortably arrive in Las Vegas before the Super Bowl begins.
'We know that many people in Japan are excited to see Taylor Swift's Eras Tours and we wanted to confirm that anyone concerned can be Fearless in knowing that this talented performer can wow Japanese audiences and still make it to Las Vegas to support the Chiefs when they take the field for the Super Bowl wearing Red.' 
The Chiefs defeated the Ravens 17-10 in the AFC Championship, while the 49ers ousted the Lions 34-31 on Sunday with a comeback victory to secure their spots in the championship game. 
While the Super Bowl will be a star-studded event with a halftime show performance by Usher, many have been wondering if the Anti-Hero singer will be in attendance. 
Travis Kelce kisses Taylor Swift after leading his Chiefs team to a place in the Super Bowl
America's favorite couple had a moment to celebrate with the eyes of the world on them
Swift was visibly emotional as she hugged Kelce for the first time in the moments after his win 
The last time she performed in Japan, in 2015, Swift brought Narita airport to a standstill as she was practically stampeded by fans.
These days her security is an altogether tighter machine, with her cavalcade of cars usually securing a police escort to speed her from A to B.
It is about an hour drive from the Tokyo Dome to Narita for mere mortals but Swift doesn’t need to worry about stop signs or traffic signals.
Similarly flying private means she doesn’t have to worry about pesky security delays so, with the wind behind her, Swift could take off around 1:30am local time, 8:30am Vegas time.
After a roughly 12-hour flight, Swift could touch down at Harry Reid International Airport in Las Vegas around 8:30pm on Saturday, February 10.
A dizzying schedule, but plenty of time to sleep off any jet lag and be in the VIP box alongside her new BFF Brittany Mahomes, 28, putative sister-in-law Kylie Kelce, 31, a possibly shirtless Jason, 36, and Kelce’s parents Donna, 71, and Ed, 72, in time for the game which starts 3:30pm Las Vegas time on Sunday, February 11. 
Taylor was also seen alongside Travis and Jason's mom Donna amid the celebrations 
Travis Kelce has to skip the Grammys because of his preparations for the Super Bowl 
It means that the Kansas City Chiefs star cannot support Taylor Swift at the ceremony in LA
But while Swift may make it to the Super Bowl, her 'Lover' said in a recent interview that he will not be attending the Grammys with her - where she has been nominated for six awards. 
Speaking on the Pat McAfee show on Wednesday, Kelce said: 'I wish I could go and support Taylor at the Grammys and watch her win every single award that she is nominated for. 
'But I think I've got practice on Sunday, or it is a travel day? No, I've got practice on Saturday, Sunday is a travel day. I've got to get ready for this big old Super Bowl.'
McAfee then joked that Kelce is the 'only person in her orbit' who would be too busy to make the award show. 
The 34-year-old tight-end will be arriving in Las Vegas the same weekend as the music industry's biggest award ceremony, which is set to take place on Sunday at Crypto.com Arena in LA. 
Kelce was also quizzed by McAfee about Swift and their relationship.
'We're just trying to reel in the good ones, just one at a time, baby,' Kelce said about initial skepticism over them dating. 'Win everyone over. We're two people in a relationship supporting each other and having fun with it. It’s nothing more than that.'
As for handling the extra attention, he said: 'I 100 percent had to reel it back and make sure that everybody in this building knows my intentions.
'Football is my main focus. There's a lot of people counting on me, No 1 focus on top of that, in my heart, is to pour everything onto the field.
Swift will have five days to either celebrate the Chiefs win or console Kelce before flying to Australia to continue her Eras tour
San Francisco and Kansas City will meet in the Super Bowl for the second time this decade, with the Chiefs winning Super Bowl LIV in 2020 
San Francisco and Kansas City will meet in the Super Bowl for the second time this decade, with the Chiefs winning Super Bowl LIV in 2020. 
In 2020 the Chiefs beat San Francisco’s 49ers 31 -20. And last year he famously played against his brother’s team the Philadelphia Eagles, beating them 38-35 with Kelce scoring touchdowns in both games. 
The Bad Blood singer is scheduled to head to Australia after the Super Bowl and take the stage in Melbourne on February 16, which starts at 6pm.
She'll perform for three nights at the Melbourne Cricket Grounds then head to Sydney's Accor Stadium for four shows starting on February 23. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group