Blogs: Cutting Remarks							 /
													
								Diamonds							 /
													
								Industry							

By Rob Bates | February 02, 2024
This week: An Indian controversy proves troubling for lab-grown diamond industry. Where to dig for diamonds and gemstones in the United States. And a profile of the “father of diamond dentistry.” All below.
De Beers’ sales down but “on the mend”
– Smallest January sight since 2009
– Chinese diamond market “in dire straits”
Why you need to screen every diamond
How falling lab-grown diamond prices are affecting sales
– Yahoo! wonders if lab-growns are “worthless”
Botswana rejects G7 demands on diamond certification
– Diamond industry gears up for tighter controls
Angola shutting Russia out of Angolan mining business
– Two sides meet to negotiate Russia’s exit from Catoca
– Is Russia ahead of the West? (subscription)
Switzerland bans Russian diamond imports
Ethically minded jeweler Ingle & Rhode to close
Allegations in India about lab-grown diamond manufacturers and software piracy
Why lab-grown company Kimai appeared on a U.K. reality show
S&P Global gives Diamond Foundry issuer credit rating of B–
Pandora switches to recycled gold and silver
– The New York Times, I’m happy to say, has questions
Gold demand dropped 5% in 2023
The watch business is “returning to normal”
Appeals court rules in favor of Rolex in copyright dispute
Adjudicator says Dominion Diamond doesn’t have to pay former employees
Abandoned explosives plant on Jericho mine site at center of lawsuit over cleanup
Diavik taking diesel spill “very seriously”
Longtime North Carolina jeweler Gene Starnes dies
Rapaport Diamond Corp. appoints new CEO, chief operating officer
De Beers’ Pat Dambe moves to Botswana ministry
Former De Beers exec Delage joins GIA board
Unilever’s Sandeep Kohli to be CEO of Aditya Birla’s jewelry venture
Adweek interviews Kendra Scott chief marketing officer
Macy’s could get another takeover bid
Cartier in tug-of-war with Qatari royal family (subscription)
Cartier’s Trinity style remains a “cult classic”
Tiffany opens new store in Hong Kong
92nd Street Y accepting jewelry residency applications
Why a Minneapolis jeweler bought Mary Tyler Moore’s jewelry
A look at the jewelry Taylor Swift wore to last weekend’s NFL playoff
– Penn. jeweler goes viral after designing Swift’s bracelet
Meghan Markle’s engagement ring is back
Mejuri taps Reneé Rapp for new campaign
New York City’s “godmother of diamonds” helps you nail Mob wife aesthetic
Wild story of an auction house’s lie about a diamond
Ancient jewelry shows Ice Age had nine distinct cultures
Where you can dig for diamonds and gemstones in the United States
A profile of the “father of diamond dentistry”
From the Blog
Why You Need to Start Screening Every Diamond
Why This Jeweler Bought Mary Tyler Moore’s Jewelry
From the Podcast      
The Jewelry District, Episode 114: Platinum, Undisclosed Lab-Growns, Tucson
Email: rbates – at – jckonline.com.
– Twitter: @robbatesjck
– Connect on LinkedIn
Have a good weekend.
 (Photo: Getty Images)  
By Rob Bates April 30, 2025
By Rob Bates April 30, 2025
By Karen Dybis April 30, 2025
By Brittany Siminitz April 30, 2025
2025 © RX USA. Use of this website is subject to terms of use.
Are you sure you want to log out?