Travis Kelce said girlfriend Taylor Swift is now part of his family just days after his brother, Jason Kelce, did the same.
Travis made the sweet nod while he and Jason reviewed pieces of art that fans sent to them showcasing Jason tearing off his shirt and jumping into the crowd after Travis scored a touchdown during the Chiefs vs. Bills playoff game on Jan. 21.
“Look, you got the whole fam,” Travis exclaimed in a bonus video from their podcast “New Heights” on Friday.
In the painting, a shirtless Jason stood in the center while his parents, Donna and Ed Kelce, his wife, Kylie Kelce, and Swift all cheered behind him.
“You can tell that’s dad. That’s damn good. And you can tell that’s Ky in the back, you can tell that’s Tay, mom, yeah, that’s good stuff right there,” Travis continued.
The piece of art even included Swift holding up her hands in her signature heart –– which is seemingly a nod to Travis doing the same heart hands during that same game.
The unidentified artist even nailed down the outfit Swift wore for the matchup, which included an $1,800 white and red Gant Blank Canvas Project x Kilo Kish Bouclé Varsity Jacket and red beanie.
Travis, 34, shared the sweet familial sentiment about his Grammy winner girlfriend, also 34, just a few days after Jason, 36, did the same.
The Philadelphia Eagles athlete was reflecting on storming the field alongside his parents and Swift after the Chiefs recently clinched the AFC Championship title on Sunday. 
“We had the whole family down on the field. We had me, Mom, Dad and Taylor. Everybody was down there,” Jason said on Wednesday’s episode of their podcast. 
“The only people that mattered,” he continued. “Our family, friends and the people that came on the f–king flight with us, dude.”
Swift and Travis made headlines on Sunday after Travis helped the Chiefs move on to the Super Bowl, and Swift subsequently congratulated him on the field.
The “Blank Space” singer and the tight end packed on the PDA by sharing several smooches, hugging and posing for pictures together.
Follow Page Six’s coverage of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s whirlwind romance
The A-Listers even shared an emotional conversation where Kelce seemingly told her, “I love you. So much it’s not funny.”
“I’ve never been so proud of anyone. Ever,” Swift appeared to reply. 
Both Swift and Kelce have a busy few weeks ahead of them, as she will attend the 2024 Grammy Awards while he continues to train for the Super Bowl.
The “Anti-Hero” songstress will also kick off the 2024 leg of her Eras Tour in Japan, but sources have told Page Six that she’ll fly halfway around the world right after her concert on Saturday to make the big game.
The couple have been dating since the summer, but they didn’t confirm their relationship until Swift attended her first Chiefs game back in September. 
Advertisement