The Sonoma Index-Tribune music writer’s thoughts on local music happenings: magic and music related classes.
More than a theater show and much more than a magic show, the magician performing tomorrow night at the Sebastiani Theatre, John Carney, will make things go poof!
Across the world and on many of our favorite TV shows including David Letterman’s “Late Night,” Carney is actually no longer on the air. Is it a coincidence?
Carney is a magician, yes, but he is also a showman, an intelligent force to witness on stage and a witty commentator on our times. He’s a standout at Hollywood’s Magic Castle, and brings his show to the Grand Dame of the Plaza for a 7:30 p.m. show on Jan. 6.
Best to by your tickets for the disappearing act ― before they disappear.
There’s no doubt readers of this column have a thing called class. Now that the new year is squarely upon us and we’ve all written “2024” a few times ― always with great hesitation, it might be time to think about taking a class to simply keep our brains active and engaged.
Three music classes are being offered, two via Zoom that caught my fancy, and I thought I’d share. One is about a new cultural phenomenon and one is about a band from the ‘60s continuing to make impressions. The third is about the mystery of conducting an orchestra.
The first, from the online lifelong learning organization, Lexington Community Education, is a class titled “The Business of Being: Taylor Swift – Virtual.”
Swift is a juggernaut. The last decade has been particularly good to Swift, and this past summer and fall tour, “The Eras Tour,” shattered all records for attendance, money, loyalty and screams.
The Lexington class will explore how Swift has evolved into the billionaire entrepreneur she is. She has inspired generations of girls and women, and this class should shed light onto just how she has done that.
More information and registration can be found at lexingtoncommunityed.org.
Incidentally, a show called “Tribute to Taylor Swift” is scheduled for Jan. 19 at the Sebastiani Theatre. You may want to check it out if one of your New Year’s resolutions is to become a Swiftie.
A bit more locally, not that Zoom proximity really matters, is a course offered through Stanford University taught by Berkeley resident and Grateful Dead expert David Gans. It is titled “Psychedelia and Groove; The Music of the Grateful Dead.”
From the course description, “the class will start by tracing the band’s evolution from its humble beginnings to its legendary status as one of the most influential bands in music history.”
Gans is the host of the nationally syndicated “The Grateful Dead Hour” and co-host of “Tales from the Golden Road,” heard on SiriusXM (once broadcasted live from my own living room). He has also written five books about the San Francisco-based band.
Gans said, “I will have guest speakers at five of the sessions and it will flow much more like a seminar than a lecture.”
He added, “It’s online ― anyone can participate.”
The class will be held over six Monday nights starting on Jan. 22.
Information and registration about Gans’s class can be had at continuingstudies.stanford.edu.
Sonoma State University has a three-day course that starts on Jan. 16. Titled “Orchestra Conducting Workshop,” it will unlock the mystery and techniques needed to be your best “Maestro,” so you’ll be ready for the remake of that movie ― now that Bradley Cooper has moved on to his next project.
The course description indicates that it’ will assist in “developing essential physical control and building musical understanding.” It  may also explain all those sweaty upper body and head gyrations that seem so very important for successful conducting.
All you need to know can be found at music.sonoma.edu.
As Stevie Wonder sang in his “Higher Ground” in 1973, “People, keep on learnin’,” and take the class for credit or no credit. Less pressure.