Steelers coach Mike Tomlin has an unlikely ally. Chiefs superstar Travis Kelce is on Tomlin’s side when it comes to criticism from certain members of the media.
Travis Kelce and his brother, Jason, co-host the weekly New Heights podcast. Jason, who is the starting center for the Eagles, teed up the question for his kid brother to respond.
“They were talking about firing him, what, seven weeks ago,” Jason Kelce pondered.
“The media is so dumb. Why do we do the media?” Travis Kelce replied, then followed with some expletives. “Just a bunch of jacka----. … Just out here f------ talking nonsense. One of the best coaches the NFL has ever seen …”
Kelce could probably tap the brakes on the Tomlin hyperbole. It’s true that the Steelers head coach has never posted a losing season in his NFL career as a head coach. That’s 17 straight seasons of at least 8-8. (The NFL switched to 17 games in 2021). The Steelers, as they head into the regular-season finale, are 9-7. Tomlin won a Super Bowl when the Steelers beat the Cardinals on Feb. 1, 2009.
What Travis Kelce failed to mention is this. The Steelers looked to have a clear path to the playoffs in late November after they beat the Bengals, 16-10. Then Pittsburgh stumbled in home games against the Cardinals and Patriots. Both those teams had each won only two games before they arrived at Acrisure Stadium. They should’ve been easy wins for the Steelers. Instead, Pittsburgh lost those two and a game against the Colts. But Tomlin helped right the ship with a change at quarterback. Mason Rudolph is QB1 although Kenny Pickett is healthy again after ankle surgery. The Steelers then beat the Bengals for a second time and knocked off the Seahawks in Seattle.
They’ll have to beat the Ravens in Baltimore this Saturday to give themselves a chance at the postseason. If the Steelers lose, then it’ll be seven seasons in a row without a playoff win. Plus, if Pittsburgh doesn’t make the playoffs, it’ll be the fourth time in six years. That’s not a great detail for a coach Travis Kelce described as one of “the best coaches the NFL has ever even seen.” Overall, Tomlin’s teams have earned playoff spots in 10 seasons. The Steelers also reached the Super Bowl in the 2010 season, but lost to the Packers.
Maybe Travis Kelce is just salty about the media in general and it has nothing to do with Mike Tomlin criticism. His new girlfriend is pop superstar Taylor Swift. So every entertainment site in the world is tracking the couple. Plus, he’s taken some criticism for his own game. The Chiefs are the defending Super Bowl champs, yet they’ve struggled this season. Kansas City will be the third seed in the AFC playoff bracket.
This article first appeared on 5 GOATs and was syndicated with permission.
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!