Forget about that scrawny rodent in Pennsylvania.
Everyone knows the true meaning of Feb. 2 is…
World Play Your Ukulele Day!
Tiny Tim, Elvis, George Harrison, Eddie Vedder, Jake Shimabukuro, Taylor Swift… they all have surfed to stardom on the Mighty Uke.
But you don’t need a seance or a second mortgage for a stadium seat to celebrate World Ukulele Day.
Four-stringed fun is right in your backyard. Check out the monthly gatherings of the Morristown Uke Jam, and stay tuned for news about this summer’s New Jersey Uke Fest.
Aloha!
If you’ve read this far… you clearly value your local news. Now we need your help to keep producing the local coverage you depend on! More people are reading Morristown Green than ever. But costs keep rising.  Reporting the news takes time, money and hard work. We do it because we, like you, believe an informed citizenry is vital to a healthy community.
So please, CONTRIBUTE to MG or become a monthly SUBSCRIBER. ADVERTISE on Morristown Green. LIKE us on Facebook, FOLLOW us on Twitter, and SIGN UP for our newsletter.
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Murder and blackmail are on the menu when six mysterious guests assemble at Boddy Manor for a night they’ll never forget! Based on the fan-favorite movie and inspired by the classic Hasbro board game, Clue is the ultimate whodunit that will leave you dying of laughter and keep you guessing until the final twist. Tickets […]
Join Morris County Historical Society at The Westin Governor Morris for our first annual “History in Motion” Car Show. Dozens of classic cars, muscle cars, antique cars, hot rods, and exotic cars, foreign and domestic, will be on display at this fundraiser to benefit MCHS and celebrate automotive history. Music will be provided by Denville’s […]
Temple B’nai Or is a vibrant, welcoming Jewish community in the heart of Morristown, NJ. If you’d like to learn more about our first-rate preschool and religious schools, meet temple leaders and congregants, and discover all the ways we can help enrich your personal Jewish journey, join us for our Temple B’nai Or Expo, on […]
What exactly are native plants, and why do they matter? Join the Morris County chapter of the Native Plant Society to learn the many ecological benefits of growing native plants in our gardens! We'll go over some tips on how to get started and where to source native plants. Each guest will go home with […]
The Morristown and Morris Township Library, 1 Miller Rd., Morristown, NJ is hosting Kate McCabe and her presentation, 44 Acres of Concrete: The Making of Headquarters Plaza Part Two on Sunday, April 27 at 2:00 p.m. in the library's Lower Level Meeting Room. This is the second half of this lecture series in which Kate […]
John Ward Dunsmore’s 1926 painting, The Petition, imagines a scene from one of American Masonic history’s most important moments. In the midst of the American Revolution, Masonic brethren in the Continental Army gathered at Morristown to observe St. John’s Day, and what followed was a pivotal meeting where some of the founding ideas of the […]
We are welcoming Collinswood potter, Evelyn Taylor, back to Just Jersey with a month long popup of her functional and colorful designs. Dried flower arrangements will be making their debut with new vendor, Bloomeon. Vase and arrangements will be perfect for Mother's Day! We will also be sipping on some healthy hydration from High Ground […]
Experience the Harmony: On May 2nd at 7:30 p.m., join the Light Opera of New Jersey at St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Basking Ridge, NJ, for an unforgettable night of vocal excellence. The evening begins with The Princeton Nassoons, one of the world's premier collegiate a cappella groups. Since 1941, their rich harmonies and engaging […]
May 3rd is Superhero Day in Madison! Join us for a SUPER edition of Makerspace with guest artist Dan Fenelon as you create your own superhero logo. Wear it proudly on your shirt as you chase the Madison Menace through town collecting superpowers. Other Makerspace activities including our 3D printer, Legos, jewelry making, marble runs, […]
Matthews was named 2025 Artist of the Year at the International Folk Music Awards and is a troubadour of truth among the brightest stars of the new generation of social justice music-makers. A prolific lyricist and composer, Matthews blends Country, Americana, Folk, Blues, and Bluegrass into a bold, complex performance steeped in traditional melodies punctuated […]
﻿The Harmonium Chamber Singers, a select subset of Harmonium Choral Society, will present ON MY JOURNEY, a full concert of works by Boyce, Sheppard, Betinis, Choi and featuring Herbert Howell’s “Requiem”. ﻿Saturday, May 3, 7:30 p.m. and Sunday, May 4, 3 p.m. Grace Episcopal Church, 4 Madison Ave, Madison, NJ 07940 Go to https://www.harmonium.org/gettickets for […]
For Pete the Cat, life is an adventure no matter where you wind up. So the minute the groovy blue cat meets The Biddles, he gets the whole family rocking. That is, except for young Jimmy Biddle, the most organized second grader on planet Earth. The 4:30pm performance of Pete the Cat is sensory friendly, […]
Choral Art Society of New Jersey invites the public to attend the second concert of its 63rd season on Sunday, May 4, 2025, at 3:00 PM at The Presbyterian Church in Westfield, 140 Mountain Avenue, Westfield, NJ. New for this concert is a community partnership with the Westfield High School Concert Choir. Choral Art Society […]
﻿The Harmonium Chamber Singers, a select subset of Harmonium Choral Society, will present ON MY JOURNEY, a full concert of works by Boyce, Sheppard, Betinis, Choi and featuring Herbert Howell’s “Requiem”. ﻿Saturday, May 3, 7:30 p.m. and Sunday, May 4, 3 p.m. Grace Episcopal Church, 4 Madison Ave, Madison, NJ 07940 Go to https://www.harmonium.org/gettickets for […]
The Drew University Chorus, under the direction of Sarah A. Michal, brings “The Tunnel’s End: Songs of Light and Hope” to brighten the Spring Season; featuring Franz Josef Haydn’s The Heavens are Telling; with additional music by Ola Gjiello, Moses Hogan, Samuel Barber and more. The program concludes with Leonard Cohen’s hopeful touchstone: Anthem. Presented […]
Ride a wave of music and laughter with Gilbert and Sullivan’s delightful comedic tale about overblown nationalism, personal ambition and forbidden love amongst the social classes of British society and the Royal Navy. The New York Gilbert & Sullivan Players’ production of H.M.S. Pinafore features an elaborate setting of a ship’s deck, based on drawings […]
﻿Harmonium Choral Society hosts LATIN AMERICAN SONGS AND RHYTHMS, a workshop for teachers, singers and conductors, led by Diana Saez and Suzzette Ortiz. Don't miss the opportunity to meet, learn from, and sing with this well-respected duo in New Jersey! They will be joined by a guest ensemble Sola Voce from the NJYC (New Jersey […]
It’s May 1883, and you’re among the family, friends, and high society invited by the Cranes to an elegant afternoon tea at Acorn Hall celebrating the imminent wedding of their daughter, Julia, to young, up-and-coming Dr. J. Leonard Corning. If you’ve ever wondered what it was like to experience the social event of the season, […]
This madcap musical based on Dav Pilkey’s (Captain Underpants, Dogman) irreverently hilarious book series finds Cat Kid and Molly Pollywog starting an epic club to teach 21 rambunctious baby frogs how to make their own comics, flipping out their fishy father Flippy in the process! This is a sensory friendly performance, designed to create a supportive, welcoming […]
In honor of Historic Preservation Month, join us for a sneak peek at NJ’s first Architectural Study Collection as the installation progresses in our newly restored carriage house. Comprised of over thirty 18th-20th century structures, this collection of character-defining architectural features salvaged from demolished or significantly altered historic structures is allowing MCHS to continue to […]
Howie Mandel has remained a constant force in show business for more than 40 years, and has been a fixture as a long-time judge on NBC’s flagship series ​America’s Got Talent. Mandel returns for another off-the-cuff, anything-goes evening of laughs. Mature content and language. Adults only.
Spend part of your day at Peters Valley School of Craft, nestled in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area! This will be an outdoor event that is free and open to the public! Rain or Shine. Sorry, no dogs allowed. Enjoy Fine Craft Demonstrations. Visitors will be treated to artist demonstrations of the various […]
As a kick-off to next year’s celebration of the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence, Morristown will commemorate a return visit by the Marquis de Lafayette in 1825 this summer. Credited with helping the Revolutionary War effort, Lafayette will be feted with a number of events around Morristown Green, including a parade in Morristown. […]
Based on the real-life Newsboy Strike of 1899, Newsies tells the story of Jack Kelly, a rebellious newsboy who dreams of a life as an artist away from the big city. After publishing giant Joseph Pulitzer raises newspaper prices at the newsboys’ expense, Kelly and his fellow newsies take action as all of New York […]
Did you know that on Memorial day in 1900 Madison’s first public library (and the home to METC) opened? Come celebrate the 125th anniversary of the James Library Building and learn about its history as well as other architectural gems in downtown Madison with the museum’s Executive Director. This includes a short walking tour. Pre-registration […]