Leonardo DiCaprio looks a far cry from his normal dapper appearance as he stepped onto the set of his new movie.
The Hollywood star, 49, sported a dishevelled look for the Paul Thomas Anderson project currently titled BC Project. Leo was seen in an all grey, washed-out outfit, made up of a jacket and trouser combo. He also wore a darker zip-up jumper underneath. His hair appeared greasy and tied back, while he showed off his new horseshoe moustache as he got into a vehicle.
The new images come after he had got into character earlier in the week wearing scruffy clothes as he used a phone box. He wore dirty-looking checkered coat, old trainers and a beanie hat in the previous images.
For all the latest o n news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift stars as Sandy in Grease in adorable throwback snaps from when she was 10
The plot for the new flick is being kept tightly under wraps, but it's said to have a star-studded line-up that also includes Sean Penn and Regina Hall and has a budget close to $100million (£80million).
The production comes as fans were shocked by Leo's Oscar snub for his part in Killers of the Flower Moon. While director Martin Scorsese earned his tenth best director nomination for the 1920s-set drama, making him the most nominated director alive, Leonardo was left off the nomination list once again for his performance. His co-star Robert De Niro did, however, make the cut and is up for best supporting actor a record 49 years after his first nomination for The Godfather Part II.
Earlier this month, a more clean-cut version of Leo was present on the red carpet at the 14th Annual Governors Awards. He attended without a date as the rumour mill continues to swirl about his dating life.
Recently, he was linked with his ex Kate Moss' little sister, Lottie. In December last year, the pair were spotted enjoying a restaurant 'date' together, getting tongues wagging. As the movie star, partied at the same venue as 25-year-old Lottie, onlookers admitted the pair looked 'really close'. The potential pairing came after a rumoured romance with Vittoria Ceretti over the summer.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.