Travis Kelce will forever “cherish” his sweet on-field interaction with his girlfriend, Taylor Swift, after winning the AFC Championship last weekend.
During a press conference Friday, the Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, was asked what it meant for him to be surrounded by his family — including his brother, Jason Kelce — as well as the “Cruel Summer” singer, also 34, during that special moment.
“It’s another memory in the journey that we get to cherish,” Travis replied. “I’m fortunate that I got all the support I need off the field.”
Travis, who has the chance to win his third Super Bowl on Feb. 11, noted that having his loved ones there gives him a “reason to play that much harder.”
Swift rushed onto the field last Sunday to congratulate the NFL star following the Chiefs’ 17-10 win over the Baltimore Ravens. 
Despite being swarmed by cameras, the Grammy winner ran into Travis’ arms as the pair shared a passionate kiss.
“How about that one, huh?!” the athlete asked Swift, who replied, “I’ve never seen anything like that.”
Both the pop star and Travis looked overjoyed as they held onto each other tightly — even as he greeted his family.
The pair then shared another hug as Travis lovingly said, “What’s up, sweetie?”
During the trophy ceremony, Swift was spotted beaming from ear to ear as Travis got on the mic to hype up the crowd.
Chiefs head coach Andy Reid also gave the “Lover” songstress a special nod while up on the platform, pointing in her direction before receiving the Lamar Hunt Trophy.
After the presentation concluded, Travis went back down to join his leading lady, and she was overheard telling him just how “proud” she was.
Video of the loved-up interaction, shared by the NFL, showed the “Catching Kelce” alum finding Swift in the crowd to tell her he had to go back into the locker room.
“Tay, I’m gonna enjoy with the guys,” he said while leaning in for a kiss.
“I love you,” the football player, who started dating the global superstar in July 2023, added. “So much it’s not funny.”
“I’ve never been so proud of anyone,” she seemingly replied, pulling him in close. “Ever.”
Travis, who was also caught having an emotional conversation with his older brother, notably had a tear running down his face as he pulled away from Swift.
For more Page Six you love…
Although Travis will hold that memory dear, the pair are hoping to one-up that moment next weekend after Super Bowl LVIII.
The Chiefs are set to face off against the San Francisco 49ers for chance to win the coveted Lombardi Trophy.
Despite Swift having a concert in Japan the night prior, an insider confirmed to Page Six earlier this week that the “Anti-Hero” singer will make it to Las Vegas in time for the game.
“It’s a brutal flight, but she’ll get on her plane right after the concert,” a source shared with us.
Although the direct flight is about 12 hours, the 17-hour time difference works in Swift’s favor, and she should land in Sin City with plenty of time to spare.
Advertisement