From Jennifer Lopez’s Google Images-producing Versace jungle dress to Lana Del Rey’s last-minute mall find, the Grammys red carpet has long been home to some of the most talked-about fashion moments of all time. Music’s biggest night brings out our most creative stars—those willing to break sartorial rules in an effort to express themselves through clothing. The 66th annual Grammy Awards was no different and on Sunday night, the year’s artists converged on the Crypto.com arena in Los Angeles to show off their looks and vie for a golden gramophone to add to their mantel. 
Trevor Noah once again acted as host for the evening, one which saw women in music winning out. It all started with the nominations, which were led by SZA and Victoria Monét, who got nine and seven nods each, respectively. Not far behind them were Brandy Clark, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, and Taylor Swift, all of whom walked into the evening with six nominations. In fact, only one male performer—Grammys golden boy Jon Batiste—received as many nods including one for Album of the Year. Otherwise, it was all about the women. 
So, while male red carpet style has been making inroads over the past few years (thanks in part to the musical set), gowns took over the red carpet at the 2024 Grammys. Of course, Cyrus, Eilish, and other attendees kept us on our toes, so keep scrolling to see every unexpected look from the evening.
In Schiaparelli with Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. 
In Fred Leighton jewelry. 
In Gucci.
In Courreges with Tiffany & Co. jewelry and Jimmy Choo heels.
Beyoncé is in Louis Vuitton with Cartier jewelry. Karol G is in Marmar Halim.
In Baby Phat.
In Dilara Fındıkoğlu with Alexander Wang heels. 
In vintage Versace with Aquazzura heels. 
In Vivienne Westwood with Larroude heels. 
In custom Maison Margiela with Tiffany & Co. Elsa Peretti jewelry and Christian Louboutin for Maison Margiela heels.
Finneas is in Givenchy. Eilish is in Chrome Hearts.
In Giorgio Armani.
In Usama Ishtay. 
In Atelier Versace with Bulgari jewelry and Jimmy Choo heels. 
In vintage Olivier Theyskens.
In Chanel.
In Valentino couture with Tiffany & Co. jewelry and Gianvito Rossi heels. 
In Celia Kritharioti.
In Valentino with Pomellato jewelry. 
In Do Long.
Teigen is in Sophie Couture. 
In Thom Browne.
In Saint Laurent with Jacob & Co. jewelry. 
In Versace. 
In Gucci. 
In Gaurav Gupta couture with Jimmy Choo heels. 
In Zuhair Murad with jewelry from Suzanne Kalan and Jewels Aficionado. 
Pluma in Louis Vuitton.
Richie Grainge is in Saint Lautent with Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. 
In Robert Wun with jewelry from Graziela and Effy. 
In Chanel.
In Gucci.
In Comme des Garçons with U Los Angeles jewelry. 
In Celine.
In Zigman. 
In Allen Edmonds shoes with Panerai jewelry. 
In Dolce & Gabbana with Martin Katz jewelry. 
In Dolce & Gabbana with Christian Louboutin shoes and Jacob & Co. jewelry.  
In Cong Tri.
In Avellano with Le Silla heels and Fie Isolde jewelry. 
In Marc Bouwer.
Batiste in Versace with Christian Louboutin shoes and a Vacheron Constantin watch.
In Givenchy. 
In vintage Alexander McQueen with Christian Louboutin heels. 
In Reem Acra with Bucherer jewelry. 
In Stephane Rolland with Sterling Forever jewelry.
In Louis Vuitton.
In Khosrov couture.
In Oscar de la Renta with Christian Louboutin heels and an Edie Parker clutch. 
Klum is in Valdrin Sahiti with Alevi Milano heels and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
In Jason Wu with Jared Atelier jewelry. 
In Marc Bouwer. 
In Mônot. 
In Taller Marmo. 
In Christian Siriano.