NEW YORK — Apple has had its first box office flop.
“Argylle,” the $200-million star-studded spy thriller from Apple Studios, debuted with $18 million in ticket sales, according to studio estimates Sunday. The film, directed by Matthew Vaughn, managed to lead the weekend box office, but still found little interest from moviegoers.
Dua Lipa, left, and Henry Cavill in a scene from "Argylle." 
Although Apple has been in the original film business since 2019 and won the Oscar for best picture with 2021's “CODA,” the company has only recently produced its own lineup of big-budget releases. The first two — Martin Scorsese's “Killers of the Flower Moon” and Ridley Scott's “Napoleon” — could be called successful.
“Killers of the Flower Moon," though not profitable with $156 million in global sales, was one of the most celebrated films of 2023 and is nominated for 10 Academy Awards. “Napoleon,” released in November, raked in $219 million worldwide — also not enough to turn a profit. But both films raised Apple's reputation as a home to top directors and prestige filmmaking.
The same can't be said for “Argylle,” a twisty thriller starring Bryce Dallas Howard, Sam Rockwell and Henry Cavill. The movie was badly dinged by critics, who gave it a Rotten Tomatoes score of 35% “fresh.” Ticket buyers also gave it a thumbs down, with a C+ CinemaScore.
Apple has paired with traditional studios for each of those releases. Universal Pictures handled the rollout of “Argylle," which opened in 3,605 North American venues and took in an additional $17.3 million in 78 international markets. Paramount handled “Killers of the Flower Moon,” while Sony steered “Napoleon.”
“Argylle," with “Kingsman” director Vaughn at the helm, was made with aspirations of starting a new franchise. But one of its biggest talking points ahead of its release was conjecture that Taylor Swift might have been involved with the movie thanks to the prominent presence of argyle patterns and a cat in the promotional materials. Despite plenty of online discussion, Swift had no involvement in the film.
Second place on the weekend went to the Christian drama series “The Chosen.” The first three episodes of the fourth season of the series, which dramatizes the life of Jesus, played in 2,263 theaters. The Angel Studios release grossed $6 million Friday through Sunday.
On another quiet weekend in cinemas, the rest of ticket sales went mainly to holdovers and awards contenders.
Warner Bros.' “Wonka," in its eighth week, crossed $200 million domestically. After four weeks in theaters, Paramount's “Mean Girls” crossed $100 million. “The Beekeeper," from the Amazon MGM, neared $50 million in its fourth week.
Although many Oscar contenders hit theaters months ago, the top choices of those in theaters remain Cord Jefferson's “American Fiction” ($15 million thus far for MGM), starring Jeffrey Wright, and Yorgos Lanthimos' “Poor Things” ($28.2 million, plus $40.1 million overseas), starring Emma Stone.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Who doesn't like going to the movie theater for a night out? It can be a lot of fun, but what about all those distractions?
Hollywood loves making movies and television shows about Hollywood. But creators often enter the arena with rose-colored glasses. Not so with …
Friends who vacation together don’t necessarily stay friends — or so we learn in the climactic changes in “The Four Seasons,” a Netflix adapta…
Now that the dust has settled and the trophies are engraved, you should take a look at “Anora” and see just how sturdy it is as a Best Picture winner.
With the Primetime Emmy Awards deadline coming on May 31, a rush of new seasons of shows are hitting networks and streaming platforms.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.