18 editor-approved products worthy of your consideration. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

As much of a cliché as it is, I can't help but see the new year as a time to reflect. While most people tend to double down on new healthy habits, I, being the beauty fanatic that I am, like to use January to take stock of my skincare and makeup routines. That means going through my hefty collection, keeping what works, and tossing what didn't. That also means giving myself a chance to try something new—it is the new year after all. But the problem with trying something new is you'll never know how you'll like it, which is why always I turn to a sale for eye-catching products at a discount. Thankfully I don't have to wait long to treat myself as luck would have it, Dermstore is throwing one heck of a sale.
Here's the deal: From now until January 31 Dermstore is offering up to 40 percent off over on over 500 products. To sweeten the deal even further, you can use the code EXTRA10 for an extra 10 percent off, plus you can get two free gifts (which include my personal favorite Sunday Riley Vitamin C serum) with purchases of over $200. Considering just how good this sale is, it'll be difficult not to reach that total.
When I say this sale is good, I really mean good. Dermstore's sale has products from our favorite haircare brands like Oribe and Olaplex for 35 percent off, fan-favorite sunscreens on sale, and a ton of holiday gift sets that are now an even better deal. So whether you're dying to try a game-changing beauty gadget or you're ready to dive into the world of retinol creams, there's something new and on sale for you at Dermstore.
If you've never washed your face with a FOREO brush before, allow me to inform you that it is game-changing. This handy little gadget uses soft pulsating silicone bristles to expertly remove grime, oil, and makeup. What's more, is that this brush goes hand-in-hand with FOREO's app to analyze your skin and provide recommendations on how to improve your skincare routine. 
Olaplex has long been a favorite among fashion editors for their bond repairing technology. This little kit has everything you need to see what all of the hype is about. It includes travel sizes of their repairing shampoo and conditioner, plus their moisturizing mask and two of their best-selling at-home treatments. You'll be well on your way to better hair days with this all-in-one routine. 
I'm sure you know Oribe as the cult-favorite hair brand, but this collection proves their body care line is just as good. In this lavish gift set, you get a body wash, body creme, and perfume all in the brand's Côte d'Azur fragrance, a light citrusy scent with notes of lemon, black currant, jasmine, and sandalwood. Oils including sweet almond, jojoba, and meadowfoam also ensure your skin is deliciously soft and hydrated. Dare I say this would make a great Valentine's Day gift? 
Why go through all of the trouble of booking a facial at the spa when you can get just as good of results at home with this set? From Lancer's exfoliating Method Polish and Caviar Lime Acid Peel to the plumping Ultra Hydrating Serum, this set covers all of the bases you would normally get from a professional facial. I'm personally obsessed with the Caviar Lime Acid Peel and use it every single week for skin refresh. 
I have to admit: I'm a sucker for a good sample set and this one is especially good. Usually there's one or two products that are meh, but each and every one of the 11 deluxe samples is a hit. From cleansers and moisturizers to eye creams and sunscreen, every base of your skincare routine is covered so you're bound to find a new favorite. Some standouts include Olaplex's No.9 hair serum, Paula's Choice Daily Hydrating Fluid suncreen, and 111SKIN's Celestial Black Diamond Eye Mask. 
The bane of my existence are bikini bumps—no matter how careful I am with shaving, they always seem to crop up. After discovering these exfoliating pads however, I've finally been able to fight back. These pads have dramatically decreased razor burn and bumps along my bikini line and I've noticed fewer and fewer with every use. This set also comes with a body scrub to help prevent bumps on larger areas of your body, too. 
While this isn't technically beauty-related, I'll never pass up the opportunity to score a NEST candle on sale, and neither should you. These candles have the most luxurious scents, not to mention they work as great home decor, too. I've been loving this particular scent for the cold winter months as its warm and cozy with a touch of spicy sweetness. 
I live and die by Stila's Stay All Day waterproof eyeliner—true to its name, the liner does not budge even if you bawl your eyes out. So, you better believe I was excited when I came across this gift set. It comes with the brand's best-selling eye products including my favorite eyeliner, a pencil eyeliner (which is perfect for smokey eyes and lasts just as long as the liquid version, but the way), mascara, and a brow pencil. 
No matter how you shake it, sunscreen is a must in your skincare routine, but finding one that works well under your makeup is easier said than done. That's where this Peter Thomas Roth find comes in. This clear gel is invisible on the skin and has a grippy primer-like feel so your makeup layers flawlessly. 
There's nothing I hate more than hairspray that leaves your hair hard and crunchy (you know the feeling). You won't have that problem with this hairspray, however. It holds your style together with a soft, touchable feel—you can even brush through your hair with this in! This is also the ideal pick for those with color-treated hair as it protects against color fading from heat and UV rays. 
If there's two things every skincare routine needs it's SPF and a great cleanser to remove makeup. Thankfully, this set has both. First off, it contains a full size of the brand's Pro-Collagen Cleansing Balm, a major favorite among beauty editors for removing makeup and leaving skin soft while doing so. It also has a full-size Pro-Collagen Marine Cream, which works to reduce fine lines with the added bonus of SPF 30. 
As someone who is a bit hopeless when it comes to eyeshadow, I need a product that lays it all out for me like this palette. The three shades perfectly complement each other to create a multidimensional eye look that's easy to create. Simply use the lightest shade all over, the second deepest shade to add depth in the crease, then the darkest shade to smoke out your outer corner. Have your pick from this pretty palette of golden browns, pink tones, or smokey taupes. 
It seems I can't scroll for more than five minutes without coming across a beauty influencer raving about brown mascara and I'm here for it. The shade is so flattering on fairer skin tones or those with lighter hair color, plus it provides less of a stark effect than black. This fan-favorite mascara is loved for its smooth, non-clumpy application, and volumizing effect. If brown isn't your vibe, there's classic black available, too. 
There's no better time to try out a new concealer than when one is on sale. This pick from Jouer Cosmetics has nearly all five stars and it's not too hard to see why. It provides full coverage yet has a lightweight texture, plus it includes hyaluronic acid and resveratrol to hydrate and smooth the skin. Reviews also say it's great for the under eyes and lasts all day. 
There's no better ingredient than retinol to bust wrinkles, which is why this eye cream is a no-brainer if you're wanting to tackle signs of aging around your eyes. A formula with 1.5 percent retinol slowly releases over time, minimizing irritation but still maxing out results. Other hero ingredients include caffeine and squalane to brighten and hydrate the eye area, resulting in an overall more youthful appearance. 
In 2024, we're prioritizing sun protection in our skincare, if you haven't been already. This top-rated sunscreen has an airy-light texture, so you won't mind putting it on every day. It also gets bonus points for including antioxidants and niacinamide in the formula, which protects against free radicals and boosts skin's radiance. Reviews say it works well under makeup, too. 
Once it hits December, my skin is dry as can be. So dry that my normal day-to-day skincare routine doesn't cut it. That's where this serum comes in. This serum is packed with hyaluronic acid to give your skin a much-needed moisture boost. I love how it never leaves my skin feeling oily and it's incredibly easy to incorporate with your other serums and products. 
If you crave that kind of silky smooth locks all of your favorite celebrities seem to have, this product can help get you there. A few spritzes of this on damp hair will ensure you stay frizz-free for up to 48 hours. Reviews say it's the perfect consistency, too: lightweight, non-greasy, and quick-absorbing. You can even use this as a detangler on wash days!
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Brooke Knappenberger is the Associate Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she specializes in crafting shopping stories—from sales content to buying guides that span every vertical on the site. She also oversees holiday coverage with an emphasis on gifting guides as well as Power Pick, our monthly column on the items that power the lives of MC’s editors. She also tackled shopping content as Marie Claire's Editorial Fellow prior to her role as Associate Commerce Editor. 
She has over three years of experience writing on fashion, beauty, and entertainment and her work has appeared on Looper, NickiSwift, The Sun US, and Vox Magazine of Columbia, Missouri. Brooke obtained her Bachelor's Degree in Journalism from the University of Missouri’s School of Journalism with an emphasis on Magazine Editing and has a minor in Textile and Apparel Management.

She one hundred percent pulls them off.


From '00s favorites to short-lived hidden gems.


The late Queen found the dictator and his wife "so objectionable, so charmless, she had absolutely nothing to say to them."


Expensive and healthy-looking hair on lock.


Time to get naked (lips).


Great things *do* come with small price tags.


Flare-ups are a thing of the past.


Is soaking in 50 degree water actually good for you?


Save this Georgie Eisdell-approved technique for your next major event.


Features
Peach lips and top knots are the biggest trends of the night.


Make your cherry cola shade last.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.