This pre-Grammys look is one for the ages
There's no denying it, the past twelve months have *really* been Ice Spice's year. The Bronx-born rapper first broke through with the viral TikT0k success of her 2022 single "Munch (Feelin' U)" but really got into her musical stride throughout 2023, collaborating with the likes of Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj and PinkPantheress and dropping her first EP.
Her fashion has also been majorly iconic throughout the past year - rocking a see-through black LBD and thong, a striped skin-tight catsuit with major Beetlejuice energy, and repping a knitted mini dress for a night out with Doja Cat. 
And, now, she's nominated for a whopping four Grammys at the 2024 ceremony - which will take place later tonight. In the interim, however, she's given fans a taster of the major fashion she's getting ready to serve at the prestigious awards show.
At the pre-Grammys Clive Davis Gala, on 3 Feb, she rocked a sleek, form-fitting, asymetric black dress. And if this outfit is any indication, then the cutout trend won't be disappearing any time soon.
Specifically, Ice's look featured a major cutout at the sternum and stomach and the rapper appeared to have opted to go bra-free under the ensemble, leaving her chest completely uncovered. The dress also featured a huge leg slit that left her right leg completely bare from the foot up to the hip.
Whatever the outcome of tonight's Grammys, we know that Ice Spice will always be a winner - especially in the fashion stakes.
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.