This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
The 66th annual Grammy awards celebrate the best in music. Taylor Swift could make history and become the first artist to win album of the year four times with her "Midnights" catalog. Trevor Noah hosts for the fourth consecutive year at the Crypto.com Arena.
Covered by: Tracy Wright and Breana Scheckwitz
Trevor Noah is hosting the Grammy awards for the fourth time. The former "The Daily Show" host is also nominated for best comedy album.
SZA is the most nominated artist with nine Grammy nominations for her album "SOS."
Phoebe Bridgers and Victoria Monét each have seven nominations.
Taylor Swift could become the first artist to win album of the year four times with her "Midnights" catalog.
Fast, 24/7 alerts delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe to be in the know of the most important moments around the world.
By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
incoming update…
Coverage for this event has ended.
Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Taylor Swift took home album of the year while Billie Eilish won song of the year at the Grammy awards on Sunday night.
Swift made history as the first person to win album of the year four times as "Midnights" took home the top award.

"I love it so much. It makes me so happy," Swift said while accepting the Grammy. "All I want to do is keep doing this. Mindblown. Thank you so much."
Earlier in the evening, Swift announced the release date of her new album, "Tortured Poets Department."
"I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I've been keeping from you for the last two years which is that my brand new album comes out April 19," she told the crowd while accepting the Grammy award for best pop vocal album.
Continue reading the complete 
Grammy award winner's list here.
Fox News Digital's Lauryn Overhultz contributed to this report.
Billie Eilish (Getty Images)
Billie Eilish expressed gratitude after receiving the Grammy award for "What Was I Made For?" from the "Barbie" soundtrack.
"As a woman, sometimes it feels like you're not being seen and I feel this makes me feel very seen and I feel like I, I don't know, sometimes it feels really good to have something to tell you good job," she said backstage following the win.
"The smallest little thing goes a long way. This is not small at all, but I feel very seen and I feel very heard and I did not expect that with this song. I felt when we made it, I was like 'I don't know how much it's gonna translate.'

"I felt kind of outside the box. I felt isolated and in my own world and I really was in a period in my life where I did not feel seen at all and the way people reacted when it came out, was completely blown away by the way I felt understood, and this just goes even farther than that."
Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Taylor Swift earned her fourth album of the year award at the Grammys for her 10th studio album, "Midnights."
Swift previously held the record as the first and only female artist to win the award three times. Frank Sinatra, Paul Simon and Stevie Wonder each have three wins.

"For me, the award is the work," Taylor said while accepting the trophy alongside long-time producer Jack Antonoff and musician Lana Del Rey. 
Earlier in the evening, Swift announced the release date of her new album, "Tortured Poets Department."
"I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I've been keeping from you for the last two years which is that my brand new album comes out April 19," she told the crowd while accepting the Grammy award for best pop vocal album.
Swift revealed the album artwork on Instagram moments later, and wrote, "All’s fair in love and poetry..."

"This is my 13th Grammy, which is my lucky number," she told the audience. "I don't know if I've ever told you that." She explained that she wanted to celebrate by "telling you a secret that I've been keeping from you for the past two years."
Fox News Digital's Lauryn Overhultz contributed to this report.
Celine Dion and Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Celine Dion surprised the audience at the 66th annual Grammy awards Sunday night as she walked on stage to present the album of the year award to Taylor Swift.
"When I say that I'm happy to be here. I really mean it, from my heart," Dion said.
"Those who have been blessed enough to be here at the Grammy Awards must never take for granted the tremendous love and joy that music brings to our lives and people all around the world."
Taylor Swift shared a sweet moment with the "My Heart Will Go On" singer backstage, and was pictured giggling with Celine at the Crypto.com Arena.
Dion has largely remained out of the spotlight since revealing a stiff-person syndrome diagnosis in December 2022, a rare neurological disorder that can cause muscle spasms and mobility issues.
Fox News Digital's Lauryn Overhultz contributed to this report.
Meryl Streep, Mark Ronson (Getty Images)
Meryl Streep and her son-in-law, Mark Ronson, joked with each other on stage while presenting the record of the year award at the Grammys.
Ronson is married to Streep's daughter, Grace Gummer.
Jay-Z (Getty Images)
Jay-Z addressed the Grammy Recording Academy's voting members while accepting the Dr. Dre Global Impact A﻿ward Sunday.
After praising Dr. Dre for "all the doors" that he opened in the industry, Jay-Z noted that his wife, Beyoncé has never won album of the year despite being the artist to earn the most wins in Grammy history.
"I don’t want to embarrass this young lady, but she has more Grammys than everyone and never won album of the year," he said.
"So even by your own metrics, that doesn’t work. Think about that. The most Grammys. Never won album of the year. That doesn’t work." 
Jay-Z has earned 24 Grammy awards throughout his career.

Joni Mitchell, Brandi Carlile (Getty Images)
Joni Mitchell performed at the Grammy awards Sunday night in Los Angeles for the first time in her career.
The legendary folk singer, who turned 80 years old in November, performed alongside Brandi Carlile at the Crypto.com Arena.
Mitchell also earned her 10th Grammy award for best folk album.

"Joni just turned 80 my friends, but we all know she's time-less and we're so lucky that history remembers any of us," Carlile said about her pal. "One thing I know for sure is that I will remember we live in the time of Joni Mitchell."
Annie Lennox (Getty Images)
Annie Lennox called for a ceasefire during a tribute to the late Sinéad O’Connor at the Grammy awards Sunday.
Lennox performed “Nothing Compares 2 U,” a song originally recorded by Prince and later O'Connor.
O'Connor died in July of natural causes. She was 56.
At the end of the performance, Lennox raised her left hand in the air and said, “Artists for ceasefire, peace in the world.”
Stevie Wonder, Tony Bennett (Getty Images)
Stevie Wonder sat at the piano and performed alongside a video recording of Tony Bennett to open the Grammy awards in-memoriam presentation.
The "I Left My Heart in San Francisco" singer died in July. He was 96
“Tony, I’m gonna miss you forever. I love you always,” Wonder said.
Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Taylor Swift announced the release date of her new album, "Tortured Poets Department."
"I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I've been keeping from you for the last two years which is that my brand new album comes out April 19," she told the crowd while accepting the Grammy award for best pop vocal album.

Swift revealed the album artwork on Instagram moments later, and wrote, "All’s fair in love and poetry..."
"This is my 13th Grammy, which is my lucky number," she told the audience. "I don't know if I've ever told you that." She explained that she wanted to celebrate by "telling you a secret that I've been keeping from you for the past two years."
Fox News Digital's Lauryn Overhultz contributed to this report.
Lainey Wilson (Getty Images)
Lainey Wilson won her first Grammy award Sunday night at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, Calif.
Wilson said that her album, "Bell Bottom Country," has "truly changed my life."
Following her win, Wilson said she's been in a "whirlwind."

"I've been trying to keep one foot on the ground at all times. I do feel like I've got a lot of people in my life who help me do that," she told Fox News Digital.
"A lot of people who keep me really humble, and that means Facetimes backstage after you win an award with your family, the people who know you, who know the real you. It's been crazy. I mean this last year, we played 180 something shows. We have grinded it out."
Wilson added, "We said we were going to do something, we showed up, and we did it, because that's the kind of person that my momma and daddy raised
. And I know they're very very proud of me tonight."
Fox News Digital's Larry Fink contributed to this report.
Killer Mike (Getty Images)
Rapper Killer Mike was reportedly detained by authorities at the Crypto.com Arena on Sunday where the Grammy awards are being held, according to the Hollywood Reporter. 
The outlet first shared a video of a man being lead through the building in handcuffs, and reported on X that the incident was "a misdemeanor and has nothing to do with anything that happened today here inside the arena. Likely he will be released once it’s sorted" adding a source stated "It’s a big nothing."

“Just after 4 p.m. this afternoon, a male adult was detained by police for a physical altercation that occurred inside the Crypto arena," officials told Fox News Digital. "An individual was handcuffed and removed from the event where he’s currently being questioned by authorities. The identity of that individual will not be provided until an arrest is made and the individual is booked.”
In the pre-show ceremony, Killer Mike won all three categories he was nominated in: best rap song and best rap performance for his song "Scientists & Engineers," and best rap album for "Michael," released in June.
The National Weather Service issued a flash flood warning in Los Angeles, including the downtown area where the Grammy awards are being hosted at the Crypto.com Arena.
Forecasters have predicted the Southern California region may receive up to 15 inches of rain
 on coastal ranges, and 6 feet of snow in the mountains.
California Gov. Gavin Newsom even declared a State of Emergency for several counties in Southern California to support storm response and recovery efforts. 
Tracy Chapman, Luke Combs (Getty Images)
Tracy Chapman returned to the stage for the first time in years to perform her 1988 hit "Fast Car" with Luke Combs at the Grammy awards.
Combs released a cover of Chapman's hit song in 2023.

Kelly Clarkson and Oprah were just a few of the many stars to give the duo a standing ovation at the Crypto.com Arena on Sunday in Los Angeles.
Mariah Carey, Miley Cyrus (Getty Images)
Miley Cyrus earned her first Grammy award on Sunday.
Mariah Carey
 presented Cyrus with the trophy for best pop solo performance for "Flowers," her debut single from her eighth studio album, "Endless Summer Vacation."
Trevor Noah, Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Trevor Noah opened the 66th annual Grammy awards Sunday night with a message to Taylor Swift fans.
The comedian noted that it's "unfair" that the "Midnights" singer receives any backlash for her relationship with Super Bowl bound football player Travis Kelce.
Every time they mention Taylor Swift, I'm gonna get revenge," Noah told the audience before calling out Terry Crewes. "You better fix your face, Terry. No relaxing for you."
Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Taylor Swift arrived in style at the Grammy awards on Sunday in Los Angeles.
The "Cruel Summer" singer sauntered down the red carpet wearing an ethereal white dress with elbow-length black gloves.
Swift may make history tonight and become the first artist to win album of the year four times with her "Midnights" catalog.
Taylor's nominated for a total of six Grammy awards.
Jelly Roll (Getty Images)
Jelly Roll was in his element at the Grammy awards Sunday.
The country star was excited to be around his people, but was certain he wasn't about to receive an award.
"No way I’m winning tonight," he told Fox News Digital on the red carpet.
"We’re here to represent and not win. What I know is more people are excited I'm here than I thought were going to be excited I'm here, so I'm excited I'm here."
Fox News Digital's Larry Fink contributed to this report.
Miley Cyrus (Getty Images)
Miley Cyrus dared to bare on the Grammys red carpet Sunday.
The "Wrecking Ball" singer showed some serious skin wearing an out-of-this-world gold metal dress with a pair of Christian Louboutin for Maison Margiela heels.
Her dark brown hair was teased high into voluminous waves and she emphasized her cheekbones with dark contour.
Cyrus is nominated for six Grammy awards, including album of the year for "Endless Summer Vacation."
Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell (Getty Images)
Billie Eilish
 and brother Finneas O'Connell earned an early Grammy award Sunday at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, Calif.
The duo nabbed the best song written for visual media trophy for "What Was I Made For?" from the "Barbie" soundtrack.
Eilish is up for six awards at the 66th annual Grammys.
Paris Jackson (Getty Images)
Paris Jackson took a different kind of risk on the Grammys red carpet Sunday.
The daughter of late pop icon 
Michael Jackson hid her 80+ tattoos from the spotlight as she stepped out in a belly-baring black Celine gown.
"#CoverFX meant business when they said total cover cream foundation would have me covered," she wrote on Instagram.
Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen (Getty Images)
Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen spoke to Fox News Digital on the Grammys red carpet.
Steenburgen admitted she is a fan of Taylor Swift, telling Fox News Digital, "Taylor is magnificent. We have three little granddaughters that are completely inspired in many wonderful ways by her. So I'm a fan.

"And you know, I write a lot in Nashville where people know her, and she's very much appreciated as being a wonderful person. So I'm all for her."
Fox News Digital's Larry Fink contributed to this report.
Carly Pearce (Getty Images)
Carly Pearce knows a thing or two about music, and football.
Pearce was excited to be at the Grammy awards on Sunday, and told Fox News Digital, "As a songwriter and as an artist, it's just the most incredible honor that you could ever have. And I'm just so proud of the song that I have tonight with Chris Stapleton."

When asked if she's a Kansas City Chiefs fan, Pearce told us "I'm a Swift fan ... I said Taylor Swift was going to the Super Bowl. So yes, I mean, it's awesome!"
As for her advice for Taylor and boyfriend Travis Kelce, Pearce told Fox News Digital, "I can't imagine what it is like to be the two of them, but it seems like they're just being authentic. So I have no advice for the king and queen right now."
Fox News Digital's Larry Fink contributed to this report.
Joni Mitchell 1970 (Getty Images)
It has been an incredible few years for Joni Mitchell. 
The Grammy award-winning singer-songwriter will make her debut performance at the Grammy Awards on Sunday as part of a celebrated return for the 80-year-old following a brain aneurysm in 2015.
The music legend, who already has nine Grammy awards
 to her name and a Recording Academy Lifetime Achievement Award, is nominated for best folk album for her album "Joni Mitchell at Newport [Live]," which was recorded in 2022 during her surprise performance at the Newport Folk Festival in Rhode Island. 
Read more about Mitchell's legacy here.
Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Jelly Roll at the Grammy Awards (Getty Images)
See all the hottest stars walk the Grammys red carpet at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California.
Taylor Swift (Getty Images)
Singer-songwriter Taylor Swift dominated the musical spotlight in 2023 with her Eras Tour and box-office record breaking film “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour.”
She is nominated for six Grammy awards for her record “Midnights:”
Record of the Year - "Anti-Hero"

Song of the Year - "Anti-Hero"
Best Pop Solo Performance - "Anti-Hero"
Album of the Year - "Midnights"
Best Pop Vocal Album - "Midnights"
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance - "Karma" ft. Ice Spice
Taylor Swift may break history with a fourth Album of the Year award for her 10th studio album, “Midnights,” which would make her the artist with the highest number of wins in that category. 
Other artists who could make history tonight are SZA and Billie Eilish. 
Taylor Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce
 of the Kansas City Chiefs is unable to attend the Grammys due to the Super Bowl schedule. Swift also has a busy schedule with the continuation of her Eras Tour and will not be performing at the award show.
Fox News Digital's Breana Scheckwitz contributed to this report.
Kacey Musgraves (Getty Images)
Presenters for the 2024 GRAMMY Premiere Ceremony include country singer Carly Pearce, five-time Grammy winner Jimmy Jam and Molly Tuttle who won the Grammy for Best Bluegrass Album in 2023. 
Presenters for the main broadcast include Kacey Musgraves, who has won six GRAMMY awards, last year’s surprise Grammy winner for Best New Artist Samara Joy and Christina Aguilera. Meryl Streep will also be presenting. She is nominated for Best Audio Book, Narration & Storytelling Recording. Oprah Winfrey and Lenny Kravitz will be presenting the In Memoriam segment introductions. 
The role of the presenter at an awards show is to announce the award, share the meaning behind each award, read the list of nominees and then announce the winner. Presenters have a responsibility to share the correct information throughout the night and maintain a flow to keep the audience’s attention.
Fox News Digital's Breana Scheckwitz contributed to this report.
Joni Mitchell (Getty Images)
The Grammys is an award show, but the star performances are the main attraction. The 66th GRAMMY Awards will showcase new budding artists like Billie Eilish as well as musical legends including Billy Joel.
J. Ivy, Larkin Poe, Pentatonix, Sheila E. and Jordin Sparks will perform an opening number for the 2024 GRAMMY Premiere Ceremony which will take place at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles, CA. Some of the other notable performers for that event include Gaby Moreno, country singer Brandy Clark, gospel singer Kirk Franklin and jazz pianist Robert Glasper. 
Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell will make her Grammy performance debut at the main event following recovery from a debilitating aneurysm that threatened to leave her mute.
Luke Combs and Tracy Chapman will perform “Fast Car.” Chapman’s original version was nominated for 3 Grammy awards in 1989 and won Best Female Pop Performance. Luke Combs’ cover of the song is nominated for Best Country Solo Vocal Performance.
Other performances tonight include Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo and Travis Scott. The award ceremony is held at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, CA.
Fox News' Breana Scheckwitz contributed to this report.
Live Coverage begins here
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.