Put your loving hand out, baby.
Dove Cameron and Måneskin’s Damiano David confirmed their romance over the weekend by making their red carpet debut as a couple at Clive Davis’ annual pre-Grammy Gala.
The actress, 28, and her musician beau, 25, didn’t hold back with the PDA, adorably sharing a smooch at one point as they posed for photographers at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, Calif., Saturday night.
The two continued to flirt and exchange loving gazes at each other before making their way inside the star-studded bash, which was also attended by celebrities like Megan Thee Stallion, Machine Gun Kelly, Lenny Kravitz, Avril Lavigne, Jon Bon Jovi, Lana Del Rey, Shania Twain and Dua Lipa.
Page Six has reached out to reps for Cameron and David for further comment.
Cameron turned heads at the event in a strapless, floor-length corset dress by Salih Balta, completing her look with sleek straight hair, edgy winged eyeliner and dainty jewelry.
Meanwhile, David put on a dapper display in a gray suit jacket and matching slacks, complete with a white dress shirt and black bowtie.
The pair first sparked romance rumors in September 2023 when Cameron was spotted cheering the frontman on at Måneskin’s concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
The “Boyfriend” singer once again showed her support for the rock band (also made up of bassist Victoria De Angelis, guitarist Thomas Raggi and drummer Ethan Torchio) at their show in Brazil in November 2023.
That same month, photos of the two kissing at Bondi Beach in Sydney, Australia, surfaced on social media via Italian magazine Chi.
David was previously linked to model Giorgia Soleri, while Cameron dated her former “Descendants” co-star Thomas Doherty for four years.
“I went through a very public breakup last year, and I was in a really bad place, like a really, really bad place,” Cameron told “Entertainment Tonight” in June 2021 while promoting “LazyBaby,” her new single at the time.
“The breakup f–ked me up,” added the Disney Channel alum, who was previously engaged to “Liv and Maddie” co-star Ryan McCartan. “It was really hard, and I needed something that was going to get me from where I was, in the mourning process, into the other side.”
Aside from the excitement of their new relationship status, Cameron and David have both been busy with their own music projects. The blond beauty released part one of her latest album, “Alchemical: Volume 1,” back in November, while her boyfriend’s band wrapped their “Rush!” world tour last month.
The 66th annual Grammy Awards are airing live Sunday from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on CBS and Paramount+.
Follow Page Six’s live coverage for all the best moments from Music’s Biggest Night, including the best looks from the red carpet, memorable speeches, appearances by Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez and more.
Advertisement