Patrick Mahomes’ dad has been arrested for driving while intoxicated just one week before the Super Bowl. 
Mahomes Sr., who has been arrested at least three times for the same offense, was pulled over by cops in Tyler, Tx., on suspicion of “driving while intoxicated, third or more,” Saturday night. 
His bond was set at $10,000, according to Smith County records seen by Page Six.
TMZ was the first to report the news.
The father of the Kansas City Chiefs quarterback was previously arrested in 2018 and charged with a DWI, the Kansas City Star reported.
He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 40 days in county jail, which he served on weekends from February 2019 until February 2020, the newspaper claimed. 
Mahomes Sr.’s latest arrest comes just eight days before his 28-year-old son takes on the San Francisco 49ers in his fourth career Super Bowl. 
The former MLB player, 53, previously spoke out about attending his son’s playoff games, noting that he didn’t want to sit with Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce’s loved ones — including his pop star girlfriend, Taylor Swift. 
“I hope not,” Mahomes Sr. said on the “Evan & Tiki” WFAN Sports Radio show in January when asked if he planned to sit with Kelce’s friends and family.
“Travis normally has his own thing, and Patrick has his own deal, too,” he went on. 
“But I imagine if Taylor wants her own suite, I think she’s got enough money to get the one she wants.”
Although he wasn’t in the same booth as the “Love Story” singer and Travis’ brother, Jason, at last month’s victorious game against the Buffalo Bills, the father of two still spent some time with the Grammy winner. 
“I hung out with them a little bit after the game, after [the Chiefs] had won,” he explained. 
“Those are some fun guys,” he went on, referencing the viral moment Jason ripped off his shirt and jumped into the crowd below him to celebrate a touchdown. “If you think Jason’s wild, you ought to see Travis.”
Mahomes Sr. went on to describe Travis, 34, as “another son” to him, and called Swift, also 34, very “down-to-earth.”
“I thought somebody that famous — you never know how that’s gonna go,” he admitted.
“So the first time I met her, I walked up to her to introduce myself, and she said, ‘Yeah, I know who you are. I watched the ‘Quarterback’ series. I know you’re [Patrick’s] dad.’”
Advertisement