Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Awards season is in full force — but of all the shows, only one will leave you singing. That, of course, is the Grammys.
The 66th Grammy Awards are set to air on Sunday, Feb. 4. Joni Mitchell, in her first-ever Grammys performance, is set to take the stage along with legends like Billy Joel and U2, and the most-nominated artist of the evening, SZA. 
Also among the performers are Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Travis Scott, Luke Combs, Dua Lipa and Burna Boy. Their red carpet arrivals are already making statements — and moments from the earlier Grammys ceremony are inspiring joy.
Trevor Noah was announced as host back in December. On his podcast, "What Now? with Trevor Noah," Noah said he’s enjoyed moments in the show when things went a little off script.
“I’ll be honest and I know that the producers of the Grammys won’t like this: I like it when something goes off the rails at the Grammys because I’m experiencing it first hand,” the former "Daily Show" host said.
The only way you'll know about those moments, and who wins awards, of course, is by tuning in to watch — though you can see our predictions here. Here's how.
The 66th Grammy Awards air on Sunday, Feb. 4.  
The ceremony spans from 8 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. ET, or 5 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. PT.
The ceremony will air live on CBS. 
If you're looking to stream the ceremony, you have options. First, you can log in to CBS.com using your cable provider. The Grammys will stream on Paramount+, too, with a few distinctions.
Those without a cable subscription should be able to access the ceremony through subscription services like Hulu Live TV, YouTubeTV, AT&T TV and FuboTV, many of which offer a free trial.
Red carpet coverage begins at on E! at 4 p.m.ET / 1 p.m.PT with "Live From E! Countdown to the Grammys," a discussion of the evening. 
The network's red carpet show kicks off at 6 p.m.ET/3p.m. PT with "Live From E!: 2024 Grammys" hosted by Laverne Cox and Heather McMahan.
The Associated Press will also stream a red carpet pre-show on its website, YouTube and X accounts.
SZA leads the pack with nine nominations; Victoria Monet and Phoebe Bridgers trail with seven. See the full list of nominees here, and find some highlights below.
Boygenius — “The Record”
Janelle Monáe — “The Age of Pleasure”
Jon Batiste — “World Music Radio”
Lana Del Rey — “Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd”
Miley Cyrus — “Endless Summer Vacation”
Olivia Rodrigo — “Guts”
SZA — “SOS”
Taylor Swift — “Midnights”
Billie Eilish — “What Was I Made For?”
Boygenius — “Not Strong Enough”
Jon Batiste — “Worship”
Miley Cyrus — “Flowers”
Olivia Rodrigo — “Vampire”
SZA — “Kill Bill”
Taylor Swift — “Anti-Hero”
Victoria Monét — “On My Mama”
Billie Eilish — “What Was I Made For?”
Dua Lipa — “Dance the Night”
Jon Batiste — “Butterfly”
Lana Del Rey — “A&W”
Miley Cyrus — “Flowers”
Olivia Rodrigo — “Vampire”
SZA — “Kill Bill”
Taylor Swift — “Anti-Hero”
Coco Jones
Gracie Abrams
Fred Again
Ice Spice
Jelly Roll
Noah Kahan
Victoria Monét
The War and Treaty
Oprah Winfrey, Meryl Streep, Maluma, Lionel Richie, Christina Aguilera and Lenny Kravitz are among the announced presenters.
Randi Richardson is a reporter for NBC News' TODAY.com based in Brooklyn.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.