Talk about kismet.
A Malaysia-born content creator has gone viral for sharing how she spotted her husband in the background of a selfie she took years before they met.
Jenn Chia was stunned to discover her partner in the image snapped in October 2012 — about 11 years before the pair married and two years before they first connected, Jam Press reports.
“I’m still shaking looking at this,” Chia, 32, wrote on Instagram in December as a caption to the 2012 photo that showed her at a theater cafe holding a glass.
In the background is her husband, Jon Liddell, 33, a Malaysia-raised singer-songwriter who appears to be waiting in line at the box office.
“We were at the same place but didn’t know each other existed,” Chia explained.
She noted that the couple officially met in December 2014 and wed in August 2023.
“We met at the right time,” Chia wrote in the post, which has attracted 452,000 likes as of Sunday.
“If it was before, I don’t think the relationship would have lasted,” Chia continued. “I was a narcissistic monster, unaware and naive.”
She added: “Took me a year of traveling and being single to reflect and realize my own mistakes. That’s when we met.”
Chia is a YouTuber who boasts more than 90,000 subscribers. Before teaching herself videography, Chia wrote music and sang professionally at festivals, weddings, and corporate events.
Born in the UK, Liddell is known for the covers he posts on YouTube and his original music, including the tracks “Here For You” and “The One I’m Thinking Of.”
Chia’s Instagram fans couldn’t believe her chance near-encounter.
“Invisible string theory!!!!” one follower exclaimed, referring to folklore that says that two soulmates who are destined to meet are connected by an invisible thread.
On TikTok, the term is used to describe people who met their soulmate long before they realized it.
Taylor Swift’s 2020 tune “Invisible String” is an anthem for this theory.  
“Isn’t it just so pretty to think, all along there was an invisible string?” another Instagrammer commented on Chia’s post, quoting Swift’s lyrics.
“Goosebumps!” yelled another.
Advertisement