Access National Security News HERE.
Access Korean News HERE.
National Security News Content:
1. Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, February 3, 2024
2. Israel–Hamas War (Iran) Update, February 3, 2024
3. China-Taiwan Weekly Update, February 2, 2023
4. Air and Space Power in the Gray Zone – Irregular Warfare Initiative
5. U.S. Strikes Steer Clear of Iran’s Red Lines
6. New Anti-Ukraine Disinfo Campaign Aims To Bog Down Western Media
7. U.S., U.K. Launch Strikes Against Houthi Targets in Yemen to Protect Red Sea Shipping
8. Xi Jinping is playing deadly games with Myanmar and North Korea
9. Ukraine’s terrifying new drones dealing death from above for Russians
10. The U.S. economy is booming. So why are tech companies laying off workers?
11. US plans ‘Goldilocks’ retaliation that will kill Iranians, but not in Iran
12. Is Washington Writing the Script for the Next Forever War?
13. More than a Century of Antisemitism: How Successive Occupants of the Kremlin Have Used Antisemitism
14. What’s the difference between Army Rangers and Green Berets?
15.  The relentless focus on White Christian nationalism is spreading a racist myth
16.  Joe Biden Is Arming Greece So Greece Can Arm Ukraine—And Pro-Russia Republicans Can’t Stop Him
17. Those Soldiers in Jordan Were Casualties of Bureaucracy
18. Misinformation spreads in China on ‘civil war’ in Texas
19. Red Menace, Black Ops, Green Light
20. Opinion | Relax, MAGA bros — Taylor Swift is not the enemy
21. Russia’s Buddhist Nations Want Ulan Bator To Adopt Compatriots Law To Make It Easier For Them To Move To Mongolia
22. Call For Urgent Action Against Myanmar Military Junta
Korean News Content:
1. U.S. nuclear envoy says no indications of ‘direct’ N.K. military action, stresses ‘sincerity’ in dialogue
2. The US Is Raising Tensions With North Korea
3. N. Korea says it conducted ‘cruise missile super-large warhead power test’
4. Kim Jong Un unveils nuclear ambitions
5. Xi Jinping is playing deadly games with Myanmar and North Korea
6. Trump win likely to pose enormous defense costs, diplomatic challenges to Korea
7. Russian deputy foreign minister visits Seoul amid war of words
8. How North Korean eyelashes make their way to West as ‘made in China’
9. Navy chief visits U.S. naval base housing nuclear submarines
10. 121st anniversary of Korean immigration to US
11. Women, old men in military? Korea debates solutions for looming conscript shortfall
12. North Korea’s rejection of unification emboldened by Russia ties
13. The death of ‘Han’
14. Are North Korea’s Latest Threats Rhetorical Or Real? – OpEd
Unlock exclusive members-only ad-free content, members discussion, content, and updates directly from the SWJ Team, for only $10/yr.
Unlock exclusive members-only ad-free content, members discussion, content, and updates directly from the SWJ Team, for only $10/yr.
SIGN ME UP ￫
"*" indicates required fields