Now 
62
 Sun 
69
 Mon 
72
by JESSICA A. BOTELHO | The National Desk
TOPICS:
LOS ANGELES (TND) — Hip-hop star Jay-Z was seen drinking cognac from his Grammy award following his acceptance speech for the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award.
Videos and photos show the rapper pouring alcohol into the gramophone and taking a gulp.
Jay-Z attended the ceremony Sunday night in Los Angeles alongside his wife, music super star Beyoncé, as well as their 12-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy Carter.
During his acceptance speech, he said his wife, who is the most decorated Grammy artist of all time with 32 wins, should win the "Best Album Award." Beyonce has been nominated for the award four times in the past.
According to Grammy.com, Beyoncé is also the most-nominated female artist in Grammy history, with 88 career nominations.
Jay-Z said he previously boycotted the award ceremony. He said he was a no-show in 1998 after DMX wasn't nominated.
The public spoke out about Jay-Z speech, as well as sipping booze out of the award, on social media. Some said it was the hip-hop artist's way of encouraging The Recording Academy to honor more women and artists of color, while others said it was an insult to Taylor Swift.
On Sunday night, Swift broke the record for most wins in the category. “Midnights” earned Swift her fourth career Grammy for Album of the Year. The win broke a tie with Frank Sinatra, Paul Simon and Stevie Wonder, who each won the honor three times.
“For me, the award is the work,” she said. “All I want to do is keep doing it.”
There was chatter on social media that Swift seemingly didn't acknowledge powerhouse vocalist Céline Dion, who presented the award, and instead celebrated with her collaborators.
But the two posed for photos backstage, with images showing Swift with her arms around Dion.
About year ago, Dion announced she was diagnosed with stiff-person syndrome, a rare neurological disorder. She said she had to reschedule her spring 2023 shows, as well as her Courage World Tour.
The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke defines stiff-person syndrome (SPS) as a rare, progressive neurological disorder. The website notes symptoms might include the following:
_________
EDITOR'S NOTE: The Associated Press contributed to this report.