By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Since tickets to the Super Bowl are a gazillion dollars, you’re likely planning to throw a watch party in the comfort of your own home this weekend. Putting out some finger foods and breaking out the big speakers is a given, but you might as well step it up a little bit this year—I mean, the Kansas City Chiefs are playing, after all. 
While throwing a Taylor Swift Super Bowl party is one option, you can also keep the vibe entirely Chiefs-specific with tons of decorations and merchandise from Amazon. Plus, if you have a Prime Membership, you can count on everything to arrive at your doorstep before the big game, be it this Kansas City Chiefs Party Kit or this football field tablecloth
.

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
This highly curated list is mostly dedicated to last-minute needs, like plates, cups and beyond, but if you’re short on merch to wear, we’ve got you covered in that department as well. Whether you’re looking for more playful jerseys/tees to deck yourself out in or an official Travis Kelce Chiefs jersey, there’s plenty in stock at a variety of places.
Grab everything you need for the most epic Chiefs Super Bowl party ever down below.
The retailer offers a ton of team-dedicated disposable plate options
, including a stack of 24 for the Chiefs. 
What’s Chiefs-themed plates without matching napkins? This 48-count package
 should carry you through the entire game.
Make the whole place shimmer with this set of red and gold foil curtains; they will also make for a great backdrop for photo opps.
Transform your living room into a sea of red with these Chiefs wall posters. They come in a variety of sizes
 (included some framed options) and can easily be used post-Super Bowl.
This banner with printed flags, string and a needle to hang and space as you’d like is a must-have. All flags have pre cut holes for easy stringing. 
Make clean up at the end of the night a little easier on yourself by picking up a pack of these football plastic cups
. You’ll receive 100 of the 16oz cups (perfect for beer and mixed drinks!) 
We’d also recommend grabbing these football disposable serving platters
—each tray measures 11.5 inches in length, 7.5 inches in width and 1.5 inches deep. They’ll be perfect for pigs in a blanket, buffalo chicken dip and an array of desserts. 

 









Want to know a simple way to effectively decorate that takes less than a minute? Throwing a plastic table cover over your furniture. This set of football field design and football pattern prints will add a nice touch. Plus, it’s just $10 for the two of them.
Party favors, anyone? This large set of Chiefs stickers will look great on laptops, water bottles, phones, you name it. Grab a pack of 50 stickers for just $6.
Cheer at every touchdown with this 12-pack of red pom poms.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.