The singer announced the new music during the 2024 Grammys.
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 Travis Kelce is currently preparing for Super Bowl LVIII, but Sunday's big game isn't the only thing on his mind. The doting boyfriend of one Taylor Swift showed his pride for his woman during a press event ahead of the Kansas City Chiefs' matchup against the San Francisco 49ers. After taking home the Grammy for Best Pop Vocal album at the 2024 Grammys this past weekend, the pop star announced she would be releasing a new album titled The Tortured Poets Department on Apr. 19. And in case you were wondering, she has played part of it for her boyfriend (even though fans believe it to be about her relationship and breakup with ex Joe Alwyn).

 “I have heard some of it,” the tight end said last night in Las Vegas, per Deadline. Vegas happens to be the venue of this year's Super Bowl. “It is unbelievable. I can’t wait for her to shake up the world when it finally drops.”

Getty Images
 Kelce was unable to accompany Swift to the Grammys as her plus one because of his football schedule, however, he was able to watch her big wins once the team's plane touched down in Vegas (she also took home the coveted Album of the Year award for Midnights).

 “I was fortunate enough that we landed right in Las Vegas just in time for me to turn on my phone and catch her winning her 13th award and announcing the new album,” he said. “And then obviously the big one at the end, winning Album of the Year for a fourth time. It’s pretty amazing.”

 Kelce added that Swift is “rewriting the history books" with her record-breaking fourth win for Album of the Year. "I told her I need to hold up my end of the bargain and bring home some hardware, too,” he said referring to the famed Lombardi trophy that is handed out to the Super Bowl champs.

 “Taylor has an unbelievable fan base that follows her and supports her throughout her life, and it’s been fun to gather the Swifties and Chiefs Kingdom and open them up to the football world and the sports world," he finished.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)