Manage your account
In just a few short months, Taylor Swift managed to add another season to the traditional fashion calendar: NFL season.
She attended 12 Kansas City Chiefs games after she began dating tight end Travis Kelce last summer, and each appearance became a runway moment.
Fashion blogger Sarah Chapelle, who chronicles Swift’s fashion choices on the popular Instagram account TaylorSwiftStyled, began tracking and sourcing every outfit Swift wore to games. Her new book, “Taylor Swift Style: Fashion Through the Eras,” is due out Oct. 8.
Swift turned miniskirts, vintage sweatshirts, varsity jackets, tall boots and Chiefs jewelry into spectator chic.
“Taylor Swift is no stranger to nailing game day style,” Vogue declared last month. “She’s worn everything from vintage Chiefs merch to cozy red and white beanies.”
The fashion bible said that the buzz Swift generated for football “encapsulates the WAG-influencer effect on steroids.” The cadre of NFL wives and girlfriends will never be quite the same.
Here are the 12 outfits Swift wore to every game she attended. She is expected to show up for her 13th game — her lucky number — at the Super Bowl on Sunday in Las Vegas.
Swift shocked Swifties and football fans when she arrived at her first Chiefs game and watched the action from a suite with Kelce’s mother, Donna Kelce. Fans soon got used to seeing the two women together at games.
Other than a $3,450 Louis Vuitton Camera Box Bag — which fans noted did not adhere to NFL purse regulations — her first game-day outfit was understated.
She paired a white tank top with $192 distressed black denim shorts and accessorized with a Chiefs jacket, a corduroy Ralph Lauren ball cap and New Balance 550 sneakers.
Swift skipped the Chiefs red and opted for chic, edgy black when she took her A-list friends — including Hugh Jackman, Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds — to watch her new boyfriend play.
And thus began the era of Football Fan Fashion (Taylor’s Version).
The crystal-embellished black denim Area shorts she wore, nearly $700 online, sold out. And she wore the first of many Christian Louboutin boots football fans would see her in.
For this “Thursday Night Football” game, Swift wore a Kansas City Chiefs windbreaker from Wear by Erin Andrews. The sportscaster launched her female-focused line of sports apparel to great demand in 2019.
So how did Swift get the jacket? Andrews recently told the “Today” show that after she saw Swift at her first Chiefs game she had her team send Swift a box of apparel, not really thinking “that she’s going to actually put it on,” Andrews said.
She couldn’t believe that Swift wore the jacket to the game.
“I was like, ‘oh my God, I think this is our jacket.’ You know when you see something, but you want it to happen, so maybe you make it up in your mind,” Andrews said. “It sold out, we restocked it, it sold out again.”
Swift wore the sporty jacket over a $3,800 Balenciaga spandex corset top.
“Taylor enjoying various aspects of certain sporting endeavors in a #Balenciaga bustier was not on my 2023 bingo list,” Chapelle noted.
In a low-key pleated skirt and classic 1990 sweatshirt from clothing brand Ellie Mae Vintage (she also wore a short-sleeved Chiefs T-shirt that day), Swift let her jewelry do the talking. Her Juste un Clou necklace by Cartier, shaped like a bent nail, screamed high fashion.
But the $21 friendship bracelet of gold-colored beads with charms of hearts and the number 87, Kelce’s jersey number, foretold that Swift would use these moments in the spotlight to support local businesses.
Randi Mahomes, mother of Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes, gave Swift the bracelet from Joplin jewelry company Erimish.
Swift amped up her coat game with a long, red teddy coat worn over an all-black ensemble in Wisconsin. Google searches for “red coat” soared more than 400% worldwide.
The coat was similar to one Brittany Mahomes had worn to previous games, sparking speculation Swift borrowed it from her new NFL BFF. Chapelle identified it as a $2,400 Stella McCartney coat.
“It’s very fun as we progress deeper into football season that, by extension, we get to see Taylor’s game day fashion change to reflect the actual seasons of the time as well,” the Swift blogger wrote.
Swift figuratively tapped Kansas City’s Westside Storey with a magic wand because the vintage ‘90s Chiefs sweatshirt she wore from the store with a black leather miniskirt and knee-high black boots created a stampede of business.
The shop at 1701 Summit St. sells new and vintage Chiefs gear, and other apparel.
In October, it received an online order from Swift’s marketing team Taylor Nation, owner Chris Harrington told The Star. They wanted five vintage Kansas City Chiefs sweatshirts, each priced at a couple hundred dollars.
The $250 sweatshirt Swift wore to the Bills game was made by sportswear company Legends in the ‘90s. The company “is like a grail in the Chiefs vintage collective community,” Harrington said. “She got pretty rare ones.”
Swift gave the Westside Storey crew even more publicity when she wore a handmade hat crocheted by the store’s social media manager, Kathryn Cacho. It capped an ensemble of a gray Chiefs sweatshirt — source unknown — and a custom plaid miniskirt.
Cacho packed up the box of sweatshirts the store sent to Swift’s team in October and tucked the hat in as a gift. Cacho runs Kut the Knit — @kuttheknit on Instagram — as a side business, selling “vintage knitwear and other cute and eclectic pieces you might find in your grandma’s closet,” she told The Star.
“But I also sell stuff I make. I crochet, knit and tuft. All the pieces are made with secondhand yarn.”
She crocheted Swift’s hat from acrylic yarn from a secondhand store. (“Everything is washed/cleaned before sending out!” she said.)
She described the media attention and orders for the hat that poured in as an “out of body experience.”
By now, plaid schoolgirl skirts were a go-to game fit for Swift.
On Christmas Day she wore a $150 Green Wallace Plaid Inola Skirt from Hill House, currently sold out, with a red Ralph Lauren cable-knit sweater, rip-resistant Sheertex tights, Prada loafers and an $895 “Grizzly” bomber jacket from Guest in Residence, also sold out. (The luxury knitwear brand was founded by Swiftie BFF and model Gigi Hadid.)
She topped off everything with a perky Santa hat emblazoned with Kelce’s number 87.
Billboard dubbed her elegant holiday look “possibly one of her best” game-day outfits. “It also seems that the ‘Midnights’ artist has hopped on the coquette trend as she accessorized the look with Hill House’s Belle Bow (BTW, it’s only $38).”
The white varsity jacket she wore on New Year’s Eve caused a stir because it was almost identical to a jacket Kelce wore the week before. But fans who examined photos closely saw that her jacket was customized with the nickname “Tay-Tay.” 
“Her Chiefs varsity jacket is by the legendary Jeff Hamilton who became best known in the ‘90s for his sports licensing within the NBA and NFL,” Chapelle noted.
“Last week, Travis wore a very similar jacket also by Jeff Hamilton that differs from Taylor’s by its leather collar, cuffs, and hem. In its own way, this feels like a more fashion-forward way to reference Travis’ style, continuing her recent 87-dubbed accessories she’s worn to recent games but in a more ‘his & hers’ sort of way.”
Swift enjoyed a winning coat season. A custom Chiefs coat handsewn by fashion designer Kristin Juszczyk, the wife of 49ers fullback Kyle Juszczyk, went viral.
The oversized red jacket, created from one of Kelce’s No. 87 jerseys, brought Juszczyk national attention that undoubtedly played a role in her finalizing a licensing deal with the NFL. She can now use NFL logos on men’s and women’s apparel.
Now that the Chiefs and the 49ers are facing each other again in the Super Bowl, the question must be asked: What Will Taylor Wear?
Another Juszczyk creation, perhaps, in the spirit of sportsmanship?
Swift wore a one-of-a-kind varsity jacket of Italian boucle to stay warm in cold, snowy Western New York.
The $1,800 jacket was created by L.A. singer/visual artist Kilo Kish as part of a project with one of Swift’s go-to labels, Swedish clothing label Gant. It’s out of stock on Gant’s website.
“We invited three extraordinary artists from New York, London and Paris to reimagine the varsity jacket for our Blank Canvas Project, transforming the quintessential symbol of American Sportswear into wearable works of art,” the company wrote on Instagram, where it posted videos of the artists creating the jackets.
The cream-colored jacket had two large red stars on the front. A red-and-white patch on the right sleeve had flowers and leaves and a postcard saying: “Greetings from Somewhere, USA.”
Kish said she was inspired by “Ivy League culture.”
Once again, Swift’s accessories stole the show. Her Chiefs-red sweater — the $695 “Cozy Crew in Cherry Red” from Guest in Residence, now unavailable — and pleated black miniskirt were low-key compared to everything she’d worn all season.
(Although fans were intrigued by how she expertly walked across the turf in Baltimore for the post-game celebration in Louboutin boots.)
“It’s been fascinating to observe Taylor’s game day fashion evolve from September to now and even more so to see her wear something so utterly non-descript during such a key match like the AFC Championship — a Super Bowl decider game,” Chapelle wrote.
Fans made more of a fuss over Swift’s hair, worn in loose curls, and the red lipstick that didn’t leave a smudge on Kelce’s face when they kissed in front of cameras after the Chiefs won.
And she sent her fans clamoring for yet another piece of jewelry — a $14 ring in the shape of a red football jersey with the number 87, from EB and Co. of Kansas City. It was apparently a gift from Donna Kelce.
Fans also noticed the custom diamond tennis bracelet (starting around $5,600 by @wearbyea x @baublebar) that bore the letters “TNT.” As in Taylor ‘n’ Travis. (Or dynamite?)
“Not only is it very Taylor to wear her heart proudly in this fashion but it’s also very Taylor to execute such a high/low mix here,” Chapelle wrote. “From solid gold forever rings … to custom and classy diamond-encrusted tennis bracelets mixed with pieces by women-owned (or women-designed) and locally-made designers.
“I’ve so loved seeing her continue to underscore her long-standing fashion pillars even into her game day fashion.”