By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Calling all Swifties, the Super Bowl is this weekend, and if you don’t already have a massive package of decorations en route, there’s no better place to order from than Amazon so that you can ensure everything arrives by Super Bowl Sunday. But don’t even think about stressing, because we rounded up the best, last-minute Taylor Swift Super Bowl party decorations to drop into your cart, stat.
Even more, we divided the decorations up between wall, food, photo booth, and table options. You know what they say, go big or go home! This saying especially rings true for an event as big as the Swiftie Bowl.

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
What exactly makes for a fun Taylor Swift Super Bowl party, you might be wondering? Wall decorations like banners and posters can turn any boring, white wall into a cute backdrop for a photo opp. My favorite part: food decorations. This includes cupcake toppers, edible glitter for your Taylor-themed cocktails, football-shaped plates for your Back To Decemburger Sliders, and more.
You most certainly cannot throw a Taylor Swift football party without providing a creative photo booth for your guests. Signs, heart sunglasses, disco balloons, and a Travis Kelce life-size cardbaord cutout are just a few of the ways to go about creating a little photo nook. Secure all of these decorations and trust me, everyone will be jealous of you and your partygoers’ Instagram stories. And last but not least, table decorations. These are the small but significant touches that can even include activities for your fellow Swifties. Think bingo cards and friendship bracelets. For the folks like me who might not understand football all too well (*nudge, nudge*), these activities will be a godsend during the big game.
Now that you have a plan of attack for your Taylor Swift Super Bowl party, it’s time to put this last-minute plan into action and load up your Amazon cart so that you can root for the Chiefs in style. If you have a Prime membership, even better, since it offers faster shipping options that’ll ensure a smooth and on-time setup.
If I were to throw a Taylor Swift Super Bowl party, I’d start with wall decorations
. These hanging football banners will definitely do the trick.
Photo opps are a must at any Super Bowl party, especially a Taylor Swift-themed one. There’s nothing more fitting than red and yellow tinsel curtains
 to tape onto the wall or in a doorway.

 









A Travis and Taylor Eras poster is an absolute essential for your Super Bowl bash. In fact, it should probably be the first thing guests see when they walk into the room (*wink, wink*).
I know a Super Bowl party is meant for celebrating football, but there’s no problem with spotlighting all of Taylor Swift’s albums with the help of these gorg banners.
Of course your Super Bowl party needs some fun paper goods like this set of 50 football plates
! What else is going to hold all of your sliders, queso, and cookies?
If you have football-themed plates, you’d better have cups to match. This set of 100
 is just dying to be filled to the brim with Taylor-inspired refreshments.
If you weren’t planning on serving popcorn at your Super Bowl party, well, now you are. Get creative and turn these Taylor Swift paper bags into adorable popcorn containers.
No Taylor-inspired cocktail is complete without a pinch of edible glitter
, am I right? Pick from the 17 color options to quite literally make your whole drink shimmer.

 









Speaking of a designated area to take pictures, why not add in these photo booth props
? The set of 10 comes with Chiefs-colored signs that say things like “Loving Him Was Red,” “87+ + 13 = 100,” and more.
Didn’t I say you’re going to make the whole place shimmer on Super Bowl Sunday? These disco ball necklaces
 will help you get there.
Don’t forget to lay out some heart-shaped sunglasses
 for all of your fellow Swifties! You can watch the game in style and twin with your friends in photo opps.
Keeping with the disco ball decorations, these sparkly balloons
 will look so good against the rest of your red, white, and gold decorations. Line a hallway or walkway in your home with these balloons and it’ll almost feel like the tunnels football players walk out of.
If you really want to go all out and get a laugh out of your guests, don’t think twice about ordering this Travis Kelce life-size cardboard cutout. It could greet your friends at the front door or pose in the photo booth area (or both!).

 









Swifties sure do know how to make fab friendship bracelets
. String some together to complete your own Super Bowl outfit and consider leaving the set out for your guests so they can craft their own accessories. $10 is a small price to pay for over 6,000 beads and the tools you’ll need to make the bracelets.
Super Bowl parties are bound to be more entertaining when games are involved, so cop these clever bingo cards from Amazon
. Even better, incentivize guests with a Taylor Swift-themed prize for the winner.
There’s nothing better to help set the mood at your Super Bowl party than a Chiefs candle
. If you’re big on manifestation, perhaps lighting it will increase the Kansas City football team’s odds—you never know.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.