(Gray News) - Taylor Swift is threatening legal action against a college student who tracks her jet, as well as the jets of other wealthy people, according to Bloomberg.
“You have engaged in stalking and harassing behavior, including consistently publishing real-time and precise information about our client’s location,” a lawyer for Venable LLP said in a Dec. 22 letter to Jack Sweeney, Bloomberg reports. “While this may be a game to you or an avenue that you hope will earn you wealth or fame, it is a life-or-death matter for our client.”
A copy of the letter was obtained by Bloomberg.
Sweeney uses public data from the Federal Aviation Administration to track the private jets of wealthy individuals and estimate their carbon emissions on his website and X, formerly known as Twitter.
Swift has recently been scrutinized for her private jet use and the amount of carbon that is used.
In 2022, she was number one on a list of the biggest carbon dioxide polluters. According to a study by digital sustainability consultancy Yard, Swift emitted 8,293.54 tons of carbon dioxide, about 1,184.8 times more than the average person per year.
Swift, who is scheduled to perform four shows in Tokyo this week is expected to be in Las Vegas on Sunday to watch Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce play in the Super Bowl. The route is 19,400 miles by private jet and could release more than 100 additional tons of carbon dioxide, according to the Associated Press.
In a statement obtained by Bloomberg, Sweeney said Swift’s jet will be tracked “whether or not I do it.”
“After all it is public information,” he said in the statement.
A spokesperson for Swift told Bloomberg that she “purchased more than double the carbon credits needed to offset all of her travel” before she started her Eras Tour.
This is not the first time Sweeney has clashed with the people he tracks.
After X, formerly known as Twitter, was acquired by Elon Musk, he suspended Sweeney’s accounts, including the viral @ElonJet, which tracked Musk’s private jet travel, according to AP. Musk has also faced scrutiny for the impact his travel has on the environment.
Copyright 2024 Gray Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved.