Even football fans can admit that the Super Bowl is as much about the food as it is about the game, the halftime show, and the commercials. Snacks for the Super Bowl have been elevated into an art form. You've got your dips, your chips, your wings, your salsas, your spears, your sides . . . the options are endless. And if you're hoping to include some healthy Super Bowl snacks on your game-day menu, we've got you covered. 
Whether you're looking for lighter alternatives to traditional Super Bowl snacks so you don't end up needing a nap before you make your first Taylor Swift spotting, or you're just craving healthy Super Bowl snacks to serve up in addition to the regular nachos and chips, this list of healthy Super Bowl snack recipes has everything you could need to feed an entire arena's worth of football fans. The best part is, this list of healthy Super Bowl snacks aren't based on deprivation. These treats are truly delicious in their own right, and are guaranteed to please whoever you have over (or yourself, if you're watching solo this year). Enjoy!
For a fiber-powered hummus dip, a helping of black bean hummus puts a spicy twist on the traditional flavors you know and love. Black beans are also slightly higher in iron, potassium, magnesium, and vitamin B1 than their chickpea counterparts.

Get the recipe: Spicy Black Bean Hummus
Dairy and refried beans keep traditional seven-layer dip heavy on fat. This lightened-up dip recipe still curbs cravings but with much less fat and far more fiber.

 Get the recipe: Lightened-Up 7-Layer Dip
While there are plenty of vegetarian options, sometimes the mood strikes for something a little heartier. In this healthy chili recipe, substituting ground chicken for beef brings the same traditional flavors and textures of the warming dish you crave — just lightened up for your diet.

Get the recipe: Chicken Chili

For a version that doesn't compromise on flavor or texture — but cuts back on the fat — cook up these baked buffalo wings. Skip the frying, pop them in the oven, and focus on enjoying the game.

Get the recipe: Baked Buffalo Wings

Beet-mint yogurt dip is just as tasty as it is pretty. Greek yogurt keeps it light, while garlic and beets give the dip a savory and satisfying taste.
Get the recipe: Beet-Mint Yogurt Dip

Much like other healthy spinach dips, this recipe uses nonfat Greek yogurt, but the surprise is the addition of fresh, chopped watercress — high in vitamins A and C. Serve the dip with a batch of gluten-free flaxseed crackers, which are high in fiber and easy to make instead of buy.
Get the recipe: Spinach Dip With Flaxseed Crackers

Throw your guests a twist by serving this recipe for sweet potato hummus. Full of iron, vitamins, and protein, it's sure to keep them full until the end of the game.

Get the recipe: Sweet Potato Hummus

Packed with protein, edamame is traditionally steamed in the pods and lightly salted, but you can impress your guests with roasted edamame instead. One serving offers 3.5 grams of fiber and 8.9 grams of protein.

Get the recipe: Dry Roasted Edamame With Black Sesame Seeds

For a healthy twist on a dip usually loaded with calories, try this low-calorie kale ricotta dip. At only 24 calories per quarter-cup serving, it's practically guilt-free and tastes great with sliced veggies or baked pita chips.

Get the recipe: Kale Ricotta Dip

We highly suggest that you make a huge batch of these brussels sprouts chips because they won't last long otherwise. With such a satisfying savory crunch, no one will ever guess that these chips are actually good for them.
Get the recipe: Roasted Brussels Sprouts Chips

Who says your appetizer has to be savory? For a sweeter bite-size predinner nibble, make these honey roasted cinnamon chickpeas. High in protein and fiber, chickpeas offer a satisfying crunch when roasted, so they make a delicious twist on the basic bowl of nuts normally served.

Get the recipe: Honey Roasted Cinnamon Chickpeas

These potato chips are baked, not fried, and because they're made with sweet potatoes, they're also a crunchy way to get your daily dose of vitamin A.
Get the recipe: Sweet Potato Chips

With fewer than 155 calories per serving (including the creamy and spicy chipotle-pepper dip!) and lots of vitamin A, these crisp and satisfying wedges are perfect to bake up the next time you're jonesing for some french-fried goodness.
Get the recipe: Spicy Sweet Potato Fries

You'll never buy the jarred stuff again! This smoky chipotle-tomatillo salsa is made with just a handful of clean ingredients like chipotles in adobo, garlic, and cilantro.
Get the recipe: Chipotle-Tomatillo Salsa

Give your party a tropical kick with this baked coconut shrimp recipe. Typically served with a sweet and spicy sauce, this version is paired with something a little creamier and with less sugar. The dip also uses protein-packed Greek yogurt.

Get the recipe: Baked Coconut Shrimp
Full of fiber and healthy fats, traditional guacamole is a healthy snack that we love. But sometimes, we swap in this version, which adds Greek yogurt to the base to pump up the protein content and keep snackers fuller for longer.

Get the recipe: Healthier Guacamole

Crispy on the outside yet soft on the inside, these cauliflower bites are the closest a vegetarian will get to a "real" buffalo wing experience.

Get the recipe: Crispy Cauliflower Buffalo Wings

For a healthier take on classic onion dip, try this version that's made with Greek yogurt. The recipe calls for homemade chips and dip and can be made the night before your event.

Get the recipe: Baked Cracked-Pepper Potato Chips With Onion Dip

Forget the fryer; opt for baked mozzarella sticks for your next party. Yes, they're pale — but we promise the taste is on point. Add a little fresh tomato sauce to the side, and you're set.

Get the recipe: Baked Mozzarella Sticks

This spicy low-carb snack is rich in vitamins with the right amount of heat for spice-lovers.

Get the recipe: Seaweed Snacks

All you need is one ripe avocado, hummus, a lime, some sea salt, and a little fresh cilantro for this irresistibly creamy avocado hummus.

Get the recipe: Avocado Hummus
Brussels sprouts are the star of the show in this side, but it also contains caramelized onion, garlic, and a sprinkle of pine nuts and parmesan cheese on top. Yum!
Get the recipe: crispy olive oil fried Brussels sprouts
If it sounds like a strange combo, give it a chance. The tangy strawberries and balsamic vinegar are the perfect fresh burst for this take on bruschetta.

Get the recipe: strawberry tomato bruschetta
Simple and light — and a sure-to-be favorite. How could you say no to easy-to-prepare finger fare? These caprese skewers are made with tomato, mozzarella, and basil, and their simplicity is genius. They're super light, so if you're looking to feed two people, it's best to make about five to six skewers so you can both indulge. 

Get the recipe: caprese skewers
The secret ingredient in this nutrient-packed salsa? Spicy bread and butter pickles.
Get the recipe: pineapple pickle salsa
Hummus, pesto, cucumber, and feta fill this layered dip, creating a healthy addition to your Super Bowl snack table. 
Get the recipe: Mediterranean layered dip
It's full of fiber, and takes just 15 minutes to throw together.
Get the recipe: black bean and corn salsa
Hint: these spears are best when fresh out of the oven.
Get the recipe: baked zucchini with parmesan and thyme
The base of this dip is raw cashews instead of sour cream.  
Get the recipe: vegan french onion dip