By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	The Venn Diagram between Swifties and football fans has rapidly grown this past NFL season, with the climax of this culture-defining moment finally taking place this weekend during Super Bowl LVIII. Travis Kelce‘s Chiefs will take on the San Francisco 49ers at Las Vegas’s Allegiant Stadium, where Taylor Swift will undoubtedly be in attendance (if she can make it back from Japan in time…).

	Whether you plan on attending the Big Game in person (find Super Bowl LVIII tickets here) or, like most people, are planning to watch the action live from home (Paramount+ is this year’s exclusive Super Bowl streamer), you’ll want to be prepped with all the best merch, clothing and decorations to cheer on your favorite players (and girlfriends…).

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Zombie Horror Unleashed: Netflix Southeast Asia Unveils 'The Elixir' and 'Ziam'		
			








	Below, check out everything you need throw the best Swiftie-Super Bowl watch party:

	The classic Chiefs logo is Swiftie-fied in this classic red crewneck, nodding to Kelce and Swift’s fairy ale romance. This a must for those counting down the minutes until Swift makes her on-field appearance after the game. 

	Keep your beverages cool with these personalized can coolers made specifically for the “Swiftie Bowl.”

	It’s Taylor’s world and Travis is just in it… For the newfound NFL fans who didn’t know the Chiefs, let alone Kelce, six months ago — this Eras Tour-style crewneck is for you. 

	The perfect backdrop to any Swiftie Super Bowl watch party. 

	It wouldn’t be a Swiftie Super Bowl party without friendship bracelets, commemorating Kelce’s famously adorable attempt to ask Swift out at the Eras Tour a few months back. 

	This beanie set is the perfect accessory to wear with a pal that’s watching the Super Bowl for a completely different reason than you — whether you’re a tried and true Kansas City Fan or, as the beanie states, “Just here for Taylor.”

	Yes, you can buy the exact necklace Swift was spotted wearing while celebrating with Kelce on the field after the Chiefs’ win last weekend.  The BaubleBar’s ‘Chiefs Necklace’ from the WEAR by Erin Andrews collection, available on the BaubleBar website for only $44, is part of the brand’s exclusive NFL Collection. Check out more of the jewelry Swift has worn to Chiefs games here. 

	










	You get the best of both words with this adorable crewneck, designed with the words “Kansas City Swiftie” and the Chiefs logo. 

	Honor how Kelce attempted to make his first move on Swift at the Eras Tour (a friendship bracelet with his number on it) with this adorable custom-made garland, which you can personalize with your own words. 

	For the real Chiefs fans, who may or may not have had Swift in their Spotify Wrapped, is the official No. 87 jersey from the NFL Shop. 
The Business of Entertainment