Taylor Swift issued a cease and desist to a college student who was tracking her private jet.
The Washington Post reports that Jack Sweeney, who attends the University of Central Florida, was told in December to stop posting the whereabouts of the singer’s PJ or he would face legal action.
In addition to having a general page that tracks celebrity jets, Sweeney had also set up the social media page, @taylorswiftsjets, which shared the location and times of Swift’s plane, using public data from the FAA and other data he collected from amateur sources online.
Followers recently noticed the Instagram account had been disabled—now it’s clear why. In the cease and desist, Swift’s attorneys cautioned Sweeney that they would "have no choice but to pursue any and all legal remedies" unless he stopped his "stalking and harassing behavior."
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Taylor Swift's New Album Title Has Fans Bringing Up Her Ex Joe Alwyn's Group Chat Name
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Travis Scott Vents Over Never Winning During "FE!N" Grammys Performance: 'They Slept on Me 10 Times!'
music | BY Mark Elibert
Killer Mike Handcuffed for Alleged Misdemeanor Immediately After Winning 3 Grammys
Her team was worried about her safety: "While this may be a game to you, or an avenue that you hope will earn you wealth or fame, it is a life-or-death matter for our Client." The letter added that there was, "No legitimate interest in or public need for this information, other than to stalk, harass, and exert dominion and control."
Sweeney didn’t take the letter in stride, directing his lawyers to tell her team that he hadn’t broken any laws and had been only reporting data that was available to the public. It seems like he’s blocked from making any new Swift-specific pages due to platforms' privacy rules.
It seems that the lawsuit hasn’t yet been filed.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.