He’s got it covered.
Christian McCaffrey said he “had to nix” fiancée Olivia Culpo paying for a Super Bowl 2024 suite for his family.
“She tried to but I will not let anybody pay to watch me play. I had to nix that,” he told Extra during the Super Bowl LVIII Opening Night event at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on Monday.
The San Francisco 49ers running back’s comments come days after his mom, Lisa McCaffrey, claimed she and Cuplo were unable to secure a suite for Sunday’s big game because they were too expensive.
“We looked into a suite and none of us can afford it,” Lisa revealed on her “Your Mom” podcast last Friday. 
“Not even Christian, money bags over there — nor money bags Olivia.”
Lisa added, “So, we are not in a suite. I’ll tell you that right now.”
The mom of four said she was able to “negotiate” a reserved area to watch her son and his team take on the Kansas City Chiefs along with eight tickets. 
With ticket prices being so expensive, Lisa said her NFL star son’s “best friends” would watch him play at a nearby bar and meet up with him afterward.
“Long story short, they are outrageously expensive … I don’t know if it’s the Taylor Swift factor, I don’t know if it’s the first time in Vegas factor, there is just so much going on,” she explained.
The news came as a shock to fans, seeing as though Christian, 27, makes about $12 million per season, excluding sponsorships, and his fiancée, whom he proposed to last April, is also worth millions.
After Lisa’s comments went viral, the “Culpo SIsters” star, 31, announced that she was planning to surprise her future mom-in-law with a suite at the stadium for her birthday, which falls on Feb. 6, five days before the Super Bowl game.
“Fake news!” she wrote alongside Lisa’s quote. “Happy birthday Lisa I bought you a suite.”
While it’s unclear which expensive suite Culpo purchased, Christian seems to have swooped in to cover the tab. 
As the big game draws near, the NFL star got candid about how much his wife-to-be has “sacrificed” for him to make it to the Super Bowl this year.
“She’s sacrificed so much — and I think all the wives do — but it’s tough, especially in season. A lot of late nights, a lot of time at the facilities,” he told reporters Monday, per People.
“She obviously is so successful in the world right now in her career, and to see her support me the way she does it means the world to me … and hopefully I can return the favor.”
Advertisement