This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Welcome to Fox News’ Politics newsletter with the latest political news from Washington D.C. and updates from the 2024 campaign trail. 
What's Happening? 
- Report on Biden classified docs probe is chock-full of juicy revelations… Get the latest updates
- Trump reacts to Biden classified docs report, Republicans blast ‘double standard’
- Supreme Court arguments in effort to block Trump from ballot
President Biden is skipping the Super Bowl Sunday interview for the second straight year. (Screenshot/Biden speech)
Special Counsel Robert Hur described President Biden as a "sympathetic, well-meaning, elderly man with a poor memory," and said he would bring no criminal charges against the president despite finding evidence he "willfully" retained and disclosed classified materials. 
Despite the lack of an indictment, plenty of people are calling the report highly damning of the president's mental state. Biden could not recall when his son Beau died, or the year he left the vice president's office, in interviews with the special counsel.
Hur determined that charges weren't warranted, despite the potential that some documents could have "risked serious damage to America's national security."
The special counsel "also considered that, at trial, Mr. Biden would likely present himself to a jury, as he did during our interview of him, as a sympathetic, well-meaning, elderly man with a poor memory." 
"It would be difficult to convince a jury that they should convict him—by then a former president well into his eighties—of a serious felony that requires a mental state of willfulness."
'AM I STILL VICE PRESIDENT?' Biden blames failing memory during Special Counsel probe on Israel War …Read more
‘UNFIT’: Congress reacts to special counsel report on Biden classified docs …Read more
TRUMP REACTS: Trump demands Special Counsel Smith 'immediately' drop charges ...Read more
FIGHT GOES ON: Senate advances Ukraine-Israel aid bill in first procedural vote …Read more
REMOVAL REGRET: Gaetz says George Santos ‘never missed more’ following failed Mayorkas ouster …Read more
ETHICS COMPLAINT: Marjorie Taylor Greene hits Trump DA Fani Willis with ethics complaint …Read more
'TRANSFORMING OUR SOCIETY': AOC declares victory in Green New Deal fight …Read more
CIVIL WAR: Johnson reverses course on divisive Senate endorsement after GOP blowback …Read more
The November interview marked Trump’s first time speaking to America’s largest Spanish-language network since he famously kicked Univision anchor Jorge Ramos out of a 2015 campaign event.  (AP Photo/Yuki Iwamura)
LIVE UPDATES: Supreme Court hears Trump ballot oral arguments …Read more
'BELIEVER' IN DEMOCRACY: Trump says he's a 'believer' in the Supreme Court after oral arguments in Colorado ballot case …Read more
'IT'S UNCONSCIONABLE': Senate candidate and former Navy SEAL sounds off on ‘soft-on-crime DAs’ …Read more
'EVERYBODY HATES YOU': Nikki Haley releases parody video reading 'mean tweets' from online users, GOP rival …Read more
SUPREME SKEPTICS: Justices question reasoning behind Colorado decision to bar Trump from ballot …Read more
NEW MEXICAN TAXES: New Mexico bill to lower income taxes and cap investment tax break advances …Read more
ABORTION ABORTED: Republican-led, pro-abortion campaign to amend Missouri Constitution dies …Read more
PAY DAY: Hunter Biden was paid $100K a month by Chinese energy firm, ex-associate testified …Read more
'INCENTIVIZE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION': Dems in this state are pushing to expand state-funded insurance to illegal immigrant children …Read more
KILLER PLAN: Virginia assisted suicide bill poses ‘deadly harm’ to 'most vulnerable,' bishops warn …Read more
WILDEST DREAMS: Dems hope Taylor Swift will promote their agenda during Florida concerts …Read more
Subscribe now to get Fox News Politics newsletter in your inbox.
Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more on FoxNews.com.
This article was written by Fox News staff.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.