Manage your account
Whether you're far apart or right next to each other, a romantic gesture will always warm your partner's heart.
Writing love notes to your partner is a great way to keep romance alive, Adita Kashyap Mishra, relationship expert at Mood Fresher, tells TODAY.com.
“When you take the time to write a love note to your partner, you are sending a message that you care about them and that you value your relationship,” he says.
“Sharing a love note is a gesture of intimate connection that has never gone out of style. We have seen it in the poetry of millennia, in letters written from the battlefields of war to valentine notes in elementary school,” echoes Jacqueline Connors, LMFT, who elaborates. “The reason is that love notes can convey depths of vulnerability that shows ‘I feel safe with you’ and can increase the bonds of emotionally intimate connections.”
When it comes to matters of the heart, we often tend to take our loved ones for granted. That's why Kashyap Mishra says any (and all) relationships benefit from a love note from time to time.
“We assume that they will always be there for us, no matter what. But the truth is, even the most rock-solid relationships can benefit from a little love note now and then.”
They also help keep the spark alive in your long-term relationship. “In the early stages of a relationship, everything is new and exciting. But as time goes on, it’s easy to let the romance fizzle out,” Kashyap Mishra says. “By writing a love note to your partner, you’re reminding them of the reasons why you fell in love with them in the first place.”
Kashyap Mishra shares three tips for writing love messages for the guy in your life.
A little custom-tailoring goes a long way. “Your love note should be all about your partner. Avoid generic phrases or compliments that could be applied to anyone,” Kashyap Mishra says. “Think about what makes your partner special and unique, and use that as inspiration for your words.”
Rather than simply saying “I love you,” Kashyap Mishra says to try to be more specific about what you love about your partner. “Do you appreciate their sense of humor, their kindness and their strength? Whatever it is, let them know in your note.”
“There’s no need to stick to traditional love note clichés. Get creative with your words and expressions of love,” Kashyap Mishra says. “Write a poem, compose a song or draw a picture. Whatever you do, make sure it comes from the heart.”
With the help of several experts, we compiled a list of the best love messages for him. These sweet words are sure to warm his heart.
I lose my train of thought every time you smile at me. For the guy whose smile makes you weak at the knees, this flirty message will show him how you feel.
You are the embodiment of everything I’ve ever dreamed of in a partner. This message is a great way to tell your guy that he’s the right one for you. You can add more specific details about the qualities you appreciate.
Good morning, love! I hope you have a great and exciting day filled with good moments. Try sending this text to start his day on a good note. “Data from eharmony’s Get Who Gets You campaign shows simple messages like ‘hi’ can appear lazy and may annoy daters,” Minaa B, social worker and author, tells TODAY.com. “Sending something more intentional and meaningful can make someone feel special.”
How dare you enter my life and just bring immense joy into it, sir? Liam Barnett, a dating expert and relationship coach who is behind DatingZest says this lighthearted message tells your partner the impact that they’ve had in your life without being too intense.
Thank you for being there for me when I needed you most. Connors notes that while this message may seem straightforward, it demonstrates “purpose and often a partner wants to feel purposeful and needed.”
I just caught myself smiling about [insert a recent experience or memory]. Thank you for making my day even better. Laurel House, one of eharmony’s relationship experts, says you are validating him by letting him know that he does a good job at making you happy and thinking about him even when you are not with him. “Men want to make you happy. They do. They want to feel appreciated. They want to know that you think about them. And now you have made him think about you too, but not in a needy way,” she says.
You get me excited about what’s possible. “This is a great message because it shows how alive and full of energy the efforts (or attributes) of the partner is instilling in the other,” Connors says.
Your love keeps me grounded. Whenever life is stressful, he's your rock. Let him know how much you appreciate his strength and support.
I’m so grateful to have you in my life. Kashyap Mishra says to opt for the above message instead of something like “I love you more than anything in the world.” This may be true, he says, but it’s best to avoid saying it in a love note. “It may come across as needy or desperate.”
I’m so lucky to be with you. Kashyap Mishra advises an option like this one over “I can’t live without you" since that phrase “may make your partner feel like they have to live up to your expectations.”
I think of you the moment I wake up and the moment I fall asleep. Aw, how sweet is this classic message?
I love you just the way you are. Kashyap Mishra suggests steering clear of messages that say they're perfect since it can set people up for disappointment. Opt for this sweet expression of love (and lyric from the famed Billy Joel song) instead.
Every day I choose you. With the right person, it's an easy choice.
I just wanted to let you know that you make me feel so happy, so loved, and so protected. Thank you for being my person. This message covers a lot of ground while still being succinct. “Again, you are validating him and letting him know that he is appreciated and doing a good job,” House says. “And you are doing so without needing or expecting anything back. It is an unsolicited compliment and that makes him feel good."
You give me a love I didn’t know was possible. Love can open up a world of opportunities for joy.
I love you, your beautiful mind and your immensely kind heart. Barnett says this short love message captures your adoration along with what you appreciate in him as a person. It can’t hurt to let him know you like his appearance, either.
My love for you has no bounds, and it grows every day. This simple message will show him the strength of your connection.
You’re all I could ask for, more than I could ask for. I love you so much. Another recommendation from Barnett, this one should be reserved for when it truly counts “since it’s a bit deeper and you have to mean every word of it.”
You’re my joy, my sun, my everything. “It’s a short, yet meaningful way of telling him how important his presence in your life is,” Barnett says.
I am so excited to spend the rest of our lives making memories together. With the right person, every day is an adventure. Whether you're traveling, learning new skills, or just spending quality time together at home, your beloved is always by your side.
I feel so lucky to be with you and I can’t wait to see what the future holds for us together. I love you more than anything in this world and I’ll never stop loving you. Kashyap Mishra recommends this personal love message for him as a way to zoom in on some of your loved one’s strengths.
I found my sanctuary in your arms. This simple message conveys how much you cherish your partner's love and support.
I am so happy to be your partner. You inspire and motivate me, and also make me feel seen, loved and heard. I am truly lucky to have you in my life and I’m excited to see what the future holds for us. Thank you for being a wonderful partner to me. Minaa B. says this message is a reminder that aside from love, it matters how your partner treats you and makes you feel. “Remind them by verbally expressing why you love them,” she adds.
Every time I close my eyes, you're all I see. You are my dream man in every sense of the word. Instead of counting sheep, your beloved has you counting hearts as you drift off to sleep. Remind him how much you love his uniquely wonderful qualities.
I hope that I can bring as much comfort and peace to you as you do to me. He'll be happy to know that his presence is so comforting to you, and touched to know that you'll always be there for him.
I am in awe of your kindness, gentle strength, and caring heart. To paraphrase a famous Bible verse, love is gentle, and love is kind. Tell him how much you treasure his calm and compassionate nature.
Your touch is an electric current that makes me feel so alive. This buzzy message will invigorate him for the next time you see each other.
I can’t wait for you to come home tonight and show you how much I love you. I wish I could give you the world for how good you are to me, but I can give you the love that I have. “This message promotes both physical and emotional intimacy,” says Minaa B., noting you can add some flare to the message to spice up your sex life.
The way you look at me makes my heart skip a beat. He'll be thrilled to know the effect he has on you.
Thank you for your strength when I am weak. Thank you for your openness when you need me. Thank you for your protection that makes me feel safe by your side. Thank you for your strong arms that hold me tight. Thank you for being all of you and for loving me for all of me. You’re appreciated. And you are so loved. “According to a new study from eharmony, over half (55 percent) of those who have been in a relationship feel most loved when their partner makes them feel emotionally seen. An unsolicited thank-you note will make him feel emotionally seen, loved, and considered,” House says. “Even better if it’s a handwritten note that he finds in his car, his briefcase, his pocket, tucked into his laptop or next to his toothbrush. When he feels love, he will make you feel loved too.”
It means so much to me how easy it is to talk to you and how you make me feel heard. You are so supportive and caring and it makes me so happy to have you in my life. “Finding meaningful connections can be difficult,” Minaa B says. “When you find someone you can be your full self with, it’s important to send messages like this to let your partner know how much you really value your connection.”
Even during the hard times, there’s nobody I’d rather have by my side. Every person — and every couple — goes through ups and downs. No matter what happens, though, the right person will be right there with you.
I want you. I want your mind, your heart, your head, and of course your body. I want all of you. As you have all of me. Because I am all yours. And you are all mine. And I love how it feels to know that. Looking for a deep love message that’s on the sultry side? “A man wants to feel desired, just like us. He also wants to know that you are his. This is a sexy message without being overtly sexual,” House says.
I appreciate that our relationship is a safe place that shelters us from the chaos of the world. In stormy seas, he's your anchor. Your love helps both of you tune out the noise and focus on what really matters.
You know what? You make me really happy. Even when I’m not with you, I’m happy thinking about you, who you are, how you make me feel, and how grateful I am that you are in my life. House says that when you share your feelings you make your relationship more meaningful.
I’m so lucky to have found my best friend and my soulmate in the same person. To quote "Parks and Recreation" icon Leslie Knope, "I love you and I like you." Love and friendship are two of the most important elements of a good relationship.
With you by my side, life is an exhilarating adventure. Even the little things can be so much fun when you’re experiencing them with your beloved.
In your eyes, I see a universe of possibilities. This message may be a little sappy, but love brings out the sentimental side of even the most stoic person. He'll appreciate that you feel comfortable expressing your feelings for him, no matter how silly it may seem.
Your smile is the sunshine that brightens my darkest days. Send this sweet and simple message to the light of your life.
From the moment I met you, you felt like home. When you find "the one," everything makes sense. Tell him how much you cherish your closeness and comfort with each other.
You’ve been on my mind all day and I would love to FaceTime to see your face. I miss you so much and can’t wait to hear your voice. “Instead of waiting for your partner to initiate a call or the next visit, take the initiative and show them how much they mean to you,” Minaa B says.
Distance could never erase a love this strong. This message is both romantic and reassuring for your faraway boo.
It’s been so long since I saw your handsome face. Would love to get a new picture to stare at and show my friends how cute you are. “When dating long-distance, you can still enhance your chemistry,” says Minaa B., adding that a quick picture or a video call can increase intimacy.
Each sunrise makes me grateful we get to experience this world together. No matter how far away you are, you can take joy in knowing that you both look at the same sky.
I love how patient you are with me and knowing that despite the distance, you still make time to tend to me, check in on me and do sweet things that make me feel loved. I appreciate you. “This message is a great reminder to your partner that their personality shines through and you feel deeply connected despite the distance," Minaa B says.
Even though being apart is hard, there’s nothing we can’t face together. You and your partner are a team no matter what.
If I had a penny for every time I thought about you, I’d buy a ticket for the next flight to see you. This funny, heartfelt message will definitely make him smile.
I can’t wait to hold you again. Sometimes, all you want is a tight hug from the one you love. You'll both look forward to being in each others' arms again.
As long as we share the same sky and breathe the same air, we will always be together. Remind him that your love for him is the size of a planet.
The light you brought into my life is indescribable. Now I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone before. “It’s a love message that goes beyond the miles and beyond the distance that separates the couple,” says Barnett, adding that this love message is both highly meaningful and sensitive.
I feel your love wherever I go and whatever I do. You’ll never be far apart when you carry his love in your heart.
You’re so easy to be with, but so hard to be without. Being apart is difficult, but you can make it through the tough times together.
Every time I hear my phone ring, I can’t help but hope it’s you. I miss you and love talking with you. When your partner is on your mind, pick up the phone and tell him how much you love him.
My heart belongs to you. Send him this romantic message to remind him that he’s the only guy for you.
I love you more than the miles that separate us. According to Barnett, this message “shows the longing, the love, and the impatience to be in his physical presence which deepens the connection between the couple." Feel free to add the exact number of miles between you and your love in this message.
The sound of your voice is music to my ears. This message might prompt him to give you a call on the spot.
Instead of feeling sad we’re apart, I feel lucky. How many people can say they’ve found their soulmate anywhere in the world? Though long distance relationships are a challenge, true love is rare enough to make the hard parts worthwhile.
Our love is stronger than all the obstacles in the world. Nothing can break your incredible bond.
Every time I think of your face, I smile. You bring me so much joy even from afar. Let him know that he's always on your mind with this sweet message.
Goodnight, baby. All I want is to wake up in your arms, but for now I’ll settle for seeing you in my dreams. He'll be charmed by this romantic goodnight text.
“Hit me like a ray of sun burning through my darkest night. You’re the only one that I want, think I’m addicted to your light.” — Beyoncé, “Halo” These iconic lyrics are the perfect way to tell your man how much you're obsessed with him.
"You smiled, and then the spell was cast…And here we are in heaven, for you are mine at last." Barnett is a fan of this excerpt from Etta James’ “At Last,” as a romantic love message for him. “It’s a sensitive and vulnerable text that shows just how powerful their influence in your life is.”
“Some people want it all / But I don’t want nothing at all / If it ain’t you, baby / If I ain’t got you, baby.” — Alicia Keys, “If I Ain’t Got You” Without love, material things are meaningless. Show your man how much he means to you with these simple, soulful lyrics.
"You’re spring to me, all things to me." Barnett recommends this line from Nina Simone’s “Wild is the Wind” as a sentimental love message as it’s “another way of telling him how he’s changed your life and the way you see love.”
“In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.” — Maya Angelou Leave it to the writers to capture the ultimate expression of love. Your beloved will be left speechless.
“I could make you happy, make your dreams come true / Nothing that I wouldn’t do / Go to the ends of the Earth for you / To make you feel my love.” — Adele, “To Make You Feel My Love” This song has a more somber tone, but the sentiment stands: you would do anything to make your partner feel loved.
“I love you always, forever / Near and far, closer together / Everywhere I will be with you.” — Donna Lewis, “I Love You Always Forever” This catchy 90's tune will remind your man that time, distance, and space can't get in the way of your love.
“And when I felt like I was an old cardigan under someone’s bed / You put me on and said I was your favorite.” — Taylor Swift, “Cardigan” Even when the rest of the world seems to be against you, you can always count on your partner to bolster your confidence.
“Don’t wanna close my eyes, I don’t wanna to fall asleep /’Cause I’d miss you baby, and I don’t wanna miss a thing.” — Aerosmith, “I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing” These tender Aerosmith lyrics will show your man how much you cherish your time together.
“Forever, forever, you’ll stay in my heart and I will love you. Forever, and ever, we never will part, oh, how I love you.” — Aretha Franklin, “I Say A Little Prayer” This retro tune is just as sweet today as it was when it came out in 1968.
“I’m lucky I’m in love with my best friend / Lucky to have been where I have been / Lucky to be coming home again.” — Colbie Caillat and Jason Mraz, “Lucky” Anyone would be lucky to receive these lyrics in a love note.
“Baby, it’s you / You’re the one I love / You’re the one I need / You’re the only one I see.” — Beyoncé, “Love on Top” Beyoncé said it best! These song lyrics double as words of affirmation to remind your man that he’s the only one for you.
“If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.” — A.A. Milne, “Winnie the Pooh” Could this message be any more adorable?
“Long live all the mountains we moved / I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you.” — Taylor Swift, “Long Live” This epic song from Taylor Swift will remind you both to look back on your most memorable moments together.
“In case you ever foolishly forget: I am never not thinking of you.” ― Virginia Woolf, “Selected Diaries” Woolf's message is the perfect balance of silly and sincere.
“Ain’t no other man can stand up next to you / Ain’t no other man on the planet does what you do / You’re the kinda guy a girl finds in a blue moon.” — Christina Aguilera, “Ain’t No Other Man” Send these lyrics to your partner to show him how much you appreciate his unique strengths.
“You’ve brought a lot of sunshine into my life / You’ve filled me with happiness I never knew / You gave me more joy than I ever dreamed of / And no one, no one can take the place of you.” — Natalie Cole, “This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)” If your man's smile lights up every room, these lyrics are a perfect way to tell him how much you adore him.
“There is no fear now / Let go and just be free / I will love you unconditionally.” — Katy Perry, “Unconditionally No matter what happens, you will always be stronger together. These lyrics are a reassuring way to express your commitment.
“When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.” — Harry Burns, “When Harry Met Sally” There's a reason this movie is one of the most popular rom-coms.
“I hope you don’t mind that I put down in words how wonderful life is while you’re in the world.” — Elton John, “Your Song” Once you've met your beloved, the sun shines more brightly and the skies seem even more vibrant.
This article was originally published on TODAY.com