By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:40, 8 February 2024   |  Updated:  00:08, 9 February 2024   
 47
View  comments
Calvin Harris is likely breathing a sigh of relief after his Beverly Hills mansion was saved from a potentially destructive house fire on Wednesday night.
Emergency responders received a call around 8:25 p.m. about the smell of smoke filling up the home, law enforcement sources told TMZ.
The emergency teams appear to have treated the fire as a major emergency, as sources said that as many as 10 fire trucks may have been sent to the DJ's home, along with 20 responders, presumably including a mix of firefighters and EMTs.
Harris, who almost had an awkward run-in with his ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift at the Grammy Awards earlier this month, was reportedly not home at the time of the fire, which sources estimated could have created $100,000 of damage.
DailyMail.com has reached out to his representatives for comment. 
Calvin Harris' Beverly Hills mansion was saved from a house fire on Wednesday night. Emergency responders got a call at 8:25 p.m. about the smell of smoke in the home, law enforcement sources told TMZ; seen February 4 in LA at the Grammys
The emergency teams appear to have treated the fire as a major emergency, as sources said that as many as 10 fire trucks may have been sent to the DJ's home, along with 20 responders, presumably including a mix of firefighters and EMTs
The initial call reported that the fire appeared to be emanating from one of the mansion's upper floors.
On eyewitness even said they saw smoke escaping from the roof of the hillside home.
Other people on the scene shared that they saw ambulances arriving with the fire engines, and helicopters were even spotted swarming around, though it's not clear if they were part of the emergency response or if they were news helicopters.
Video from CBS' KCAL-TV — shot from a helicopter — shows firefighters using flashlights to navigate the mansion's roof in the dark as they work to 'vent' the home.
The procedure involves firefighters cutting open portions of the exterior to let smoke and heat escape to prevent explosions and to allow responders to more safely search for survivors, though the procedure has to be done carefully so as to not give a roaring fire more oxygen as fuel.
Sources said that the fire was ultimately discovered to be come from a third-floor area near the home theater.
It reportedly started in a hidden area located near an HVAC system, which required firefighters to break through a portion of the second-story roof to access the room.
The emergency responders reportedly got the fire under control within about 52 minutes, and luckily no one was harmed. 
Other people on the scene shared that they saw ambulances arriving with the fire engines, and helicopters were even spotted swarming around, though it's not clear if they were part of the emergency response or if they were news helicopters
Video from CBS' KCAL-TV — shot from a helicopter — shows firefighters using flashlights to navigate the roof in the dark as they work to 'vent' the home to release smoke and heat
Harris would have heard about the fire from elsewhere, as he reportedly was not home at the time. Sources said he has been leasing the mansion in recent years; seen January 27
Harris would have heard about the fire from elsewhere, as he reportedly was not home at the time.
Sources told the publication that he has been leasing the mansion in recent years. 
In 2022, he put the 10-bedroom home on the market for an eye-popping $25 million, which would have netted him a cool $10 million in profit.
However, he doesn't appear to have found a buyer yet. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group