Some may be calling it the Swifty Bowl due to the amount of focus a lot of viewers feel the NFL has put on Taylor Swift this season ever since her relationship with Travis Kelce became public earlier in the season, but facts are facts.
And the facts are that this Sunday, the Chiefs and 49ers run it back from 2020 and go head-to-head once again to be called World Champions.
However, there's one bit of nostalgia from the past that New Englanders may miss most this weekend, and it's something they've probably been missing for the last few years.
Back in the day, aside from the food you'd eat with friends you surround yourself with, and of course from the game itself, two other moments involving the Super Bowl were highly anticipated -- the Halftime Show performance, and the commercials.
In fact, there are some viewers that would watch the Super Bowl strictly for the commercials, because they weren't your average commercial. For the most part, they were 15, 30, or 60 seconds of absolute greatness, comedy, gold, or all the above.
And the big thing? We didn't get to see the commercial until it actually aired. Super Bowl commercials were heavily talked about, but we never got to see them until they aired for the first time during the game, and then for weeks following their big reveal during the Big Game.
At most, we'd maybe get a little teaser commercial that set up the big reveal of a Super Bowl commercial that made it can't-miss viewing. But, at some point along the way, Super Bowl commercials just started getting dropped before the game, and still do to this day.
It looks like Doritos may be rewinding the clock a bit this year, though, as, for the first time in a while, we won't see the Doritos Super Bowl commercial until the actual Super Bowl.
A teaser campaign recently started with one of the most frequently trending celebrities currently, Jenna Ortega, that focuses on her buying the Dinamita flavor of Doritos in a store, then ending on a cliffhanger when she walks outside of the store and looks up.
Like in years past, it looks like we won't get the full reveal until during the actual game this Sunday. And, who knows, maybe this will kickstart kicking it old school to the days where Super Bowl commercials are only revealed during the actual Super Bowl.
Or, maybe this is just a one off and the author of this article has absolutely no clue what he's talking about (and that's where it's best to bet your money, really.)
Gallery Credit: Chris Sedenka
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes