Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
There's no bad blood between Celine Dion and Taylor Swift.
Contact us by Email
Feb. 8 2024, Published 3:00 p.m. ET
There's no bad blood between Celine Dion and Taylor Swift! The Queen of Power Ballads, 55, "loves" Swift and did not view the 34-year-old's Grammys Album of the Year acceptance speech as a snub, an insider tells RadarOnline.com.
While many criticized Swift for not acknowledging Dion when she presented her the award or during her speech, the source shared that Celine knew Taylor was just excited about her monumental moment. We're told Dion is "not mad" and doesn't want the negative view of some to outshine the Midnights singer's record-shattering accomplishment. 
Celine "loves" Taylor and did not view her speech as a snub, an insider told RadarOnline.com.
As this outlet reported, Swift made history by accepting the Album of the Year award for the fourth time at Sunday's show. It was also a special moment for Dion because it was her first big appearance since announcing her Stiff Person Syndrome diagnosis in 2022, which forced her to go into hiding and cancel her tour.
The Falling Into You performer looked healthy and made it clear she was happy to be at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards. 
Celine knew Taylor was excited to make history with win for her fourth Album of the Year, the insider shared.
Dion got a standing ovation from her peers when she walked out on the stage to present the last trophy of the night. 
"When I say that I’m happy to be here I really mean it from my heart," the icon told the crowd. 
"Those who have been blessed enough to be here at the Grammy Awards must never take for granted the tremendous love and joy that music brings to our lives and to people all around the world,” the 16-time Grammy nominee said before presenting Swift her award.
Many accused Swift of snubbing Dion by failing to acknowledge or mention her in the speech.
The Cruel Summer singer faced backlash when viewers accused her of snubbing Dion by not acknowledging or making eye contact with her when taking the trophy. Fans lost it as Swift thanked everyone in her orbit while Dion stood idly by. 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
"Taylor Swift fully ignoring Celine Dion like the disrespect even Celine was like… que?" one person posted to X.
"Taylor dragged Lana (who just lost the award) on stage when she CLEARLY didn’t want to go, and then didn’t say a WORD to Celine f------ Dion when she took the award? I hope the next album flops," shared another angry fan.
We're also told the theory that their backstage photos were staged "isn't true."
The pair seemingly put the rumors to bed when they posed for photos backstage after the blunder, but some accused their PR teams of setting up the picture op — a theory that RadarOnline.com is told "isn't true."
Page Six was also told Dion and Swift are good. 
"I don’t think Céline cared and they talked backstage afterwards. But Céline was just gracious and happy to be there,” the insider shared. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Dion didn't just make headlines for her comeback appearance or Swift, either. The Power of Love singer delighted fans when she gave an impromptu performance backstage and showed she's still a powerhouse despite her health struggles. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.