SPRINGFIELD, Mo. (KY3) - The Kansas City Chiefs’ attempt to become the first team in 20 years to repeat as Super Bowl champions has the Chiefs Kingdom in a frenzy.
That excitement has led to many school spirit days where students can dress up as well-known figures like Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce, Taylor Swift, or Andy Reid.
On Wednesday, two Springfield Public Schools invited students to dress up as the Chiefs head coach, and it was quite the sight (as seen in the accompanying video).
Students had different interpretations of the “Andy” look, including some who wore Hawaiian shirts.   But many of the students at Wanda Gray Elementary in south Springfield and Wilson’s Creek Intermediate School in Battlefield decided on the “Andy sideline” attire, including a hat, glasses, mustache, headsets, and laminated play sheets that Reid uses to cover his mouth when he’s sending in plays.
Some of the mustaches were jet-black and straight, so they looked a little more like the Mario Brothers than the Chiefs head coach.
First grader Hux Coats, whose Andy Reid outfit included a pair of round-rimmed glasses, had another appropriate viewpoint.
“I think I sort of look like Harry Potter,” he said.
But it was the effort that counted. And when it came to finding the right lip foliage, both students and teachers tried different methods.
“Mine is a pipe cleaner,” Special Education teacher Susan Griesemer said of her mustache.
“Mine is made out of construction paper,” said school nurse Kristin Cantrell.
“I didn’t make mine; we just bought ‘em at Party City,” said second-grade student Charlie Hartman.
“I thought I had some mustaches left over from a birthday party,” said fifth-grader Lauren Warakomski. “But I couldn’t find them, so I used a stencil and felt to cut it out.”
“I got some hair spray, sprayed it a bit white, and that’s how I got it,” said sixth grader Ryker Jump.
“My mom put make-up on my face,” second grader Thomas Harwell said of his mustache. “I like it, but it really itches a lot.”
And while all the students we talked to liked how they looked with a mustache, they all shared Harwell’s critique of what wearing one is like.
“It’s really, really itchy,” Jump agreed.
“It’s itchy, and it doesn’t stick on very well,” Warakomski added.
School secretary Tiffany Waisner didn’t go for the ‘stache look but had on a pair of earrings with Andy Reid’s face.
“He’s just an awesome, outstanding guy, and I’m glad he’s getting the notoriety that he deserves,” Waisner said. “My family knows how much I love him, so they got me these Andy Reid earrings for Christmas.”
First-grade teacher Megan Bryant was wearing a sweatshirt with a drawing of Taylor Swift’s face and the number 87 on it, as the school has also had spirit days for Kelce and Swift this week.
“One of my favorite students got this Taylor Swift shirt for me at Christmas because she knows how much I love the Chiefs and love Taylor,” Bryant said. “I’ve always watched the Chiefs, but it’s been without my Swiftie girls who are teenagers. But now they watch the game with me every week, and I love it. It’s become a family sport, not just a me-and-my-husband sport.”
When asked who he preferred to be dressed as between Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce, or Andy Reid, Jump pointed to his coaching attire and smiled.
“I gotta be myself,” he replied. “Because I’m Andy Reid.”
But even amidst all the Chief Kingdom love, one student dressed like Andy Reid admitted he wouldn’t be rooting for the Chiefs in the Super Bowl.
“My favorite team is the Dolphins,” explained fourth grader Preston Booher. “And the Chiefs knocked my team out of the playoffs. I’m just doing it (dressing up like Andy Reid) because my mom wanted me to.”
Sitting next to Booher, Hartman tried to change his mind.
“You need to be rooting for the team that knocked your team out,” Hartman pointed out. “That’s how it works.”
At Wanda Gray, the Andy Reid day also fell on another dress-up occasion, with kindergartners dressed as construction workers and other grades dressed as senior citizens.
“This is the 100th day of school we’re celebrating,” explained Wanda Gray’s Principal, Angie Carder. “So one of the celebrations we’re doing is dressing up like we are a 100-years-old.”
One student was holding a stuffed cat.
“I’m a crazy cat lady,” she said.
Another student had a note pinned to the back of her bathrobe that said, “If lost, please return to Ms. Foley.”
“You know, sometimes we get lost when we get older,” Carder said. “But we know to return her to Ms. Foley’s classroom, right? And the kindergartners have a construction theme because they are under construction on their 100th day of school.”
With all these differently-dressed students running around the school on Wednesday, it was certainly an unusual sight to see and confusing to those who didn’t know what was going on.
But you couldn’t help but smile.
“It was kind of weird and kind of funny,” Coats said.
To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com
Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.