Taylor Swift’s NFL star boyfriend’s mom fears she won’t get into a VIP box to watch him in this month’s Super Bowl as they’re too pricey.
Donna Kelce, 71, who has sons Travis Kelce, 34 – who has been dating Taylor, also 34, since last summer – and his NFL player brother Jason Kelce, 36, predicted she will be in the stands when Travis’ Kansas City Chiefs take on the San Francisco 49ers in Las Vegas on Sunday (Feb. 11).
She told the Today show on Wednesday (Feb. 7): “You can understand that the boxes in Vegas are multi-million dollars, so I have a feeling I’m not in a box.
“I have a feeling I’m in the stands, so far as I know I’m in the stands with everybody else because it is a pricey Super Bowl.”
Donna sidestepped TV host Hoda Kotb’s attempt to find out if she’d be sitting with her son’s girlfriend Taylor, but opened up about how she had changed her Facebook banner to feature a celebratory photo that included the "Bad Blood" singer that was taken after the Chiefs won the AFC Championship.
She said: “That was a picture where all of us were so excited that were in the suite, and we were so excited that they made it to the Super Bowl that we just took a shot of everybody that was there, so it wasn’t anything calculating or anything like that.
“It was just everybody that was supporting my son, and I was so happy to put that picture on Facebook, yes… I’ve got a few [selfies with Taylor] here and there.”
Donna’s admission about possibly not getting into a VIP Super Bowl box comes days after it was reported Taylor could end up paying $3 million for a suite to watch Travis in the tournament.
Page Six reported the game is “one of the most coveted tickets in American sports," meaning “sometimes even players themselves are scrambling to get their loved ones a seat to the championship game."
The outlet said Taylor’s options to see the Super Bowl LVIII may include spending a chunk of her $1.1 billion fortune hiring a $3 million suite that seats 32 people.
It added: “A guest service rep for On Location said there is actually only one luxury suite available that sits 32 people and costs around $3 million, but that is subject to change at any time.”
Gallery Credit: Jacklyn Krol