Advertise with us • Contact Us • RTI Team
The Kansas City Chiefs are aiming for their second-straight Super Bowl victory while the San Francisco 49ers seek their first title in almost 30 years in Super Bowl 58. It’s all up for grabs and new users at BetRivers Sportsbook can get a second-chance bet of up to $500 with a wager on the NFL’s biggest game if they register with today’s BetRivers Bonus Code ROCKRIV.
Two storied NFL franchises and a bunch of big names will dominate the headlines of Super Bowl 58 in Las Vegas.
The 49ers last won the Super Bowl in 1995 and are hoping Brock Purdy, Christian McCaffrey, and company can restore the franchise’s glory days.
Meanwhile, Kansas City quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his favorite target Travis Kelce want to retain their spot atop the NFL. Perhaps Taylor Swift will be cheering them both on from a luxury box inside Allegiant Stadium.
There are star players and storylines everywhere you look in Las Vegas. And thanks to a BetRivers promo code, you can grab a second-chance bet of up to $500 if you lose your first wager on Super Bowl 58.
If you lose your first wager at BetRivers, the bonus code will be activated to provide another chance, delivering a bonus bet worth up to $500.
To redeem the offer and get started at BetRivers, simply complete the steps below:
The maximum value of your bonus bet varies by state. Here’s the breakdown:
$500 second-chance bet for users in Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Virginia.
$250 second-chance bet for users in New Jersey and Colorado.
$100 second-chance bet for users in Arizona, Ohio, and West Virginia.
For the offer’s full terms and conditions, click on one of our BetRivers bonus code links.
Mahomes led Kansas City to two straight road wins, beating Buffalo and then Baltimore to reach Super Bowl 58 in Las Vegas.
The Chiefs are now one win away from repeating as Super Bowl champions, a feat that hasn’t happened since the New England Patriots went back-to-back in 2003 and 2004. 
But San Francisco, one of the NFL’s elite offenses, could prove to be a significant obstacle. McCaffrey led the league in regular season rushing yards, Purdy was fifth in passing, and the entire offense finished second in the league in total yards per game (398.4).
And so, a Chiefs defense that has been a quiet and consistent complement to the team’s success (2nd in yards allowed per game with 289.8), must also deliver if Kansas City hopes to repeat as champion.
The matchup provides plenty of intrigue and the game is expected to be a close one. Early betting lines left the final margin within a field goal and recent odds list San Francisco as a small favorite. The over/under is 47.5 points.
BetRivers has spreads, moneylines, and plenty of props and parlays available for those seeking to wager on Sunday’s action. Live betting odds will also be posted once the game begins.
Kickoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. ET on Sunday. Television coverage will be broadcast on CBS.
New users can join the action at BetRivers with a second-chance bet of up to $500 that provides a built-in safety net. Current players can also reap the rewards from a number of ongoing promotions at BetRivers. Those offers include:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ