By Matthew Carey 
Documentary Editor, Awards

EXCLUSIVE: Greenwich Entertainment has acquired U.S. distribution rights to Swan Song, the ballet-themed documentary that will open Lincoln Center’s 52nd Dance on Camera Festival Friday evening.

	The film – a Dogwoof, Visitor Media, Mercury Films, and Quiet Ghost production, directed and co-written by Chelsea McMullan – premiered last September at the Toronto International Film Festival. Greenwich plans to release Swan Song in theaters in the fall.

	“Swan Song immerses viewers inside one of the world’s leading ballet companies as it mounts a legacy-defining new production of Swan Lake, directed by ballet icon Karen Kain on the eve of her retirement,” notes a description of the film. “The verité-driven feature documentary closely follows Kain and a group of young dancers drawn from the National Ballet of Canada’s ranks, weaving Swan Lake’s dramatic creation process with intimate scenes from the subjects’ personal lives as they push toward one of the most significant opening nights in their company’s history.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Acquisitions
	



	
		
					Greenwich Entertainment Acquires Cole Webley's Sundance Drama 'Omaha' Starring John Magaro		
			















	Acquisitions
	



	
		
					Greenwich Entertainment Acquires 'Simple Minds: Everything Is Possible,' Doc About Scottish Band Behind Chart-Topping "Don't You (Forget About Me)"		
			







	In a statement, McMullan and Sean O’Neill – producer and co-writer — said, “We’re thrilled that Swan Song will reach audiences in the United States thanks to the support of Greenwich Entertainment. Swan Song was a rollercoaster ride to make and we’re so excited to share this all-access, intimate, adrenaline rush of a film with audiences. We followed our subjects for more than two years, from their private lives and into the rehearsal room as they strived toward a career-defining opening night—and we can’t wait for audiences to see the beauty and the pain of ballet on the big screen.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	As Deadline reported last August, actress Neve Campbell is among the executive producers of the film. She trained in dance at Canada’s National Ballet School in Toronto, and among her screen credits is the 2003 Robert Altman dance-themed film The Company. Fellow EPs of Swan Song include O’Neill and McMullan, Jennifer Baichwal (Anthropocene: The Human Epoch), Nicholas de Pencier (Anthropocene: The Human Epoch), Oli Harbottle (The Lost Leonardo), and Anna Godas (Playing With Sharks).

Swan Song is produced by O’Neill (LIDO TV, Crystal Pite: Angels’ Atlas) and Christina Carvalho. 

	










	Greenwich’s Andy Bohn negotiated the acquisition with Dogwoof’s Ana Vicente on behalf of the filmmakers.

	Along with Swan Song, Lincoln Center’s Dance on Camera lineup includes Obsessed with Light, directed by Sabine Krayenbühl and Zeva Oelbaum. The documentary explores the career of Loïe Fuller, a pioneering figure in dance and stage lighting, who gained famed around the turn of the 20th century. Fuller’s work is said to have inspired Taylor Swift, Shakira, and choreographer Bill T. Jones, among other notables.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.