By Around the Web
February 8, 2024
Kate Anderson
Daily Caller News Foundation
A Michigan district judge threw out a case Wednesday regarding Brianna Kingsley, a biological man who identifies as a transgender woman, who sued an ex-boyfriend for not returning Kingsley’s testicles, according to The Detroit News.
Kingsley filed the complaint in August 2023 and asked the court to order former boyfriend William Wojciechowski to return Kingsley’s “nuts” that were kept in a mason jar in the refrigerator “next to the eggs,” prompting Wojciechowski to counter-sue for being “humiliated” by the case, according to The Detroit News. District Court Judge Jeremy Bowie ordered that both cases be dismissed, calling the whole thing “a wash.”
Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND’s Email News Alerts!
Wojciechowski filed a restraining order against Kingsley after the couple broke up in December 2022, and he argued that Kingsley could have gotten them when an Oakland County Sheriff’s deputy took Kingsley to Wojciechowski’s Pontiac home in January to get several personal items, according to The Detroit News. The former boyfriend said during a hearing that he threw the testicles away in July because they were “rotting.”
“They were rotting in my fridge, and it was disgusting — I’ve got food in there I wanted to eat,” Wojciechowski explained. “She didn’t keep them in a biohazard container like she was supposed to.”
A trans-identified male in Michigan is suing his ex-partner for the return of his preserved testicles, which he had kept in their shared fridge following his genital surgery.
Brianna Kingsley, who identifies as a Muslim woman, is demanding $6,500 for the loss of “deez nuts.” pic.twitter.com/0JRVQiqRb4
— REDUXX (@ReduxxMag) February 8, 2024
At one point during a hearing, Bowie asked Kingsley, who appeared with an emotional support dog, why the lawsuit also requested damages of $6,500, saying he couldn’t “really put a number on” how much testicles were worth, according to The Detroit News.
“They were my testicles. … We’re talking about my nuts. … I wanted them in my fridge — not his. … He denied me access to my own body parts. I don’t think that can be quantified. The damages were the loss of ‘deez’ nuts,” Kingsley said.
Kingsley said that the testicles were put in a jar because “I deal with trauma with comedy. Shakespeare did it.”
Kingsley posted a video on TikTok in April 2022 titled “The Unboxing of Dees Nuts” and unboxed a biohazard bag with the testicles after having sex-change surgery. Kingsley was sentenced to two months in jail in 2020 after pulling a knife on a roommate, who also identified as a transgender “woman,” on Christmas Day in 2019, according to The Detroit News.
Kingsley and Wojciechowski could not be reached for comment.
This story originally was published by the Daily Caller News Foundation.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
SUPPORT TRUTHFUL JOURNALISM. MAKE A DONATION TO THE NONPROFIT WND NEWS CENTER. THANK YOU!
You must be logged in to post a comment.
About us
Subscribe
Go Ad-Free
Privacy policy
Copyright © 2025 WorldNetDaily
Copyright © 2025 WorldNetDaily
May 2, 2025
WND Comics
May 2, 2025
WND Comics
May 2, 2025
WND Comics