From the glorious comeback of brown make-up to the rise of ectoin-enriched skincare, 2024 is presenting plenty of talking points already. With the help of pioneers in beauty forecasting, Beauty Pie and Pinterest, along with a look at what we’ve all been searching for on Google, we’re delving into seven emerging trends to try this year.
So, from a colour trend that seems to have been inspired by Taylor Swift and her ever-growing success, to 'skin streaming' and the rise of neutral tones after a year of monochrome, here's what's 'in' in 2024...
Is less finally going to be more? With 30 million views on TikTok (and counting) related to this topic, streamlining our skincare routines is a new trend that experts say is good for the skin, and one that we should all embrace in 2024.
The process entails cutting down the number of products we use in our regimes, opting instead for fewer, active-packed and targeted ones that deliver consistent results. The goal is to tackle your complexion concerns without stressing and damaging your skin barrier.
Shop the trend: Dr Jart+ Clear and Correct Kit, £22 here
According to Google searches, the 90s-era colour palette is back – because 10 of the biggest make-up trends for the new year focus on creamy cocoa hues. “Latte make-up” kick-started the comeback last autumn before “toffee and espresso make-up” made waves in winter.
To master the trend, think semi-dewy skin and rich, chocolatey tones on the eyes. Pops of copper also help to give the look a luxurious edge.Shop the trend: e.l.f. Bite-Size Eyeshadows Cream & Sugar, £4 here
MAC Connect In Colour Eye Shadow Palette - Unfiltered Nudes, £44 here 
Sephora Colorful Eyeshadow Shimmer Finish, currently £5.55 here 
Over the next 12 months, we’ll see plenty of barrier-boosting products formulated to protect cell membranes from environmental damage, increase moisture retention and decrease inflammation.
Ectoin has huge protecting abilities, which is why it’s the perfect partner for ceramides (natural skin barrier strengtheners) to help boost skin hydration levels and mitigate side effects of punchier actives in your regimen, such as retinol and vitamin C.
Shop the trend: Dr Jart+ Ceramidin Infused Ectoin Cream, £50 here
Looks like purple reigns again: lavender chrome nails have seen a 370% rise in Google searches, meaning it’ll be a big manicure trend for 2024. So put a trip to the nail salon in the diary, and just ask for icy light purple polish and a lavender chrome topper.
With a 6,748% rise in Google searches compared with six months ago, this colour technique has blondes and light brunettes rushing to hair salons to have their baby hairs and forehead hairlines highlighted a bright blonde. Because you don’t need a full head of colour, this face-brightening technique is considered a low-maintenance and cost-effective way of accentuating your existing colour.
Combining rich brown hues and intense berry shades, “cherry cola lips” saw an impressive 2,215% increase in Google searches – so this trend isn’t going anywhere.
The good news is this look isn’t hard – all you need is a dark brown lipliner, a matte or satin-finish berry lipstick and high-shine lip gloss. The goal is to achieve a subtle ombré effect where the brown “cola” liner blends into the berry tone of the lipstick.
Shop the trend: Clinique Almost Lipstick in 'Black Honey', £24 here
NYX Professional Makeup Suede Matte Lip Liner in 'Cherry Skies', £4 here 
Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Heat Lip Luminizer and Plumper, £20 here 
With more than a 90% increase in Google searches and over half a million hits on the TikTok hashtag, the “Butterfly Bob” is the trendy chop for the new year. With Zendaya and Jenna Ortega already jumping on the bandwagon, this multi-layered style is a bigger and bolder version of the butterfly cut that gained a lot of traction last spring.
The key to acing this type of bob is to make sure it’s cut in layers above the shoulders. A curtain fringe, when blow-dried towards the outer side of your face, adds flair and mimics butterfly wings.