Barry Keoghan is reportedly planning to make his red carpet debut with his chart-topper girlfriend at the Golden Globes awards ceremony in the US later this evening.
There has been speculation that actor Barry, 31, and singer Sabrina Carpenter, 24, are dating after they were first linked just weeks ago. The rumoured couple were spotted on an apparent 'dinner date' in Los Angeles, California, just last month.
It comes following reports in July last year that Barry - whose credits include films like The Banshees of Inisherin (2022) - had separated from his partner Alyson Kierans. They welcomed their son, Brando, now 16 months old, in 2022.
It's now been reported that Barry has told Alyson that he plans to go public with his apparent new relationship at the awards ceremony this weekend. The annual event is due to be hosted at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills.
A source told the Sun that Sabrina will be his 'plus one'. The source said to the outlet: "Barry thought it was best that Alyson was the first to know about him and Sabrina so she wouldn't be hurt if she found out on social media. He is spending a lot of time in the States and has invited Sabrina to be his 'plus one' at the Golden Globes. Alyson and Barry still communicate for the sake of Brando and he has been open about his new relationship," they added.
Barry is among the nominees at the Golden Globes this year, with him up for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama for his role in Saltburn (2023). He's up against the likes of Bradley Cooper in the category.
Rosamund Pike has been nominated for her performance in the new film too. Barry's co-star is a contender for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture alongside the likes of Emily Blunt.
Barry has received acclaim for his role in Saltburn (2023), in which he plays Oliver Quick. His previous credits include the Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017) and he joined the Marvel Cinematic Universe with his role in the film Eternals (2021).
Sabrina rose to fame on various Disney Channel projects, like Girl Meets World, though she's now best known for her music career. The award-winning singer has released five albums and numerous singles such as Nonsense and Skin. Some of her songs, like Sue Me, are understood to have topped the US Dance Chart.
Although having headlined her own tours, Sabrina was a support act for Taylor Swift on the Eras Tour last year. She's set to appear as the opening act once again at some shows this year, with the tour scheduled to resume next year.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.