Hi, what are you looking for?
Paros NYC is a new Greek eatery that recently opened in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan.
By
Published
Paros NYC is a new Greek eatery that recently opened in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan.
This journalist had the opportunity to dine for brunch at Paros NYC on Saturday, February 10, 2024. 
It is named after the Greek island of “Paros,” which is situated in the heart of the Aegean Sea. 
Paros NYC is family-operated by co-owners Nicholas (General Manager) and George Pagonis (executive chef), who was a “Top Chef” Season 12 finalist on Bravo.
It has a wide selection of Hellenic specialties, and their seafood is imported daily.
Two months ago, global pop music star Taylor Swift dined at Paros NYC, and it made headlines in such media outlets as People Magazine and Vogue.
For appetizers, one should start with Traditional Greek Salad (which could be topped with a protein option of chicken, salmon, shrimp, and steak). This journalist chose the steak and the meat was tender and juicy.
The same holds true for their “Dakos Salad,” which is made up of crushed Greek bruschetta with tomato, cucumber, feta cheese and olives.
Equally impressive was its “Spanakopita” slices, which translates into Spinach Pie, which is comprised of spinach, feta cheese, leeks, herbs, all of which are wrapped in filo, and topped with sesame seeds.
Their “Halloumi” cheese is a must for anybody who likes the Cypriot cheese, which comes with candied orange, sesame seeds, and Paros honey.
The “Calamari” was crispy and accompanied with red tomato sauce and topped with parsley.
Fans of lamb, should try their “Lamb Chops.” In this dish, two marinated, grilled, and tender lamb chops were served with hand-cut fries.
Their Chicken Souvlaki is also worth more than just a passing glance. This marinated chicken kebab skewer comes with hand-cut fries, pita bread, tzatziki sauce, and Green salad.
While not entirely Greek per se, their “Smoked Salmon Plate” is still a solid choice for brunch. It comes with tomato slices, purple onions, capers, cucumber, dill, cream cheese, and “koulouri” (Greek sesame bread). This meal is light, healthy, and refreshing.
Whenever anybody is visiting any Greek restaurant, they ought to make room for dessert. 
Their “Dessert Platter” featured “Galaktobureko” (Greek custard pie with syrup), as well as a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and “Portokalopita,” which is Greek orange cake with syrup.
Their “Greek Coffee” is strong and flavorful and it will certainly give patrons an extra boost of energy.
Overall, Paros NYC is an exceptional new Greek restaurant in Manhattan. It offers a modern and fresh approach to the Greek cuisine. Greek hospitality was evident throughout the trendy eatery by the wait staff, hostess, and owners.
The ambiance is just right, coupled with a nonchalant atmosphere, and it has spacious decor inside. 
There is a rawness and authenticity to it, which makes one truly feel like they are dining in a Greek island (with Greek music playing in the background). It is a fine example of the Greek and Mediterranean cuisine in the heart of New York City.
Paros NYC is worth checking out when one is visiting the Tribeca neighborhood of New York. This restaurant garners an A rating.
To learn more about Paros NYC, check out its official website, and follow the eatery on Instagram.
Markos Papadatos is Digital Journal's Editor-at-Large for Music News.
Papadatos is a Greek-American journalist and educator that has authored over 22,000 original articles over the past 18 years. He has interviewed some of the biggest names in music, entertainment, lifestyle, magic, and sports. He is a 16-time "Best of Long Island" winner, where for three consecutive years (2020, 2021, and 2022), he was honored as the "Best Long Island Personality" in Arts & Entertainment, an honor that has gone to Billy Joel six times.
View of Puerto Williams, Chile in January 2024 - Copyright AFP Oli SCARFFPedro SCHWARZE with Nicolas BIEDERMAN in Buenos AiresChilean authorities issued a tsunami...
Prime Minister Mark Carney promised to oversee the biggest transformation of Canada's economy since the end of the Second World War.
American consumers may see prices go up on Chinese shopping apps like Shein and Temu after the Trump administration's tariff policy takes effect -...
This handout picture released by the Malta Government press office shows a Malta Vessel Traffic Services providing assistance at sea to the Conscience -...
COPYRIGHT © 1998 - 2024 DIGITAL JOURNAL INC. Sitemaps: XML /  News .

Digital Journal is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more about our external linking.