Culture
195 New Updates
One of the best-selling musical artists of all time, Usher took center stage at Allegiant Stadium for the Super Bowl LVIII halftime show.
Usher, who released his new album, "Coming Home," on Friday, performed a 14-song set preceded with a short intro of his popular track "My Way." Usher had special guest appearances from Alicia Keys, Jermaine Dupri, H.E.R., will.i.am, Lil Jon and Ludacris.
Additionally, Usher added pieces of his residency from Las Vegas. He used a part of the 13-minute show by showcasing his skating skills. Usher, however, did not perform any of the songs from his new album.
Where does Usher's performance rank among the all-time greats in Super Bowl history?
For all of that and more on the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show, follow along for analysis and updates from The Athletic.
Full Usher set list:
Intro: "My Way"
Many of us have seen "The Hangover" trilogy, if at least one or two of the movies. Apple Music produced a video, "Where's Usher?" which gives a similar storyline to what we saw in "The Hangover." Ludacris, Taraji P. Henson and Lil Jon all FaceTime Apple CEO Tim Cook to admit that they've lost Usher after a wild night in Las Vegas.
Anderson .Paak, J Balvin, Criss Angel, Blue Man Group, Tony Cavalero, Andre 3000 and Wesley Snipes all make appearances, as well. The film can be viewed here. 
Advertisement
Usher said the show will last 13 minutes and feature a set list that encapsulates the “past, present and future” of his 30-year career. He said his upcoming album “Coming Home,” which is released Friday, will be worked into the set and made sure to note that he’ll be the first independent artist — meaning he’s no longer signed to a record label — who’ll headline the Super Bowl halftime show.
“I was very mindful of my past, celebrating my present and thinking about where we’re headed in the future,” Usher said.
The eight-time Grammy Award winner said he’s incorporated elements from his recent Las Vegas residency in his halftime performance, including roller skating.
“I’m a product of believing that I could come to this city and do something amazing, and it’s happened,” he said of his residency. “I plan on now sharing a bit of the energy that I created here with the rest of the world.”
GO FURTHER
Usher didn’t make any major confessions during his Super Bowl halftime show news conference Thursday, but he did hint that some guests may join him on stage.
“I think I made it easy for myself when I decided to have features on songs that became hit records,” Usher told Apple Music’s Nadeska Alexis, who hosted the news conference, about the prospect of guest performers.
“I went through a lot of ideas of who I would have shared this moment with me. I do feel like the people who are going to share it deserve just as much recognition for what they do in their careers.”
Alexis asked if Usher immediately thought of any guests when he booked the halftime show, and he smiled and simply said, “Of course,” drawing a laugh from the crowd.
Usher has collaborated with many artists throughout his career, including Ludacris, Lil Jon, Alicia Keys and Justin Bieber. Ludacris and Lil Jon filmed an Apple Music video with actress Taraji P. Henson teasing the halftime show, causing fans to speculate if the two rappers will perform with Usher on Sunday.
Usher made sure to avoid revealing much in his news conference, which was to be expected considering he only answered pre-approved questions from Alexis and a couple of additional queries from guests in the audience who were also there courtesy of Apple Music.
GO FURTHER
Whether you're tuning in for the game, or waiting until halftime, the answer is the same: The Super Bowl and accompanying halftime show will be broadcast on CBS and streamed on Paramount+.
Nickelodeon will also have an alternate broadcast of the game — more about that in our full viewer's guide.
GO FURTHER
According to PSA, the top 10 most graded NFL cards this year have been:
A few weeks ago, Usher joined Kelley L. Carter on ABC’s "Good Morning America." His first comment crystallized his feelings on the opportunity to perform the Super Bowl halftime show.
“It’s been a dream of mine,” Usher said. “A bucket list thing to be able to get it. They say, ‘Oscar, Tony, Grammy, Emmy,’ right? You should put Super Bowl on that, too.”
Watch the full interview here.
Advertisement
If you’re one of the many commenters who have taken to the site this week fighting back at the perceived slights of Brock Purdy, you can be comforted knowing that your beloved QB is getting respect where it matters — the multi-billion dollar world of trading cards. According to PSA, the nation’s leading card grading company, Purdy is the most-submitted NFL athlete so far in 2024.
And two of his cards have sold for over $100,000 each in the last two months: Purdy’s 2022 Panini National Treasures Stars & Stripes Platinum NFL Shield Patch Auto 1/1 rookie card sold in December for $186,000 and his 2022 Panini Prizm Black Finite 1/1 RC sold for $125,723 in January.
Super Bowl commercials seem to be on the rebound the past few years. We had way-too-serious ones, overly long ones, safe and boring ones to remind you of things you don’t need help remembering, etc. But, nothing beats a great Super Bowl commercial, and the 2023 commercials might be the best group yet.
Our rankings of the best commercials from last year's big game, beginning with a brighter Boston … seen below.
GO FURTHER
Nine-time Grammy-winning artist Rihanna took center stage at halftime of Super Bowl LVII between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles.
Clad in a stunning red outfit — an image that went viral after it was confirmed the superstar is pregnant again — Rihanna performed her 12-song set list on platforms hanging from the ceiling of State Farm Arena.
There are tons of traditional, and unorthodox, bets you can place every Super Bowl, but there’s nothing quite like a good old-fashioned squares pool. There’s something magical about rooting for “your” numbers while imagining convoluted scenarios that would get you to cash in.
“I need the 49ers to score a touchdown here, then have the Chiefs score a field goal and then no one score for the rest of the quarter. Easy.”
It’s also a good way to turn a game in which you don’t have a rooting interest into something you’re invested in. That’s usually true of betting in general, but there’s something carefree and almost innocent about squares. There’s no buyer’s remorse because you didn’t get to pick your numbers (outside of playing squares at a sportsbook where all the odds are intentionally against you). And because you can’t pick your numbers, there’s no skill or knowledge required. You want to play? You have as good of a shot as anyone else — until the squares are assigned.
Check out my article below to know which squares you want to own on Super Bowl Sunday. 
GO FURTHER
The Handshake Bets trio won Betr’s fantasy league and faced a unique problem — the prize is two tickets to the Super Bowl and there are three of them. So they decided to do a “72 hours in a casino challenge” — nobody can leave, and the last two standing get the tickets. If all three make it, whoever won the least money is out. They’re on hour 43 right now.
Advertisement
One of the best ways to engage with the big game if you're not a 49ers or Chiefs fan is by playing our Super Bowl Party Props game. For the last few years, Brandon Funston has made a party prop sheet for his annual Super Bowl party. Now, we give you the option to fill out the sheet on a Google doc and the top 10 performers will win a year-long subscription to The Athletic. 
Terms and conditions apply and you can find the Google Doc, the downloadable PDF and our prop analysis all in the story below. 
Plus, if you fill out the sheet, we'll email you with how many correct answers you got after the game. 
GO FURTHER
An account manager at Paramount Business Jets, which offers worldwide private jet charter flights but is not affiliated with Taylor Swift plans, said that as of Jan. 26, there were no slots available to land in Las Vegas during Super Bowl weekend.
“I have four clients who wanted to fly in for the Super Bowl and we had to cancel their trips because nobody is able to get the proper times to land in Las Vegas,” the account manager said.
Swift’s travel plans are not clear, and she hasn’t publicly confirmed she will attend the Super Bowl. An email to her publicist was not immediately returned.
Even if Swift doesn’t land in Las Vegas, however, she could fly into Los Angeles — to either LAX or Van Nuys Airport — and drive the rest of the way.
In that scenario, the flight would be roughly 45 minutes shorter to Los Angeles, meaning a flight of about 9 hours and 45 minutes.
A drive from LAX to Allegiant Stadium takes four to five hours, depending on stops and traffic. 
GO FURTHER
A private jet at Haneda Airport has left Japan and is on track to land in Los Angeles at 4:21 p.m. Over 7,000 FlightRadar24 users are watching the flight, which has been nicknamed "VistaJet (The Football Era)." Is it Taylor Swift? We'll find out eventually.
Taylor Swift has left the Tokyo Dome to go to her private jet at Haneda Airport, the Associated Press reports. Over 2,000 fans are using a flight tracking website to watch Swift begin what's presumed to be her journey to the Super Bowl.
GO FURTHER
After four concerts in Tokyo, Taylor Swift may be taking a detour from her Eras Tour to see the Super Bowl in Las Vegas. But there won't be much time to rest after that.
The international leg of her tour continues with three performances at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Australia, beginning Friday. From there, it's four nights in Sydney and six shows over eight days (March 2-9) in Singapore.
After that, there's a break before the tour resumes in Paris on May 9.
Advertisement
Prices for Sunday's Super Bowl are the most expensive on record, as we wrote earlier this week.
Could a certain mega-famous pop star who has frequented Chiefs games this season be a reason prices for this Super Bowl are so high?
Reps for StubHub and TickPick, two online ticket marketplaces, said they didn’t have any data to pinpoint that the possibility of a Taylor Swift appearance may be affecting the secondary ticket market, but StubHub does have numbers to prove her presence impacted previous sales.
“In the 24 hours after Taylor’s first appearance at a Chiefs game, on StubHub we experienced three times the amount of sales for their next home game. That’s the most single-day increase since the schedule release,” spokesperson Adam Budelli said.
GO FURTHER
Era's Tour Night 4 in Tokyo has wrapped up! After performing for over three hours, Taylor Swift will need to fly from Japan to the U.S. to make it to the Super Bowl. Depending on if Swift lands in L.A. or goes directly to Las Vegas, the flight will be between nine to 13 hours.
Swift has not publicly confirmed her travel plans or whether she plans to be at the game. But here's more on how she could get there.
GO FURTHER
There are two things you need to know right off the bat about Taylor Swift’s loyal legion of fans. There are tens of millions of “Swifties” all over the world. And they are a passionate, dedicated bunch.
“There is a lot of weight to what she does and a lot of weight to anything that she co-signs,” said Brittany Spanos, a Rolling Stone senior writer who taught a Taylor Swift course at NYU’s prestigious Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music. “You see an artist that she is friends with or brings on tour or talks about their music, and that’s a huge boost to them. You see what happens when she wears certain designers or wears certain types of clothes, it just becomes a big moment.”
What she buys, they buy. What she supports, they do, too. So when Swift first showed up at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City to cheer on Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, her legion of Swifties followed, and it was, indeed, a big moment.
One that rocked the NFL world and kicked off one of the most insane pop culture crossover seasons in NFL history.
“We knew,” said Ian Trombetta, NFL SVP of social and influencer marketing, “it was going to be a culture moment like we haven’t seen (in some time).”
With that moment was an unprecedented opportunity to engage an entirely new audience that might not be typically tuning into an NFL broadcast on a Sunday afternoon. But the league also had to be somewhat careful about not overdoing things.
“Anytime she was doing something, cheering for Travis, Travis was doing something and celebrating whatever that may have been, we knew we had to push that content very quickly,” Trombetta said. “But not at the expense of our other clubs or frankly the other players who were doing amazing things as they always do every single week.”
Still, Trombetta wanted the NFL, at least on the social side, to “lean in” as much as it could and connect with all the Swifties now fixated on football.
One post with the simple caption, “In her RED era,” was a nod to Swift’s album titled “Red” as well as Swift’s outfit in support of the Chiefs.
Read more here.
GO FURTHER