Gracie Hunt and her family gifted Taylor Swift a luxurious purse for her 34th birthday after Travis Kelce passed up on purchasing the pricey bag himself, the Kansas City Chiefs heiress told Page Six exclusively.
“My mom, [Tavia Shackles], and I had a Neiman Marcus event, and got a peek at an exclusive collection that [Judith Lieber] did with them,” Gracie, 25, said at Shaq’s Fun House at XS in Wynn Las Vegas Friday night, recalling when she first spotted the Minaudieres Swarovski microphone purse worth a whopping $4,995.
“My mom actually sent Travis a message saying, ‘Hey, like, you need to get her this,’ and he sent her a message back and was, like, ‘I don’t even know if she likes that.'”
After Kelce, also 34, decided to not buy the bedazzled present, Gracie said Shackles, 52, took matters into her own hands.
“My mom was, like, ‘Well if you’re not [going to get it], this is our birthday present for Miss Taylor because she needs this,” the former Miss Kansas USA winner said. 
“All women love sparkly things.”
Gracie and her sister, Ava Hunt, presented Swift with the present wrapped in purple, pink and sparkles at Arrowhead Stadium in December 2023.
The socialite told Page Six that she hopes to once again “cross paths” with the pop superstar on Sunday but noted “it’s going to be total chaos for everybody.”
“We’re all super excited for Super Bowl Sunday,” the daughter of Chiefs co-owner, Clark Hunt, added.
Gracie also gushed about getting to know Swift, “It has been so much fun. She is absolutely incredible, bright, beautiful, so talented and it’s been so fun for all of America to cheer for this love story!”
“To watch two fantastic people just find happiness together, that’s something that we can all come together and cheer for.”
She also raved that the Grammy winner is “smart” and “kind,” adding, “She really makes every single person in the room feel so valued, and I think that’s what we all see in Taylor and why she has such an invested fan base.”
Page Six learned at Shaq’s Fun House that the party’s host, Shaquille O’Neal, is also a Swiftie.
“She’s a fabulous person. I’m happy for her. I’m proud of her. She’s done a lot. She’s definitely a cultural icon,” the NBA legend, 51, told us at the grand event. “I just want to shake the hand of greatness.”
O’Neal and Gracie may both get their chance to rub elbows with Swift because it was revealed earlier on Saturday that Kelce bought her and his family members their own private suite to watch him play in the big game.
Gracie also confirmed to Page Six exclusively that the “You Belong With Me” singer is all set to go for the NFL championship game.
“I know she definitely has her own accommodations,” the influencer told us before sharing the fun plans the Chiefs have in store for after the game.
“We have a big, wonderful afterparty that I’m very excited about,” Gracie said. “I can’t share too much tea right now but I’m really looking forward to it.”
The Chiefs will face off against the San Francisco 49ers at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas Sunday at 6:30 p.m. ET.
Advertisement