HOME BLOG
Feb 10, 2024, 11:02 AM                        | Updated: 11:02 am
BY JIM LAWSON
KOSI 101.1
Taylor Swift ‘rushes straight from show to her private jet In Tokyo’
Taylor Swift is headed to the big game! Following the conclusion of her Eras Tour performance in Tokyo, Taylor Swift reportedly hurried to her private jet to start her twelve-hour journey to Las Vegas, where she will watch Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs vs. the San Francisco 49ers.
The Associated Press reports that an hour after the “Bad Blood” singer’s show concluded, journalists saw minivans arrive at Haneda Airport, where “four to five people carrying large black umbrellas obstructed the view of a person.”
Swift will have to travel against the clock as she passes through multiple time zones to reach Vegas. Swift is expected to land in Sin City by 5:30 p.m. local time on Saturday (February 10) and have almost a full day to rest.
Look for Taylor in the VIP suite with her parents, brother and his girlfriend, and Kelce’s parents. Expect some of Taylor’s friends to be there too!
Jenny D

                                        Dale Jones might be a “Star Wars” nerd, but he is hilarious and brutally honest! Laughing so hard I was crying!                                    
19 hours ago
Tammy Oakland

                                        Colorado drivers have a serious case of road rage. ConsumerAffairs ranked the state as the third worst in the country, climbing up from fourth place last year.  The ranking comes […]                                    
20 hours ago
Tammy Oakland

                                        It’s never to early to start talking about Christmas! Denver’s dazzling Mile High Tree is on the move! This holiday season, it’s heading to the Auraria Campus, right next to […]                                    
21 hours ago
Jenny D

                                        Congrats to of #Ami of #arvada you won a pair of tickets to #MaddieandTae                                    
1 day ago
Jenny D

                                        The company, F21 OpCo, plans to wind down its U.S. business under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with liquidation sales.                                    
2 days ago
Jenny D

                                        Luckily no one was injured!                                    
2 days ago