Er, make that “well over $1 million.”
Not only does it look like Taylor Swift is showing up to the Super Bowl, she’s reportedly attending with her entire family and will share a suite with Travis Kelce’s family. The official invite list, per TMZ? Taylor’s mom and dad, Andrea Swift and Scott Swift; her brother Austin Swift and his girlfriend Sydney Ness; and Travis’s parents Ed Kelce and Donna Kelce; his brother Jason Kelce, and Jason’s wife, Kylie Kelce. 
Meanwhile, Taylor invited a few friends but TBD who made the cut (she’s been seen with a lot of celebs at recent games, including Keleigh Sperry, Cara Delevingne, and Blake Lively). 
Either way, apparently this suite is setting Travis back “well over $1 million,” according to Allegiant Stadium sources who spoke to TMZ.
Trav actually referenced the cost of hosting everyone during last week’s episode of his podcast New Heights, telling his brother, “I’m not really doing much different other than just counting how much money I’m spending on this damn Super Bowl for family and friends to come. Just making sure I’m on top of those finances and losing all this money.”
Travis’s mom Donna previously said she thought she’d be sitting in the stands, telling the Today show, “Well, you can understand that the boxes in Vegas are multimillion dollars. So I have a feeling I’m not in a box. I have a feeling I am in the stands. As far as I know, I’m in the stands with everybody else because it is a pricey Super Bowl.”
Attn: Serena Wasn’t Shading Drake at Super Bowl
Jason and Kylie Kelce’s Relationship Timeline
Kendrick's Super Bowl Jeans Were for Timmy
Things Are "Great" Between Travis and Taylor, FYI
Every Celeb @ Saquon Barkley's Super Bowl Party
Time to Deep Dive Into Tay & Haim’s Friendship
How Travis Spent the Night After Super Bowl Loss
Serena’s Hubs Alexis Defends Her Super Bowl Cameo
Jason Kelce Reacts to Travis' Super Bowl Loss
Nike’s Super Bowl Commercial Gave Me Chills
How Taylor Is "Comforting" Travis Post-Super Bowl
Hi, It's Time to Buy Kendrick Lamar & SZA Tickets
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.