Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
One Direction star turned solo artist Harry Styles has added a brand new addition to his celebrity lifestyle after he reportedly joined the exclusive Sunningdale Golf Club in Berkshire. 
The club, which costs a whopping £92,000 to join and carries an additional annual fee of £9,500, is known for its strict rules including a ban on mobile phones and a policy of not discussing membership in public.
 The 30 year old singer is in good company at the club, with other famous members including Samuel L. Jackson, Prince Andrew and basketball legend Michael Jordan. 
A source told The Sun: "Harry was playing at Sunningdale recently and put in a good performance. 
"He's not just a good singer and one of the world's best-loved pop stars - he's a thoroughly decent amateur golfer. He's clearly put in a lot of work on the green to get up to that standard." 
Harry first found fame on The X Factor in 2010, where he was put together with Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik and Niall Horan to form One Direction. However, his fame has also brought unwanted attention, as he was recently left shaken by the antics of a stalker named Myra Carvalho.
Myra has been charged with causing Harry serious harm or distress after he was targeted by her in north London while returning from a holiday.
Appearing at Highbury Corner Magistrates' court, it was reported that she had "pursued a course of conduct namely harassment which amounted to stalking causing serious alarm or distress."
As a result the behaviour had a "substantial adverse effect" on Harry's day-to-day routine, with a source later telling The Sun: "Harry was really shaken up. He had spent the start of the month in Anguilla with Taylor and James Corden and he'd had a great break. This happened not long after he had come back. Harry just wants to carry on as normal, but this has been concerning."
 Since Harry became a global success, it wasn't just his music that has been a talking point - so too is his dating history. Among some of his romances including Taylor Swift, Olivia Wilde and Emily Atack, Harry also dated Kim Kardashian's younger sister Kendall Jenner. In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine, Harry admitted that Kendall was a big inspiration for his May 2017 debut studio album. 
He said: "She's a huge part of the album. Sometimes you want to tip the hat, and sometimes you just want to give them the whole cap ... and hope they know it's just for them." The pair never confirmed their romance but stayed on good terms and were spotted having a lengthy conversation at the 2019 Met Gala.