On Sunday, pop star Taylor Swift is expected to attend her boyfriend Travis Kelce's Super Bowl game, flying back in time from her Eras Tour dates in Japan. Also expected at the scene are the couple's families and they'll need a place to watch the action from. According to TMZ, Kelce is planning to cover the cost of a suite for Swift, her family, and his family to hang out together during the action.
The publication spoke with a source who said some of the people expected at the event include Swift's mom, Andrea, her dad, Scott, and her brother, Austin along with Austin's girlfriend, Sydney. From Kelce's side, his mom Donna is expected, as well as his dad Ed, his brother Jason and Jason's wife Kylie. The group may also be joined by friends—in the past Swift has attended games with Blake Lively, Sophie Turner, Sabrina Carpenter and other big celebs. 
The Super Bowl takes place this year at Allegiant Stadium, and the source claimed the suite costs over $1 million. Kelce seemed to allude to the high price earlier this week while talking to Jason on their New Heights podcast, joking, “I’m not really doing much different other than just counting how much money I’m spending on this damn Super Bowl for family and friends to come.”
“Just making sure I’m on top of those finances and losing all this money,” he added.
His mother Donna mentioned the high cost of seats at the Las Vegas arena on the Today show on Wednesday as well.
“Well, you can understand that the boxes in Vegas are multi-million dollars, so I have a feeling I’m not in a box,” Donna said. “I have a feeling I am in the stands. … As far as I know, I’m in the stands with everyone else because it is a pricey Super Bowl.”
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
Zendaya & Tom Holland’s Romance Through the Years
Everything You Need to Know About Georgia Groome
All About Lili Reinhart's Boyfriend, Jack Martin
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Share Hot Kiss
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.