Add Shaquille O’Neal to the list of A-list Swifties.
The NBA legend, 51, raved about Taylor Swift at his annual Super Bowl party, Shaq’s Fun House, at XS in the Wynn hotel in Las Vegas Friday night, telling Page Six exclusively that he would “love” to be able to meet the pop superstar.
“If I see Taylor Swift and get to shake her hand, take a picture, I’ll be good,” O’Neal said during our red carpet interview.
The former Los Angeles Lakers player shared he went on Google to see if he had met Swift, 34, before since he meets “a lot” of celebrities all the time, but it appears they have not yet crossed paths.
“She’s a fabulous person. I’m happy for her. I’m proud of her. She’s done a lot. She’s definitely a cultural icon,” O’Neal continued to gush.
“I just want to shake the hand of greatness.”
Earlier this week, the “Inside the NBA” host shared he was hoping to snag a seat close to Swift at Allegiant Stadium on Super Bowl Sunday.
“I hope I’m sitting in the suite next to Taylor Swift,” he previously told TMZ Sports.
Although O’Neal’s exact seating arrangements are unknown, Page Six can confirm Swift will be in her own private box following weeks of speculation over where the Grammy winner will be for the big game.
Kansas City Chiefs heiress Gracie Hunt — who is the daughter of the team’s co-owner, Clark Hunt — told us at Shaq’s Fun House Friday night that Swift “definitely has her own accommodations.”
“I hope to cross paths with her on Sunday, but it’s going to be total chaos for everybody,” the former Miss Kansas USA winner said. “We’re all super excited for Super Bowl Sunday.”
Sources told TMZ Saturday that Travis Kelce paid for a suite, which will host the “Lover” singer, her parents, Andrea and Scott Swift, brother Austin Swift and his girlfriend, as well as the tight end’s own folks, Donna and Ed Kelce, brother Jason Kelce and sister-in-law Kylie Kelce.
The Chiefs will be facing off against the San Francisco 49ers for Super Bowl LVIII.
When asked if he has allegiance to either team, O’Neal instead joked with Page Six that he will be rooting for the Dallas Cowboys — who did not qualify for the NFL championship game.
The “Kazaam” star then also moved from chatting about one icon to another: his late pal, Kobe Bryant.
On Thursday, a statue honoring the Hall of Famer was unveiled outside of Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
“I want to give a shoutout to his parents, Pam and Joe Bryant,” O’Neal told us. “It was a great event. It was inevitable that his statue would be out there.”
Kobe was tragically killed in a helicopter crash on Jan. 26, 2020, alongside his 13-year-old daughter, Gianna, and seven other people.
O’Neal reflected on his close bond with his former teammate, telling us, “[I] definitely couldn’t have won those championships without him … if I had one wish it would be able to just talk to him and say congratulations.”
Advertisement