By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  16:27, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:33, 7 January 2024   
 169
View  comments
It's the perfect place for film legends to make a fashion statement.
The celebs will return to the red carpet for the highly anticipated 81st Golden Globes on Sunday, dressed in couture designer ensembles. 
Barbie and Oppenheimer have both received multiple nominations,  and viewers will expect Margot Robbie to pull out all the stops after wowing fans with her pink wardrobe during the promo of the film last year.
But before Emily Blunt, Ryan Gosling and Pedro Pascal make headlines with their latest fashion pieces, MailOnline compiled the top 20 most expensive red carpet looks of all time.
The most expensive look may come as a surprise as its price tag comes at an eyewatering $32 million.
Estimated worth: $150,000
Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o turned heads in 2015 in her custom-made Calvin Klein collection gown, designed by Francisco Costa, worth at least $150,000 in 2015.
The stunning garment, created with 6,000 pearls, detailed a thick cream halterneck and dramatic scooped back showcasing Lupita's toned back and gorgeous curves.
It is believed each white Akoya pearl retails at around $100 per pearl and wholesales at $25, meaning in pearls alone, the stunning gown is worth over $150,000.
The long-length piece, which was at the center of a theft scandal in 2015, had a fitted upper body which flowed into elaborately detailed skirt.
The 40-year-old proved she did not need a nomination to steal the show that year as she attended the event with actor J.K. Simmons.
In 2014, Lupita won Best Supporting Actress at the 86th Academy Awards.
Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o turned heads in 2015 in her custom-made Calvin Klein collection gown, designed by Francisco Costa, worth at least $150,000
The stunning garment, created with 6,000 pearls, detailed a thick cream halter neck and dramatic scooped back showcasing Lupita's toned back and gorgeous curves
In 2014, Lupita won Best Supporting Actress at the 86th Academy Awards
Estimated worth: $167,500
Hollywood fashion icon Elizabeth Taylor made history at the 42nd Academy Awards as she put on a busty display for her presenting debut.
The actress, who died in March 2011 at 79, donned a blue chiffon design by Edith Head.
It is believed Edith specifically designed the dress for Elizabeth and thought the colour would make her eye pop.
Elizabeth sent pulses racing in 1970 as the garment featured a lowcut balcony bodice which was cinched at the waist.
She accessorised her look with the infamous 'Taylor-Burton diamond' bought by herself and Richard Burton in 1969.
The 69.42 carat pear-shaped diamond was specially re-set into a necklace to present the Best Picture gong to the cast of Midnight Cowboy that evening.
The dress, which was created for her presenting debut for the Golden Globes event, was auctioned off in 1999 and sold for $167,500.
Hollywood fashion icon Elizabeth Taylor made history at the 42nd Academy Awards as she put on a busty display for her presenting debut
The actress, who died in March 2011 at 79, donned a blue chiffon design by Edith Head
She accessorised her look with the infamous 'Taylor-Burton diamond' bought by herself and Richard Burton in 1969
The dress, which was created for her presenting debut for the Golden Globes event, was auctioned off in 1999 and sold for $167,500
Estimated worth: $265,046
Australian actress Cate Blanchett put on a glitzy display in 2007 as she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for her role in Notes on a Scandal at the 79th Academy Awards.
She may have lost to 'dream girl' Jennifer Hudson, but she stole the show on the red carpet.
The 54-year-old sported a Swarovski crystal mesh Armani Privé gown worth at least $265,046.
The elegant one-shoulder dress showcased her petite waist and toned physique as it clung tightly to her slender shape.
It detailed an intricate beading design across the single shoulder strap and along the bottom of the gown.
Australian actress Cate Blanchett put on a glitzy display in 2007 as she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for her role in Notes on a Scandal at the 79th Academy Awards
The 54-year-old sported a Swarovski crystal mesh Armani Privé gown worth at least $265,046
The elegant one-shoulder dress showcased her petite waist and toned physique as it clung tightly to her slender shape
Estimated worth: $357,710
American media personality and Hilton Hotel-heiress, Paris Hilton, put on a dazzling display in 2017.
Paris, 42, donned an August Getty gown, worth $357,710, for the Hollywood Beauty Awards - an event celebrating 'science behind beauty, health and wellness' and 'honouring the architects of beauty and The Daytime Beauty Awards'.
The piece was studded with 500,000 Swarovski crystals, which featured a daringly low scooped neckline and perilously high thigh split.
The Simple Life reality star wore metallic shoes and a dazzling handbag with her floor-sweeping glitter gown.
Paris collected the Fragrance Of the Year Award for her perfume, Gold Rush after it is believed she built a $2 billion empire with her line of fragrances.
American media personality and Hilton Hotel-heiress, Paris Hilton, put on a dazzling display in 2017
Paris, 42, donned an August Getty gown, worth $357,710, for the Hollywood Beauty Awards - an event celebrating 'science behind beauty, health and wellness' 
Paris collected the Fragrance Of the Year Award for her perfume, Gold Rush after it is believed she built a $2 billion empire with her line of fragrances
Estimated worth: $2.65 million
Australian-American actress and film producer Nicole Kidman certainly turned heads in 1997 as she stepped out in lime green.
The Eyes Wide Shut star, 56, stepped out at the 1997 Academy Awards red carpet in a chartreuse custom gown worth $2 million and jewellery costing $650,000.
The dress, designed by John Galliano, was known as the most expensive gown worn to the Oscars for many years.
At the time, many outlets pointed to it as one of the most influential and has gone down in history as one of the first successful haute couture statements.
She accompanied Tom Cruise who was nominated for Best Leading Actor for his role in Jerry Maguire. 
Nicole sported the sleeveless garment gracefully as her swimmers-figure showcased the dress's elegant cut.
Australian-American actress and film producer Nicole Kidman certainly turned heads in 1997 as she stepped out in lime green
The Eyes Wide Shut star, 56, stepped out at the 1997 Academy Awards red carpet in a chartreuse custom gown worth $2 million and jewellery costing $650,000
She accompanied Tom Cruise as his guest and sported the sleeveless garment gracefully as her swimmers-figure showcased the dress's elegant cut
Estimated worth: $3.97 million
Bad Gal RiRi made history in 2015 as she seeped in glamour and stepped out on the red carpet to raise money for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute in New York City.
Rihanna, 35, donned an imperial yellow Guo Pei custom design, worth nearly $4million.
The outfit came complete with a fur-trimmed cape embroidered with scrolls and scrolls of flora.
She paired the dress, handmade by one Chinese woman, and took two years to make, with a golden headdress and metallic studded heels.
The garment was specifically made for the gala's theme that year: 'China: Through the Looking Glass'.
Fashionistas placed Rihanna at the top of nearly every best dressed list for the jaw-dropping number but she previously admitted that she was actually self-conscious and felt like a 'clown' before getting out of the car that day. 
Bad Gal RiRi made history in 2015 as she seeped in glamour and stepped out on the red carpet to raise money for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute in New York City
Rihanna, 35, donned an imperial yellow Guo Pei custom design, worth nearly $4million
She paired the dress, handmade by one Chinese woman, and took two years to make, with a golden headdress and metallic studded heels
The garment was specifically made for the gala's theme that year: 'China: Through the Looking Glass'
Estimated worth: $4 million
The Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence stunned viewers in 2013 as she stepped out in a $4million dress to mark the 85th Oscars.
Jennifer, 33, looked every inch chic as she donned a cream-coloured Dior gown designed by Raf Simons.
It is the most expensive dress ever worn to the Oscars and made its way onto the red carpet as the actress secured her Best Actress gong at the 2013 ceremony.
Her strapless garment featured a gorgeous peplum voluminous skirt that showcased her envious curves and toned arms.
While the dress was breathtaking to look at, the ballgown's extravagant skirt sadly led her to fall on the stairs when she went to pick up her gong.
The Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence stunned viewers in 2013 as she stepped out in a $4million dress to mark the 85th Oscars
Jennifer, 33, looked every inch chic as she donned a cream-coloured Dior gown designed by Raf Simons. It is the most expensive dress ever worn to the Oscars 
Estimated worth: $4.5 million
Mad Max star Charlize Theron may not have worn one of the most expensive dresses, but she did step out in a very costly outfit.
She is one of the world's highest-paid actresses, which makes it a little more understandable why the 48-year-old stepped out to the 2013 Academy Awards wearing $4million worth of Harry Winston jewellery.
The three stunning diamond cuffs and earrings were paired with an elegant white peplum Christian Dior gown, which trailed a foot along the floor and was worth $100,000.
She put on a busty display for the outing as the dress's lowcut front accentuated her ample cleavage.
The jewellery alone is valued at over $4million. 
Mad Max star Charlize Theron may not have worn one of the most expensive dresses, but she did step out in a very costly outfit
She is one of the world's highest-paid actresses, which makes it a little more understandable why the 48-year-old stepped out to the 2013 Academy Awards wearing $4million worth of Harry Winston jewellery
Estimated worth: $4.9 million
Poker Face star Lady Gaga, looked sensational as she donned a lilac Valentino gown to the 2019 Golden Globes.
But the singing sensation, 37, got her applause for her classy taste in jewellery.
Tiffany & Co created a custom-made necklace for the House of Gucci star.
She donned the Tiffany Aurora necklace with over 300 pear-shaped and round brilliant diamonds.
The egg-sized diamond centrepiece is over 20 carats and worth over $4.9million.
Part of Valentino's Fall 2018 couture collection, her strapless gown featured puffed off-the-shoulder sleeves and a dramatic cascading train.
For the 76th Golden Globe Awards, she was nominated for six awards and won Best Actress in a Drama Motion Picture and Original Song.
Poker Face star Lady Gaga,  37, looked sensational as she donned a lilac Valentino gown to the 2019 Golden Globes
She donned the Tiffany Aurora necklace with over 300 pear-shaped and round brilliant diamonds
For the 76th Golden Globe Awards, she was nominated for six awards and won Best Actress in a Drama Motion Picture and Original Song
Estimated worth: $7 million
Modern Family star, Sofia Vergara, sent pulses racing in an eye-popping Vera Wang dress.
The America's Got Talent judge, 51, flaunted her fabulous figure in a curve-clinging red lace gown.
With a plunging neckline, a form-fitting cut and a fish-tail design, the dress emphasised her famous form.
But the Columbian-born actress was dripping in gems, topping 161 carats, culminating in $7million worth of accessories.
Included in her impressive roster of adornments were platinum earrings inlaid with rubies, sapphires, and Colombian emeralds - by itself, there were 100 carats.
Completing her jewellery ensemble was a 40-carat diamond and emerald ring, along with another 21-carat diamond ring.
She stepped out in the impressive collection as she was nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Comedy Series for her role as Gloria Pritchett in Modern Family.
Modern Family star, Sofia Vergara, sent pulses racing in an eye-popping Vera Wang dress
The America's Got Talent judge, 51, flaunted her fabulous figure in a curve-clinging red lace gown
But the Columbian-born actress was dripping in gems, topping 161 carats, culminating in $7million worth of accessories
Estimated worth: $8 million
Enchanted actress Amy Adams stunned at the 2014 Golden Globes as she donned a Valentino Couture collection dress with a two-toned cape.
The American actress, 49, collected her award after she won Best Actress in a Comedy for her leading role in American Hustle.
Amy stunned viewers as she paired her fairly simple and elegant dress with a Lorraine Schwartz 12-carat rose-cut diamond ring and a 10-carat unheated ruby, both mounted in yellow gold.
The jewel ensemble was worth upward of $7million.
Her gown, which featured a plunging neckline, was reminiscent of her attire in the 1970s-set American Hustle.
Enchanted actress Amy Adams stunned at the 2014 Golden Globes as she donned a Valentino Couture collection dress with a two-toned cape
The American actress, 49, collected her award after she won Best Actress in a Comedy for her leading role in American Hustle
Amy stunned viewers as she paired her fairly simple and elegant dress with a Lorraine Schwartz 12-carat rose-cut diamond ring and a 10-carat unheated ruby, both mounted in yellow gold
Estimated worth: $8.2 million
Ocean's 8 star Sandra Bullock looked sensational as she donned an Alexander McQueen blue gown.
The satin dress featured a sweetheart neckline, dramatic draping to the left hip and a subdued elegance.
But stealing the show of Sanda's sophisticated look are her Lorraine Schwartz platinum and diamond earrings worth $1.8 million and a matching bracelet worth $6.4 million.
Her floral earrings trailed along the bottom lobes of the star's ears, and her brunette tresses were swept along one side to showcase her elegant taste in jewellery.
Sandra was up for the Best Actress Oscar for her role in Gravity.
Ocean's 8 star Sandra Bullock looked sensational as she donned an Alexander McQueen blue gown. Sandra was up for the Best Actress Oscar for her role in Gravity
But stealing the show of Sanda's sophisticated look are her Lorraine Schwartz platinum and diamond earrings worth $1.8 million and a matching bracelet worth $6.4 million
Estimated worth: $10.2 million
The Devil Wears Prada star, Anne Hathaway, seeped elegance as she stepped out for the 2011 Academy Awards.
She donned a vintage red gown from the 2002 Autumn/Winter collection as she hosted the ceremony alongside James Franco.
The classic strapless design featured ruffled rose detailing along the sides of the dress, which helped drape in the two-tier train which trailed behind.
The lady in red, 41, turned heads on the carpet as she accessorised her classic look with diamonds from Tiffany & Co.
She accessorised with a Lucida Star necklace worth $10 million and a $285,000 Legacy diamond ring.
The Devil Wears Prada star, Anne Hathaway, seeped elegance as she stepped out for the 2011 Academy Awards
She donned a vintage red gown from the 2002 Autumn/Winter collection as she hosted the ceremony alongside James Franco
Anne, 41, accessorised with a Lucida Star necklace worth $10 million and a $285,000 Legacy diamond ring
Estimated worth: $12 million
Singing legend Beyoncé stole the show at the 2017 Grammys, and it wasn't just because of her flawless performance, aced while she was pregnant.
Queen Bey, 42, made her Peter Dundas debut as she glittered in a plunging, sparkly red gown part of their Eponymous collection for Marnixmarni.
And while the gown can catch a twinkling eye for miles, it was her accessories that made this look the star of the show.
The vocalist paired her glitzy look with a $12million Lorraine Schwartz necklace made of over 400 carats of diamonds.
The piece was set with interlinked individual diamonds that joined together in the centre and trailed down her chest, highlighting her ample cleavage.
And in true Beyoncé fashion, she finished off the look with a handful of Lorraine Schwartz diamond rings.
She was nominated for nine awards this year but, in the end, won two: Best Urban Contemporary Album for Lemonade and a music video prize for the song Formation.
Singing legend Beyoncé stole the show at the 2017 Grammys, and it wasn't just because of her flawless performance, aced while she was pregnant
Queen Bey, 42, made her Peter Dundas debut as she glittered in a plunging, sparkly red gown part of their Eponymous collection for Marnixmarni
The vocalist paired her glitzy look with a $12million Lorraine Schwartz necklace made of over 400 carats of diamonds. She was nominated for nine awards this year but, in the end, won two
Estimated worth: $15.89 million
Making her way onto the list again, Charlize Theron topped her previous year's look from 2013 with a body full of diamonds.
Charlize donned a dramatic black Dior haute couture mermaid gown with sheer illusion straps.
The fitted bodess flows down with a sheer skirt and tiered hem, which fans out into a dramatic train.
While her gown may ooze elegance, it was Charlize's Harry Winston jewellery which caught the eye of designers across the globe.
Her Cluster Diamond Pendant was from the Incredibles Collection, set with a completely flawless 31ct emerald-cut diamond.
Charlize presented the awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Sound Editing with Chris Hemsworth.
Making her way onto the list again, Charlize Theron topped her previous year's look from 2013 with a body full of diamonds
Charlize donned a dramatic black Dior haute couture mermaid gown with sheer illusion straps. She presented the awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Sound Editing
It was Charlize's Harry Winston jewellery which caught the eye of designers across the globe. Her Cluster Diamond Pendant was from the Incredibles Collection, set with a completely flawless 31ct emerald-cut diamond
Estimated worth: $18.1 million
Sporting another Armani Privé gown, Cate was ready to drop the jaws of fashionistas across the globe.
She showed off her chic sense of style in a $100,000, embroidered with Swarovski crystals and gold sequins.
Her gold-coloured cap-sleeve gown featured a long, flared tulle skirt with crinoline edging.
It was fully embroidered with raised dégradé sequins and light gold Swarovski crystal baguettes.
And while her gown may be nothing short of sensational, it was her Chopard jewellery which landed her in a top five spot for most expensive red carpet looks.
Her earrings, brown diamond bracelet and pear-shaped diamond ring were worth more than $18million.
The earrings alone had 62 opals set in white gold.
She won the Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in Blue Jasmine.
Sporting another Armani Privé gown, Cate was ready to drop the jaws of fashionistas across the globe
Her earrings, brown diamond bracelet and pear-shaped diamond ring were worth more than $18million. The earrings alone had 62 opals set in white gold
Estimated worth: $20 million
Titanic star Gloria Stuart not only made history at the 1998 Academy Awards as the oldest nominee for an acting Oscar at the time, but she also gave the world a glimpse of her impeccable jewellery taste.
The actress, who died in 2010 aged 100, kept her outfit simple with an emerald blue church suit which ruffled along the neckline.
It was the accessories that she went all out for as she donned a replica of the legendary Heart of the Ocean, as depicted in Titanic.
The blue 15-carat diamond is worth a reported $20 million. 
It held the crown for most valuable jewellery at the Oscars for more than 20 years, after she wore a US$20 million 15-carat blue diamond necklace from Harry Winston – just like the one in the film – in 1998.
Titanic star Gloria Stuart not only made history at the 1998 Academy Awards as the oldest nominee for an acting Oscar at the time, but she  donned a replica of the legendary Heart of the Ocean, as depicted in Titanic. The blue 15-carat diamond is worth a reported $20 million
Estimated worth: $20 million
Before it became the norm to rack up the price of a red carpet look with millions of dollars worth of jewellery, Madonna channelled her inner Marilyn Monroe for the event.
In 1991, Madonna, fresh from her Blond Ambition world tour, commanded attention in her lowcut, pearl-encrusted Bob Mackie gown.
The singing sensation, 65, who took Michael Jackson as a date, paired the iconic look with a white stole.
But stealing the limelight was her Harry Winston diamond necklace and earrings worth a reported $20 million.
At the 63rd award ceremony, Madonna won an Oscar for Best Original Song, Sooner Or Later, which she performed that evening.
Before it became the norm to rack up the price of a red carpet look with millions of dollars worth of jewellery, Madonna channelled her inner Marilyn Monroe for the event
In 1991, Madonna, fresh from her Blond Ambition world tour, commanded attention in her lowcut, pearl-encrusted Bob Mackie gown
But stealing the limelight was her Harry Winston diamond necklace and earrings worth a reported $20 million. She brought Michael Jackson as her date for the win
Estimated worth: $31 million
Before He Cheats singer Carrie Underwood looked divine for the 2013 Grammys as her look was worth upward of £ 31 million.
After being nominated for two awards, the American singer wore a black, strapless Roberto Cavalli gown.
The lace and embroidered, curve-hugging mermaid silhouette showed off the star's curvaceous figure.
Her slight sweetheart neckline was complimented by Johnathon Arndt diamonds worth $30 million.
Her necklace featured 381 carats worth of jewels.
She won a Grammy for Best Country Solo Performance for Blown Away at the 55th award ceremony.
Before He Cheats singer Carrie Underwood looked divine for the 2013 Grammys as her look was worth upward of £ 31 million
Her slight sweetheart neckline was complimented by Johnathon Arndt diamonds worth $30 million. Her necklace featured 381 carats worth of jewels
Estimated worth: $32 million
Securing herself firmly in fashion history, Lady Gaga, sits comfortably in the top spot as she looked sensational in an outfit worth, $32 million.
The Telephone star wore a custom-made Alexander McQueen black gown.
She opted for a dramatic new red carpet silhouette with sculptural padded hips and a lengthy train.
The Sarah Burton design was an ultra-feminine choice to accompany her $30million accessory.
She made history when she stepped out on the carpet in 2019 as she donned the most notable piece in the Tiffany & Co - the Tiffany diamond.
Having only been worn twice before, the latest was Audrey Hepburn, Lady Gaga made history as she wore the 128.54-carat yellow diamond necklace for the event.
The diamond was first discovered in South Africa in 1877 and was acquired by Tiffany one year later. 
It is now typically kept on display under lock and key in the brand's Fifth Avenue flagship location.
Securing herself firmly in fashion history, Lady Gaga, sits comfortably in the top spot as she looked sensational in an outfit worth, $32 million
The Sarah Burton design accompanied her $30million accessory. She made history as she donned the most notable piece in the Tiffany & Co - the Tiffany diamond
Having only been worn twice before, the latest was Audrey Hepburn, Lady Gaga made history as she wore the 128.54-carat yellow diamond necklace for the event
Best Motion Picture - Drama
Anatomy of a Fall
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
The Zone of Interest 
Oppenheimer earned top prize Best Motion Picture - Drama (Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas are pictured)
Best Motion Picture - Animated
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse 
Suzume
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Wish  
Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language
Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Fallen Leaves
Io Capitano
Past Lives
Society of the Snow
The Zone of Interest
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Andrew Scott - All of Us Strangers 
Barry Keoghan - Saltburn
Bradley Cooper - Maestro
Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Colman Domingo - Rustin
Leonardo DiCaprio - Killers of the Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
Joaquin Phoenix - Beau is Afraid
Matt Damon - Air
Nicolas Cage - Dream Scenario
Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers - WINNER
Timothée Chalamet - Wonka
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Charles Melton - May December
Mark Ruffalo - Poor Things
Robert De Niro - Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling - Barbie
Willem Dafoe - Poor Things
Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. both earned Best Performance by a Male Actor and Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for Oppenheimer, respectively
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - Barbie
Tony McNamara - Poor Things
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song - Past Lives
Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
Addicted to Romance - She Came to Me - Bruce Springsteen
Dance the Night - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, Caroline Ailin
I'm Just Ken - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt
Peaches - The Super Mario Bros. Movie - Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, John Spiker
Road to Freedom - Rustin - Lenny Kravitz
What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell - WINNER
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us
Emma Stone - The Curse
Helen Mirren - 1923
Imelda Staunton - The Crown
Keri Russell - The Diplomat
Sarah Snook - Succession - WINNER
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Ayo Edebiri - The Bear -WINNER
Elle Fanning - The Great
Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face
Quinta Brunson - Abbott Elementary
Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Selena Gomez - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
Ali Wong - Beef - WINNER
Brie Larson - Lessons in Chemistry
Elizabeth Olsen - Love & Death
Juno Temple - Fargo
Rachel Weisz - Dead Ringers
Riley Keough - Daisy Jones and the Six 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Abby Elliott - The Bear
Christina Ricci - Yellowjackets
Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown - WINNER
Hannah Waddingham - Ted Lasso
J. Smith-Cameron - Succession
Meryl Streep - Only Murders in the Building 
 Elizabeth Debicki won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television for The Crown
Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television
Amy Schumer: Emergency Contact
Chris Rock: Selective Outrage
Ricky Gervais: Armageddon - WINNER
Sarah Silverman: Someone You Love
Trevor Noah: Where Was I 
Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer 
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy 
Air 
American Fiction
Barbie
The Holdovers
May December
Poor Things - WINNER
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement
Barbie - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
The Super Mario Bros. Movie 
Barbie beat out Taylor Swift in a new category Cinematic and Box Office Achievement as Margot Robbie accepted
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Annette Bening - Nyad
Cailee Spaeny -  Priscilla
Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Greta Lee - Past Lives
Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon - WINNER
Sandra Hüller - Anatomy of a Fall
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Alma Pöysti - Fallen Leaves
Emma Stone - Poor Things - WINNER
Fantasia Barrino - The Color Purple (2023)
Jennifer Lawrence - No Hard Feelings
Margot Robbie - Barbie
Natalie Portman - May December 
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for Poor Things and also led the film to top honor Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple (2023)
Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers - WINNER
Emily Blunt - Oppenheimer
Jodie Foster - Nyad
Julianne Moore - May December
Rosamund Pike - Saltburn
Best Director - Motion Picture
Bradley Cooper - Maestro 
Celine Song - Past Lives
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Yorgos Lanthimos - Poor Things 
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
The Boy and the Heron
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Poor Things
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Zone of Interest 
Best Television Series - Drama
1923
The Crown
The Diplomat
The Last of Us
The Morning Show
Succession - WINNER
Succession nearly swept the television drama categories including top prize Best Television Series - Drama
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
All the Light We Cannot See
Beef - WINNER
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fargo
Fellow Travelers
Lessons in Chemistry 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Brian Cox - Succession
Dominic West - The Crown
Gary Oldman - Slow Horses
Jeremy Strong - Succession
Kieran Culkin - Succession - WINNER
Pedro Pascal - The Last of Us
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Bill Hader - Barry
Jason Segel - Shrinking
Jason Sudeikis - Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White - The Bear - WINNER
Martin Short - Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
David Oyelowo - Lawman: Bass Reeves
Jon Hamm - Fargo
Matt Bomer - Fellow Travelers
Sam Claflin - Daisy Jones and the Six
Steven Yeun - Beef - WINNER
Woody Harrelson - White House Plumbers 
Steven Yeun took home Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television for Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Alan Ruck - Succession 
Alexander Skarsgård - Succession
Billy Crudup - The Morning Show
Ebon Moss-Bachrach - The Bear
James Marsden - Jury Duty
Matthew Macfadyen - Succession - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group