Culture
203 New Updates
One of the best-selling musical artists of all time, Usher took center stage at Allegiant Stadium for the Super Bowl LVIII halftime show.
Usher, who released his new album, "Coming Home," on Friday, performed a 14-song set preceded with a short intro of his popular track "My Way." Usher had special guest appearances from Alicia Keys, Jermaine Dupri, H.E.R., will.i.am, Lil Jon and Ludacris.
Additionally, Usher added pieces of his residency from Las Vegas. He used a part of the 13-minute show by showcasing his skating skills. Usher, however, did not perform any of the songs from his new album.
Where does Usher's performance rank among the all-time greats in Super Bowl history?
For all of that and more on the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show, follow along for analysis and updates from The Athletic.
Full Usher set list:
Intro: "My Way"
Nine-time Grammy-winning artist Rihanna took center stage at halftime of Super Bowl LVII between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles.
Clad in a stunning red outfit — an image that went viral after it was confirmed the superstar is pregnant again — Rihanna performed her 12-song set list on platforms hanging from the ceiling of State Farm Arena.
Advertisement
There are tons of traditional, and unorthodox, bets you can place every Super Bowl, but there’s nothing quite like a good old-fashioned squares pool. There’s something magical about rooting for “your” numbers while imagining convoluted scenarios that would get you to cash in.
“I need the 49ers to score a touchdown here, then have the Chiefs score a field goal and then no one score for the rest of the quarter. Easy.”
It’s also a good way to turn a game in which you don’t have a rooting interest into something you’re invested in. That’s usually true of betting in general, but there’s something carefree and almost innocent about squares. There’s no buyer’s remorse because you didn’t get to pick your numbers (outside of playing squares at a sportsbook where all the odds are intentionally against you). And because you can’t pick your numbers, there’s no skill or knowledge required. You want to play? You have as good of a shot as anyone else — until the squares are assigned.
Check out my article below to know which squares you want to own on Super Bowl Sunday. 
GO FURTHER
The Handshake Bets trio won Betr’s fantasy league and faced a unique problem — the prize is two tickets to the Super Bowl and there are three of them. So they decided to do a “72 hours in a casino challenge” — nobody can leave, and the last two standing get the tickets. If all three make it, whoever won the least money is out. They’re on hour 43 right now.
One of the best ways to engage with the big game if you're not a 49ers or Chiefs fan is by playing our Super Bowl Party Props game. For the last few years, Brandon Funston has made a party prop sheet for his annual Super Bowl party. Now, we give you the option to fill out the sheet on a Google doc and the top 10 performers will win a year-long subscription to The Athletic. 
Terms and conditions apply and you can find the Google Doc, the downloadable PDF and our prop analysis all in the story below. 
Plus, if you fill out the sheet, we'll email you with how many correct answers you got after the game. 
GO FURTHER
An account manager at Paramount Business Jets, which offers worldwide private jet charter flights but is not affiliated with Taylor Swift plans, said that as of Jan. 26, there were no slots available to land in Las Vegas during Super Bowl weekend.
“I have four clients who wanted to fly in for the Super Bowl and we had to cancel their trips because nobody is able to get the proper times to land in Las Vegas,” the account manager said.
Swift’s travel plans are not clear, and she hasn’t publicly confirmed she will attend the Super Bowl. An email to her publicist was not immediately returned.
Even if Swift doesn’t land in Las Vegas, however, she could fly into Los Angeles — to either LAX or Van Nuys Airport — and drive the rest of the way.
In that scenario, the flight would be roughly 45 minutes shorter to Los Angeles, meaning a flight of about 9 hours and 45 minutes.
A drive from LAX to Allegiant Stadium takes four to five hours, depending on stops and traffic. 
GO FURTHER
A private jet at Haneda Airport has left Japan and is on track to land in Los Angeles at 4:21 p.m. Over 7,000 FlightRadar24 users are watching the flight, which has been nicknamed "VistaJet (The Football Era)." Is it Taylor Swift? We'll find out eventually.
Advertisement
Taylor Swift has left the Tokyo Dome to go to her private jet at Haneda Airport, the Associated Press reports. Over 2,000 fans are using a flight tracking website to watch Swift begin what's presumed to be her journey to the Super Bowl.
GO FURTHER
After four concerts in Tokyo, Taylor Swift may be taking a detour from her Eras Tour to see the Super Bowl in Las Vegas. But there won't be much time to rest after that.
The international leg of her tour continues with three performances at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Australia, beginning Friday. From there, it's four nights in Sydney and six shows over eight days (March 2-9) in Singapore.
After that, there's a break before the tour resumes in Paris on May 9.
Prices for Sunday's Super Bowl are the most expensive on record, as we wrote earlier this week.
Could a certain mega-famous pop star who has frequented Chiefs games this season be a reason prices for this Super Bowl are so high?
Reps for StubHub and TickPick, two online ticket marketplaces, said they didn’t have any data to pinpoint that the possibility of a Taylor Swift appearance may be affecting the secondary ticket market, but StubHub does have numbers to prove her presence impacted previous sales.
“In the 24 hours after Taylor’s first appearance at a Chiefs game, on StubHub we experienced three times the amount of sales for their next home game. That’s the most single-day increase since the schedule release,” spokesperson Adam Budelli said.
GO FURTHER
Era's Tour Night 4 in Tokyo has wrapped up! After performing for over three hours, Taylor Swift will need to fly from Japan to the U.S. to make it to the Super Bowl. Depending on if Swift lands in L.A. or goes directly to Las Vegas, the flight will be between nine to 13 hours.
Swift has not publicly confirmed her travel plans or whether she plans to be at the game. But here's more on how she could get there.
GO FURTHER
There are two things you need to know right off the bat about Taylor Swift’s loyal legion of fans. There are tens of millions of “Swifties” all over the world. And they are a passionate, dedicated bunch.
“There is a lot of weight to what she does and a lot of weight to anything that she co-signs,” said Brittany Spanos, a Rolling Stone senior writer who taught a Taylor Swift course at NYU’s prestigious Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music. “You see an artist that she is friends with or brings on tour or talks about their music, and that’s a huge boost to them. You see what happens when she wears certain designers or wears certain types of clothes, it just becomes a big moment.”
What she buys, they buy. What she supports, they do, too. So when Swift first showed up at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City to cheer on Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, her legion of Swifties followed, and it was, indeed, a big moment.
One that rocked the NFL world and kicked off one of the most insane pop culture crossover seasons in NFL history.
“We knew,” said Ian Trombetta, NFL SVP of social and influencer marketing, “it was going to be a culture moment like we haven’t seen (in some time).”
With that moment was an unprecedented opportunity to engage an entirely new audience that might not be typically tuning into an NFL broadcast on a Sunday afternoon. But the league also had to be somewhat careful about not overdoing things.
“Anytime she was doing something, cheering for Travis, Travis was doing something and celebrating whatever that may have been, we knew we had to push that content very quickly,” Trombetta said. “But not at the expense of our other clubs or frankly the other players who were doing amazing things as they always do every single week.”
Still, Trombetta wanted the NFL, at least on the social side, to “lean in” as much as it could and connect with all the Swifties now fixated on football.
One post with the simple caption, “In her RED era,” was a nod to Swift’s album titled “Red” as well as Swift’s outfit in support of the Chiefs.
Read more here.
GO FURTHER
Advertisement
Taylor Swift's concert in Tokyo is still happening. Tonight's surprise songs were "Come In With The Rain" and "You're On Your Own, Kid". 
If Swift leaves within the next few hours, she can be in Las Vegas tonight.
No, we're not talking about Taylor Swift's trip from Tokyo to Las Vegas. American Airlines is one of the many brands looking to capitalize on the commercial possibilities of the “Swelce” romance. The airline added flights “AA1989” — named for Taylor Swift's fifth studio album — and “AA87” — named for Travis Kelce's jersey number. The flights will travel between Kansas City and Las Vegas this weekend. (There are also three Flight 15 options, referencing Kansas City QB Patrick Mahomes’ number.)
Because the Super Bowl is for fun, we've put the flights on our prop sheet: Will American Airlines flight 1989 or 87 be delayed? According to aviation analytics company Cirium, American Airlines clocked in as the third most on-time airline with 80.61 percent of its flights arriving on time.
GO FURTHER
Fred Gaudelli has been the lead producer of the Super Bowl television broadcast on seven different occasions. If you are into Roman numerals, Gaudelli has produced Super Bowls XXXVII, XL, XLIII, XLVI, XLIX, LII, and LVI. He has been in the production truck for some of the most exciting NFL title games in history, including Super Bowl XLIX in 2015, which featured New England Patriots rookie cornerback Malcolm Butler intercepting Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson at the goal line with 20 seconds left to seal New England’s 28-24 come-from-behind win over Seattle. That game averaged 114.4 million viewers, which ranked as the most-viewed Super Bowl in U.S. television history before last year’s Super Bowl took the title.
During his 33 seasons as the lead producer for an NFL prime-time TV game, which included stops at ABC, ESPN, NBC, and Amazon Prime Video, Gaudelli has produced innumerable NFL games with famous people in the stands. How would he feel about the prospect of Taylor Swift attending Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas on Feb. 11 if he were producing the game?
“I would consider it a gift from the gods,” said Gaudelli.
Gaudelli, because he lives on Planet Earth, knows that Swift crosses over into popular culture and that means the potential for more eyeballs on the product.
The challenge for the CBS Sports production team for Super Bowl LVIII, if Swift does make it to the game to watch boyfriend Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs take on the San Francisco 49ers — is navigating how often you incorporate images of the singer into the broadcast.
The good news for the crew — led by producer Jim Rikhoff, director Mike Arnold and replay producer Ryan Galvin — is that they’ve had the Chiefs plenty this year, including the divisional-round game in Buffalo and AFC Championship Game in Baltimore, both of which Swift attended. It would be editorial dereliction not to show Swift during the game, but at the same time, how much do you show her?
Then there is a new question: How much does the Super Bowl, a game that includes millions of people who are first-time football viewers for that season, impact your decisions on showing her?
“Let’s go to the last Super Bowl I did,” Gaudelli said of the Los Angeles Rams’ win over the Cincinnati Bengals on Feb. 13, 2022. “We had (Rams quarterback) Matthew Stafford, his wife and kids. We had (Bengals quarterback) Joe Burrow’s parents and girlfriend. We had (Rams wide receiver) Cooper Kupp’s wife. We had (Rams offensive lineman) Andrew Whitworth’s wife and kids. We had (Bengals wide receiver) Ja’Marr Chase’s mom and dad. You have these shots set up because they’re part of the story of the game and because there’s five times as many people (watching) as you would get for a normal game. Right off the bat, you’re already thinking about who’s at the game, and in L.A. we had celebrities like LeBron James and Jay-Z. (Director) Drew Esocoff was cutting those shots during the game. So when Stafford threw a touchdown pass, there’s a shot of Stafford’s wife. Burrow is on the ground writhing in pain? You see his mom and dad and his girlfriend with the ultimate look of concern.
“Now you have Taylor Swift, who also is someone that has a direct connection to the game because she’s a significant other of one of the stars of a team. Maybe you don’t show her for every Kelce sequence, but she’s going to be part of sequences when he makes a play.”
Read more here.
GO FURTHER
Yes. Taylor Swift is performing the last of her four shows on her Eras Tour in Tokyo on Saturday (evening in Japan, this morning in the United States). The 17-hour time difference between Las Vegas and Tokyo works in her favor.
If Swift leaves Tokyo around 10:30 p.m. after her concert, that would put her in Las Vegas around 4 p.m. PT on Saturday.
Read more here.
GO FURTHER
The Super Bowl is here. And so is the spectacle.
Every year, the biggest game of the NFL season becomes more about the game. There's the halftime show. The commercials. The party props.
This year, there's Taylor Swift, and the intrigue of whether she'll make it from her concert in Tokyo to see Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs take on the San Francisco 49ers in Las Vegas.
Our live updates here will follow all those elements that go beyond the game and make the Super Bowl the pop culture phenomenon that it's become. Follow along with The Athletic's writers as we cover Usher (and guests) at the halftime show, Swift's potential appearance and some of the more … interesting … items one can wager on this year.