This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Taylor Swift was on the field for the Kansas City Chiefs' AFC Championship celebration.
The Super Bowl may be one of the most highly-secured events in the world, but Taylor Swift's arrival could cause obstacles to the security plan.
Security Industry Association (SIA) CEO Don Erickson told Fox News Digital that the pop star will most likely try to conceal her entrance and exit from Allegiant Stadium on Feb. 11, for her own safety and the safety of others.
"While it may not be a common tactic for celebrities to conceal themselves in containers or broom carts when entering or exiting a stadium, it is likely necessary given the fan fixation on Swift and hysteria surrounding her relationship with Travis Kelce," Erickson said. 
Taylor Swift is being advised by a security expert to conceal her entrance and exit during the 2024 Super Bowl. (Getty Images)
He continued, "To avoid crowd management issues that might result from large numbers of people trying to push towards the celebrity if spotted, she will likely conceal her movements in the stadium and her entrance and exit for her own protection – and the protection of other patrons."
GRAMMY AWARDS: TAYLOR SWIFT ANNOUNCES NEW ALBUM AFTER WINNING BEST POP VOCAL ALBUM
Swift plans on being in Las Vegas for the NFL’s championship game, Fox News Digital has learned, after wrapping up the Tokyo leg of her Eras tour on Feb. 10.
Taylor Swift is expected to be supporting Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs at the Super Bowl on Sunday. (David Eulitt)
After Travis Kelce's big game, Swift will continue the tour in Australia, Asia and Europe through the end of summer, with some U.S. and Canada dates in the fall.
Taylor had a big night at the Grammy Awards, but Kelce was not in attendance. Not only did the mega pop star make history at the 2024 Grammys, taking home two awards, she announced her new album, "The Tortured Poets Department."
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
APP USERS CLICK HERE
Even though Kelce was not in attendance, the Kansa City Chiefs star did support his girlfriend from afar, saying, "She’s unbelievable."
"She’s rewriting the history books. I told her I need to hold up my end of the bargain and bring home some hardware, too," Kelce told ESPN. 
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Kelce additionally made it clear on "The Pat McAfee Show" that their relationship is about having fun and showing support no matter what, even if they can't be there in person to do so.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's relationship has been at the forefront since she first attended a Kansas City Chiefs game in September. (Patrick Smith)
"It’s a beautiful thing, isn’t it?" Kelce told McAfee, who referenced the Chiefs star and Swift being in love. 
"Hopefully everybody realizes that we’re just two people in a relationship supporting each other and having fun with it, man. It’s nothing more than that, and no matter how much the world wants to paint the picture and make us the enemy, we just have fun with it. We enjoy every single bit of it."
Taylor and Travis' relationship has dominated headlines since the "Midnights" singer was first spotted in a box at Arrowhead Stadium in Missouri on Sept. 24. She has attended several Chiefs games since and even embraced Kelce on the field after Kansas City defeated the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship on Jan. 28.
Taylor and Travis kissed after the AFC Championship in January. (Julio Cortez)
Kelce says he and Taylor are enjoying "every single bit" of their relationship. (Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
"How bout that one, huh?" Kelce could be heard saying as he saw Swift for the first time after the game.
"Oh my god, I've never seen anything like that in my life," Swift said while hugging Kelce before he kissed her.
"What's up sweetie?" Kelce asked as they pulled away. Swift responded, "I've never seen you like that."
Taylor Swift concludes the Tokyo leg of her Eras tour on Feb. 10 and then will be traveling to Las Vegas for the Super Bowl. (Lionel Hahn / Getty)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"Where were you guys at?" the tight end asked. "We were… we were all the way over there – way up there – over there. It was the best view ever," the singer-songwriter explained. "It was insane. I can't believe it."
"I appreciate you always," Kelce responded.
Janelle Ash is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to janelle.ash@fox.com. 
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.