Manage your account
Taylor Swift wrapped her concert in Tokyo and immediately hopped on her private jet to make the 12-hour flight to Las Vegas for Super Bowl LVIII.
One of the biggest questions surrounding the upcoming NFL game is whether the pop icon could attend the Super Bowl to support her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs player Travis Kelce. As many Swifties took it upon themselves to do the math of travel time and the time differences between the States and Japan, they concluded that it is possible.
While Taylor, herself, had not confirmed if she would be flying across the world to watch the big game, reports are now surfacing that she boarded her private jet and is en route to Vegas.
Following her show in Tokyo, Swift disappeared beneath the stage and, about an hour after the end of the concert, minivans were seen arriving near the private jet area. Someone then exited the vehicle and made their way to the jet, surrounded by people holding black umbrellas to hide their identity.
It, of course, is expected the person behind those umbrellas was Ms. Swift.
“I hope she can return in time. It’s so romantic,” office worker Hitomi Takahashi told the Associated Press. While many fans figured out the trip is possible, she will still be racing against time as she must fly through multiple time zones in order to make it to Vegas.
The 'Red' singer is expected to arrive around 5:30 p.m. local time on Saturday, February 10, which will give her nearly 24 hours of rest before kick-off.
Taylor Swift is expected to watch Super Bowl LVIII from a private suite, which was rented out by her boyfriend, Travis Kelce. It is being reported that she will be joined by her parents and brother as well as Travis's parents and his brother, Jason, as well as Travis's sister-in-law.
“I’m not really doing much different other than just counting how much money I’m spending on this damn Super Bowl for family and friends to come,” Travis told his brother on their “New Heights” podcast. “Just making sure I’m on top of those finances and losing all this money,” he joked.
The pop icon is also expected to bring some friends of her own, although it is unclear on who that will be. In the past, she has rented out a suite with friends Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds, and Hugh Jackman, as well as Patrick Mahomes's wife, Brittany.
She is also close friends with Selena Gomez, Sabrina Carpenter, and Sophie Turner, so it's possible she could bring any of them to accompany her at the big game.
Following the game, Travis reportedly “booked some very nice hotel suites and tables at great restaurants to take her on days off,” according to an insider close to the NFL star. “He wants to take her on romantic getaways to have her relax and go discover those nice cities and European romantic places together.”
Super Bowl LVIII takes place on Sunday, February 11.