Justin Timberlake is set to produce a tell-all documentary amid fears his first album in six years could be a flop.
We’ve been told the *NSYNC star is concerned his upcoming record will be overshadowed by Usher’s big Super Bowl comeback and Taylor Swift’s unexpected album, The Tortured Poets Department.
Sources say that Justin feels he needs to up his game, and one of his ideas is to self-produce a film about the making of his forthcoming studio album, Everything I Thought It Was.
This will be pitched to major streaming platforms in the hope it will be as big a success of Beyonce’s Renaissance film and Taylor’s Miss Americana.
Justin’s new single Selfish, released last month, entered the charts at number 19. A source said: “JT’s team are panicked after a lukewarm reception to his comeback single, Selfish. The competition is fierce and they are looking at ways to maximise exposure.
“He is currently in talks to do a docu. It’s not decided if he will talk about Britney Spears but they know how major that would be. Justin will produce it himself and Amazon has already expressed interest.”
Awkwardly for JT, a song also called Selfish by his ex Britney, returned to the top 10 of the iTunes charts at the same time as his release. It comes as the news surrounding Britney’s conservatorship sparked widespread discussions about accountability in the entertainment industry and led to JT facing renewed scrutiny and questions regarding his past actions. He’ll be hoping he can say Bye Bye Bye to that chapter for good.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.