Harry Styles has worked hard to achieve global success as part of One Direction and as a solo artist.
So it's only fair that he gets to enjoy a bit of quality time which may explain why he has joined the £92,000 "secret" Sunningdale Golf Club, in Berkshire. Apart from the eye-watering annual membership fee, those who are a part of the club also have to pay an annual subscription fee of £9,500. Mobile phones are banned from the golf course and it is believed that being a member is not to be talked about in public, in a bid to maintain its exclusivity.
The singer, 30, is one of many well-known members as Samuel L. Jackson, Prince Andrew and basketball legend Michael Jordan have all played at the golf course. A source told The Sun: "Harry was playing at Sunningdale recently and put in a good performance. He's not just a good singer and one of the world's best-loved pop stars — he's a thoroughly decent amateur golfer. He's clearly put in a lot of work on the green to get up to that standard."
The star shot to fame in 2010 when he appeared on X Factor. On realising the potential of Harry, Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik and Niall Horan - One Direction was formed. But unfortunately for Harry, his fame attracted the wrong type of attention as he was recently left shaken by the antics of a stalker, named Myra Carvalho.
Myra has been charged with causing Harry serious harm or distress. It was reported that he was targeted by her in north London after returning from a holiday. Appearing at Highbury Corner Magistrates' court, The Sun reported that she had "pursued a course of conduct – namely harassment – which amounted to stalking causing serious alarm or distress."
The publication wrote that she had a "substantial adverse effect" on Harry's day-to-day routine. A source said: "Harry was really shaken up. He had spent the start of the month in Anguilla with Taylor and James Corden and he'd had a great break. This happened not long after he had come back. Harry just wants to carry on as normal, but this has been concerning."
Since Harry became a global success, it wasn't just his music that has been a talking point - so too is his dating history. Among some of his romances including Taylor Swift, Olivia Wilde and Emily Atack, Harry also dated Kim Kardashian's younger sister Kendall Jenner. In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine, Harry admitted that Kendall was a big inspiration for his May 2017 debut studio album.
He said: "She's a huge part of the album. Sometimes you want to tip the hat, and sometimes you just want to give them the whole cap … and hope they know it's just for them." The pair never confirmed their romance but stayed on good terms and were spotted having a lengthy conversation at the 2019 Met Gala.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.