US President Joe Biden’s re-election campaign has defended its new TikTok account as a vital way to boost its appeal with young voters – even as his administration continued to raise security concerns about whether the popular social media app might be sharing user data with China’s government.
The campaign’s first post featured the president being quizzed on Sunday’s Super Bowl and included a reference to the latest political conspiracy theory involving pop superstar Taylor Swift.
“The President’s TikTok debut last night – with more than five million views and counting – is proof positive of both our commitment and success in finding new, innovative ways to reach voters in an evolving, fragmented, and increasingly personalised media environment,” Mr Biden’s re-election deputy campaign manager Rob Flaherty said in a statement.
At the White House, however, national security spokesman John Kirby said “there are still national security concerns about the use of TikTok on government devices and there’s been no change to our policy not to allow that”.
Mr Kirby referred most questions about TikTok to the Biden campaign and ducked a more general query about whether it was wise to use the app at all.
He said the potential security issues “have to do with concerns about the preservation of data and potential misuse of that data and privacy information by foreign actors”.
Both the FBI and the Federal Communications Commission have warned that TikTok’s Chinese owner, ByteDance, could share user data – such as browsing history, location and biometric identifiers – with that country’s authoritarian government.
Biden signed legislation banning the use of TikTok by the federal government’s nearly 4 million employees on devices owned by its agencies in 2022, with limited exceptions for law enforcement, national security and security research purposes.
Separately, the secretive Committee on Foreign Investment in the US has been reviewing the app for years while trying unsuccessfully to force TikTok ownership to divest from its parent company.
The White House said on Monday the review is ongoing.
With 150 million US users, TikTok is best known for quick snippets of viral dance routines.
But senator Josh Hawley posted on X, formerly Twitter, that Mr Biden’s campaign is “bragging about using a Chinese spy app even though Biden signed a law banning it on all federal devices”.
The Biden campaign said it had been mulling over setting up a TikTok account for months and had ultimately done so at the urging of youth activists and organisations, who argued that the app was key to reaching young voters.
The campaign said it is using a separate mobile phone to engage on TikTok in order to isolate using the app from other workstreams and communications, including emails.
The campaign said it was taking additional steps but declined to name them, citing security concerns.
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said she isn’t in contact with the campaign and had no advance warning that its TikTok account was going live.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.