The power couple is "on top of the world," the tight end said at a post-game press conference. 
Christian Holub is a writer covering comics and other geeky pop culture. He's still mad about 'Firefly' getting canceled.
 It's been a good year for Taylor Swift. As if scoring sold-out stadium crowds with her Eras Tour, conquering the box office with the documentary of said tour, and literally becoming a billionaire weren't enough, Swift capped off her recent run in the pop culture spotlight by sitting in the luxury box as her boyfriend Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs won Sunday's Super Bowl.

 So it was fitting that Kelce and Swift should celebrate their momentous year together after the big win. As you might expect, Swift's own music was played at the party, and fan videos posted to X (formerly Twitter) show the couple dancing along.

 They seem to especially be enjoying "Love Story," Swift's optimistic reworking of "Romeo and Juliet." It's hard to tell from the clips whether it's the original version of the song or the recently rerecorded "Taylor's Version."

Ezra Shaw/Getty
 Even before the after party, Swift took to the field to give Kelce a celebratory kiss after the Chiefs triumphed over the San Francisco 49ers in overtime. Though quarterback Patrick Mahomes won the Super Bowl MVP award (his second), Kelce pulled his weight in the game — catching a key pass in the final minutes of regulation and going viral online for an image of him yelling at Chiefs coach Andy Reid.

 "Man, it's on top of the world right now, baby,” Kelce told reporters in a postgame press conference, per PEOPLE. “It's a good feeling.”

 The power couple's reign is set to continue in the near future, with Swift's next original album (The Tortured Poets Department) set for release on April 19.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)