CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo. (KFVS) - The adrenaline after a big win takes a while to settle, and Chiefs fans across the country are still riding their high.
For one Cape Girardeau Chiefs fan, who witnessed the Super Bowl in person, it’s an adrenaline rush he said he’ll feel for a long time.
“It was the best experience we’ve ever had,” Dave Jackson said.
A Super Bowl game in Vegas, with his son and grandsons, he could not ask for anything more. And even though his son is a Raven’s fan, it helped him score the ticket.
“They got tickets early, he bought ‘em, four of ‘em, and when the Ravens didn’t win, my daughter-in-law said she would give me her ticket because I was a Chiefs fan,” Jackson said.
Jackson said they ended up in a section filled with a lot of family members of the Chiefs players.
“A perfect view of the stadium and the endzone of the Chiefs and you just couldn’t ask for a better time,” Jackson said.
But the hype around the big game did not end at football. Many celebrities watched in person, but all season, all eyes have been on Taylor Swift. And the Super Bowl was no exception.
“I did see her,” Jackson said. “I didn’t get real close to her.”
Jackson said he has no bad blood with the superstar but he’s happy the focus stayed on football.
“Occasionally they would show it on the big screen a picture of her, maybe three times the whole game,” Jackson explained.
The other main event was the halftime show performed by Usher.
“I had a badge on that had a light on it that would light up as the stadium lit up,” Jackson said.
Jackson said the stadium went crazy.
“The girl next to me she was just screaming her ears off,” Jackson said.
He said he enjoyed the performance, but none of that beats a Chiefs Super Bowl win.
“The overtime and all that, you couldn’t have asked for a better game,” he said.
A game that he got to experience with the people he loves most.
“Something unexplainable, it will be in my memory forever,” Jackson said.
Jackson said the whole trip went off without a hitch. He said there were a ton of people and large crowds, but everything felt organized. This is the first Super Bowl to be held in Las Vegas.
Copyright 2024 KFVS. All rights reserved.