Harry returned to LA last week after a flying visit to London
It looks like Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won't be spending this Valentine's Day alone. Rather, the couple are set to make a major appearance on the 14th of February, which will mark their first joint public outing since the Duke of Sussex returned to LA last week.
The large-scale occasion scheduled in Harry and Meg's diaries is in aid of the 2025 Invictus Games. It is reported to take place in Vancouver, Canada, over three days, and will kick off on Wednesday before closing on the 16th of February. 
As well as attending the 'One Year To Go' event, the couple will also head to British Colombia for the Winter Training Camp in Whistler, where they'll meet 2025's participating nations.
The Invictus Games event was launched earlier this year in a bid to inspire military veterans to try out winter sports, which will be added to next year's agenda. This is because the 2025 Games are taking place in Canada between the 8th and 16th of February.
The Invictus Games is a foundation incredibly close to the Prince's heart. He founded the international multi-sport games in 2014 for 'wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans.'
The last event took place in Düsseldorf, Germany, and both the Duke and Duchess were heavily involved in the entire running. Both were photographed attending the games and celebrating the closing ceremony together.  
Harry spent a brief 26 hours in London at the beginning of the month, after learning of his father, King Charles III's cancer diagnosis. 
The Duke's flying visit marked his first trip to the UK this year, and the first in-person meeting with the monarch since the Coronation in May 2023.
Sophie Williams is a Freelance Journalist and Copywriter, covering everything from Fashion to Entertainment to music, Lifestyle and Features. She has interviewed a range of musical artists and authors including Alyssa Edwards, Courtney Barnett, Confidence Man, The Vaccines, Loyle Carner, Gabrielle, and John Niven, and has written for publications like Metro, Reader's Digest, ITV's Woo! and Vice’s NBGA. She is also working on a book for HarperCollins about Taylor Swift, due to be published in 2024.  
New Royal pic just dropped! And it's a good'un 
Kate Middleton glows as she marks major milestone
Meghan Markle looks gorge in makeup-free vid
Andrew accuser, Virginia Giuffre, dies aged 41
How Archie and Lili made Meghan change her show
Why King Charles isn't allowed at Pope's funeral
Prince Louis looks so different in new portrait
Paps wildly complain that Meghan's security is OOT
Are King Charles and Prince Harry still speaking?
No, King Charles isn't going to abdicate
Photo of Lili's special gift from dad Prince Harry
Harry's friend speaks out on him snubbing wedding
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.