Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
After defeating the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl LVIII, the Kansas City Chiefs are now one of a select few NFL franchises to win back-to-back Super Bowl titles.
It was the team’s third Super Bowl win in five years. The Chiefs are now in the conversation of top NFL dynasties, with their sights set on breaking an NFL and Super Bowl record.
No team in the NFL has ever won three straight Super Bowls. In fact, no team has ever won two Super Bowls and even appeared in the Super Bowl the following season.
Other North American sports leagues have seen their share of three-peats, a phrase that was trademarked by former NBA coach Pat Riley. The last three-peats in professional sports leagues happened in the NBA in 2002 (Los Angeles Lakers), MLB in 2000 (New York Yankees) and NHL in 1983 (New York Islanders). 
The Boston Celtics even won eight straight NBA Championships from 1959 to 1966.
The fact that no team in the NFL has won three straight Super Bowls could show the parity of the league and the difficult odds of winning a Super Bowl championship.
Here are the NFL teams to win two straight Super Bowls and what their record and playoff performance was in the following season.
Related Link: Super Bowl LVIII Could Break Viewership Records: Are Viewers More Excited About Football, Usher, Commercials Or Taylor Swift?
Betting Odds for Three-Peat: The Chiefs entered the 2023 season as the favorites to win Super Bowl LVIII with odds of +600. The team became an underdog several times in the NFL Playoffs and in the Super Bowl and overcame odds of +1,000 at the start of the playoffs to get the win.
Several Chiefs players mentioned after last night’s Super Bowl victory that they have a young team and are ready to make a run at a third straight Super Bowl championship.
The feat would break an NFL record, cementing the current Chiefs team and Super Bowl MVP Patrick Mahomes as among the best in the league’s history. A third straight Super Bowl win for Mahomes and company would accomplish something that the likes of Tom Brady, Troy Aikman, Terry Bradshaw and Joe Montana were never able to do.
Here's a look at the current betting odds for Super Bowl LIX (59) from sportsbook DraftKings Inc DKNG.
The 49ers are the favorite to win Super Bowl LIX; the Chiefs have the second-best odds. A $100 bet on the Chiefs to win Super Bowl LIX will pay out a profit of $650 if the team can complete the three-peat.
Read Next: Patrick Mahomes Signs With Logan Paul-Backed PRIME Drink Company: Why This Could Be Bad News For Coca-Cola And Pepsi
Image: Shutterstock
Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Trade confidently with insights and alerts from analyst ratings, free reports and breaking news that affects the stocks you care about.
A newsletter built for market enthusiasts by market enthusiasts. Top stories, top movers, and trade ideas delivered to your inbox every weekday before and after the market closes.