ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
CINCINNATI, OHIO - JUNE 30: EDITORIAL USE ONLY Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | ... More The Eras Tour " at Paycor Stadium on June 30, 2023 in Cincinnati, Ohio. (Photo by Taylor Hill/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
Taylor Swift has demonstrated time and time again that she can sell an album like no one else in the music industry. At this point, she has nothing left to prove in this field, but somehow, she continues to break records and improve her own sales sums.
This week, Swift claims seven of the 10 bestselling albums in America. Billboard notes that this is the first time an artist has owned that much real estate on the Top Album Sales chart at one time.
Swift rules the Top Album Sales chart once again with her latest release, 1989 (Taylor’s Version). The set–a re-recording of her 1989 blockbuster–has now spent four frames atop the tally. This week–its ninth on the ranking–the 1989 reworking sold nearly another 61,000 copies, according to information shared by Luminate.
The singer fills the highest two rungs on the Top Album Sales chart this week, which is not unusual for her. Swift’s 2022 album of original material Midnights is also a non-mover at No. 2, selling almost another 24,000 copies.
The Grammy champion earns a third spot inside the top five (in between releases from Stray Kids and Olivia Rodrigo) with Lover, at No. 4. That pop set sold nearly 22,000 copies in the past tracking period.
Swift scores back-to-back-to-back titles on the Top Album Sales chart, as she sits at Nos. 6 through 8. Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) lands at No. 6 with a little less than 20,000 copies sold. Up next is Evermore with just over 17,000 pure purchases. That title’s predecessor and companion effort Folklore ranks at No. 8 with 15,630 copies sold.
Rounding out Swift’s seven top 10 smashes on the Top Album Sales chart is another re-recording. Fearless (Taylor’s Version) is steady at No. 10, selling another 13,000 copies in the past tracking frame.
Swift nearly managed eight top 10s on the Top Album Sales chart this week, as she has another successful project sitting just below the highest tier. Red (Taylor’s Version) appears at No. 12 this time around. That project sold another 12,000 copies.