Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The losing team’s championship merchandise is pre-made for the celebration, so all of those shirts and hats have to go somewhere when they don’t win.
Deputy Digital Director

	An apparel collection celebrating the Philadelphia Eagles’ victory at the 2025 Super Bowl was released after the team beat the Kansas City Chiefs 22-40 in New Orleans on Sunday. Pre-made championship T-shirts, hats and hoodies dedicated to the Eagles’ win were worn by team members while they received the Vince Lombardi Trophy. The merch collection was also made available on the NFL website. 

	But what happened to the Chiefs’ pre-made Super Bowl merchandise after they lost?

	The NFL makes sure the losing team’s merchandise will never be seen by the general public. However, the apparel receives a new purpose instead of going to the dumpster.  




			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Travis Hunter Brings Pink Power to 2025 NFL Draft in Custom Hideoki Suit and $50,000 Rolex Day-Date	
			













	Mens Lifestyle
	



	
			Fashion Expected to Star in NFL Draft as Players Prepare to Shine	
			








	Good360, a 501 charitable organization that works to reroute needed goods from landfills into the hands of people in need, works with the NFL every year to donate the losing team’s apparel to communities in need outside of the U.S. 

	










	“It may go to people living in Europe, Africa or Asia. But you definitely won’t see it on anyone in America,” Shari Rudolph, chief development officer and chief marketing officer at Good360, said via statement. 

	According to the organization, the losers’ merchandise is transferred from the stadium to a central location in preparation for distribution. 

	“Good360 will work closely with international NGOs to ensure that the apparel goes directly into the hands of the right communities — and not some place where someone might be able to profit from it. We also take pains to avoid sending the apparel to a location where a flood of donated clothing could disrupt the local economy,” Rudolph said. 

	The NFL and Good360 have been working together for nine years. The charitable organization also works with the Major League Baseball at the end of the World Series. 

	“While the quantity of unusable apparel is only a few thousand items each year, these global sporting events offer a high-profile opportunity to focus attention on sustainability and the benefits of product philanthropy,” Rudolph said. 

	The Super Bowl LIX, the NFL’s championship game for the 2024 season, took place on Sunday at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. The event marked the 11th time New Orleans has hosted the Super Bowl, tying with Miami for the most by any city. Kendrick Lamar performed at the Apple Music Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.