To kick off the new NFL season, a familiar face will be moving to an opposing team. 
Ken Dorsey, the previous offensive coordinator for the Buffalo Bills, has been recently hired to join the Cleveland Browns as the offensive coordinator. 
Back when Dorsey was a player, he was traded to the Cleveland Browns in 2006, so in a way, he is going back to a place he called home. 
Dorsey hasn’t been in the media over the last few months. After being fired as the O.C. for the Buffalo Bills on November 14, he chose to stay out of the limelight and let things settle down before speaking up about his firing.
And now, Dorsey has commented on what happened. 
According to News Today, Dorsey said:
“Look, at the end of the day, the head coach decided to make a change and that’s something I have to turn the page on.” 
Wow...honestly I thought it would be a little harsher of a response. It's kind of shocking that Dorsey was so forward-thinking with his statements.
Dorsey seems like he is more focused on his next endeavor with the Cleveland Browns. He told News Today that he was “really excited” to be in Cleveland.  In fact, Dorsey said that he was “more focused on this opportunity than what happened there [Buffalo].” 
After being fired by McDermott, Dorsey reflected on those games he spent coaching the Buffalo Bills. Dorsey said, “It gave me time to kind of go back and look at it like, ‘OK, here’s what we were doing schematically and how we were utilizing our personnel,’ and really evaluate what we were doing.” 
When Dorsey was fired, Josh Allen gave kudos to him as a person, calling him “one of the good ones.” 
Allen said, “I feel like I owe him a lot of the success I’ve had in my career.”
If the Bills had one that day, maybe Dorsey would’ve stayed on staff a little longer, but you have to give credit to the newly named Offensive Coordinator Joe Brady. 
After all, the Bills went 7-2 for the remainder of the season with Brady as the O.C.
Gallery Credit: Megan Carter
Gallery Credit: Getty Images/Canva
Gallery Credit: Brett Alan