Well, I didn't see this one coming.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Super Bowl LVIII was definitely a sporting event for the books. Not only did this year’s big game feature a thrilling face-off between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers, but it also had its fair share of funny commercials and Taylor Swift. (The singer even went viral for chugging a beer.) However, the musician who really stole the show last night was Usher Raymond, who peformed during the halftime show. Many are still buzzing about the electric and nostalgic set that he gave. Now, the public has even more to discuss because, in a surprise turn of events, it seems the artist actually got married shortly before the game.
45-year-old Usher reportedly married longtime girlfriend Jennifer Goicoechea this past weekend. Sources tell People that the pair made their matrimonial move just three days before the “Love in This Club” singer took to the stage at Allegiant Stadium. The newly christened Mr. and Mrs. Raymond apparently obtained a marriage license in Clark County, Nevada. Representatives from the Grammy winner have not formally confirmed his marital status, as of yet. 
However, it would seem that there’s more evidence that the music icon is indeed a married man again. According to People, photographers spotted the star and his purported new wife after the game as they were taking in the sights in Vegas. It’s said that the multihyphenate was sporting a gold band on his left finger. While nothing is official just yet, that piece of jewelry would seem to suggest that the two tied the knot. 
Usher's Super Bowl Halftime Show: 3 Ways The Singer's Performance Left Its Mark, Including Closing With 'Yeah!'
Usher - who was formerly married to Tameka Foster for two years and Grace Miguel for three – was first romantically linked to Jennifer Goicoechea back in 2019. In June of that year, they were photographed together at the birthday party of music producer Keith Thomas. Since then, it’s been public knowledge that the two are an item. Goicoechea and the singer also share two children – daughter Sovereign Bo (born in 2020) and son Sire Castrello (born in 2021).
I definitely didn’t have this development on my bingo card, but it’s definitely a happy surprise. Between his Super Bowl halftime show performance and reported nuptials, 2024 is already off to a major start for the R&B titan. And that’s saying a lot given how eventful the past year was for him. In 2023, he released his first single in two years, “Glu” and booked a residency in Boulogne-Billancourt. He also teamed up with Keke Palmer for his “Boyfriend” music video in the aftermath of her then-partner, Darius Jackson, shaming her for dancing with the performer while wearing a sheer dress at her show.
It’s likely that upon hearing this marriage news, plenty of fans will humorously lament the notion of the  “U Remind Me” performer once again being a married man. Based on social media, he stirred up a lot of steamy feelings amongst his admirers. However, now more than ever, they’ll have to abide by the saying “look but don’t touch.”
As we wait for further details on the reported union between Usher and Jennifer Goicoechea, we wish them all the best. 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Erik Swann is a Senior Content Producer at CinemaBlend. He began working with the publication in 2020 when he was hired as Weekend Editor. Today, he continues to write, edit and handle social media responsibilities over the weekend. On weekdays, he also writes TV and movie-related news and helps out with editing and social media as needed. He graduated from the University of Maryland, where he received a degree in Broadcast Journalism. After shifting into multi-platform journalism, he started working as a freelance writer and editor before joining CB. Covers superheroes, sci-fi, comedy, and almost anything else in film and TV. He eats more pizza than the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
'No One Would Ever Expect This': Rihanna Revealed Her Favorite Met Gala Looks, And One Was An Afterparty Gown That Involved Butt Cleavage
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 
It's Not Often That I Slot New Entries Into My Top Five Favorite Movies Of All Time, But Sinners Is That Rare Exception. Here's Why.

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.