Who was Elmo rooting for?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

For being a preschool-age Muppet, Elmo has proven himself to be pretty good at social media, and any time the Sesame Street fan favorite renders his opinion or reaches out to his 585,000-plus social media followers, the little guy does have a tendency to go viral. Well, he was at it again on Super Bowl Sunday, announcing which team he was rooting for to take home the Lombardi Trophy, and things got pretty wild. Heck, even Mark Hamill got in on the fun with a great response.
It looks like Elmo might have learned his lesson after another recent viral tweet — when he innocently asked how everyone was doing and got some really, really honest answers — because when the little red monster weighed in on Super Bowl LVIII’s contest between the Chiefs and the 49ers, he stopped short of taking sides. Check out what Elmo had to say: 
When both teams are red, it's hard for Elmo to pick which team to root for. Elmo will cheer for both! ❤️February 11, 2024
Choosing your rooting interests based on team colors is a perfectly valid way to go about things, especially, you know, if you’re 3 years old, and OF COURSE Elmo would be interested in teams that wear his favorite color. With both Kansas City and San Francisco sporting red, however, the Muppet had a choice to make … or did he? Elmo decided to just cheer for both, and Star Wars icon and longtime Muppet fan Mark Hamill responded with some support for the furry little guy, writing: 
I'll be rooting for reruns of Sesame Street.
More Sesame Street is always the right answer! 
In the end, hundreds of people looked away from Super Bowl LVIII’s funniest commercials long enough to comment on Elmo’s decision to just cheer for everyone. Not surprisingly, plenty of partygoers agreed with his choice not to take sides. Some of the reactions included: 
I think that last comment hit the nail on the head, because Usher’s halftime show left its mark with songs that may have been a little too risque for a preschooler to sing along to, but I can still picture Elmo busting out the dance moves for “Turn Down for What.”
Many people theorized that Elmo was secretly cheering for the Kansas City Chiefs, since the Muppet seemingly revealed himself to be a Swiftie when he dropped a couple of Taylor Swift’s song titles into a compliment of the Eras Tour star’s furry red coat that she wore to one of boyfriend Travis Kelce’s football games this season. One fan wrote on X (Twitter): 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Elmo will secretly cheer harder for the team with MVP Swift on it though, because she's the best singer and singing makes Elmo happy.
Others tried to sway the Muppet by referencing Elmo’s beef with Rocco, the pet rock of his BFF Zoe, writing: 
And this: 
But we all know who the real winner is pic.twitter.com/Nj107SsahGFebruary 12, 2024
Shots fired! Elmo didn’t clarify if he stayed up late enough to watch the Chiefs beat the 49ers in overtime, but I guess if you’re rooting for both teams, you can sleep easily either way. If you want to see what the little guy has going on over on Sesame Street, episodes are available to stream with a Max subscription. 
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
'No One Would Ever Expect This': Rihanna Revealed Her Favorite Met Gala Looks, And One Was An Afterparty Gown That Involved Butt Cleavage
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 
It's Not Often That I Slot New Entries Into My Top Five Favorite Movies Of All Time, But Sinners Is That Rare Exception. Here's Why.

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.