A hopeless romantic has revealed all about her digital dating disaster, where the man of her dreams turned out to be a serial female catfish.
Anna Madeleine Parmele told how she met a man online who, in the beginning, seemed to be her perfect partner, but after this mystery man's actions didn't add up, she decided to delve into his background, leading her to discover that he was in fact a woman posing as a man.
The 22-year-old, from Austin, Texas, USA, said: "Morale of the story is if you're going to catfish someone, don't do it to me, because I will find your entire family and expose you."
Being encouraged to get on the dating scene by her friend, Anna decided to download the popular dating app named Hinge.
Read more: Taylor Swift predicted her relationship with Travis Kelce in resurfaced 2009 interview
Soon after making her profile, she came across a lad named Grey from Malibu, USA, who really caught her fancy. As the pair began messaging, she stated how the sparks began to fly, with Grey being the instigator of plans to meet in person.
However, Anna revealed that when it came to it, something would conveniently pop up to prevent them from being able to meet face to face. With the doubts beginning to seep into her mind, Anna decided to call out her digital date and accuse him of being a catfish.
She explained: "We start texting, and he's initiating all these things, asking to take me out tomorrow and saying that he's going to be in town for a couple more days.
For all the latest news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US
"Conveniently, of course, something comes up and it doesn't end up happening. I actually called him out and was like, you're a catfish; how do I know you're real?
"I got gas lit so hard and it worked. We continued messaging, and he begins telling me all his deepest, darkest secrets, and I'm telling him all of mine.
"He had said all these horrible, horrible things that I cannot believe anyone would ever lie about. On top of all this, we're Snapchatting, and this person went to the fullest extent to lie—deep background stories, multiple fake Snapchat accounts, group chats, and much more.
"I just started to think—we haven't facetimed, we haven't called each other—they're not trying to see me, but they're trying to pursue me romantically."
She continued: "After talking with my mom, we decided to put the phone number we had into BeenVerified, which is what they use on the TV programme Catfish. The number came up as a Nebraska number, not Malibu. It also showed a potential owner; I won't say her name, but it was a girl."
Anna explained that this information prompted her to look through the TikTok page Grey had sent to her, where she discovered another girl he was following and interacting with.
Anna decided to message the girl and just explain her situation and the suspicions she had of him, where the other woman revealed that she knew him under the name Zach and not Gray.
Through further investigation, Anna stated that she began to notice what she believed to be similarities in Grey's likes, dislikes, interests, and information to that of the girl, whom she originally thought was also being catfished.
This prompted Anna to go back onto the platform she used to verify the phone number, find the mother of the girl she was speaking to, and write to her to uncover the truth.
She explained: "I'm putting all the pieces together, and I go back to her Instagram, and literally everything that this man was telling me was on her Instagram.
"There were small nuances that were all adding up. I go back to BeenVerified , and I'm like, I'm going to find this b***h's mom, and I did.
"I wrote the essay of a lifetime, and I was just like, whoever you are, you're related to this person, and she's catfishing me and other people. I told her everything that she did, and I sent several screenshots as proof."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.