HUTCHINSON— The Kansas State Fair announced Monday that the chart-topping and Grammy-nominated group, Goo Goo Dolls, is set to perform at the 2024 Fair, according to a media release.
The concert is scheduled for Saturday, September 7, 2024, at 7:30 p.m., promising an unforgettable evening of music.
Formed by John Rzeznik and Robby Takac in Buffalo, NY in 1986, Goo Goo Dolls have become a staple in the American songbook, connecting with millions of fans over three-plus decades.
With over 15 million records sold worldwide, four Grammy Award nominations, and an impressive collection of platinum and gold singles, the group has left an indelible mark on popular music.
Their discography includes iconic albums such as "A Boy Named Goo," which achieved double-platinum status, and "Dizzy Up The Girl," certified five-times-platinum. Today, their music continues to reach new audiences around the world and rack up platinum & gold statuses – including the recently platinum-certified “Slide”, “Black Balloon” and “Better Days” – and has been covered by everyone from Taylor Swift to Phoebe Bridgers and Maggie Rogers.
Among a string of hits, “Iris” clutched #1 on the Hot 100 for 18 straight weeks and would be named “#1 Top 40 Song of the Last 20 Years.” On the heels of going viral on TikTok, the track recently achieved seven-times-platinum status and re-entered the Billboard charts, yet again proving the timelessness of Goo Goo Dolls’ illustrious catalog.
Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. on Friday, February 16 at KansasStateFair.com. Anyone signed up for Kansas State Fair emails can get access to tickets with a presale code, starting 10 a.m. on Thursday, February 15. Sign up for emails at kansasstatefair.com.
The show will be Saturday, September 7, 2024, at 7:30 p.m.
New in 2024 – Expanded Seating Area:​
The Kansas State Fair is pleased to unveil an improvement to the Grandstand seating that promises to enhance the overall event experience for attendees. This year, the stage will be repositioned to create space for an extended party pit in the lower track area. This expansion not only boosts overall capacity but also provides more concert enthusiasts the chance to enjoy the excitement up close.​
Ticket Options:​Reserved seating in the Grandstand is $45 and $30. ​
There are several options for an upgraded Grandstand experience:
Track Party PitGet up close to the stage! The Track Party Pit area gives concertgoers the opportunity to be on the floor, located right in front of the stage. Each ticket is $75.​
VIP Deck – Standing​Want the ultimate VIP treatment? This ticket package includes access to the VIP Deck area, two beverage coupons, complimentary appetizers and finger foods within the VIP Deck, and early entrance to the Grandstand. Each VIP Standing ticket is $100.​
VIP Deck – Reserved TableGet all your friends together with the VIP experience! Reserve a table on our VIP Deck to enjoy the show from a private table that seats six. In addition to a reserved table for six, this package provides two beverage coupons per person, complimentary appetizers and finger foods within the VIP Deck area prior to the show, and early entrance to the Grandstand. Each VIP Reserved Table is $750.​
NOTE: Each grandstand ticket includes a gate admission scan. Ticket will be valid on date of event only. To purchase tickets or for more information, visit kansasstatefair.com or the Ticket Office (620) 669-3618.  
The Nex-Tech Grandstand is sponsored by Nex-Tech Wireless and Nex-Tech. ​
Copyright © 2025 Little Apple Post - Powered byEagle Radio