Business Insider asked designers and stylists about fashion trends that will be popular this year.
Here's what they said.
You can expect to see an increase in clothing made from recycled and organic material, according to Patrick Kenger, personal and celebrity stylist and image consultant at Pivot.
The stylist recommended adding things like jeans made of organic cotton or accessories made with more sustainable materials to your wardrobe.
According to Daniel Mofor, lead designer and founder of Don Morphy, textured fabrics are a trend to look out for this year.
The designer said you can add depth to any outfit with tweed or jacquard (a woven fabric), and combine rougher materials with smooth textures for contrast.
"Especially for grooms now, most are leaning toward jacquard fabric — away from boring plain blue and black suits," Mofor told BI.
Gender-fluid fashion, a blending of masculine and feminine styles, is expected to reach new heights in 2024, according to Kenger.
"Unisex silhouettes and diverse representations are expected to be featured prominently in both high fashion and everyday looks," he told BI.
The stylist suggested experimenting with mixed elements, like adding an oversized blazer over a flowy dress.
Embracing a single color from head to toe creates a sleek, sophisticated look, according to Deseri Kelley, founder and designer of DESERI.
"Monochromatic dressing is about exploring different shades and tones within one color family," the designer told BI.
Choose a flattering color, and experiment with different textures. Kelley said you can add subtle variations in accessories for a polished monochromatic ensemble.
Gorpcore — introducing more rugged, functional pieces into everyday outfits — will continue to be popular in the new year, according to Stitch Fix stylist and styling team manager Alex Rivera.
"Gorpcore blends outdoor technical pieces with urban style," she told BI.
You can embrace the trend by styling pieces like hiking boots or cargo pants for an adventurous flair.
"Thanks to high-profile concert tour looks from stars like Taylor Swift and Beyoncé, metallics enjoyed a surge in popularity in 2023 that I expect will continue," Rivera told BI.
For those who feel intimidated by the trend, try pairing metallic pieces with more approachable items in your closet. The stylist said this can create a vibe that's glam casual.
"I suggest styling a metallic midi skirt with a simple white T-shirt, or accessorizing a denim-on-denim ensemble with metallic flats for a look that's equal parts function and flare," she said.
According to Kenger, bold, vibrant colors are all the rage for 2024. Think saturated reds, oranges, and yellows — colors that pop and make a statement.
"You can play around with these by pairing bright pieces with more neutral items, such as creams and grays," he told BI.
This year will be all about sophisticated prep, according to Rivera. She said she's noticed a rise in interest in things like varsity jackets and plaid styles.
"My favorite way to hone this grown-up take on preppy styles with academia-inspired elements is by pairing a plaid skirt with a rugby shirt and loafers for a casual, yet polished look," the stylist told BI.
Combining retro aesthetics with futuristic elements is going to be a fun trend this year, according to Kenger and Mofor.
Mofor explained that the trend is all about blending old-school patterns with more contemporary cuts.
"Dig through those '80s magazines for inspiration with metallic fabrics, geometric shapes, and large, colorful accessories," Kenger told BI.
According to Kelley, athleisure continues to evolve, incorporating high-performance fabrics and innovative designs that seamlessly transition from the gym to everyday life.
"Embrace comfortable yet stylish athletic wear for various occasions," the designer told BI. "Mix sporty pieces with casual and elevated items for a modern athleisure look."
A shift toward quiet or silent luxury — high-quality clothes with minimal or no visible branding — is another trend Kelley is looking forward to this year.
The trend emphasizes subtly and understated elegance over conspicuous logos. High-quality materials, expert craftsmanship, and timeless designs take precedence.
"Opt for neutral tones and versatile styles that seamlessly complement various outfits," the designer told BI. "Focus on quality over quantity, choosing timeless pieces that stand the test of time."
Transparent and sheer fabrics that reveal skin in a tasteful and elegant manner will be popular, according to Kelley. Think of materials like mesh and organza.
The designer recommended experimenting with different textures and styles to achieve the desired level of transparency.
"Layer sheer garments strategically over opaque pieces for a sophisticated yet daring look," she told BI.
Oversized, bold accessories will take center stage in 2024, according to Kelley. Expect to see lots of chunky jewelry, large sunglasses, and statement bags.
"Keep clothing simple and let accessories be the focal point," she told BI. "Mix and match textures, colors, and shapes for a maximalist impact."
According to Kenger, oversized outerwear, providing comfort, style, and versatility, is still a popular favorite.
But the stylist said you have to watch out for balanced proportions.
"Since the oversized outerwear has a lot of volume, try balancing it with more fitted pieces underneath," he told BI.
Jump to