The pop star and the tight end hugged and kissed in front of the cameras.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	The image of Taylor Swift kissing Travis Kelce after the Kansas City Chiefs won the 2024 Super Bowl Sunday (Feb. 11) is one that will go down in pop-culture history. And now, newly shared videos from the already iconic moment have revealed what exactly the pop star told the tight end soon after he helped lead his team to victory.

	“Come here, girl,” Kelce says when he first saw the 14-time Grammy winner on the field, quickly wrapping her up in a kiss. 

	“Oh my god,” she responds, hugging him tightly. “I cannot believe that. I can’t believe you. How did you do that?”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	One clip from the exchange shows Kelce asking, “Was it electric?”

	“It was unbelievable,” the “Anti-Hero” singer enthuses. “That was the craziest thing I’ve ever seen.”

	Moments before, Swift watched the offensive lineman deliver a raucous victory speech while accepting the Lombardi Trophy. “You gotta fight for your right to party!” he cheered, tears streaming down his face, as the musician looked on proudly from below the stage. 

	This year marked the Chiefs’ second Super Bowl win in a row, a feat they earned 25-22 against the San Francisco 49ers after going into overtime. Swift attended the game with her parents as well as Blake Lively, Ice Spice, Lana Del Rey and more famous friends before going to an afterparty with Kelce. 

	Videos from the post-game festivities captured the couple dancing and singing along to remixes of two of Swift’s Fearless era hits, “Love Story” and “You Belong With Me.” “It’s a love story, baby just say yes,” the “Karma” musician mouthed to the Ohio native before kissing him on the dance floor.

	See Swift congratulate Kelce after the 2024 Super Bowl below.
Travis Kelce with a hug for his mother and kisses for Taylor Swift pic.twitter.com/aAsoIGdXqK
Without the commentators voices pic.twitter.com/e8kaS8eOsc
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.