KANSAS CITY, Mo. (KCTV/Gray News) - The Kelce brothers revealed new information on their podcast about Travis Kelce’s sideline scuffle with head coach Andy Reid during the Super Bowl.
The New Heights podcast, hosted by brothers Jason and Travis Kelce, dropped a 78th episode ahead of the Kansas City Chiefs Championship Parade on Wednesday.
The championship game was filled with ups and downs for fans; however, the most jaw-dropping moment may have happened on the sidelines after what seemed to be a spat between Travis Kelce and Chiefs head coach Andy Reid.
“As he said, I got him with a cheap shot. People got all over this and I mean, I get it, I can’t get that fired up to the point where I’m bumping coach and getting him off balance and stuff. When he stumbled, I was just like, ‘Oh (expletive) man’ in my head,” Travis Kelce said. “Retrospectively, I’m a passionate guy, I love Coach Reid, Coach Reid knows how much I love to play for him, how much I’d love to be a product of his coaching career. I’m not playing for anyone else but Big Red.”
Kansas City’s tight end also claimed that when Reid decides to call it quits, he will follow him out.
“I’ve got a certain relationship with him; he’s checked me a few times,” Travis Kelce said. “And I just wanted to let him know that I wanted this thing and that he could put it on me and I got him. And it came at a moment where we weren’t playing very well, where I wasn’t playing very well, and we had to get some (expletive) going. And sometimes those emotions get away from you, and that’s been the battle of my career.”
Travis Kelce noted that the pair had “chuckled” about the incident in the days following the game.
The new podcast also gave fans a look into Jason Kelce’s new friendship with his brother’s megastar girlfriend Taylor Swift.
“Shout out to the security team, those guys are awesome,” Jason Kelce said of Swift’s team. “I’m not going to lie, I felt like I was a part of the team. I would always try and flank Tay, and you, that’s rather where I’m stumbling, I’m really trying to keep my position so I can march the right side, and these guys are like ‘this dude, this dude, such a compromising situation right now.’”
With the Chiefs returning to Kansas City as Super Bowl champions, the physical pain does not seem to be enough to keep either Kelce down.
“I feel like I just got in a train wreck man,” Travis Kelce said. “That was a physical fight, that was a physical game. That was five quarters of just hard-nosed football. It was worth every single discomfort and pain that I woke up to today. I just couldn’t be happier for the guys, the men and women that are in the Chiefs organization.”
As for Swift and her star-studded entourage, Jason Kelce said he was overwhelmed.
“Turns out, everybody wants to meet Taylor - Shaq came on in the suite - I think it was my first understanding of kind of some of the things she has to deal with on a lot of bases,” Jason Kelce told his younger brother. “There are so many star-studded people there where it’s like dude everybody wants to come see her but the suite’s only so big. It was overwhelming, to be honest with you. It was very overwhelming. I was going outside the suite talking to Keegan-Michael Key and his wife and a bunch of people, and it was like the celebrity attendance at the game was pretty unreal.”
Copyright 2024 KCTV via Gray Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved.