She's not the only queen who should be bowed down to. 
Christian Holub is a writer covering comics and other geeky pop culture. He's still mad about 'Firefly' getting canceled.
 Beyoncé Knowles-Carter is many things: An all-time great dancer, a popular singer, a mother, and (soon) a country star. But despite all those accomplishments, Beyoncé is not one of Billboard and Vibe‘s 2023 "50 greatest rappers of all time" – as one Jeopardy contestant learned this week.

 Granted, Beyoncé has rapped before, particularly when she makes guest appearances on songs by hip-hop artists like her husband Jay-Z or (more recently) Megan Thee Stallion. But she was not included in the "50 Greatest Rappers of All Time" list published last year, and unfortunately for one contestant, that was the list that Jeopardy used as a basis for a category this week.

 The clue was, "She invited us to 'Come Into My House' and also deal with the 'Wrath of Madness'; we bow down before this queen." The last few words do sound like something that Beyoncé's fans often say about her, and that's what tripped up one contestant.

 The second contestant who took at stab at the answer got it right: Queen Latifah.

 "Different queen," host Ken Jennings quipped afterward.

 Other answers in the category included 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, recent EW digital cover star Ice-T, and Chuck D — who reflected on the 35th anniversary of Public Enemy's iconic album It Takes a Nation of Millions To Hold Us Back with EW last year.

 Beyoncé has been branching out into other musical genres recently. The 2022 album Renaissance was her love letter to house music, and Renaissance: Act II (announced, with no small amount of flair, during Sunday's Super Bowl) will find her going full country. Just don't expect a Taylor Swift collaboration.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)