Trump says Haley’s husband isn’t there supporting her and wants to know where the hell he is?  Well, he’s deployed, in Africa, representing his government. 
If Trump didn’t have to go to Vietnam you don’t have to go to Africa
Read more at CNN
“This is somebody you could really get in trouble with as far as attacking,” the host said. “She doesn’t have to say who she’s voting for. All she has to say is get registered.”
Bill whats it like to be the last person to an opinion
Read more at THR
With more legal betting options than ever and an increased education on how to place online sports betting, its expected that this years betting will shatter all prior records1 in 4 Americans are expected to gamble on the big game.
Never seen so many winners in vegas. Every media person seems to be winning every bet. 
Read more at studyfinds.
McAfee gave his personal review after attending a U2 show at the Sphere. The Sphere was INCREDIBLE.. I thought I was a U2 fan but I realized that I’m not a U2 guy.
You guys seem like real music aficionados.
Read more at NY Post
After a record year for the NFL, Sunday’s big rematch between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers certainly has the potential to break a viewership record. They’re expected to beat the current record holder, 2023, which scored  115 million people. That incidentally was the second most watched television programming in history, beat only by the Moon landing with 150 million viewers.
Anything less than that and everyone’s going to blame Taylor
Read more at deadline.
The former Raiders star’s niece and nephew threatened to reveal info casting him ‘in a false light. He sued and was awarded $21 million.
The only way you’ll collect that money from them is if you loan it to them first.
Read more at deadspin
She says two men climbed onto her balcony but she scared them off.
Looks like somebody is a little jealous of the Bahamas  ladies press.
Read more at TMZ
Mariah Carey, Cher, Mary J Blige, Foreigner, Dave Matthews Band, Oasis, Lenny Kravitz, Ozzy Osbourne, A Tribe Called Quest, Jane’s Addiction, Sinéad O’Connor, Sade, Kool & Gang, Peter Frampton and Eric B. & Rakin made the list. 
Ozzy? That’s not rock and roll. 
Read more at ny post.
Jo-Ann Yoo, the executive director of the Asian American Federation, tells TMZ if he cuts a check and apologizes, they’ll be cool with him.
Sure but why do you get the check, lady. There’s a lot of asians out there. 
Read more at TMZ
Some theater kids are upset over new ‘Mean Girls’ lyric changes, and Tina Fey wants them to grow up. “I don’t think so, honey: little Broadway c–ts on TikTok complaining about two lines of ‘Revenge Party,’” she said during Bowan Yang’s Las Culturistas podcast
Who should she make her apology check out to?
Read more at NY post.
“When it comes to the performance it’s still hard to process how amazing it really was to be up there on that stage. No doubt a defining moment of my career,” he wrote. “Tracy, I want to send my sincerest thanks to you for allowing me to be a part of your moment. Thank you for the impact you have had on my musical journey, and the musical journeys of countless other singers, songwriters, musicians, and fans alike.”
You gotta think of another stunt, now.
Read more at THR
everything
EVERYTHING
everything
everything
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.