In an address to the nation, Biden responded to the critical special counsel report with defiance and strength.
And then forgot everything about it five minutes later. 
Read more at nbcnews.
A crucial ocean current system could be on course to collapse with catastrophic impacts on global weather according to scientists.
Dunno what this means but it don’t sound good
Read more at cnn.
Only the best comedians, and those who can joke about the national political picture are chosen to host this event. It’s considered very prestigious to be asked, and this year, Weekend Update.
Hopefully his Staten Island ferry comedy club will be ready in time. 
Read more at politico
After Peacock had huge success with an exclusive stream of one of the 2023 playoff games, Amaon wants in and is expected to buy the rights to stream an exclusive playoff game during the 2024 season .
This is going to make the fans so happy
Read more at bleacher report. 
He admits he spoke to Dylan, but says he had nothing to do with convincing him to de-commit to Georgia and switch to Nebraska. “If I’m guilty of anything, I said that Matt Rhule is a good coach and he’s a good man,” Kirk said. 
Dunno what happened but if Kirk gets fired America will be in a better place. 
Read more at awful announcing.
The simulation can’t predict whether Taylor Swift will show up, but it did predict that Kansas City will win in a squeaker, beating San Francisco by a score of 30-28.
So guess there’s no sense in playing now. 
Read more at Study Finds
Pro Football Hall of Fame voters somehow snubbed iconic tight end Antonio Gates in his first appearance on the ballot despite scoring more touchdowns than any other player at the position in NFL history.
Looks like we’ve got some guardians at the gates. 
Read more at NY Post.   
Kobe actually helped pick the pose of the statue which was initially planned before his death. “So if anyone has any issues with it, tough shit,” she said, adding, “it is what it is.” The first statue, sculpted by Julie Rotblatt Amrany, features tattoos of their daughters’ names on Kobe Bryant’s arm. Vanessa Bryant said that the other statues would include one with Gianna and another featuring his No. 24 jersey.
It’s 2024 and we still can’t come up with a better idea to memorialize someone than a statue. 
Read more at huffpost.
FULL SPEECH: Vanessa Bryant unveils Kobe’s statue pic.twitter.com/7q6zb9ok3H
— Los Angeles Lakers (@Lakers) February 9, 2024
Ashley Massaro wrote an affidavit before committing suicide, saying that Vince McMahon preyed on female wrestlers and destroyed her career when she turned down his advances.
The next Wrestlemania should be in hell. 
Read more at NY post.
There’s a drought at the Box Office this winter, due in part to the writers and actors strike, but also due to a lack of worthy movie titles.  In terms of studio fare, February 2024’s lineup is largely anchored by Valentine’s Day and Presidents Day weekend. That’s when the Kingsley Ben-Adir starrer One Love: Bob Marley goes up against Sony’s superhero pic Madame Web, starring Dakota Johnson and Sydney Sweeney.
No one’s ever heard of any of these movies. 
Read more at THR
They paid him $10 Million for  appearing in a Dunkin’ Donuts Super Bowl Ad. TEN MILLION!
That’s a lot of dough.  Nuts. 
Read more at tmz
He wrote a lengthy essay on Facebook slamming Larry David for his mock attack on Elmo on the Today Show. “What the f*** is wrong with that guy? Elmo is, like, the best friend to multiple generations of children. In the Sesame Street universe, ELMO IS A CHILD, who is currently putting mental health and caring for others in the spotlight. And Larry F***ing David … did … that? And thought it was going to be … funny? What? What an ass****. What a stupid, self-centered, tone deaf ass****.”  He said his dad was abusive to him as a kid and would grab and shake him the way Larry shook Elmo.
Will must not be able to watch the Simpsons at all. 
Read more at TMZ
Davidson was scheduled to open for Matt Rife, which is odd enough by itself.  But he ducked it at the last minute, just two hours before the show was slated to start.
Is he ok? This isn’t like Pete to miss a show
Read more at pagesix.  
He was performing tracks from his new album Vultures at Chicago’s United Center while also live streaming the performance on a platform called Veep.  As he rapped the lyrics “And I’m still crazy, bipolar, anti-Semite, and I’m still the king,” Veeps stopped the livestream.
Shouldnt the problem be fucking with any Jew?
Read more at mediaite
After seeing the Putin interview, former UK PM Boris Johnson called Tucker Carlson a traitor.
Less a traitor and more a bad interviewer. 
Read more at the hill.
EVERYTHING
everything
everything
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.