Patrick Mahomes and members of the Kansas City Chiefs organization are speaking out after multiple people were injured during a shooting following the Chiefs Super Bowl LVIII victory parade.
Mahomes took to X (formerly Twitter) shortly after the shooting, writing that he was "Praying for Kansas City…"
His wife, Brittany, also spoke out on her Instagram story.
"Shooting people is never the answer," "Praying for Kansas City & America in general, this is rough."
Linebacker Drue Tranquill wrote, "Please join me in prayer for all the victims in this heinous act. Pray that doctors & first responders would have steady hands & that all would experience full healing."
The Chiefs also put out a statement on social media, which read, "We are truly saddened by the senseless act of violence that occurred outside of Union Station at the conclusion of today's parade and rally."
"Our hearts go out to the victims, their families and all of Kansas City," the statement continued. "We are in close communication with the Mayor's Office as well as the Kansas City Police Department."
The Chiefs also announced that all players, coaches, staff and their families were safe and accounted for, thanking law enforcement and first responders who aided in the victims.
See more reactions from Chiefs players below:
Rick Burkholder, the Chiefs' VP of Sports Medicine and Performance, was with coach Andy Reid following the event, and posted to X, "My wife and I along with Coach Reid and his family are safe and on a bus headed to Arrowhead.  Thank you to @kcpolice and others."
Kansas City's mayor, Quinton Lucas, also spoke out in a statement, writing in part, "I am heartbroken for our community."
"As thousands gathered under bright skies today, the horrific acts of a few brought tragedy to us all," the statement continued. "While many of us ran for safety, law enforcement and first responders ran toward danger to protect all of us. I am grateful for their courage and service to the people of Kansas City."
"This is difficult for our community," Lucas continued. "We will continue to work hard to ensure assailants are brought to justice, our victims receive exceptional care, all families impacted receive our support and that we as a city and country do all we can to prevent tragedies like this from ever occurring again."
Meanwhile, the NFL said in a statement that it is "deeply saddened by the senseless shooting."
"Our thoughts are with the victims and everyone affected," the statement read. "We are grateful for the quick and thorough response of law enforcement and emergency personnel."
Union Station, where the shooting occurred, also released a statement on X, saying that it is "profoundly saddened by the tragic and violent events that occurred at the end of the Chiefs Parade and Rally."
"Our hearts go out to the victims, their families and all of Kansas City. We are closely coordinated with local law enforcement agencies and the Mayor’s Office as the investigation continues and additional details emerge," the statement read. "Our appreciation is extended to the hundreds of law enforcement, security services, and first responders who were on-site today to act quickly and thoroughly."
Union Station added, "Our Union Station professional team joins the Kansas City community in seeking a place of peace as we work through these very tough circumstances."
Wednesday's day of celebration for the Chiefs (who defeated the San Francisco 49ers 25-22 on Sunday in Las Vegas) ended with multiple people injured and two people arrested, following a shooting in downtown Kansas City. 
Around 3:05 p.m. the Kansas City Police Department tweeted that there were reports of shots fired at Union Station and asked members of the public to clear the area. The official account followed up, writing, "Shots were fired west of Union Station near the garage and multiple people were struck. We took two armed people into custody for more investigation."
It continued, "Anyone nearby needs to leave the area as quickly and safely as possible to facilitate treatment of the shooting victims. Please avoid the Union Station parking garage area to allow first responders through."
Prior to the incident, Kelce, Mahomes, Coach Andy Reid and the Chiefs organization celebrated their third Super Bowl victory in fives years with their fans. During the parade, thousands of fans lined the streets of Kansas City as the team made their way through the district on a float and stood onstage where teammates gave speeches.
At one point, Kelce took the mic and sang his own rendition of Garth Brooks' "Friends in Low Places." Missing from the festivities was his girlfriend, Taylor Swift. 
ET confirmed that Swift arrived in Melbourne, Australia, Wednesday morning to kick off the highly anticipated Australian leg of her popular Eras Tour. The pop star made the trip on her private jet with just enough time to get over any jet lag before her Friday night concert.
RELATED CONTENT: 
News
News
Super Bowl
Video