By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

	Producers of The Traitors talked about casting the Peacock competition series and gave insight into what goes into deciding who gets to participate.

	During a panel at the Television Critics Association winter press tour on Wednesday, Feb. 14, producers name-dropped some big celebrities as they look ahead to Season 3.

	“Beyoncé,” host and producer Alan Cumming said during the panel as the star he would like to cast on the show.

	Executive producer Stephen Lambert quipped, “Well, if we’re aiming that high, I’ll have Taylor Swift.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Critics Choice Real TV Noms: 'The Traitors' Leads Field Over 'DWTS' & 'Top Chef' - Full List		
			















	News
	



	
		
					DreamWorks Animation's 'Dog Man' Sets Peacock Premiere Date		
			







	The second season of The Traitors, which is currently streaming on Peacock, leaned into casting reality stars and celebrities. The cast includes former contestants from CBS shows like Survivor and Big Brother, and Bravo shows like The Real Housewives. As the faithful try to uncover the traitors, the groups form based on who they know and have existing relationships with, something producers want to continue doing in the following seasons.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	“We like having some of the cast having existing relationships, maybe even an existing animosity because that means that they’re straight in with an attitude and relationship with each other,” Lambert told Deadline. “Whereas if nobody knows anybody, then it takes a while to get going.” 

	Executive producer Sam Rees-Jones teased that they are in the “really early stages” of casting for Season 3 and hinted they will “mix it up as far as who’s going to come in.”

	Cumming has been open about wanting more LGBTQ+ representation in future seasons of the show.

	“I feel like we could do better in terms of queer representation in terms of the contestants,” the show’s host told us. “I’ve suggested people and I think it’s a very diverse cast but not in terms of LGBTQ+.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.