Color Scheme
Subscriber Actions
Staff Options
Connect With Us
Support Local Journalism
KANSAS CITY, Mo. – In December, quarterback Patrick Mahomes was asked about international singing star Taylor Swift regularly coming to Kansas City Chiefs games to cheer for boyfriend Travis Kelce.
“At first, I felt like everybody kind of stayed away. Just let him do what he was doing,” Mahomes told CBS Mornings. “And then he started bringing Taylor around, and he realized how cool of a person she was. And she is. And so for us, I mean, there were a couple of jokes here and there at the beginning, but now it’s just, she’s just part of Chiefs Kingdom now. She’s part of the team.”
Swift was at Super Bowl LVIII, but because her Eras Tour was stopping in Australia, couldn’t be at Wednesday’s parade and rally. She clearly saw the horrific shooting that took place outside Union Station as the rally ended.
Police said Thursday that 23 people were shot, and more than half were younger that 16 years old. Lisa Lopez-Galvan of Shawnee, a mother of two, was killed.
Two back-to-back $50,000 donations were made in Swift’s name on a GoFundMe set up for Lopez-Galvan’s family. A representative for Swift confirmed to Variety that the donation was indeed from the singer.
“Sending my deepest sympathies and condolences in the wake of your devastating loss. With love, Taylor Swift,” the donation reads.
Lopez-Galvan was a disc jockey who hosted a Tejano music program on community radio station KKFI.
Local journalism is essential.
Give directly to The Spokesman-Review's Northwest Passages community forums series -- which helps to offset the costs of several reporter and editor positions at the newspaper -- by using the easy options below. Gifts processed in this system are tax deductible.
Get the day’s top entertainment headlines delivered to your inbox Thursday afternoons.
Confessions are tough. Real tough.
Follow Us
Support Local Journalism
Subscribe
Help
User

Advertising

More
Contact Us
© Copyright 2025, The Spokesman-Review | Community Guidelines | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright Policy