Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom are "more in love now than they've ever been", with a source suggesting they could finally be ready to set a date for their wedding.
Orlando proposed to Katy on Valentine's day back in 2019, but the loved-up couple are yet to make it down the aisle. They were originally set to tie the knot in 2020, but their plans were derailed when they couldn't secure their dream location. They then had to change their wedding plans again during the COVID-19 pandemic.
However, Katy and Orlando are now hoping that 2024 will be "the year they make it happen". A source explained: "They're happier then ever and everyone is predicting they'll get married soon - possibly even on Valentine's Day, which is the anniversary of their engagement."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift predicted her relationship with Travis Kelce in resurfaced 2009 interview
The source explained how both Katy and Orlando originally wanted to get married in Japan, but said the distance made it too difficult to arrange. "Doing something closer to home in California makes a lot more sense. Their place in Montecito has nine acres so there's plenty of room to do it there. Plus, it's close to LA so all of their showbiz friends could easily attend," the source told Heat magazine.
The couple are believed to have been enjoying a number of romantic dates recently and have been made stronger following the birth of their daughter Daisy Dove Bloom in 2020. Daisy "totally united" Katy and Orlando, according to the source, and they're "more in love now than they've ever been".
As well as finalising any wedding plans, Katy and Orlando are rumoured to be hoping to expand their family in 2024. The source suggested Katy "very much wants to have baby number two" and said this year makes the most sense.
The singer finished her Las Vegas residency in November 2023, meaning she has more time to spend with her family. At three years old, the source also said Daisy is now "old enough to understand the whole thing" and is ready to be a big sister. The Mirror has approached representatives for Katy and Orlando for comment.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.