Manage your account
If you let out your home on Airbnb for a week or two in the summer, the price will be closely examined.
If you make more than £1,000 profit from selling second hand clothes on platforms such as Depop, you may be liable to pay the taxman.
And if you decide to cash in on your Taylor Swift tickets and collect a few grand on StubHub or Viagogo then you will have to sacrifice some of the money you made.
HMRC kicked off the new year in typically good-natured style by launching a crackdown on the hustle economy.
We all understand that the tax rules have to be obeyed, and it is just doing its job. But this is the very worst time to go to war on side gigs – because in reality they might be the only thing that saves the British economy from the dire state it is in.
It was hardly the most cheerful start to the year. According to HMRC, well-known gig economy websites such as Airbnb, eBay, and Etsy will now have to hand over lists of people making money from them straight to the taxman.
If you are not putting any profits over and above the £1,000 annual exemption on your tax return you may find yourself in trouble.
Under the existing rules, British sites were already required to provide data to the tax authorities, but under new OECD agreements HMRC can now require American web sellers to provide the same levels of detailed information.
Hundreds of thousands of sellers may end up paying tax for the first time. After all, 12pc of us are estimated to have some form of side hustle, so there is plenty of money at stake.
No one would blame HMRC for that. It is there to enforce the rules, and it is clearly wrong that someone making thousands of pounds a year trading concert tickets, or selling ‘pre-loved’ clothes online, should escape paying any taxes on their earnings.
The Revenue is probably hoping, no doubt correctly, that simply publicising its ability to share data with the major web platforms will nudge plenty of people into declaring their earnings as quickly as possible. A few tens of millions in extra revenue will be raised with very little effort, and might even go some way to plugging the £100bn hole in the Government’s finances.
Here’s the problem, however. We need the hustle economy more than we might realise.
There are two reasons for that. First, it helps people earn a little extra spare cash at a time when they are paying record levels of tax and the cost of living has soared.
Amid a squeeze on household finances, fixed rate mortgage deals coming to an end, the cost of many basic items still rising, real wages under more pressure than they have been for a generation or two, and with extra taxes to be paid, lots of people will be genuinely struggling to pay their bills this year.
Surely it is better if they “hustle” their way out of trouble, making a bit of extra cash with some side gigs, instead of falling behind with their mortgage repayments, or cutting back even more on day-to-day spending.
If we scare them off doing that, the whole economy will be worse off.
Next, a “hustle” is often a pathway to entrepreneurship. True, some people just earn a bit of extra cash and take it no further. But sometimes it is more than that.
The teenager selling clothes on Vinted may well get a taste for trading, work out that she can make money for herself, and eventually move on to running her own shops, website or fashion business.
The guy selling spare parts on eBay may stumble across a unique product that has real potential, and figure out that he can launch his own business with a ready-made market.
It won’t happen very often, but if just a handful of those “gigs” turn into real companies, with offices and employees, it will make a huge difference to the overall wealth of the country.
It is hard to see why we would want to kill off that kind of enterprise and initiative before it has even had a chance to get started.
The dismal reality is that the UK is slumping into an Italian-style zero growth economy. With a Labour government almost certain to take power later this year committed to crushing whatever life is left out of the economy, we will need lots of people working on informal side gigs just to keep the place going.
After all, it is only the existence of a huge black economy that keeps Italy functioning at all, and while no one would advocate that for the UK – we are too instinctively law-abiding for that to work here – a flourishing hustle economy could perform the same vital role.
It would not be hard to fix the problem. We could introduce an expanded “hustle allowance” that allowed people to earn up to £10,000 a year from a side gig without becoming liable for any extra tax, or even requiring them to register their earnings.
That would enable people to earn a meaningful amount of extra income, and perhaps even take them to the level where they could think about turning it into their main job, without any red tape.
Instead, we are intent on stifling the life out of the gig economy, tying up anyone trying to work their way out of financial trouble in forms and paperwork, and crushing entrepreneurial ambition that might otherwise start to flourish.
Sure, the Chancellor will collect a few extra million in tax revenues to plug the deficit for a few more days. But the whole economy will be permanently worse off.
Instead, we should let the hustle economy grow as fast as it possibly can – who knows, it might be the only thing that saves us from a complete economic collapse.
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 1 month, then enjoy 1 year for just $9 with our US-exclusive offer.