Kelly Osbourne attends the 66th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com Arena on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Kelly Osbourne thinks the diabetes drug Ozempic is "amazing" to use for weight loss. Ozempic has been gaining popularity among Hollywood's elite, who use it to lose a lot of weight. Ozempic is not approved for weight loss and is used to lower blood sugar levels and regulate insulin, which is crucial for people with Type 2 diabetes. When a celebrity visibly loses a large amount of weight, folks online theorize it is due to the use of Ozempic for the short time frame results. One doctor told People that this trend is "concerning."

A post shared by

Celebrities who have discussed using the diabetes drug include Oprah Winfrey, Kelly's mom, Sharon Osbourne, Tracy Morgan, Amy Schumer, Anthony Anderson (he actually needs it for Type 2 diabetes), and Elon Musk. The list keeps growing, and some celebrities have denied using the drug. Some of the harsh side effects of taking Ozempic include diarrhea and vomiting. Due to the increased demand, there are now shortages of Ozempic, making it unavailable for those living with Type 2 diabetes who really need the medication.
While speaking to E! News on the red carpet recently for Dolly Parton's Pet Gala, she said, "There are a million ways to lose weight, why not do it through something that isn't as boring as working out?" Osbourne, 39, held nothing back as she added, "The people who hate on it the most are the people who are secretly doing it or pissed off that they can't afford it. Unfortunately, right now, it's something that is very expensive, but it eventually won't be because it actually works."

A post shared by

One person commented on Kelly's comments, "She says the dumbest s--- every time she opens her mouth." Another said, "Maybe cause there are actual diabetics who now can’t get the medications they need???" A third slammed her with, "It’s giving 'who’s going to clean your toilets?' part 2… YIKES." Another suggested, "Of course she would say something like that, she’s taking it." One person quoted her: "'Boring like working out'??? Better have side effects in future? Girl, sometimes it’s better not to talk. Working out gives you not only better body - it’s about health & endorphins, feeling good, being active. Very sad interview."
To bathe or not to bathe: that is the question fans are curious about when it comes to Hollywood's elite. With millions of dollars earned over the course of their careers, one would think that celebrities are as clean as they look in public. That is certainly not the case for all famous people, as there have been plenty of reports of stinky stars on sets. Some celebrities have even admitted how rarely they bathe.
According to a study conducted by Harvard Medical School in 2021, approximately two-thirds of Americans shower daily. Societal norms and the idea that showering daily is considered healthy. Additionally, people find it beneficial to shower on a daily basis to remove body odor, help wake up, and as part of their routine. However, it is unclear if a daily shower accomplishes much and may even be bad for your health and the environment.
With excessive washing and scrubbing under hot water, our body's natural oils and "good bacteria" are removed. Showering in this manner can cause skin to be itchy, dry, and irritated. Cracked, dry skin may allow bacteria and allergens to breach the barrier skin, leading to skin infections and allergic reactions. Using antibacterial soaps upsets the balance of microorganisms on the skin. Our immune systems need a certain amount of stimulation by normal microorganisms, dirt, and other environmental exposures in order to create protective antibodies and "immune memory." Additionally, the water supply we clean ourselves may contain salts, heavy metals, chlorine, fluoride, pesticides, and other chemicals that can cause problems, too. Also, the oils, perfumes, and other additives in shampoos, conditioners, and soaps can cause problems like allergic reactions.
Unless you are sweaty and dirty on a daily basis, whether it is from your job, working out, or naturally, experts suggest that showering several times per week is plenty for most people. Showers should last around three to four minutes, with a focus on the armpits and groin.
Take a look below at which celebrities have questionable hygiene habits.
Pitt's pits must be screaming. The 'Inglourious Basterds' star said back in 2009 that with six kids, "All you’ve got to do is just take [baby wipes], a couple quick wipes under the pits. I’m getting [peed] on all day. I don’t have time to take a shower."

In January 2024, his former roommate, fellow actor Jason Priestley, revealed that they used to have contests where they tried to see who would go the longest without a shower when they lived together in Los Angeles during the early days of their careers.
When asked by 'Vanity Fair' in 2021 if there was “anything revelatory” about his “shower ritual,” Jake finds bathing to be "less necessary" at times. He added that there is a "whole world of not bathing" that is really helpful for skin maintenance, and we naturally clean ourselves."

The 'Nightcrawler' actor also made it a point that to say he makes sure he has good-smelling breath.
In 2021, Kutcher revealed he hardly showers. Instead, he washes his armpits and crotch daily, "and nothing else ever." With his trust bar of Lever 2000 that "delivers every time," the 'That 70's Show' alum adds he also splashes some water on his face after a workout to "get all the salts out."

His wife, Mila Kunis shares the same showering values. The two caught criticism when they revealed they don’t believe in bathing their kids with soap every day, as it "gets rid of the natural oil on your skin." Kutcher said, "If you can see the dirt on them, clean them. Otherwise, there’s no point."
This "Anti-Hero" is anti-hygiene. Swift revealed in during an appearance on 'The Ellen Show' that she doesn’t actively wash her legs in the shower. Because she “shaves” her legs, the pop icon believes that "shaving cream is like soap." She did ask the host if that counts, and when Ellen agreed, Swift added, "I'm on the right side of history then." However, Ellen pointed out that if she isn't shaving her legs, she isn't "washing" them, but Swift said she shaves her legs daily. Ellen hilarious then stated, "God, you must be hairy."
Pattinson may be Batman, but he's not bathe-man. The 'Twilight' alum revealed to 'Extra' that he doesn’t think it’s necessary to wash your hair on a daily basis. In fact, he admitted to not washing his hair for a very long time. The actor said that he has gone six weeks without washing his hair. "I don’t really see the point in washing your hair." However, while filming 'Twilight,' a crew member who worked closely with him claimed, "He stinks. I mean, it’s awful. He never showers, and it drives people on the set crazy."

In 2012, he told the 'Chicago Tribune' he has "so much residue crap in my hair from years and years of not washing it and not having any sense of personal hygiene whatsoever." He even asks  the studio rep to brush off his fallen dandruff!
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!