Manage your account
As awards season speeds full steam ahead, a throughline appears: Celebrities are expanding their horizons when it comes to statement- and headline-making moments on the red carpet, folding in global designers among tried-and-true Parisian and Italian luxury fashion houses. THR looks at five buzzy international designers to watch, known for creating everything from showstopping gowns that can amplify awards triumphs to sure-to-go-viral fashions loved by Gen Z.
Melbourne, Australia
More from The Hollywood Reporter
Jennifer Lopez Announces 'This is Me...Now' Behind-the-Scenes Documentary 'The Greatest Love Story Never Told'
Taylor Swift Makes $100K Donation to Family of Chiefs Parade Shooting Victim
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth to Co-Chair 2024 Met Gala
Known for its effortlessly cool and elevated beach bride aesthetic, Australian label Kyha Studios is translating the glamour and romance of the wedding aisle to the red carpet.
At the 2024 Golden Globes, The Bear’s Abby Elliott channeled Grecian goddess glamour in an asymmetrical black gown, inspired by Frank Gehry’s architecture, and singer Tinashe glowed in a striking beaded corset gown. Nicole Scherzinger and Dixie D’Amelio also dazzled in glimmering blue confections from the same collection, while The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel’s Marin Hinkle walked the carpet in a streamlined red halter gown. “Cityscapes and nature are a wealth of inspiration for me,” says the brand’s founder and creative director, Kyha Scott. “We’re hoping we have the opportunity to create a one-of-a-kind piece this year.”
Rabat, Morocco
Oscar nominee Lily Gladstone kicked off her awards season sweep with two wins in January: not only a New York Film Critics Circle best actress honor but also a red carpet moment in an ornately pleated and corseted golden gown by Maison Sara Chraibi. “[Stylist] Jason Rembert reached out for a collaborative project, a proposition we enthusiastically accepted, driven by our admiration for Lily’s artistic endeavors.” says the Rabat-based Sara Chraibi, known for dressing the region’s glitterati for nearly a decade.
Influenced by her architecture studies and career in Paris, Chraibi dreams up draped and sculpted pieces that boast exquisite tailoring, geometric patterning and intricate embroidery. “Traditional Moroccan techniques, like Sabra silk and sfifa weaving, but reinterpreted with a contemporary twist,” says Chraibi of her aesthetic. “This blend of heritage and modernity pays homage to Moroccan culture and craftsmanship, showcasing their timeless beauty globally.”
London
Since founding her line in 2017, Albania-born and London-based designer Nensi Dojaka quickly amassed an A-list fan base, including Anya Taylor-Joy, Emma Corrin and Zendaya, with innovative takes on bodywear and louche lingerie.
In December, Priscilla star Cailee Spaeny embodied classic glamour in a custom gown by the label with intricate strap detailing. “The use of delicate silk georgette intertwined with gold lurex thread has helped to elevate one of our most iconic gathered bras framed by spaghetti straps,” explains Dojaka of the design.
And in the fall, style arbiter Alexa Chung turned heads in London in a black sequin Fall 2023 jumpsuit, featuring Dojaka’s trademark sculptural linework and bold cutouts. “Thanks to the choice of materials, we have been able to translate our aesthetic and language to create two-pieces and more playful sets [for the red carpet] that still hold all our key design elements,” says the Central Saint Martins alum.
Taipei, Taiwan
This Is Me … Now: A Love Story writer and star Jennifer Lopez wowed at the Golden Globes in a cherry blossom pink caped confection by Nicole + Felicia, a label that initially launched in the U.S. as a bridal brand. The Taipei-based wedding and eveningwear label has been dressing VIPs throughout Asia for years; now it has its eye on Hollywood.
In December, Taraji P. Henson introduced a screening of The Color Purple in a floral-embellished Nicole + Felicia velvet minidress, and Taylor Swift regaled her ardent fans in a radiant blush-pink ball gown from the brand during her fashion-filled The Eras Tour.
“We’re known for our intricate beadwork and immaculate craftsmanship, and that definitely shines through our creations for both stage and red carpet,” say sisters and founders Nicole and Felicia Chang via email, with their eye on the 2024 Met Gala as the next goalpost. “We love creating grand, sculptural silhouettes, as that always generates a buzzworthy moment and translates beautifully on digital media.”
Shanghai
Trendsetting Gen Z-ers like Olivia Rodrigo, Sydney Sweeney and Maddie Ziegler flock to playful, pop culture-influenced label Shushu/Tong, founded by London College of Fashion grads Liushu Lei and Yutong Jiang. “Super tiny short skirts are one of our signature designs,” says Lei about the Shanghai-based brand’s subversive take on flourishes traditionally considered girlie, such as dainty bows, exuberant ruffles and flouncy skirts.
Within the past year, Shay Mitchell affected a Barbie stance in a black-and-white basque-waist minidress from the label’s Pretty Woman-themed Fall 2023 collection, Zooey Deschanel beamed in a saucy blue sequin skirt and halter top adorned with a whimsical ruffle bib, and Saltburn’s Alison Oliver preened in a floor-length gown cheekily amplified by a sweetheart-shaped sheer panel. “I never expect celebrities to wear my collection for such an important event [as a red carpet],” says Lei. “It’s really exciting and unexpected.”
This story first appeared in the Feb. 14 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. Click here to subscribe.
Best of The Hollywood Reporter
Meet the Superstars Who Glam Up Hollywood’s A-List 
Rosie O'Donnell on Ellen, Madonna, Trump and 40 Years in the Queer Spotlight
Hollywood’s 25 Most Powerful Stylists: Why Sydney Sweeney, Sadie Sink, Anne Hathaway, Angela Bassett and Jodie Turner-Smith Love Their Image Makers