By Alan Jaffe
Posted on February 16, 2024
Para leer en español, vea esta traducción de Google Translate.
Neither Taylor Swift nor Travis Kelce has endorsed a candidate in the 2024 presidential race as of Feb. 16. But social media posts are making the unfounded claim that the pair said they plan to leave the U.S. if former President Donald Trump wins the 2024 election.
The romance between pop star Taylor Swift and NFL star Travis Kelce has moved beyond the realms of music and sports and has become a flash point in the world of politics. 
The singer-songwriter endorsed the Democratic presidential ticket of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris in 2020, as we’ve written before, and the Biden campaign is hoping for Swift’s support again in the 2024 election.
Kelce, the tight end for the champion Kansas City Chiefs, made his own endorsement in 2023 — for getting COVID-19 and flu vaccinations — by appearing in a Pfizer television ad. His support for getting the COVID-19 vaccine drew a backlash from those opposed to the vaccines, including a post on X, the platform formerly known as Twitter, from commentator Tomi Lahren, who asked, “Is this what happens when you date Taylor Swift?”
As of Feb. 16, neither Swift nor Kelce has made any public political endorsements in the 2024 presidential race.
However, a few days after the Chiefs won Super Bowl LVIII on Feb. 11, posts on social media made the unfounded claim, “Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce say they will leave the United States if Donald Trump becomes President in 2024.”
A Facebook post said, “So now Taylor Swift and her violent boyfriend will leave the country if Trump is re-elected, good.”
The social media posts provide no source for the claim, and we could find no public statements from the performer or the football player about their plans if former President Donald Trump were to win the election in November. 
It’s worth noting that Kelce’s current four-year, $57.25 million contract with the Chiefs runs through 2025.
As for Swift, she has an estimated $150 million invested in eight homes in four states in the U.S., according to Elle Decor. 
So there is no evidence either is making plans for moving out of the U.S. anytime soon.
Editor’s note: FactCheck.org is one of several organizations working with Facebook to debunk misinformation shared on social media. Our previous stories can be found here. Facebook has no control over our editorial content.
Epstein, Reid J., et al. “Inside Biden’s Anti-Trump Battle Plan (And Where Taylor Swift Fits In).” New York Times. 29 Jan 2024.
Goldman, Charles. “Chiefs Structure TE Travis Kelce’s Contract.” USA Today. 27 Jul 2022.
Jaffe, Alan. “Online Posts Share Altered Photo of Taylor Swift With Bogus Political Sign.” FactCheck.org. 2 Feb 2024.
Murray, Conor. “Travis Kelce’s Ads For Pfizer And Bud Light Draw Right-Wing Anger.” Forbes. 25 Sep 2023.
Shafiq, Saman. “Travis Kelce does vaccine ad, tells public they can get COVID, flu vaccines at same time.” USA Today. 2 Oct 2023.
Silva, Rachel. “Step Inside Taylor Swift’s Eight Multimillion-Dollar Homes.” Elle Decor. 3 Oct 2023.
Via y Rada, Nicole and Marianna Sotomayor. “Taylor Swift Endorses Joe Biden for President.” NBC News. 7 Oct 2020.
Q: Is it true the rumor that all Social Security beneficiaries will have to go to a location to verify their identity to receive their monthly check?
A: The Social Security Administration had announced new policies on identity verification that would have required those applying for retirement and survivor benefits for the first time to verify their identity either online or in person at a field office. Phone verification wasn’t going to be an option any longer. However, the SSA canceled that policy days before it was to take effect. Direct deposit changes can only be done online or in person.