Simu Liu is more than Kenough when it comes to hosting the biggest night in pop culture.
In fact, the 2024 People's Choice Awards emcee is teasing a possible reunion with his costars from 2023's biggest blockbuster when the ceremony kick's off this Sunday, Feb. 18, at Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, Calif. (Get all the details on how to watch here.)
"I would wager that we'll see a couple people from the movie," Liu exclusively revealed on E! News Feb. 15. "I wanna leave a little bit to surprise as well."
That seems very likely, as Liu, Ryan Gosling and Margot Robbie are all nominated at the PCAs for their roles in Greta Gerwig's critically acclaimed film. (See the full list of 2024 nominees here.)
But would Liu ever join Gosling on stage at this year's Academy Awards for a performance of his Oscar-nominated Best Original Song "I'm Just Ken"?
"I'm in," the 34-year-old told E!. "He's my guy. He's an incredible singer. He's got a voice, he can hit the notes. I think the Academy would be stupid not to invite him."
Another multi-nominated performer at this year's ceremony? Taylor Swift.
But, unfortunately, Liu says fans shouldn't get their hopes up when it comes to seeing the Grammy-winning star at the show.
"We're a big Swiftie household," he shared, adding of the Eras singer, "the thing is Taylor will be on tour at that time. She's off to Australia for the next leg of her tour and then she's got to do four shows there. So, we're not expecting it, but what an incredible year for her."
See if Liu, Swift and more stars win top categories when the 2024 People's Choice Awards air Feb. 18 at 8 p.m. on NBC, E! and Peacock.
And keep reading to see the best dressed stars ever on the PCAs red carpet.
Olivia WIlde
The actress showed lots of skin in a sexy, slinky black lace dress for the 2022 ceremony.
Hot mama! The rapper wowed at the 2021 ceremony in a sparkly pink dress that showed off her signature curves.
The Euphoria star kept it classy and sexy with this black gown with the midsection cut out. The actress went on to win the Drama TV Star of 2019 and Movie Actress of 2019.
The People's Icon of 2020 did not disappoint! J.Lo looked red hot in this sculptural scarlet dress.
The Icon of 2021 Award recipient channels Catwoman in a sizzling, sparkling body suit by Rick Owens.
Khloe Kardashian attended the 2018 PCAs just a few months after giving birth to her daughter True Thompson.
The 2021 People's Icon rocked a color-blocked ensemble that really stood out.
The RHOBH star gave a twist to the little black dress during the 2021 ceremony.
The comedian stunned in a colorful look consisting of a body-hugging green dress, purple hair and a rainbow clutch.
The Live From E! red carpet host slayed in a feathered purple dress at the 2021 show.
Gwen Stefani was honored with the Fashion Icon award at the 2019 PCAs, and she showed up looking like a queen ready to take her rightful place on her fashion throne.
The Latin Artist winner shows lots of leg in a yellow and black Roberto Cavalli gown with a thigh-high slit and side cut-out.
The comedian looked like a boss in this floral number.
Kim Kardashian always knows how to rock a red carpet. This skintight floor length ensemble was one for the books and proved why she's nominated for the Style Star of 2019.
The RHOBH star's statement boots were the most enviable accessory of the 2021 show.
She proved there's nothing more powerful than a great power suit.
It's safe to say the Fashion Icon Award recipient slayed on the red carpet. 
The insecure star was dapper AF as he made his way down the red carpet.
She may be cool for the summer but at the 2020 award show, Demi was red hot.
In 2019, the A Wrinkle In Time actress looked gorgeous as she strolled down the red carpet in a patterned blue dress with incredible puffy sleeves. 
How to get away with looking incredible on a red carpet?! Just take a few notes from Viola Davis. The actress looked incredible in a floor length pretty pink gown.
Kourtney Kardashian showed off her toned abs in this shirtless ensemble at the 2019 E! People's Choice Awards.
Michaela Jae Rodriguez
The Pose alum looked like a Disney princess in a stunning white gown in 2022.
The "Homecoming Queen" singer looked lovely in a pink ruffled crop top look with a matching mini-skirt.
The Modern Family star stunned in a gorgeous orange gown with a daring slip down the side. 
He's not in Riverdale any more! KJ Apa went with a pink suit at the 2019 PCAs and apparently Archie is all grown up.
The Ghost Whisperer star rocked this royal blue look with matching eye shadow at the 2000 People's Choice Awards. The Ghost Whisperer star proved that she's always been a style icon.
The reality star looked completely at home on the carpet in a chic black tuxedo dress at the 2019 PCAs. 
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star went solo to the 2019 awards show, and stunned in a gorgeous white sleek gown.
The former Destiny's Child singer proved that she's still got it on the red carpet at the 2019 PCAs while wearing a beautiful patterned gown.
(E!, NBC and Peacock are all part of the NBCUniversal family)
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.