Singer Taylor Swift has revealed she was left lonely during her six year relationship with ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn.
Taylor and Joe broke up in early 2023 after six years together, a few months before Taylor settled down with Kansas City Chiefs player Travis Kelce. The split from actor Alwyn came as a shock, but Taylor has now hinted that the romance wasn't always rosy as she revealed she wrote some of her latest material whilst being 'lonely' during quarantine for the COVID-19 lockdown, at which time she lived with Joe.
Performing at her sold out Eras tour in Melbourne, the Shake It Off singer introduced song Betty, as she told fans that she painted herself as a "ghostly Victorian lady" before joking that it took her away from being a "lonely millennial woman covered in cat hair, drinking my weight in white wine."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'desperate' to be Taylor Swift's friend in a bid to overhaul her image
The song features on her album 'Folklore', which Alwyn helped to write songs for. The pair were first linked together in 2017 after reportedly first meeting at the 2016 Met Gala, before later going public with their romance. Their split in April 2023 was a shock, with neither party giving clear indication at the time over the reason behind the surprise break up.
In April last year, a source told PEOPLE the shock split between the pair was largely caused by "differences in their personalities." The source explained: "They've had rough patches before and always worked things out, so friends thought they would take some time apart but eventually come back together."
Another source also hinted that the couple being locked down together through the pandemic could be a contributing factor as they told the publication: "They had plenty in common and fell in love in a safe bubble while she was retreating from the world during Reputation. Then the pandemic hit, and they were locked down together and able to continue growing their relationship in this insulated way, but he didn't really 'know' her yet outside of that bubble."
Another source told ET that the couple were too different to work but they found it hard to break up due to the time they spent together. A source said: "It was more of Taylor's decision to break up, but both of them realised that they weren't completely right for one another. They had been together for such a long time and were spending so much time together, but their personalities were just too different. Joe is more introverted, shy, and quiet."
Fans have also been left wondering if new song "You're Losing Me" is another track throwing shade at her ex, which she performed live for the first time during her show in Australia this week. While sitting at the piano, she told the audience: "I've never played this song live before. It's one of my favourites." The tune, which dropped in May 2023, is about a person realising their relationship is unhealthy and trying to save it. In the song, Swift says she is like a "phoenix always rising from the ashes, mending all her gashes", with fans believing the singer could be talking about her past relationship with the British actor.
Taylor is expected to release her forthcoming album "The Tortured Poets Department" soon, with fans expecting to find further clues to why she ended the relationship with Alwyn.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.