The Kids’ Fashion Show kept the Bryce Jordan Center crowd going on Sunday morning, highlighting nearly 40 children, all sporting various fun and stylish outfits. Each child was given around 30 seconds to show off their apparel and share their stories. 
Starting the “Unlocking the Character Within”-themed fashion show off strong were fashionistas Jackson and Riley. Jackson is a kindergartener, who is fond of superheroes and dinosaurs, and he strutted the stage dressed as a medieval knight along with Riley dressed as Alice from “Alice in Wonderland.”
Next up, animal-lover Denni took the stage with a posse dressed as various fairytale characters such as Pinocchio and a gnome. The group performed the Macarena before holding up the iconic Four Diamond in the sky. 
Wasting no time, sport fanatics Sean and Adam stormed out onto the diamond-shaped platform sporting hockey jerseys and gear. The brothers showed off their hockey skills by passing a puck back and forth and impressing the crowd.
Eagerly skipping out onto the stage with big, bright smiles on their faces, sisters Brielle and Willow Maurer dressed as fairy princesses. Naturally, the pair skipped off the stage holding hands, leaving the crowd in awe. 
Sisters Addison and Evelyn graced the stage dressed as princesses, smiles and all. Before exiting, Evelyn, who just so happened to turn seven-years-old that day, showed off her true royalty by giving the crowd a curtsy. 
Aspiring artists Carly and Ellie then stepped onto the stage with gnome-inspired hats. The pair are avid Disney lovers and love to sing and dance. 
For the first time in the show’s duration, a trio of siblings, Gus, Juliet, and Georgia, strut onto the platform in “Wizard of Oz”-inspired apparel, with Gus, the youngest of the three, dressed as the Cowardly Lion, and the sisters dressed as Dorothy and Glinda the Good Witch. 
Then, high school freshman Julia walked through the castle-styled arch in fairy wings, holding a sign that read “Taylor Swift for THON 2025. FTK,” leading to the crowd cheering and rapidly clapping.
Sisters Shiloh and Harper stepped out onto the platform and performed a little magic trick for the crowd with the help of three dancers. The oldest sister, dressed as a fairy godmother, transformed her little sister into a pig, giving the crowd a good laugh. 
Quickly after, aspiring Penn State nursing student Lily strut through the tunnel in a dazzling princess gown before showing off her cheerleading skills by doing a split for the crowd. 
The Bonn trio, Owen, Ellie, and Aiden, were then highlighted on the screen, despite not being at the fashion show in person. 
Mina, Melaina, Nessa, and Charlize ran out onto the platform energetically dressed as “Peter Pan” characters with a crew of dancers decked out in onesies. The youngest of the group, Nessa, gave the crowd loads of energy and even showed off her dance moves, leaving the crowd smiling head to toe. 
Emily, who one day wants to play field hockey and study nursing at Penn State, then paraded across the stage wearing fairy wings and a tiara. 
Next up, college student Savannah took the stage dressed in a medieval fairy fit. Savannah has made the dean’s list at her school every semester, so far. 
Celia and Adeline, native to the same town Taylor Swift grew up in, then joined the stage in flower crowns. The emcees noted that Adeline can speak in any accent and Celia once received a personal letter from American songwriter and actor Lin-Manuel Miranda. 
Siblings Kendall, Whitney, and Madelyn danced onto to the stage decked out in purple, showing off their dance moves. The trio are avid TikTok and Youtube lovers.
Mario then took the stage with a huge smile across his face, wearing a shimmering, blue blazer. Mario enjoys dressing up like a sharp-dressed man, performing with his theatre group, and wearing crazy hats.
Duo Devin and Trevor then step onto the platform with big smiles stretched from ear to ear. Devin got all dolled up in fairy wings complete with a magic wand in hand, while Trevor immedietly starts to break dance, hyping up the crowd.
Next, Peyton galloped across the stage, riding on little toy pony in a tutu. Giggling and smiling as she entered through the arch, Peyton blowed a kiss to the crowd before saying goodbye to them.
Dancer and swimmer Macy took the stage rocking sunglasses and showed off a few dance moves before blowing bubbles to the audience as she strutted off.
Lastly, gymnast Elliana joined the show virtually, sporting a tutu, fairy wings, and a unicorn headband. Before signing off, she rocked a split, ending this year’s Kids’ Fashion Show with a bang. 
Please choose an option below.
Evan Halfen is a senior broadcast journalism major from Newark, DE, and is Onward State's community manager and an associate editor. Evan loves all things Penn State, tomfoolery, tailgating, being loud, just about any beach, the Birds, and his puppy, Wentzy. You can direct all your tips, roasts, and jokes to his email: [email protected] or Instagram: @evan.halfen.
Bendapudi was previously scheduled to share her decision by the end of the spring semester. However, the final decision will seemingly come after a May 9 Board of Trustees meeting.
“I see the projections, but I don’t really care about that.”
“There’s nothing wrong with someone having an opposing viewpoint on an issue, and that should be taken into consideration.”
Δ
“We’re at a point in higher ed where we can’t just talk about inclusion—we have to act on it. That means thinking critically about affordability, representation, and the student experience.”
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State