We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
And he brought along other special guests.
David Tennant is hosting the EE BAFTA Film Awards for the first time, and he's brought a special friend along for the occasion: Michael Sheen. 
The BAFTAs opened with a Staged sketch that featured surprise appearances from Georgia Tennant, Stanley Tucci, Himesh Patel, Tom Hiddleston and Dame Judi Dench as Tennant attempted to find a dogsitter for Sheen's dog "Bark Ruffalo".
Tennant then brought the dog out into the audience before handing it off to Sheen after spotting him in the crowd. 
"Never work with animals or Michael Sheen," Tennant joked.
His opening monologue included gags about Saltburn, AI, Oppenheimer, Barbie and epic movie lengths.
As in previous years, the BAFTA Film Awards are pre-recorded so if you want to know who won all the big awards, you can check out the full list of BAFTA winners here. 
Ahead of the ceremony, Tennant said that the fact he wasn't a comedian gave him "slight cover" when hosting the awards.
"I'm not really expected to be good at any of that stuff. I'm just there to hold it all together," he explained. "And don't diss Tay Tay, I think is the lesson to be learned. I live in a house of Taylor Swift fans, so I know better."
Last year, Tennant revealed that there won't be any more episodes of Staged which has run for three series. 
"We've had a wonderful time filming the series but have no plans to do more," he explained. "It was a show borne out of a particular period of time – lockdown – when we were all in our houses communicating via Zoom, as our characters did in the show. 
"We couldn't get out. Now, as the characters demonstrate in some of the scenes in the [last] series, we can."
At least we now have this BAFTA sketch to enjoy.
The BAFTA Film Awards air on BBC One tonight (February 18) at 7pm.
Movies Editor, Digital Spy  Ian has more than 10 years of movies journalism experience as a writer and editor.  Starting out as an intern at trade bible Screen International, he was promoted to report and analyse UK box-office results, as well as carving his own niche with horror movies, attending genre festivals around the world.   After moving to Digital Spy, initially as a TV writer, he was nominated for New Digital Talent of the Year at the PPA Digital Awards. He became Movies Editor in 2019, in which role he has interviewed 100s of stars, including Chris Hemsworth, Florence Pugh, Keanu Reeves, Idris Elba and Olivia Colman, become a human encyclopedia for Marvel and appeared as an expert guest on BBC News and on-stage at MCM Comic-Con. Where he can, he continues to push his horror agenda – whether his editor likes it or not.
 
BAFTA TV Awards confirms 2025 nominations
Alan Cumming confirmed as 2025 BAFTA TV host
A surprising game leads BAFTA Games nominations
BAFTA Film Awards 2025: The full winners list
David Tennant fans praise his BAFTAs opening
James Norton addresses James Bond rumours
All the fashion from the BAFTAs 2025
Call the Midwife gets schedule shake-up
Denzel Washington continues unwanted BAFTAs streak
BAFTA Film Awards 2025 nominations
Warwick Davis lands huge BAFTA honour
David Jonsson competing for public-voted BAFTA
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.