Watch CBS News

January 7, 2024 / 12:00 AM EST
          / Essentials
        

            We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
          
The Kansas City Chiefs head west to face the Los Angeles Chargers today for the final game of Week 18. Keep reading for all the ways you can watch the Chiefs vs. Chargers game today.
Note: CBS Essentials and Paramount+ are both subsidiaries of Paramount.
The Kansas City Chiefs vs. Los Angeles Chargers game will be played Sunday, January 7, 2024 at 4:25 p.m. ET (1:25 p.m. PT). The game will air on CBS and stream live on Paramount+. 
Once the game ends, stick around for the 81st Golden Globe Awards ceremony, which will also air on CBS and stream on Paramount+. Taylor Swift fans may not see Tay in the stands at SoFi for today's game, but she is scheduled to appear at the Globes.
While most cable packages include CBS, it's easy to watch the game if CBS isn't included in your cable subscription, or if you don't have cable at all. Your best options for watching are below. 
If you don't have a cable TV package that includes CBS, one of the easiest ways to catch all live NFL games broadcast on CBS is through a subscription to Paramount+. The streamer offers access to all NFL games locally and nationally televised on CBS on all its subscription tiers. In addition, you can watch top-tier soccer like the Champions League live and SEC college football games as well, plus popular shows such as "Survivor" and "NCIS." Paramount+ is also the exclusive streaming home to Super Bowl LVIII in 2024.
A subscription to Paramount + is $5.99 per month. Bundle Paramount+ and Showtime for just $11.99 per month.
The Walmart+ shopping subscription service includes access to the Paramount+ Essentials tier (with live NFL games such as this one), a $60 per year value. Walmart+ subscribers also get discounts on gasoline at Mobil and Exxon stations, access to special members-only deals (including Walmart's holiday deals), same-day home delivery from your local store and more. 
Walmart+ costs $98 per year. Tap the button below to learn all the benefits of Walmart+, and to start your 30-day free trial.
Why we like Walmart+:
You can also catch the game on FuboTV. FuboTV is a sports-centric streaming service that offers access to almost every NFL game of the season. Packages include CBS, Fox Sunday NFC games via "NFL on Fox", NBC (Sunday Night Football), ESPN (Monday Night Football), NFL Network and more, so you'll be able to watch more than just today's games, all without a cable subscription.
To watch the NFL without cable, start a seven-day free trial of Fubo. You can begin watching immediately on your TV, phone, tablet or computer. In addition to NFL football, FuboTV offers MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS and international soccer games. 
Top features of FuboTV Pro Tier: 
You can watch the NFL, including the NFL Network, with Hulu + Live TV. The bundle features access to 90 channels, including both Fox and FS1. Unlimited DVR storage is also included. Watch every game on every network with Hulu + Live TV, plus catch live NFL preseason games, exclusive live regular season games, popular studio shows (including NFL Total Access and the Emmy-nominated show Good Morning Football) and lots more.  
Hulu + Live TV comes bundled with ESPN+ and Disney+ for $77 per month.  
If you're cutting the cord to your cable company, you're not alone; in fact, you are in luck. You can still watch the NFL on TV with an affordable indoor antenna, which pulls in local over-the-air HDYC channels such as CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox, PBS, Univision and more. Here's the kicker: There's no monthly charge. 
Anyone living in partially blocked-off area (those near mountains or first-floor apartments), a digital TV antenna may not pick up a good signal -- or any signal at all. But for many homes, a digital TV antenna provides a seriously inexpensive way to watch college football without paying a cable company. Indoor TV antennas can also provide some much-needed TV backup if a storm knocks out your cable (or your cable company gets in a squabble with a network). 
This amplified digital antenna can receive hundreds of HD TV channels, including ABC, CBS, NBC, PBS, FOX, Univision and can filter out cellular and FM signals. It received signals 360 degrees and delivers a high-quality picture in 4K, UHD and 1080 HDTV, top-tier sound and features a 16-foot digital coax cable. This Amazon best selling antenna is usually sells for about $23, though we've seen it priced as low as $15.
If you want to catch this game on your phone -- and all the amazing football ahead this season -- check out NFL+. The premium streaming service, starting at $40 per year (or $7 per month), offers access to NFL Network. And yes, that includes games being broadcast out-of-market. To boost your NFL experience even further, you can upgrade to NFL+ Premium with NFL RedZone and watch up to eight NFL games simultaneously. A seven-day, free trial is available. 
Top features of NFL+: 
If you're waiting for today's game to begin, now is a great time to check out Amazon's new NFL Fan Shop. The Amazon NFL Fan Shop is filled to the brim with officially licensed fan gear: You'll find jerseys, team flags, T-shirts, hoodies and more, including tons of great gear for the NFL fan in your life. There are plenty of great deals awaiting you at Amazon, too, including some must-see deals on TVs for watching sports.
Tap the button below to head directly to the NFL Fan Shop page on Amazon and select your favorite team.
The 2023 NFL Season Week 18 schedule is below. The game you see broadcast locally will depend on your geographical area. All times Eastern.
Saturday January 6, 2024
Sunday January 7, 2024
Important dates to remember: 
Taylor Swift's NFL era: As the end of the 2023 NFL regular season nears, it's clear the biggest story of the 2023 NFL season was Taylor Swift (Travis Kelce, too). Swift's appearances at NFL stadiums including Lambeau, Gillette and Arrowhead sent Swifties of all ages into a frenzy that nearly overwhelmed the league itself. Football purists found the intrusion and Swift-related attention unnerving, but the pop sensation brought millions of new fans to the game. Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce seem to be going strong, which means fans can expect to see Taylor herself in the stands of Kansas City Chiefs games as her schedule allows. Football fans may find it slightly annoying. But if the attention (and new audience) Taylor brought to professional NFL football just by showing up wasn't proof enough, it's Taylor's world and we're all just living in it -- one era at a time.
Is this the Cowboys year?  Being a Dallas Cowboys fan requires a Texas-sized emotional commitment. Last season, fans gutted through quarterback Dak Prescott's winning record (not in a good way) of most interceptions thrown in the 2022-2023 season. Dak whittled his interceptions down this season and the Cowboys managed the unthinkable -- they toppled the mighty Philadelphia Eagles from their perch atop the NFC East in Week 14. But the Cowboys' 31-10 upset loss to the Buffalo Bills in Week 15 is the kind of play that makes Cowboys fans weary. The Cowboys could go all the way to the Super Bowl this season, but it won't be without taking Cowboys fans on an emotional rollercoaster best left at an amusement park.
Good morning, Baltimore. Many hours of NFL sports broadcasts over recent years has been dedicated to arguing the talents (or lack thereof) of Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson. Lamar has always been a dynamic scrambler out of the pocket and this season is no different. Lamar is poised to have the best season of his career with MVP chants following him (again) at every turn. The Ravens might not get the hype of the Chiefs or Eagles, but they're establishing themselves a Super Bowl contender and Lamar is already making a case to turn those MVP chants into reality. If you don't mind being called a "bandwagon" by the teenager in your life, there's never been a better time to jump on the Ravens bandwagon. We won't tell and neither should you.

          Here's how to watch the Cardinals take on the Seahawks today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the 49ers face off with the Packers today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Cowboys take on the Commanders today.
        

          Want to watch the Philadelphia Eagles vs. Los Angeles Rams NFL game today? Here's how.
        

          Here's everything you need to know about watching the Kansas City Chiefs-Carolina Panthers game today.
        

          Want to know how to watch the Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. New York Giants NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Want to know how to watch the New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Lions face off with the Colts today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Vikings face off with the Bears today.
        

          Laid-off employees ranged from those working in firefighter health programs, to those approving new respirators.
        

          When Michelle Tuplin decided to relocate her bookstore to larger space, she had no idea how she would transport about 9,000 books, until she found her own literary heroes.
        

          Prince Harry told BBC News that his father, King Charles, "won't speak" to him, but Harry said he still wants "reconciliation" with the royal family.
        

          U.S. District Judge Beryl Howell found the executive order targeting Perkins Coie violates First, Fifth and Sixth amendments.
        

          The American Geophysical Union and American Meteorological Society plan to publish a special collection of work on climate change impacts in the U.S.
        

          The owner of the Three Brothers Diner says customers are cutting back on spending amid economic worries.
        

          Altman's World venture wants to convince people to scan their eyeballs to prove they're human amidst a proliferation of AIs and bots.
        

          President Trump's budget proposal for fiscal year 2026 would cut spending at the majority of departments and agencies.
        

          Solid payroll gains last month are easing investor concerns about the U.S. tumbling into a recession in the near term, according to market watchers.
        

          Cheaper goods from China are no longer exempt from import duties, which could sharply raise prices for consumers.
        

          The Department of Justice has filed a lawsuit against the state of Colorado, the city of Denver and a list of local leaders.
        

          Australia's vote comes just a week after Canada's elections, where President Trump's influence was also felt.
        

          As the Trump family's crypto ventures increase their wealth, the president's administration pauses a dozen federal crypto probes.
        

          U.S. District Judge Beryl Howell found the executive order targeting Perkins Coie violates First, Fifth and Sixth amendments.
        

          The American Geophysical Union and American Meteorological Society plan to publish a special collection of work on climate change impacts in the U.S.
        

          Warren Donaldson, 64, says Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's awareness campaign encouraged him to get his symptoms checked out.
        

          Laid-off employees ranged from those working in firefighter health programs, to those approving new respirators.
        

          There were at least 111 cases of measles reported in the last week of March, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
        

          Sneezing this spring? Here's why seasonal allergies are so bad this year and what you can do to feel better, according to experts.
        

          Since flu season is still ongoing, data is preliminary and may change, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Experts say it will likely increase.
        

          Everyone on board – three women, a child and the 29-year-old pilot – were rescued from their perch atop the capsized plane in "excellent condition," officials said.
        

          The Holy See released a video Saturday of the preparations for the May 7 conclave after Pope Francis died on April 21.
        

          The Greek police's division for organized crime was investigating the incident, while authorities were also investigating whether the woman might have had ties to extreme leftist groups.
        

          The attack on Saturday in South Sudan caused significant damage to the hospital's pharmacy, destroying all medical supplies.
        

          Prime Minister Anthony Albanese became the first Australian leader to win a second consecutive three-year term in 21 years.
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Year After Year."
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Ancient Light."
        

          Forget the vinyl revolution: For old-school music fans, cassettes are making a comeback. Superstars are offering some of their latest songs on the fragile, finicky devices, and there's a surprising surge in cassette sales. Here's why some fans are looking to the past to see the future of music.
        

          Chef Mario Pagan is nothing short of a culinary ambassador for Puerto Rico. The island where he was born and raised is now home to four of his fine dining restaurants, all of which feature food that tells a story with bold Caribbean flavors. His most recent establishment transformed a former theater in an up-and-coming San Juan neighborhood into a dramatic new eatery.
        

          Artist Joshua Vides is known for his all-star collaborations and his ability to transform everyday objects into two-dimensional illustrations. He opened up to Dana Jacobson about his creative journey and developing his unique style.
        

          Rockstar Games apologizes after announcing that Grand Theft Auto 6, its eagerly awaited video game, won't be released until next year.
        

          Bree Smith, a Nashville mom, says the deepfakes quickly multiplied, accompanying offers for private dinners and intimate acts in exchange for hundreds of dollars.
        

          From labor shortages to environmental impacts, farmers are looking to AI to help revolutionize the agriculture industry. One California startup, Farm-ng, is tapping into the power of AI and robotics to perform a wide range of tasks, including seeding, weeding and harvesting.
        

          Mastercard is working with companies to use artificial intelligence to help shoppers shop and make payments. William Antonelli, a contributor at Business Insider, joins CBS News with more.
        

          Epic Games, the maker of "Fortnite," filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Apple had built an illegal monopoly around its popular App Store.
        

          In the summer of 2010, panic spread across the region when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded​ in the Gulf.
        

          The mummy was found in Aspero, a sacred site within the city of Caral that was a garbage dump for over 30 years until becoming an archaeological site in the 1990s.
        

          A notably large brood of periodical cicadas will emerge from the underground across parts of the eastern U.S. this spring.
        

          There are other meat-eating caterpillars that "do lots of crazy things, but this takes the cake," the study's author said.
        

          Shortening permitting procedures for mining and oil drilling could adversely affect the environment, communities and endangered species, experts say.
        

          Kendy Howard was found dead in her bathtub. While dispatched as a suicide, clues at the scene made Kootenai County authorities suspicious.
        

          Maria del Carmen Morales and her son were shot dead last week. They had been searching for another son who went missing last year.
        

          Jennifer McCabe, a key witness in Karen Read's second trial for the death of Boston police officer John O'Keefe, is back on the stand to tell her story of what occurred on the night O'Keefe died. CBS News legal analyst Rikki Klieman has more.
        

          Hip-hop mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs rejected a plea deal offer on Thursday. The 55-year-old recording artist is facing federal charges that include sex trafficking and racketeering. He has pleaded not guilty. Jury selection is set to begin on Monday for his trial.
        

          Three youths aged 15 to 20 were killed in broad daylight at a hair salon in central Uppsala, about 45 miles north of Stockholm.
        

          An astronaut who missed out on the first all-female spacewalk is getting her chance six years later.
        

          The European Space Agency's Biomass satellite is currently in orbit over the Amazon rainforest.
        

          The Hubble Space Telescope "opened a new window to the universe" when it launched into space. Now, 35 years later, NASA is releasing some stunning images to celebrate.
        

          This asteroid is bigger than scientists anticipated, about 5 miles long and 2 miles wide at its widest point — resembling a deformed peanut.
        

          During the peak of the Lyrid meteor shower, 10 to 20 meteors could be seen per hour, NASA says.
        

          Protests against the Trump administration took place across the U.S. Saturday. The demonstrations were held to mark the 250th anniversary of the start of the Revolutionary War.
        

          A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity.
        

          Hundreds of thousands took to the streets, in Washington, D.C. and other cities across the United States, in opposition to the policies of Donald Trump, in the largest protests since he returned to the presidency.
        

          A look into a grieving husband Jan Cilliers' investigative work after his wife Christy Giles and her friend Hilda Marcela Cabrales died after a night out.
        

          Peterson's death sentence for the murder of his pregnant wife Laci has been overturned. Now his supporters are pushing for a complete retrial.
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Year After Year."
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Ancient Light."
        

          May 8 marks 80 years since people across Europe celebrated the Allied victory over Nazi Germany. While the fighting in the Pacific would continue for months, many saw it as the end of six long years of war. A new book tells the story of remarkable American women who helped that victory happen.
        

          Artist Ya La'Ford's work spans mediums. Her prints, sculptures and installations have been featured in the Venice Biennale and in private collections like the Gates Foundation. Michelle Miller met with her to see how it all takes shape.
        

          On this edition of CBS Mornings Deals, we show you items that might just become essentials in your everyday life. Visit cbsdeals.com to take advantage of these exclusive deals today. CBS earns commissions on purchases made through cbsdeals.com.
        
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.