Amid a streaming boom for sports documentaries, “The Dynasty: New England Patriots” gives the NFL its own soapy version of “The Last Dance,” providing a warts-and-all drama about the personalities and controversies behind the team’s storied run. Almost as a counterweight, “Giannis: The Marvelous Journey” tells the uplifting immigrant story of Giannis Antetokounmpo, who rose from poverty to become an NBA superstar.
While the Patriots are obviously a ripe target because of those six Super Bowl wins over two decades with coach Bill Belichick and star quarterback Tom Brady, Apple TV+’s 10-part docuseries doesn’t shy away from the darker side of the franchise’s success. That included the scandals surrounding “Spygate,” in which the Patriots admitted videotaping signals from opponents; “Deflategate,” for which Brady served a suspension for deflating footballs; and Aaron Hernandez, the brilliant tight end convicted of murder before committing suicide in prison in 2017.
Referencing the behavior that was tolerated around Hernandez, Brandon Lloyd, a former Patriots receiver, sums up the team’s attitude toward star players, as that it “doesn’t matter how you win as long as you win.”
Almost everyone associated with the Patriots, including Brady, Belichick and owner Robert Kraft, gets interviewed in “The Dynasty,” although there are some questions the principals uncomfortably balk at answering. In that sense, director Matthew Hamachek rather delicately straddles the line between appreciating the Patriots’ dominance and pulling back the curtain on its more ominous side, a quality that also defined “The Last Dance,” the expansive 2020 docuseries on the Chicago Bulls’ Michael Jordan-led championship reign.
Both series, in fact, reveal similar mentalities regarding how the drive to win in professional sports – like other high-stakes endeavors, though perhaps even more so – can easily become a breeding ground for resentment and feuds involving those who feel underappreciated for their roles in achieving it.
In the Patriots’ case, that included Brady and Belichick butting heads, with receiver Danny Amendola noting that while the players worked for Belichick, they “played for Tom.”
By 2019, Kraft acknowledges, the relationship between Brady and Belichick had become “totally dysfunctional.” Their sideline friction existed despite continued on-field triumphs, with a sixth and final Super Bowl win that year.
“Based on how things had gone, I wasn’t going to sign up for more of it,” Brady says of his decision to leave, becoming teary-eyed in the final episode.
The soap-opera-like complexities of “The Dynasty” stand in contrast to the simpler but almost equally satisfying genre of up-close-and-personal sports documentaries that have flourished in the streaming era, with “Giannis,” premiering on Amazon’s Prime Video, representing a notable example.
Coming on the heels of streaming documentaries devoted to Stephen Curry (Apple), Jason Kelce (Amazon) and Lionel Messi (Apple), “Giannis” chronicles how Antetokounmpo flourished as a basketball player after his Nigerian parents eked out a living selling trinkets on the streets of Greece, sometimes going hungry so their sons could eat every night.
The Antetokounmpos are such a made-for-Hollywood rags-to-riches story that Disney has already produced a streaming movie about it, “Rise,” although the details are better served by hearing it directly from the family.
These documentaries also humanize players as they plan for life after their sports, from being reminded of Curry overcoming skepticism at every level to seeing Jason Kelce wrestle with the love of football and the toll playing the game exacts on one’s body.
As the Kansas City Chiefs build the NFL’s latest championship dynasty, the Patriots docuseries almost plays like a cautionary tale for a club that has already garnered an overwhelming amount of media attention, both via conventional avenues (see the Netflix series “Quarterback,” featuring Patrick Mahomes) and because of Travis Kelce’s relationship with Taylor Swift.
Absorbing the lessons of “The Last Dance” and now “The Dynasty,” building a sports dynasty generates not just blood, toil and sweat, but plenty of hurt feelings. It’s a reminder that the sporting world’s celebrated and lavishly compensated larger-than-life figures still have regular-sized emotions, and sometimes, even smaller ones than that.
“The Dynasty: New England Patriots” is playing on Apple TV+. (Disclosure: Lowry’s wife works for a division of Apple.)
“Giannis: The Marvelous Journey” premieres February 19 on Amazon’s Prime Video.
For more CNN news and newsletters create an account at CNN.com
King Charles and Queen Camilla released a statement shortly before Prince Harry surprised many royal watchers as he revealed his hopes to reconcile with his family
Several supply chain experts weighed in on what items to expect fewer of and will likely cost more.
President Trump shared an AI-generated image depicting himself as the leader of the Catholic Church, coming as the Vatican’s conclave to select the next pope is set to commence next week. On Friday evening, the U.S. president posted the image on his official account on Truth Social, the social-media platform run by Trump Media & …
"He gets mad when people won't go along with his lies."
Meet the surprise celebrity couple worth billions more than David and Victoria Beckham and George and Amal Clooney.
Brace yourself, Mr. President. 60 Minutes plans to enrage Donald Trump Sunday with an episode bashing his intimidation efforts—despite being in a legal battle with the president themselves. “On the campaign trail, President Trump vowed to wield the power of the presidency to go after his perceived enemies,” the segment’s description reads. “Now in the White House, Trump is using executive orders to target some of the biggest law firms in the country that he accuses of ‘weaponizing’ the justice s
President Donald Trump is being ripped to shreds after he bragged—by all accounts, erroneously—that gas prices had cratered to less than $2 per gallon. “Gasoline just broke $1.98 a Gallon, lowest in years,” Trump wrote on Truth Social this morning, touting the unsourced claim as evidence that the economy was flourishing under his tariffs. Fact-checkers at CNN, PolitiFact, and CBS News were quick to undercut the president, observing that the lowest average gas price of any state was $2.66, in Mis
Vice President’s Yale Law School friend Jamil Javani, now a Conservative MP in Canada, says it is not a ‘constructive’ moment for a trip to Ontario, given tensions between their two nations
"I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made a f****** mess."
"It was emotional because the last time I saw that dress was on Anna," Dannielynn's father Larry Birkhead tells PEOPLE of the dress his daughter wore to the 2025 Barnstable Brown Gala
Sometimes these jokes write themselves.
The incident happened near downtown Columbus, Ohio, on April 30
Audrey Backeberg was 20 years old and married with children when she disappeared in 1962
Phil McGraw’s description of the president was... something.
After a routine morning walk with his infant daughter, a father of four was mistakenly reported as 'homeless' by a neighbor
"They say 'separation between church and state,' they told me. I said, alright, let's forget about that for one time."
During a recent Hot Topics segment on “The View,” the comedian took a swipe at the latest royal kerfuffle involving Markle.
OTTAWA — Despite U.S. President Donald Trump's repeated claim that Canada has been ripping off the United States, new polling suggests the percentage of Americans identifying Canada as their country's most important ally has doubled.
Here's why President Trump is pushing to rename Veterans Day, a federal holiday recognized each year on Nov. 11.
The actress and activist appeared to ditch her signature long locks for a bob