He has dated a host of famous women but could Harry Styles' latest girlfriend be "The One"?
The popstar has been dating actress Taylor Russell since last summer, with the couple enjoying cute dates together in his home city of London.
Taylor, 29, will present an award at the BAFTAs tonight. It isn't known how the talented actress, whose breakout role was in Netflix's Lost In Space, met singer Harry, 30, but the couple run in similar showbiz circles. The pair were first pictured together by an eagle eyed fan at London's White Cube art gallery last June.
Taylor, who starred in Bones And All with Timothée Chalamet, was later spotted watching Harry's concerts in Vienna and Reggio Emilia, Italy from the side of the stage. And the fledgling couple even found time to enjoy some downtime together during his Love On Tour, sunning themselves by the roof top pool at Soho House Barcelona.
The couple have lots in common including a love of fashion, with Harry an ambassador for Gucci and Taylor for luxury label Loewe. By early August last year the As It Was singer was spotted at the debut of Taylor's play The Effect at London's Lyttelton Theatre. Harry was seen introducing Taylor to his pal, presenter James Corden, after the performance.
Taylor splits her time between London and New York, explaining in publicity for her play that she felt an affinity for our capital. "I always had these dreams of London, of living here," she said. "I have a lot of extended family here. My dad is British, his parents were in the Windrush generation - they came from Jamaica to England."
By November, Harry was said to be staying at a £2,500 a night hotel while his North London mansion was being renovated, with Taylor reportedly joining him. On Boxing Day, the couple took a chilly dip together at Hampstead Heath Ponds, indicating they were spending the festive period together.
Last month, Harry and Taylor holidayed off the coast of Caribbean island Anguilla with pal Corden, staying on a luxury yacht. Back in London, in a display of everyday domesticity, Canadian Taylor and her Watermelon Sugar beau were spotted shopping for dog food.
Harry's relationship has lasted longer than his previous relationship with a woman called Taylor - he famously dated fellow popstar Taylor Swift back in 2012. And his new relationship is certainly going strong, with the couple spotted this week enjoying a nighttime bike ride together in London. Now in his 30s, could it be time for the megastar to settle down?
"Harry is head over heels for Taylor and loves spending as much time with her as he can," a source told US Weekly. "Things are very serious, and Harry definitely sees a future with Taylor."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.