David Tennant roped in a host of celebrity friends for his opening monologue at the BAFTAs.

	The 2024 show started with Tennant re-enacting his hit pandemic show “Staged” alongside Michael Sheen, the premise being that Sheen wanted Tennant to dog-sit his pup Bark Ruffalo on the same night as the BAFTAs. Tennant then tried to pass the dog to friends including Stanley Tucci, Himesh Patel, Tom Hiddleston and Judi Dench. With no one to palm him off on, Tennant turned up in person at the Royal Festival Hall in London with Bark Ruffalo in tow.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					Netflix Launches FYSEE: LA Festival Featuring Emmy Contenders 'Adolescence,' 'Black Mirror' and 'The Four Seasons'		
			








	Taking to the stage Tennant joked his monologue was over three and a half hours long and that the evening was sure to go “smoother than Ken’s chest,” referring to the plastic doll played by Ryan Gosling in hit movie “Barbie.”




			Popular on Variety		






	He also noted that the audience — wearing black tie and evening dresses — reminded him of the beginning of “Saltburn,” Emerald Fennell’s feature about upper-class Oxford students. But Tennant added he hoped the end of the night wouldn’t be reminiscent of the movie’s final scene, which sees BAFTA lead actor nominee Barry Keoghan stripping off.

	This year’s awards mark the first time Tennant has hosted the BAFTAs, with the “Doctor Who” star following last year’s host Richard E. Grant. 

Speaking to Variety before the awards, Tennant said he’d taken notes from the recent Golden Globes ceremony, where host Jo Koy’s jokes — including one aimed at Taylor Swift — didn’t land well. 

	“Don’t diss Tay Tay, I think is the lesson to be learned,” he said. “I live in a house of Taylor Swift fans, so I know better.”

	The BAFTA Awards take place at Royal Festival Hall in London. “Oppenheimer” leads the nominations with 13, followed by “Poor Things” with 11. Both are up for best film, while “Oppenheimer” also received nods for adapted screenplay, director for Christopher Nolan, supporting actress for Emily Blunt, supporting actor for Robert Downey Jr. and lead actor for Cillian Murphy. “Poor Things” is also competing for adapted screenplay, in addition to leading actress for Emma Stone and outstanding British film.
The Business of Entertainment