Accompanying breakfast Playa Bowls, family cover band OK Otter returned to THON Sunday morning to perform a host of upbeat songs. 
Starting with The Killer’s alternative hit, “All These Things That I’ve Done,” the THON crowd was introduced to OK Otter’s warm folk sound with the addition John McGroary on accordion. Students in the stands swayed along with extra attention to the iconic bridge “I got soul, but I’m not a soldier.”
OK Otter quickly moved on to “Chicken Fried” by Zac Brown Band. An easy singalong, the crowd belted the tune and clapped to the country classic. They then played Van Morrison’s “Domino” sung by the band’s own Uncle Pat.
OK Otter performed another country hit in the form of a more upbeat rendition of “Wagon Wheel” by Darius Rucker, tugging at heartstrings and bringing the crowd together to sing along.
The band then asked the crowd if anyone knew how to Irish dance, quickly playing “Baba O’Riley” by The Who. Some attempts at a jig were seen on the floor as OK Otter played on.
An alumni of Penn State’s College of IST, guitarist Caitlin Weiss took the lead on Katrina and the Waves’ “Walking on Sunshine.” The crowd immediately matched OK Otter’s energy and danced to the pop tune. The stage lights also shined with a warm orange glow, bringing some much-needed, albeit imitation, sunlight.
After a quick beatboxing performance to Ben Harper’s “Steal My Kisses” by Weiss, OK Otter transitioned into “I Want You Back” by The Jackson 5, inviting more dancing and energy into the Bryce Jordan Center.
The tempo slowed into crowd favorite “Take Me Home Country Roads” by John Denver. As the crowd sang along, some dancers on the floor connected with business fraternity Phi Gamma Nu’s section as it led the group in swaying arms to the beat.
Adding to the sing-along theme, the next song in the queue was “Love Story” by Taylor Swift, calling for more cheers, singing from the crowd, and a Rules and Regulations committee dance circle on the floor.
To end on an energetic note, the band’s second to last song was “I’m Gonna Be (500 Miles)” by The Proclaimers. As letters were raised up and down to the song’s iconic chorus, members of Alpha Phi and Alpha Epsilon Pi were seen marching through their section with Fat Head signs of their dancers, walking 500 miles along to the song.
The show-stopping finale jolted the crowd awake with the iconic Irish riffs to “I’m Shipping Up To Boston” by the Dropkick Murphys. The dancers on the floor redeemed themselves in Irish dancing was they exploded into jig dance circles and do-si-do’s, and the crowd cheered along to the music.
OK Otter’s performance injected the crowd with optimism and dance, a musical equivalent to a warm cup of coffee, powering the Bryce Jordan Center for another leg of THON.
Please choose an option below.
Marie is a fourth-year student majoring in journalism and minoring in sociology. She loves being fiscally irresponsible at local farmers markets, watching niche documentaries on HBO, and going to Penn State hockey games as "self-care." You can reach her on Instagram - @_mariemoyer_ or send her suggestions (and cat photos) via her email - [email protected].
“Coming to Penn State was a leap of faith, and I’m happy to say that I stuck the landing.”
HUB Lawn lit up on Friday afternoon with plenty of colors from the annual celebration.
“My Penn State experience helped transform me, and I just want to do what I can to help students. And when I say that, that’s the umbrella, and then everything else falls underneath it.”
Δ
“A new perspective on growing up, the idea of noodling helped eased my fears of having to find my purpose at the ripe old age of 18.”
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State