ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
DUBLIN, IRELAND - JUNE 16:  Taylor Swift performs on stage during her reputation Stadium Tour at ... More Croke Park on June 16, 2018 in Dublin, Ireland.  (Photo by Gareth Cattermole/TAS18/Getty Images for TAS)
Taylor Swift had a fantastic evening at the 2024 Grammy Awards a little more than a week ago. The superstar came away with two more trophies–Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year–both for her latest collection of original material, Midnights. In the days following the ceremony, that title surged on the Billboard charts as the world returned to it to listen and buy it once more.
Midnights returns to the top five on the Billboard 200 this week, lifting from No. 9 to No. 5. According to Luminate, the album moved another 51,000 equivalent units in the past tracking frame. That’s up more than 35% from the week prior.
Swift’s title experiences an even larger gain when looking at pure purchases. Midnights lifts to the runner-up rung on Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart, which focuses only on sales, while the Billboard 200 includes streaming activity as well. In the past tracking period, the full-length sold another 10,841 copies, which is a growth of more than 90% from the week before it won the Grammy.
Midnights is also selling well specifically on vinyl. On Billboard’s Vinyl Albums chart, Swift’s latest project of original music steps up to No. 5. That’s only an increase of one space, but after more than a year of selling copies on the format, any gain is notable.
In addition to selling tens of thousands of copies, Midnights is also still incredibly popular on streaming platforms. Swift’s title rises to No. 7 on the Top Streaming Albums chart. That’s up from No. 10, and it comes very close to its No. 6 peak.
Swift made history at the Grammys this time around by winning Album of the Year with Midnights. She instantly became the first musician to earn the honor four times. With one more of these specific trophies to her name, she broke out of a tie with Frank Sinatra, Paul Simon, and Stevie Wonder, who have all taken it home three times. She has previously won for her projects Fearless, 1989, and most recnetly—until now—Folklore.