In our weekly interview about objects, TikTok’s favourite primary school teacher shares the joy of his inner child – from proudly displaying his teddy bear to cutting shapes in his living room
Mr Luke is a social media sensation – just ask your kids (or, perhaps, the chronically online parents of primary school-age children).
With his infectious video updates about the ins and outs of working as a primary school teacher, Luke Springer has amassed 1.7m TikTok followers. In 2022 he made the jump to television with a stint on Play School’s Story Time, and is now back on screens voicing the characters of Mr Bwap and Surg’s dad in the new season of ABC show Reef School.
At home Luke counts a memento from his time on Play School as one of his most prized possessions – that, and the teddy bear he has held on to for ever. Here he tells us about those much-loved items as well as the importance of embracing your inner child.
Let’s assume I’m unable to save all my 100+ indoor plants. Yes, you read correctly. I harbour a slight obsession with my plant babies. So, in the panic of a blaze, I’d be heading for a couple of my artistic treasures.
The first is a one-of-a-kind masterpiece conceived in the whimsical universe of the Play School workshop during one of my visits. Last time I toured the ABC studios in Sydney I had the privilege of exploring backstage and participating in a session at the workshop. I helped make a piece of art for the show. As an educator and someone who grew up watching Play School, the opportunity felt remarkable. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I’d be in the Play School workshop, let alone creating something there! I now proudly display this artwork in my home.
The second is one of the most cherished and sentimental items from my childhood – my first teddy bear, named Snowy. This fluffy companion has been a steadfast presence throughout my life, miraculously surviving numerous house moves and spring cleaning sessions. Usually residing on a shelf in my house, Snowy has not only weathered physical transitions but has seamlessly transitioned into new roles as well. Now, he’s a constant companion during school pyjama days and an honoured guest at teddy bear picnics with my students. Snowy not only stands as a testament to durability but also to the enduring joy of embracing one’s inner child.
My home audio speakers – the heartbeat of my house. As I don’t have a TV, music is always playing (sorry, neighbours!), and my living room is more of a personal dancefloor for tunes ranging from Fred Again to the timeless ballads of Bruce Springsteen and Bring Me the Horizon to Taylor Swift’s pop bangers. And yes, if you’re wondering, I absolutely enjoy dancing around like it’s nobody’s business.
I had lived in 15 houses by the time I settled into my current abode (I had an interesting schooling involving three different primary schools and a new high school every year from grades eight to 12). Among the items I regret misplacing, one stands out from my childhood.
When I graduated from grade 7, many moons ago, each student received a special book during the ceremony. My particular memento was a Guinness World Records book. This book could reliably be found on a bookshelf in my various homes.
But a couple of years ago, I wanted to take a trip down memory lane and the book was nowhere to be found. Its absence remains a mystery to me, and while the records within the book may now be outdated, the value it held – a symbol of my journey and primary school graduation – lingers. Fortunately I still have a class photo as a reminder of that chapter in my life.
Mr Luke appears in Reef School series two, airing on ABC Kids & ABC iView on Mondays at 8.20am