Martha Stewart has one, too! 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. Why Trust Us?
Taylor Swift isn’t the only Super Bowl attendee that we’re taking style notes from. Donna Kelce, mom to Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (aka Taylor’s Boyfriend), went hands free for her son’s big game with the chicest snake-print crossbody bag. 
It’s not the first time Mama Kelce has worn the Bandolier purse. She’s been spotted at multiple games throughout the season sporting one of the brand’s cute crossbody bags. And she’s not the only one—none other than Martha Stewart herself was also been seen wearing a Bandolier bag at the Super Bowl. In an Instagram post Stewart shared with comedian Tracy Morgan, she can be seen clutching the wallet-sized purse. The handy bag even got Oprah’s seal of approval when it made her Favorite Things list in 2021. 
Perfect for the gal on the go, the Bandolier crossbody is just big enough to fit a phone but includes a built-in wallet to hold cards along with an adjustable strap, so you can go completely hands-free. It’s especially great for sporting events and concerts when you need a small or clear bag, which Mama Kelce has obviously figured out!
Kelce wore the (appropriately named) Donna crossbody in the black snake print complemented by the Sarah studded strap. The bag is a bit of an investment at $108, but it’s easy to see just how much use she’s gotten out of it this season, making it totally worth the splurge. 
While some people look to Taylor as their style icon, we’re here for Donna’s ’fits. Shop her look below!
Hannah Jones is the Commerce Editor for Country Living. Her eye is always on the next up-and-coming products to include in gift guides and she's ready to test everything from dog beds to garden tools for product reviews. When she’s not scoping out the latest and greatest items on the market, you can find her hanging with her two rescue dogs.
30 Flattering, Short Styles for Thick Hair
Ulike Air 10 IPL Hair Removal Device Editor Review
Shop Kyle Richards’ ‘Ride or Die’ Makeup Palette
12 Effective Blackhead Removers for Clearer Skin
These Hairbrushes Won’t Break Fine Strands
Best Scalp Detox Products for Healthy Hair
The 10 Comfiest New Balance Sneakers, Right Here
Bobbi Brown’s Tips for a Natural Makeup Look
These Eyeshadows Make Mature Eyes Pop
16 Best Night Creams for Better Skin Overnight
6 Secrets to Saving at Sephora All Year Round
20 Amazon Fashion Finds for Easy Summer Outfits
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.