By ALAN BUTTERFIELD IN LOS ANGELES FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  09:11, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  22:29, 7 January 2024   
 969
View  comments
Taylor Swift wowed in a black mini dress as she enjoyed a girls' night out with her friends Brittany Mahomes and Lindsay Bell in Beverly Hills on Saturday.
The pop sensation, 34, stepped out in California amid furor in her camp after the New York Times published an opinion piece suggesting Swift may be gay - despite her budding romance with Kansas City Chief's Travis Kelce.  
While Kelce and his teammates were staying at a hotel near LAX, his girlfriend and her new pals dined at restaurant hotspot Spago, DailyMail.com pictures showed. 
The Chiefs are in town to play the Los Angeles Chargers at So Fi Stadium on Sunday, but that didn't stop their WAGS from having a night out on the town.
On January 4, the New York Times published a story questioning the popstar's sexuality - but the insinuation has already caused chaos among fans and reportedly within Taylor's inner circle. 
Taylor Swift, 34, wowed in a black mini dress as she enjoyed a girls' night out with her friends Brittany Mahomes and Lindsay Bell in Beverly Hills on Saturday
The singer showed off her svelte model figure and flaunted her long toned legs while donning stylish thigh-high heeled boots (pictured with Lindsay)
Swift and Bell were pictured stepping into a car last night ahead of their beaus' football game
Anna Marks's essay for NYT suggested that Swift could be hiding her sexuality from the world because of her 'affinity for queer identity.'
One of Swift's friends claimed that such an article would never be written about a male artist - although Marks previously wrote a similar article questioning Harry Styles's sexuality.
'This article wouldn't have been allowed to be written about Shawn Mendes or any male artist whose sexuality has been questioned by fans,' a source close to the situation told CNN. 
The New York Times is now the target of the wrath of Swifties, as well as the singer's personal pals. 'I've learned that they are not pleased to say the least,' Oliver Darcy told CNN of the drama.
Meanwhile, Taylor has been in LA for several days - and DailyMail.com have pictured her exclusively working out at the Dogpound Gym in West Hollywood. 
Brittany Mahomes, wife of KC Chiefs QB Patrick Mahomes, and Lyndsay Bell, wife of KC Chiefs Tight end Blake Bell, arrived in LA and are believed to have spent Saturday night with Taylor at her Beverly Hills mansion.
Brittany looked incredibly trendy in a Gucci mini skirt, teamed with black knee-high boots and a stylish top
She kept accessorises to a minimum by wearing a dainty necklace, gold rings and added a trendy black handbag to her ensemble
The pop sensation, 34, stepped out in California amid furor in her camp after the New York Times published an opinion piece suggesting that Swift may be gay - despite her budding romance with Kansas City Chief's Travis Kelce
Taylor wore a short black dress with a gold chain around her neck, trademark red lipstick and Christian Louboutin knee knee-high boots
The three left her estate around 7:30pm on Saturday night and entered the world-famous Spago restaurant from the back alley. 
Taylor wore a short black dress with a gold chain around her neck, trademark red lipstick and Christian Louboutin knee knee-high boots. 
Brittany had on a short, checkered skirt with calf-high boots.
Taylor and her two friends sat at a table across from the bar area of the restaurant, and her security sat a table next to theirs. She was out in the open for all to see.
For the next three hours, Taylor and company drank and had a choice to dine on such delicacies as pizza with prosciutto, $39, olive oil poached striped bass, $68, Liberty Duck breast, $80, and grilled Westholme Farms, Wagyu striploin, $115.
While dining, DailyMail.com can exclusively report 'the three did more talking than eating, at times appearing serious while other times, laughing.'
At one point, when Brittany and Lyndsay had to use the bathroom, Taylor looked like she was talking on the phone, as she had her hand up to her ear.
A few times throughout the evening, Taylor pulled out her phone and looked to be checking messages, most likely from Travis, who is was staying at a hotel just 12 miles away.
Swift wowed fans as she stepped out in the all-black ensemble 
The hitmaker appeared to be in great spirits as she stepped out with her closest friends to head out for the evening
Taylor's ERA tour documentary is up for an award on Sunday night at The Golden Globes
The hotel staff brought out a sampling of several desserts for Taylor and company, but they hardly touched it. At 11pm, they decided it was time to leave and they all got into Taylor's vehicle and sped away.
Taylor's ERA tour documentary is up for an award on Sunday night at The Golden Globes. 
It's not known if she is going to attend the award ceremony at The Beverly Hilton which starts at 5pm, PST or go watch the Chiefs' last regular game of the season some 15 miles south at So FI stadium, which starts at 1:25pm local time.
The KC Chiefs have already clinched their division title, so Coach Andy Reid has said that Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes will not play but will rest up ahead of the playoffs. 
Since the team has already won their division, it does not make any difference in the standings if they win or lose. 
Taylor sported trendy lace-up thigh-high boots
Meanwhile, Lindsay showcased her blossoming baby bump in a cream bodycon dress and cowboy boots
Taylor has become close with her boyfriend's teammates' wives and girlfriends since her budding relationship began
Those close to 34-year-old Grammy winner Taylor have questioned the morality of the New York Times, after they published the article on her sexuality
Taylor and her two friends sat at a table across from the bar area of the restaurant, and her security sat a table next to theirs. She was out in the open for all to see
Those close to 34-year-old Grammy winner Taylor have questioned the morality of the New York Times, after they published the article on her sexuality. 
'Because of her massive success, in this moment there is a Taylor-shaped hole in people's ethics,' a source close to the situation told CNN.
The contents of the article are based on conjecture, and the insider questioned whether a double standard had been applied in allowing the op-ed to be published. 
The piece titled, 'Look What We Made Taylor Swift Do,' by on of the paper's Opinion editors, looks at lyrics from the Lover artist's body of work, which she believes could Sapphic love. 
'Anyone considering the whole of Ms. Swift's artistry — the way that her brilliantly calculated celebrity mixes with her soul-baring art — can find discrepancies between the story that underpins her celebrity and the one captured by her songs.' the author wrote.
Marks cited examples from her appearance, including wearing hair colors from the bisexual pride flag, or rainbow dresses.
She also hints a so-called Easter eggs in the lyrics, in which refer to being in 'glass closets' in Willow or paying homage to lesbian artist Louie Fuller during her Reputation tour. 
'In isolation, a single dropped hairpin is perhaps meaningless or accidental, but considered together, they're the unfurling of a ballerina bun after a long performance,' the editor wrote.
'Those dropped hairpins began to appear in Ms. Swift's artistry long before queer identity was undeniably marketable to mainstream America. They suggest to queer people that she is one of us.' 
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have dinner at Waverly Inn in New York City on October 15, 2023
The New York Times is facing backlash from Taylor Swift 's inner circle who claim their recent opinion piece questioning the popstar's sexuality is 'sexist'
Taylor has explained her pro-LGTBQ stance as advocacy, explaining to Vogue in 2019, 'Rights are being stripped from basically everyone who isn't a straight white cisgender male. I didn't realize until recently that I could advocate for a community that I'm not a part of'
Anna Marks's essay for The New York Times (pictured here) suggests that Taylor Swift could be hiding her sexuality from the world because of her 'affinity for queer identity'
Taylor recently found herself on the wrong side of her devoted fans, the notoriously woke Gen-Z Swifties who watch her every move.
They have become increasingly angry about her excessive use of a private jet to visit her new boyfriend.
The Swifties feel her sky-high emissions are wrecking the environment, and have even set up an Instagram page to track her trips.
The Instagram account set up by her annoyed fans claims Ms Swift has burned 138 tons of CO2 in three months. The singer would need to plant 2,282 trees and grow these for ten years to offset the environmental damage caused by the jetting about.
In response to previous calculations of her flight emissions, a spokesman for Ms Swift has said: 'Taylor's jet is loaned out regularly to others. To attribute most or all of these trips to her is incorrect.
Taylor began dating Kelce, 34, on September and since the start of their relationship she has made a number of flights back and forth on her private plane to see him play for the City Chiefs, or to go on dates with him.
At the end of November, Taylor travelled from her Eras Tour show in Brazil to Kansas, where she was seen at Kelce's home, before jetting to London less than two days later for Beyoncé's Renaissance film premiere. 
She then flew back to America within two days to watch Kelce play the Green Bay Packers in Wisconsin. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group