By D. LAWRANCE FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA and JESSICA WANG FOR NCA NEWSWIRE 
 Published:  07:00, 18 February 2024   |  Updated:  20:52, 18 February 2024   
 133
View  comments
Taylor Swift fans from around the world have been left outraged by Australia's perceived special treatment during the star's Eras Tour.
International Swifties vented on social media after Swift treated Melbourne fans to an extra special surprise song in the form of a mashup of her tracks Getaway Car, The Other Side of the Door and August.
'WHAT POSSESSED HER TO DO THIS?' exclaimed one fan on Twitter.
'Does Taylor owe Australia money or something wtf is this,' vented another.
Another shared a meme of a stone-faced NFL player during a tickertape parade, along with the caption, 'The rest of the world watching Melbourne getting getaway car x august x the other side of the door mashup.'
Taylor Swift fans around the world have been left outraged by Australia's perceived special treatment at the hands of the pop superstar. Pictured: Swift
International Swifties vented on social media after Swift treated Melbourne fans to an extra special surprise song
Fans at Taylor's first Melbourne Cricket Ground concert were also treated to a world-first announcement by the songstress that the special edition of The Tortured Poets Department would feature a new song called The Bolter. 
The outrage comes after one diehard fan miraculously scored a ticket to Swift's Eras Tour concert after an act of goodwill from a punter who had to leave the concert early.
In a video shared on TikTok, one of the thousands of ticketless fans who waited outside the MCG managed to get into the concert thanks to the kind Swiftie.
The short clip shows stunned fans watching the concert goer send the ticket to the fan, before they hug and the woman runs into the venue.
According to the comments, the exchange happened towards the end of the three-hour concert during the final Midnights Era of the show.
In the background 'Vigilante S**t' can be heard playing.
Another shared a meme of a stone-faced NFL player during a tickertape parade
Fans at Taylor's first Melbourne Cricket Ground concert were also treated to a world-first announcement by the songstress that the special edition of The Tortured Poets Department would feature a new song called The Bolter
The outrage comes after one diehard fan miraculously scored a ticket to Swift 's Eras Tour concert after an act of goodwill from a punter who had to leave the concert early 
The TikTok user who took the video wrote: 'A diehard fan has miraculously scored a ticket to Taylor Swift's Eras Tour concert after an act of goodwill from a punter who had to leave the concert early.'
In the comments, the Swiftie behind the kind act commented: 'Punter praised for kind act during Eras Tour, with users commending her for the kind act.
'Punter praised for kind act during Eras Tour,' one wrote.
Jealous! But this dose restore faith in humanity #taylorswift#erastour#melbourne#restorethefaithinhumanity#fyp#foryou#viral#mcg
The short clip shows stunned fans watching the concert goer send the ticket to the fan, before they hug and the woman runs into the MCG 
Swftie's kind act to diehard fan. Picture: TikTok
'BLESS YOUR SOUL!! GOOD THINGS ARE HEADED YOUR WAY,' shared another.
'You're a gem. This was so incredibly sweet!!'
With three shows slated for Melbourne this weekend, thousands of fans who missed out on tickets gathered outside the MCG singing and dancing to Swift's hits.
The international trend has garnered the term 'Taylor-gating,' despite warnings from the MCG urging fans to only attend the venue if they have ticketholders.
Ahead of the concert on February 6, the venue said there would be 'no activations' in Yarra Park or live screening of the show, and reminded fans of the rules against drinking and setting up tents, marquees or BBQs.
Swift mania will then hit Sydney the weekend after, with the pop star set to perform at four shows from Friday, February 23 to Monday February 26.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group