opinionLetters to the Editor
By Letters to the Editor
Re: “Restrictions eased in residential zones — Dallas City Council clears path for more centers to be opened,” Thursday Metro & Business story.
The city can do better to increase child care. The best idea Dallas can come up with is to remove the special-use permit requirement for a child care business to operate in residential areas?
Let’s talk about Peter Brodsky, Vogel Childcare and The Shops at RedBird. Google that and you’ll read about some great partnership work. In short, RedBird is donating the space for a 15,000-square-foot child care facility run by Vogel. It is expected to open this year and will offer access to anyone working at RedBird as well as the community at large.
Get smart opinions on the topics North Texans care about.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Have you read about the Bezos Academies offering free pre-kindergarten programs across the U.S.? I find at least four in Dallas, either open already or preparing to open.
Talk to Mark Cuban. Maybe he has square footage to donate. Visit with Crow Holdings about space at Old Parkland. That could be perfect in Oak Lawn/Love Field. Children of employees and from the surrounding neighborhoods could be cared for all together in one center.
Dallas, please stop trying to pass the idea of businesses by right in neighborhoods, and instead focus on innovation and partnerships that bring more child care to the areas that really need it most. Any takers? Let’s do it.
Angela Muras Medrano, Dallas/Oak Lawn
Re: “Mayor confirms he filed for divorce, regrets fallout — Spokesman denies assertion by Johnson’s wife that he had affair with ex-city employee,” Thursday Metry & Business story.
Eric L. Johnson, soon to be single, is the most befuddling Dallas mayor. Previous mayors often fit in boxes. J. Erik Jonsson was the best. Earle Cabell facilitated the greatest conspiracy. Mike Rawlings was like the friendly uncle.
Johnson defies categorization. If you listen to him speak, the man is clearly brilliant. He granularly understands municipality and has solutions. That’s when the trouble starts — he’s also a brilliant obstructionist.
Johnson thinks he could solve the city’s problems if only it weren’t for that meddlesome city council. Maybe he could, but the council-manager system makes a weak mayor. He’s only got agendas, appointments and the bully pulpit. His vote counts just as much as any Joe Q. Councilmember. And the city manager can run over him all day.
Why did Johnson ever take this job knowing it didn’t hold the power he needed? So he goes off on passive-aggressive council tantrums. He hasn’t adjusted. Transitioning to a Republican so he can hang at Davos, however, is a bait-and-switch. The Dallas Citizens Council should select a new mayor for the people.
Jason Nancarrow, Waxahachie
Re: “Mayor rarely at DFW Airport meetings,” Feb. 5 Metro story.
As a lover of our imperfect city, I believe that we deserve a mayor who gives their best effort. Eric Johnson acts as if Dallas is lucky to have him fill the seat without giving any effort to actually do the job of mayor.
Many Dallasites were excited when the popular Freakonomics podcast did an episode on us called “Why Is Everyone Moving to Dallas?” Host Stephen Dubner reached out to the mayor’s office prior to his visit and mentioned that he had never been to Texas. Johnson glibly told him that if he would come, he would personally pick him up at the airport. Dubner responded with his flight information. Johnson stood him up! This city deserves better from its mayor. Even royals show up for their appointments.
Deborah Michel, Dallas
Re: “Energy struggle emerging — Some Texas Democrats want Texas grid linked with nation’s,” Thursday Metro & Business story.
I am glad to see some politicians beginning to push Texas to join the national power grid. Currently Texas seems to take pride in having an independent power grid, not under federal regulations, which are so often characterized as pernicious and something to be avoided at all costs by our governor.
Having lived through the state’s grid failure three years ago, I have to ask: Just exactly what is so terrible about federal regulation? Who or what is Gov. Greg Abbott protecting with his categorical rejection of joining the national grid?
We Texans experienced about 250 deaths during the last grid failure. That is more than enough reason to have a more reliable and robust power system here in Texas with federal regulations, which may better protect all Texas consumers of electricity.
James R. Bridges, Fate
Every season where we can expect high demand for electricity, our area media is replete with articles wondering if there will be sufficient electricity to serve the citizens of Texas.
Now we see articles about the Dallas area gaining even more and bigger data centers. Am I missing something? Aren’t data centers huge users of electric power? How does this make sense unless there’s something not being written about power availability for these centers.
Michael Bulkeley, Richardson
Why the criticism of Taylor Swift and her political activism? Is it because she is followed by so many? Or because she has a platform for expressing her views? Or because she encourages and works to get folks to vote?
It might be time to remember we had a conservative former actor for president. As well as a former weightlifter and actor becoming a governor. Then most recently we had a TV personality becoming president. Also half of a singing duo, Sonny Bono, became a congressman. And comedian Al Franken became a senator.
Swift might be getting ready for another career. The only separation I know of is church and state. Well, it used to be at least.
William Scholls, Arlington
We welcome your thoughts in a letter to the editor. See the guidelines and submit your letter here. If you have problems with the form, you can submit via email at letters@dallasnews.com
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.