Protect & Sustain WVPB
Early childhood development & learning resources.
Videos, activities & resources for every occasion.
A variety of resources for professional growth.
Request WVPB Education to attend or host an event!
Read the winning stories from the 2025 PBS KIDS Writers Contest at WVPB! 
Nominate an exceptional West Virginia teacher today!
On Demand
On Demand
Watch locally produced documentaries & more.
On Demand
On Demand
Browse TV Schedule  |  Find WVPB Television
View Radio Schedule  |  Find Your Stations
West Virginia Morning
Inside Appalachia
West Virginia Week
Mountain Stage
Us & Them
The Legislature Today



Arts & CultureEconomyEducationEnergy & EnvironmentGovernmentHealth & Science WVPB Special Series
Appalachia + Mid-South Newsroom













 
Arts & Culture


							Bill Lynch +,
						
About 17 hours ago




Red Onion Prison, NIOSH And The Mountain Laurel Festival, Inside Appalachia


					This week, officials are scrutinizing a supermax prison in Wise County, Virginia, after inmate complaints and a visit by a state lawmaker. Also, laid-off federal worker warns the Trump administration’s mass firings could make a big difference for coal miners. And, every year, the Kentucky Mountain Laurel Festival stages a formal dance. Organizers rely on a manual that’s been passed down for generations.				
Continue Reading
Take Me to More News

 



					This week, officials are scrutinizing a supermax prison in Wise County, Virginia, after inmate complaints and a visit by a state lawmaker. Also, laid-off federal worker warns the Trump administration’s mass firings could make a big difference for coal miners. And, every year, the Kentucky Mountain Laurel Festival stages a formal dance. Organizers rely on a manual that’s been passed down for generations.				
Send us your comments and questions.
Stream our board meetings.
Check out the latest WVPB news.
Sign up for our newsletter and get weekly updates.
Meet the WVPB staff.
WV Educational Broadcasting Authority, the WVPB Foundation, and the Friends of WVPB.
Come work with us!
Sponsor impactful and engaging media and entertainment.
Use your IRA to make a gift to WVPB.
Become a member with your gift of $1,000 or more.
Make WVPB part of your legacy.
Manage your membership account.
Learn how you can Protect and Sustain West Virginia Public Broadcasting.
Home » Senate Passes Bill Making AI Generated Pornography A Felony
In February, pop superstar Taylor Swift became the target of artificially generated sexually explicit photos using Artificial Intelligence. AI creators used photos and videos of Swift to create a sexually explicit deep fake. 
The use of photos to create deep fakes of sexually explicit content is becoming a trend among child predators. Photos of children can be plugged into AI to create child pornography. 
Senate Bill 740 prohibits digital manipulation of sexually explicit content that includes minors. 
Sen. Patricia Rucker, R-Jefferson, is one of the sponsors of the bill. She said just two days ago she received an email from a constituent whose 14-year-old son had been superimposed using AI onto the body of a naked person. The creators were trying to extort money out of the victim and his family. 
“Thankfully he went straight to his parents and they called the police,” Rucker said. “Just so you know, the police told them we don’t know what we can do about this.”
AI depictions of child sexual exploitation and abuse are on the rise. 
Senate Bill 741 prohibits the creation, production, distribution, or possession of artificially generated child pornography. Sen. Charles Trump, R-Morgan, sponsored and introduced the bill. 
“This bill makes clear that if you do it through the use of artificial intelligence, and generate images, then it’s going to be subjected to felony penalties under West Virginia law,” Trump said. 
Both bills passed unanimously and now head to the House for consideration. 

					On this West Virginia Week, the federal government continues to announce funding cuts to programs like Americorps, but Sen. Shelley Moore Capito said she is working toward reinstating some federal workers in Morgantown.				

					The excess revenue is due in large part to personal income tax. April collections were $88 million above estimate, because fewer people received tax refunds and more people had to pay than originally estimated.				

					
Eleven new grants have been awards to boost resilience in the state’s food supply. 



The West Virginia Department of Agriculture announced more than $3.3 million in grant awards through the ...				

					On this West Virginia Morning, we take a closer look at the camping ban Morgantown passed Tuesday, plus why a mine safety agency has mine worker advocates feeling hindered.				
Government stories

600 Capitol Street
Charleston, WV 25301
Community Discussion Rules
Copyright © 2025 West Virginia Public Broadcasting, All Rights Reserved