Madonna speaks onstage during the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on September 12, 2021 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City.
Madonna proves that the show must go on! The 65-year-old "Queen of Pop" took a minor tumble on stage over the weekend while performing her 1986 hit “Open Your Heart” on Sunday (February 18) after one of her dancers lost their footing. She didn't stay down for long, though, as she quickly adjusted and recovered immediately upon impact. As the iconic entertainer is continuing her Celebration World Tour, Madonna's mishap occurred at Seattle’s Climate Pledge Arena. Madonna sat in a chair while singing directly to a video camera. One of her dancers begins to drag the chair with her in it after she sings a few bars, which is inspired by the song's iconic music video. Still singing in the chair, her dancer's stilettos slip on the stage after just a few steps and he loses his footing, bringing Madonna down with him, but mostly catching the brunt of her fall.
Madonna rolled out of the chair following the impact, continuing to sing the song. As her dancer glances to make sure she is okay, he runs away with the chair. The audience loudly sings along with her at first before she bursts into laughter about the fall. Still smiling, the cameraman who was filming her seconds ago comes to her aid to help her up. Madonna then resumed the “Open Your Heart” choreography with the several chairs and dancers as if nothing had happened. The last and final show of the Celebration Tour is on April 26.
Fans of the singer shared clips of the stage mishap on social media, sharing their reactions to the moment. In response to one clip shared on X (formerly Twitter), one fan wrote, “She's the Queen for a reason.” Another stated, “That laugh was everything!” Another fan wrote, "Always the professional! I've seen a few tweets criticize the dancer for not going back to pick her up, but I believe the dancers are instructed to keep going if there is any mishaps..." Praising her age, one fan commented, "If [I] get dropped on stage at 65 years old, I sure hope I can get up and laugh and keep singing. Rock on, @Madonna [heart emoji]."
Madonna isn't called the Queen of Pop for no reason: she has been THE entertainer since the 80s.
We scoured through footage from her live performances over the last 40 years and compiled the best ones (in no particular order) in celebration of her birthday today (August 16).
Take a look below:
Complete with crosses and nuns, this high-energy performance took place during her Blond Ambition World Tour in 1990.
Madonna went full-on Marie Antoinette at the 1990 MTV VMA's. We love the theatrics with the fans.
During the 1991 Oscars, the song won the award for Best Original Song. Madonna attended the ceremony with Michael Jackson as her date and performed "Sooner or Later" in a look inspired by Marilyn Monroe.
Madonna was joined by The Tonight Show's Jimmy Fallon and The Roots in 2022 to play "Music" using classroom instruments.
In a televised performance of “Ghosttown” in 2015, Madonna was supported by Taylor Swift on guitar. 
This classic performance from Madonna took place during her 1990 The Blond Ambition World Tour, her third concert featuring her fourth studio album Like a Prayer.
Madonna showed off her savvy footwork and put on her dancing shows for this performance during her 2006 during The Confessions Tour.
Joined by two other women with big hair, Madonna got "into the groove" during her 1993 The Girlie Show.
At 27 years old, Madonna performed "Crazy For You" during her debut concert, The Virgin Tour.
We absolutely love gothic Madonna, performing on France's TF1 in 1998.
Madonna brought the drama from the 80s in 1987 during The Who's That Girl World Tour.
Combining inspiration from Japan's culture, she performed "Frozen" during 2001's Drowned World Tour.
The energy and costumes for Madonna's debut tour are unmatched. This is from 1985's The Virgin Tour.
During the 2006 Confessions Tour, Madonna had a cage-like structure that her dancers climbed upon.
In 2006, Madonna performed the dance hit "Hung Up" with a little help from Gorillaz during the Grammys.
Madonna performed this classic on 1980's variety show Solid Gold.
Name a more 2000's performance than this, we dare you. Performed in Michigan during her 2001 Drowned World Tour.
The Queen of Pop took the King of Pop's "Billie Jean" and mashed it up with "Like A Virgin" in 1985 during The Virgin Tour.
5 years after 50 Cent released "Candy Shop," Madonna released her own version and her sugar is raw. Performed during her 2008-2009 Sticky & Sweet Tour.
During her 2012 MDNA tour, Madonna proved she's still a powerhouse entertainer while performing her hit, "Celebration" in Miami.
In a moving acoustic set accompanied by her friend Isaac, Madonna's voice sends chills down our spine. From her 2006 Confessions Tour.
In another great live performance from her 1985 The Virgin Tour in Detroit, Madonna incorporates a big fan to show she's a superstar.
During her 2008-2009 Sticky & Sweet Tour, Madonna keeps the dance hits going strong in this electrifying dance mix version of the song.
While "robbing" one of her dancers knocked out cold in a bit during her 2012 MDNA tour, Madonna drops their chain into her cleavage and stuffs dollar bills in their mouth.
In 2015, during her Rebel Heart Tour, Madonna whipped out the ukulele for a rare performance of "True Blue."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!