The senator and "Ballers" superfan supports the legalization of marijuana. 
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren's dream blunt rotation? Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson only.

 The U.S. senator from Massachusetts — a well-documented superfan of The Rock's sports dramedy Ballers — appeared on an episode of podcast Pod Save America to chat about the legalization of marijuana, where she was propositioned by host Jon Favreau (not to be confused with the filmmaker and actor) to list her dream blunt rotation.

 "For those who aren't familiar, a dream blunt rotation is a group of people you'd hypothetically like to smoke weed with because they'd be a really fun time," Favreau said, presenting a list of names and asking Warren to pick just four.

 Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders, Janet Yellen, The Rock, and Ed Markey were the names presented by Favreau before Warren stopped him to declare her decision. "Oh — The Rock!" Warren said. "Oh, I'm stopping there. I'm just doing The Rock four times."

 Favreau also had Nancy Pelosi, Snoop Dogg, Chuck Schumer, and Taylor Swift as contenders, but Warren was unmoved. "Uh, I'm still with The Rock," she said.

Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images; Pablo Cuadra/WireImage
 The Democratic senator, who is running for her third term this year, is a proponent of the legalization of marijuana. Warren is also a well-documented fan of The Rock and Ballers, having previously spoken to EW about her love for the show back in 2019 ahead of its series finale.

 "It’s got The Rock! What’s not to love?" Warren said at the time. "It’s an interesting story that’s different from much of what’s on television. The issues they’ve tackled on Ballers are real." Of The Rock teasing a run for president, the one-time presidential hopeful added, "I would welcome him to the race. I know he would fight for the principles that he believes in — he’s my kind of guy!"

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)