The Graham Norton Show has been on the BBC for more than 20 years, first beginning in 2001 and has seen hundreds of guests in its time.


  From the likes of Tom Hanks, Cher, Madonna, Taylor Swift, David Tennant and many more, presenter Graham Norton has interviewed them all.


  Throughout his years hosting the BBC chat show, Norton has always faced one question which he's never been willing to answer relating to who the worst person was to appear on the show.


  Now, the popular chat show host has revealed that one guest takes the spot of the worst to ever appear on The Graham Norton Show.


  Back in 2022, Norton spoke to the Evening Standard where he shared that disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein was the worst guest on the BBC show.


  The 71-year-old was sent to jail after being found guilty of third-degree rape and first-degree criminal sexual act for crimes against two women.


  In his interview with the Evening Standard, Norton said: “I often talk around who my least favourite guest was, but now, someone reminded me, I have a really good answer to this now. It’s Harvey Weinstein.


  Adding: “He’s in jail, so he gets the prize for the worst guest ever.”


Norton added that he was forced to have Weinstein on the BBC shows sofa after the disgraced producer continued to demand his appearance.


  Sharing: “He emailed me something very nice, a complimentary thing. And then he decided he wanted to be on the show because he was going to promote something.


  “And it was a show that was fully booked, so I replied saying, ‘Oh, thank you so much, but the show is fully booked’.


  “He emailed back, ‘What if I blah de blah de blah?’ ‘No, the show is fully booked, blah de blah.’ And he emailed back again, ‘But I think…,’ and I just had to turn to my booker and say, ‘Can you please deal with this?’


  “And at the time, I thought that sort of attitude, that kind of, ‘Oh no, I’m going on,’ that is what makes you a very good producer.


  “But of course, now that we know what we know, that is what makes him a predator. It was that kind of weird, tunnel-vision thing.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.