By MONIQUE FRIEDLANDER FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  21:24, 20 February 2024   |  Updated:  21:43, 27 February 2024   
 6
View  comments
Footage has gone viral of a security guard dancing enthusiastically while working at Taylor Swift's concert in Melbourne. 
Lynda Britten was filmed jiving and singing while working at the Melbourne Cricket Ground during one of Swift's performances last week. 
The three-second clip, which has been viewed on TikTok over six million times, shows Lynda shimmying as she makes her way down an aisle during Swift's performance of You Belong With Me. 
Clearly having the time of her life, Lynda sings along to the lyrics while making eye contact with other elated Swifties. 
TikTok users have reacted to Lynda's exuberant display, with one commenting: 'Tell me you love your job without telling me you love your job.' 
Footage has gone viral of a security guard dancing enthusiastically while working at Taylor Swift 's concert in Melbourne last week 
'Give them a freaking raise', another wrote, as someone else added: 'Aww, that's awesome. Someone find this lady and get her a meet and greet.' 
It comes as the Anti-Hero hitmaker's secret way of getting to the stage to perform during her Australian tour was revealed.
One fan posted a video to Instagram from Swift's Melbourne show on Friday, which shows the pop star getting pushed to the side of the stage in a cleaning cart.
After pulling up near a black tent, the Shake It Off hitmaker can be seen exiting the cart before walking up a set of stairs in her costume.
It comes as the Anti-Hero hitmaker's secret way of getting to the stage to perform during her Australian tour was revealed
'Yep, it's true… Taylor getting out of the 'Cleaning Cart' night 1 in Melbourne!' the fan captioned the post.
Swift was also seen emerging from a large cart during her concert in Texas, with one concertgoer sharing footage of the moment she was pushed around to TikTok.
Meanwhile, Sydney fans are gearing up for Swiftie mayhem after the star jetted into the New South Wales capital on Monday ahead of her four-day concert run at Accor Stadium this week.
One fan posted a video to Instagram from Swift's Melbourne show on Friday, which shows the pop star getting pushed to the side of the stage in a cleaning cart

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group