By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:28, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  18:50, 11 January 2024   
 12
View  comments
Hailee Steinfeld put on a classy display with radiant Fantasia Barrino and chic Danielle Brooks as they led stars at Hollywood Creative Alliance's 7th Annual Astra Film Awards in Los Angeles on Saturday. 
The True Grit actress, 27 - who is currently dating NFL star Josh Allen - joined The Color Purple stars Barrino, 39, and Brooks, 34, as well as other celebrities on the glitzy red carpet. 
The star-studded ceremony took place at the historic Biltmore Hotel in the heart of the city and was hosted by comedian, Jimmy O. Yang. 
Steinfeld - who was the recipient of Best Voice-Over for Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse - stunned wearing a black dress that contained a sheer skirt that fell down past her ankles. 
She layered the classy look with a black blazer which was buttoned at the front and also opted for closed-toed, black heels.  
Hailee Steinfeld, 27, put on a classy display with radiant Fantasia Barrino, 39, and chic Danielle Brooks, 34, as they led stars at Hollywood Creative Alliance's 7th Annual Astra Film Awards in Los Angeles on Saturday
Steinfeld - who was the recipient of Best Voice-Over for Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse - stunned wearing a black dress that contained a sheer skirt that fell down past her ankles. The Astra Awards sponsored by Sommsation Wines
Her hair was parted in the middle and pulled back into a low up do which was tied with black ribbon. 
The beauty added a pair of silver-hooped earring but chose to not add any other flashy pieces of jewelry to the look. 
The Astra Awards sponsored by Sommsation Wines. 
Fantasia turned heads sporting a vibrant, one-shoulder orange gown that flowed down to pool around the songstress. Bunched fabric could be seen on her left shoulder for a dramatic effect. 
She added a large, gold-chained necklace as well as gold earrings to accessorize her outfit for the special evening. 
The star also wore a chunky, gold bracelet on her right wrist that offered an additional flashy flare. 
Her makeup was glammed up, and comprised of a layer of mascara to her lashes as well as a smoky shadow around her eyes. 
A warm blush was added to her cheekbones, while a nude-colored, glossy tint was worn on her lips for a finishing touch. 
Fantasia was also joined by her husband, Kendall Taylor, who was dapper in a dark gray, pin-striped suit which he paired with a white dress shirt and black shoes. 
The couple paused for a few snaps together, and at one point, also shared a loving and lighthearted moment on the red carpet. 
She layered the classy look with a black blazer which was buttoned at the front and also opted for closed-toed, black heels
The actress also added an assortment of rings on each of her hands that offered a flashy flare to her fashionable ensemble
A warm blush was added to her cheekbones for a radiant glow while a nude-colored tint was worn on her lips
Fantasia turned heads sporting a vibrant, one-shoulder orange gown that flowed down to pool around the songstress. Bunched fabric could be seen on her left shoulder for a dramatic effect
She added a large, gold-chained necklace as well as gold earrings to accessorize her outfit for the special evening
The beauty was seen taking a quick water break while posing for a photo session on the red carpet at the event 
Fantasia was also joined by her husband, Kendall Taylor, who was dapper in a dark gray, pin-striped suit which he paired with a white dress shirt and black shoes
Danielle Brooks was also in attendance and showed off her chic style wearing a pair of black trousers as well as a black blazer that was buttoned at the front and had cream-colored fabric draped on the upper portion
The Color Purple actress added a black top underneath and slipped into a pair of closed-toed shoes
Danielle Brooks was also in attendance and showed off her chic style wearing a pair of black trousers as well as a black blazer that was buttoned at the front with cream-colored fabric draped on the upper portion. 
The Color Purple actress added a black top underneath and slipped into a pair of closed-toed shoes. Her locks were parted to the side, and cascaded down past her shoulders in elegant curls. 
She opted for minimal accessories to allow the ensemble to be the main focal point during the festivities, and added dangly earrings as well as silver, flashy rings on each of her hands. 
Aba Arthur - who also recently starred in The Color Purple - was stunning wearing a sheer, white dress that contained a thigh-high slit on the left side as well as glittering details on the material. 
She slipped into a pair of open-toed heels that contained a shimmering bow embellishment on top. 
The star added a dainty necklace as well as mini earrings while her locks flowed down behind her back. 
While posing for photos on the red carpet, Aba crossed paths with Fantasia and the two were seen sharing an excited embrace. 
M3GAN actress, Jenna Davis, put on a classy display wearing a red, strapless dress that contained a hem that stopped inches above her knees. 
Additional material billowed out from the back and flowed down into a train behind the star. 
She additionally donned a pair of open-toed, red heels that had glittering soles and were secured with straps that wrapped around her ankles. 
She opted for minimal accessories to allow the ensemble to be the main focal point during the festivities, and added dangly earrings as well as silver, flashy rings on each of her hands
Aba Arthur - who also recently starred in The Color Purple - was stunning wearing a sheer, white dress that contained a thigh-high slit on the left side as well as glittering details on the material
She slipped into a pair of open-toed heels that contained a shimmering bow embellishment on top
The co-stars turned heads as they also took time to take a quick picture together before the event commenced 
M3GAN actress, Jenna Davis, put on a classy display wearing a red, strapless dress that contained a hem that stopped inches above her knees
Wayne's World actress, Tia Carrere, put on a youthful display wearing a figure-hugging, brown pleather dress that contained ruched details
The actress was also joined by Paul Debevec who was dapper in a pair of black slacks as well as a matching blazer
Madeleine McGraw, wowed wearing a dark red, tulle gown that had a full skirt that brushed the ground
Her blonde locks were swept up into a stylish up do, allowing loose strands to border the sides of her face. 
Davis added a pair of sparkling earrings as well as a red satin choker to accessorize her glammed up ensemble for the ceremony. 
Wayne's World actress, Tia Carrere, put on a youthful display wearing a figure-hugging, brown pleather dress that contained ruched details. 
The ensemble also had a plunging neckline on the front for a sultry flare and the hem of the gown fell down to conceal that shoes she had worn for the evening. 
Tia easily carried a silver, glittering clutch bag in her hand to hold items she needed during the event. 
Carrere opted for minimal accessories and wore a dainty, gold-chained necklace and allowed her locks to fall down straight past her shoulders. 
The actress was also joined by Paul Debevec who was dapper in a pair of black slacks as well as a matching blazer. He added a black shirt as well as a tie underneath for a final touch. 
Madeleine McGraw, wowed wearing a dark red, tulle gown that had a full skirt that brushed the ground. 
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Victoria celebrates David Beckham's 50th in heart-warming post
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
Megan Barton-Hanson makes fresh abuse allegations against unnamed ex
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
Hailey Bieber stuns at Rhode event attended by Kylie Jenner
Trailer of the 'disturbing' new horror film Crimes of the Future
'Floribama Shore' star passes away after battling pancreatitis
Aida Rodriguez was elegant wearing a fitted blue dress that contained sheer material with shimmering details on the top portion
Abby Ryder Fortson donned a classy ensemble that comprised of black trousers as well as a black jacket that contained a sequin trim that sparkled under the bright lights
Willem Dafoe - who was one of the honorees during the night - was seen wearing a pair of dark gray slacks as well as a matching blazer that was buttoned at the front
The star was accompanied by his wife, Giada Colagrande, who donned a stylish black dress which was layered with a purple velvet coat
The Black Phone star slipped into a pair of open-toed, strappy heels and opted for a small bracelet on her right wrist as well as a silver-chained necklace and flashy earrings. 
Her dark locks were parted in the middle, and effortlessly flowed down past her shoulders in light curls. 
Madeleine's younger sister, Violet McGraw, was also in attendance and is known for appearing in projects such as M3GAN and The Haunting Of Hill House. 
She donned a light blue dress with colorful embellishments and was held up with thin straps that wrapped around her shoulders. 
The actress held a small, red bag in her hand that had a sparkling, silver bow accent on the front. 
Violet also wore a pair of silver flats and styled her brunette locks into a bun, allowing wavy strands to border the sides of her face. 
Aida Rodriguez was elegant wearing a fitted blue dress that contained sheer material with shimmering details on the top portion. 
The comedian donned a pair of open-toed, silver pumps and added a pair of mini, rhinestone earrings to allow the gown to be the main focal point. 
Filmmaker Chad Stahelski was seen donning a black suit and wrapped a gray-patterned scarf around his neck to keep him warm in the cooler weather
Colman Domingo turned heads wearing a pair of white slacks as well as a fitted, double-breasted blazer
Troy Kotsur was dressed to impress wearing a classic, black suit which he paired with a black dress shirt and tie
Her dark locks were pulled back into a sleek bun, preventing any loose strands from falling onto her face. 
Abby Ryder Fortson donned a classy ensemble that comprised of black trousers as well as a black jacket that contained a sequin trim that sparkled under the bright lights. 
The Ant-Man actress also opted for a pair of closed-toed, black heels and allowed her dark hair to cascade down in light curls. 
Willem Dafoe - who was one of the honorees during the night - was seen wearing a pair of dark gray slacks as well as a matching blazer that was buttoned at the front. 
The Poor Things actor added a black dress shirt underneath and slipped into a pair of black dress shoes. 
The star was accompanied by his wife, Giada Colagrande, who donned a stylish black dress which was layered with a purple velvet coat. 
Filmmaker Chad Stahelski was seen donning a black suit and wrapped a gray-patterned scarf around his neck to keep him warm in the cooler weather. 
Stahelski - who directed John Wick: Chapter 4 - as well as the stunt team for the film were given the Spotlight Award during the event. 
Colman Domingo turned heads wearing a pair of white slacks as well as a fitted, double-breasted blazer. 
Spanish film director, J.A. Bayona, stepped onto the red carpet in a black suit as well as a white dress shirt and sleek shoes
He was seen posing with Sandra Hermida who sported an all-black ensemble and Belen Atienza who donned an outfit that contained an eye-catching, green-patterned skirt
Hiroyuki Sanada - who starred in the fourth installment in the John Wick franchise - wore a black suit which he paired with a matching vest as well as a light blue dress shirt
Sanada's co-star, Shamier Anderson, was also seen at the ceremony and wore a checkered suit as well as a black turtleneck and sleek loafers
The Color Purple actor also opted for a white dress shirt as well as a matching tie and white dress shoes. 
Troy Kotsur was dressed to impress wearing a classic, black suit which he paired with a black dress shirt and tie. 
The CODA actor also wore a pair of sleek, black shoes and added a black hat on top of his head to complete his overall ensemble for the awards ceremony. 
Spanish film director, J.A. Bayona, stepped onto the red carpet in a black suit as well as a white dress shirt and sleek shoes. 
He was seen posing with Sandra Hermida who sported an all-black ensemble and Belen Atienza who donned an outfit that contained an eye-catching, green-patterned skirt. 
Hiroyuki Sanada - who starred in the fourth installment in the John Wick franchise - wore a black suit which he paired with a matching vest as well as a light blue dress shirt. 
Sanada's co-star, Shamier Anderson, was also seen at the ceremony and wore a checkered suit as well as a black turtleneck and sleek loafers. 
Glenn Howerton also dressed to impress wearing a bronze-colored suit as well as a brown dress shirt underneath. He was joined by Jill Latiano who color-coordinated in a glittering, dark brown dress. 
English actor, Tom Payne, donned a pair of black velvet pants and a matching blazer as he stopped by the event on Saturday 
Glenn Howerton also dressed to impress wearing a bronze-colored suit as well as a brown dress shirt underneath. He was joined by Jill Latiano who color-coordinated in a glittering, dark brown dress
Scott Rogers, Jeremy Marinas and Stephen Dunlevy also paused for a photo together on the red carpet and donned stylish suits for the festivities
Boris Kodjoe opted for an all-black ensemble that comprised of a black turtleneck as well as pants and a blazer 
Scott Rogers, Jeremy Marinas and Stephen Dunlevy also paused for a photo together on the red carpet and donned stylish suits for the festivities.  
Barbie notably led the nominations at the ceremony by garnering a total of 15 nods, with Oppenheimer receiving 14, as well as Killers Of The Flower Moon and Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse each raking in 10. 
Taylor Swift also received a nomination for Best Documentary Film for her successful Eras Tour movie which premiered in theaters late last year in October. 
Eight Honorary Awards were also presented during the glamorous festivities, with actor Willem Dafoe receiving the Excellence in Artistry Award and Westworld star, Jeffrey Wright, garnering the Acting Achievement Award. 
Once the event commenced on Saturday, Hailee was seen standing on the stage while accepting her award for Best Voice-Over. 
Once the event commenced on Saturday, Hailee was seen standing on the stage while accepting her award for Best Voice-Over
The Dickinson actress held a cheerful smile on her face as she addressed the star-studded guests
Violet McGraw and Jenna Davis were also seen receiving the award for Best Horror Feature for their film, M3GAN. The two stars shared a quick hug on the stage while celebrating the special moment
J.A. Bayona proudly accepted the award for Filmmaking Achievement Award during the ceremony 
Jeremy Marinas, Stephen Dunlevy, Chad Stahelski and Scott Rogers accepted the Spotlight Award while on the stage 
Josh Peck and Calah Lane were later seen also speaking on stage during the awards ceremony
Michael Giacchino was dapper as he talked to the celebrity guests while standing in front of a podium on the stage
Tia Carrere also held a smile on her face as she talked on the stage during the Astra Film Awards
The Dickinson actress held a cheerful smile on her face as she addressed the star-studded guests. 
Violet McGraw and Jenna Davis were also seen receiving the award for Best Horror Feature for the film, M3GAN. The two stars shared a quick hug on the stage while celebrating the special moment. 
Josh Peck and Calah Lane were later seen also speaking on stage during the awards ceremony. 
Michael Giacchino was dapper as he talked to the celebrity guests while standing in front of a podium on the stage. 
Tia Carrere also held a smile on her face as she talked on the stage during the Astra Film Awards. 
After receiving the awards, Steinfeld as well as Davis and McGraw had the chance to pause for a special photo session while holding their awards
The Astra Film Awards was a special event for celebrities, and stars also had the chance to spend time with adorable pups
Hailee was also seen holding what appeared to be the same cute dog and she flashed a big grin as she carried the animal in her arms
Hailee's makeup was glammed up and comprised of a layer of mascara to her lashes as well as a shimmering shadow around her eyes 
After receiving the awards, Steinfeld as well as Davis and McGraw had the chance to pause for a special photo session while holding their awards. 
The Astra Film Awards was a special event for celebrities, and stars also had the chance to spend time with adorable pups. 
Peck - who sported a dark gray suit - was seen sweetly cuddling a dog that he held in his arms. 
Hailee was also seen holding what appeared to be the same cute dog and she flashed a big grin as she carried the animal in her arms. 
Greta Gerwig was also later spotted at the event and donned a sleeveless ensemble that contained hues of white, black as well as a light blush towards the bottom. 
She slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black shoes and accessorized the look with a pair of dangly, gold earrings.  
The filmmaker took to the stage to accept that award for Best Original Screenplay for Barbie. As she held the award in her hand, the star gave a heartfelt speech to the star-studded crowd. 
The movie also won Best Picture during the Astra Film Awards and Gerwig once again took to the stage to receive the statuette and was joined by producer, David Heyman. 
Greta Gerwig was also later spotted at the event and donned a sleeveless ensemble that contained hues of white, black as well as a light blush towards the bottom
The filmmaker took to the stage to accept that award for Best Original Screenplay for Barbie
As she held the award in her hand, the star gave a heartfelt speech to the star-studded crowd
The movie also won Best Picture during the Astra Film Awards and Gerwig once again took to the stage to receive the statuette and was joined by producer, David Heyman
She once again gave another speech to the audience during the special festivities 
A warm blush was added to better accentuate her cheekbones, while a reddish, matte tint was worn on her lips 
She also briefly stepped back onto the red carpet to take a few memorable snaps while holding the award in her hand
David and Greta were seen pausing for a photo together at the ceremony 
Greta was spotted applauding during the awards ceremony and was surrounded by other guests 
She also briefly stepped back onto the red carpet to take a few memorable snaps while holding the award in her hand. 
Abby Ryder Fortson was the recipient of the Star on the Rise Award and held a big smile on her face as she accepted the award on stage. 
The actress also posed for a few photos on the red carpet, and was joined by Kelly Fremon Craig who opted for an all-black ensemble. 
Willem Dafoe held a paper in his hand as he stepped on stage to give a speech after receiving the Excellence in Artistry Award. 
Afterwards, the actor posed for a snap inside the historic hotel and later stepped onto the red carpet. 
Jeffrey Wright donned a classic navy suit while attending the event, and accepted the Acting Achievement Award onstage in front of the cheering crowd. 
He also sported a plain shirt as well as black dress shoes to complete his ensemble for the big night. 
Joaquim Dos Santos, Kemp Powers and Justin K. Thompson were also seen taking to the stage after Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse won Best Animated Feature.  
Abby Ryder Fortson was the recipient of the Star on the Rise Award and held a big smile on her face as she accepted the award on stage
The actress also posed for a few photos on the red carpet, and was joined by Kelly Fremon Craig who opted for an all-black ensemble
Willem Dafoe held a paper in his hand as he stepped on stage to give a speech after receiving the Excellence in Artistry Award
Afterwards, the actor posed for a snap inside the historic hotel and later stepped onto the red carpet
The Inside actor held up his award in his hands as he took another picture after receiving the honorary award at the ceremony 
Jeffrey Wright donned a classic navy suit while attending the event, and accepted the Acting Achievement Award onstage in front of the cheering crowd
He also sported a plain shirt as well as black dress shoes to complete his ensemble for the big night
Joaquim Dos Santos, Kemp Powers and Justin K. Thompson were also seen taking to the stage after Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse won Best Animated Feature
Danielle Brooks, Fantasia Barrino and Colman Domingo accepted the award for Best Cast Ensemble for The Color Purple. 
The trio could be seen standing on stage together to give a quick speech and also took a memorable snap. 
Brooks was also the recipient of the Breakthrough Performer Award and shared her excitement over the win as she accepted the award. While on the red carpet once again, the actress held out her award towards the camera as she struck a pose. 
Colman was spotted lounging at one of the tables placed inside a spacious room where the event was held. 
He also took time to pause for a photo with Danielle during the festivities after presenting her the Breakthrough Performer Award.  
Fantasia and Danielle looked stunning as they sat next to each other at a table while indulging in a tasty dinner. 
Kelly Fremon Craig won the award for Best Comedy Feature for Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret - which also starred Abby Ryder Fortson. 
During the event, Troy Kotsur had the chance to speak onstage and addressed the audience with a bright smile.  
Danielle Brooks, Fantasia Barrino and Colman Domingo accepted the award for Best Cast Ensemble for The Color Purple
The trio could be seen standing on stage together to give a quick speech and also took a memorable snap
Brooks was also the recipient of the Breakthrough Performer Award and shared her excitement over the win as she accepted the award
While on the red carpet once again, the actress held out her award towards the camera as she struck a pose
Colman was spotted lounging at one of the tables placed inside a spacious room where the event was held
He also took time to pause for a photo with Danielle during the festivities after presenting her the Breakthrough Performer Award
Domingo could be seen sharing an embrace with Brooks as he handed over the award to the actress 
Fantasia and Danielle looked stunning as they sat next to each other at a table while indulging in a tasty dinner
Erica Lee, Scott Rogers, Fantasia, Chad Stahelski, Jeremy Marinas, Basil Iwanyk, and Stephen Dunlevy seen with their awards after winning Best Cast Ensemble for The Color Purple 
Kelly Fremon Craig won the award for Best Comedy Feature for Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret - which also starred Abby Ryder Fortson
During the event, Troy Kotsur had the chance to speak onstage and addressed the audience with a bright smile
Glenn Howerton was later spotted stepping onto the stage to accept the Game Changer Award
During the fun night, Hailee was once again spotted as she held an excited expression on her face as she held her award
Mark Ronson was also spotted at the awards ceremony on Saturday and sported a black suit that comprised of slacks as well as a double-breasted blazer
Glenn Howerton was later spotted stepping onto the stage to accept the Game Changer Award. 
During the fun night, Hailee was once again spotted as she held an excited expression on her face as she held her award. 
Mark Ronson was also spotted at the awards ceremony on Saturday and sported a black suit that comprised of slacks as well as a double-breasted blazer. 
He added a white dress shirt as well as a patterned tie and brown shoes to complete his outfit for the special night.  
 Best Picture
Air (Amazon MGM Studios)
American Fiction (Orion Pictures / Amazon MGM Studios)
Barbie (Warner Bros. Pictures) - Winner
The Color Purple (Warner Bros. Pictures)
The Holdovers (Focus Features)
Killers of the Flower Moon (Apple Original Films)
Maestro (Netflix)
Oppenheimer (Universal Pictures) 
Past Lives (A24)
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse (Sony Pictures)
Best Actor
Barry Keoghan – Saltburn as Oliver Quick
Bradley Cooper – Maestro as Leonard Bernstein
Cillian Murphy – Oppenheimer as J. Robert Oppenheimer
Colman Domingo – Rustin as Bayard Rustin
Jeffrey Wright – American Fiction as Thelonious 'Monk' Ellison
Paul Giamatti – The Holdovers as Paul Hunham - WINNER
Best Supporting Actor
Charles Melton – May December as Joe Yoo
Colman Domingo – The Color Purple as Albert 'Mister' Johnson
Dominic Sessa – The Holdovers as Angus Tilly
Glenn Howerton – BlackBerry as Jim Balsillie
Robert Downey Jr. – Oppenheimer as Lewis Strauss
Ryan Gosling – Barbie as Ken - WINNER
Best Cast Ensemble
The Color Purple - WINNER
Air
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer
The Holdovers
Best Original Screenplay
Barbie – Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - WINNER
Air – Alex Convery
Anatomy of a Fall – Justine Triet and Arthur Harari
Past Lives – Celine Song
Saltburn – Emerald Fennell
The Holdovers – David Hemingson
Best Action Feature 
John Wick: Chapter 4 - WINNER
Creed III
Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
The Killer
Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
Best Comedy Feature 
Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. - WINNER
BlackBerry
Bottoms
Joy Ride
No Hard Feelings
Theater Camp
Best Horror Feature 
M3GAN - WINNER
Evil Dead Rise
Knock at the Cabin
No One Will Save You
Scream VI
Talk to Me
Best International Feature
Anatomy of a Fall (France) - WINNER
Concrete Utopia (South Korea)
Fallen Leaves (Finland)
Jawan (India)
Perfect Days (Japan)
Radical (Mexico)
Society of the Snow (Spain)
The Taste of Things (France)
The Teachers' Lounge (Germany)
The Zone of Interest (United Kingdom)
Best International Actor
Gael García Bernal – Cassandro as Saúl Armendáriz / Cassandro - WINNER
Christian Friedel – The Zone of Interest as Rudolf Höss
Enzo Vogrincic – Society of the Snow as Numa Turcatti
Eugenio Derbez – Radical as Sergio
Koji Yakusho – Perfect Days as Hirayama
Mads Mikkelsen – The Promised Land as Ludvig Kahlen
Best Short Film
The After - WINNER 
The ABCs of Book Banning
The Last Repair Shop
Once Upon a Studio
Strange Way of Life
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar
 Best Director
Christopher Nolan – Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ben Affleck – Air
Bradley Cooper – Maestro
Emerald Fennell – Saltburn
Greta Gerwig – Barbie
Cord Jefferson – American Fiction
Yorgos Lanthimos – Poor Things
Alexander Payne – The Holdovers
Martin Scorsese – Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song – Past Lives
Best Actress
Carey Mulligan – Maestro as Felicia Montealegre
Emma Stone – Poor Things as Bella Baxter
Fantasia Barrino – The Color Purple as Celie Harris-Johnson
Greta Lee – Past Lives as Nora Moon
Lily Gladstone – Killers of the Flower Moon as Mollie Burkhart - WINNER
Margot Robbie – Barbie as Barbie - WINNER
Best Supporting Actress
America Ferrera – Barbie as Gloria
Danielle Brooks – The Color Purple as Sofia
Da'Vine Joy Randolph – The Holdovers as Mary Lamb - WINNER
Julianne Moore – May December as Gracie
Rachel McAdams – Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. as Barbara Simon
Viola Davis – Air as Deloris Jordan
Best Voice-Over Performance 
Hailee Steinfeld – Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as Gwen Stacy / Spider-Gwen - WINNER
Ariana DeBose – Wish as Asha
Bradley Cooper – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 as Rocket
Daniel Kaluuya – Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as Hobie Brown / Spider-Punk
Jack Black – The Super Mario Bros. Movie as Bowser
Shameik Moore – Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as Miles Morales / Spider-Man
Best Adapted Screenplay 
American Fiction – Cord Jefferson - WINNER
Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. – Kelly Fremon Craig
Killers of the Flower Moon – Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese
Oppenheimer – Christopher Nolan
Poor Things – Tony McNamara
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse – Phil Lord, Christopher Miller, and Dave Callaham
Best Animated Feature
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse - WINNER
The Boy and the Heron
Elemental
Nimona
Suzume
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem
Best Documentary Feature
Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie - WINNER
Beyond Utopia
20 Days in Mariupol
American Symphony
Little Richard: I Am Everything
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
Best First Feature
Celine Song – Past Lives - WINNER
A. V. Rockwell – A Thousand and One
Adele Lim – Joy Ride
Chloe Domont – Fair Play
Cord Jefferson – American Fiction
Michael B. Jordan – Creed III
Best International Filmmaker
Hayao Miyazaki – The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
J. A. Bayona – Society of the Snow
Jonathan Glazer – The Zone of Interest
Justine Triet – Anatomy of a Fall
Trần Anh Hùng – The Taste of Things
Wim Wenders – Perfect Days
Best International Actress
Sandra Hüller – Anatomy of a Fall as Sandra Voyter - WINNER
Alma Pöysti – Fallen Leaves as Ansa
Juliette Binoche – The Taste of Things as Eugénie
Layla Mohammadi – The Persian Version as Leila
Leonie Benesch – The Teachers' Lounge as Carla Nowak
Roberta Colindrez – Cassandro as Sabrina
 Best Original Song
'I'm Just Ken' from Barbie – Written by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt; Performed by Ryan Gosling - WINNER
'Camp Isn't Home' from Theater Camp – Written by Ben Platt, Noah Galvin, Molly Gordon, Nick Lieberman, and Mark Sonnenblick; Performed by Ben Platt, Molly Gordon, Noah Galvin, Alexander Bello, Bailee Bonick, Donovan Colan, Jack Sobolewski, Kyndra Sanchez, Luke Islam, Madisen Lora, and Quinn Titcomb
'Dance the Night' from Barbie – Written by Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, and Caroline Ailin; Performed by Dua Lipa
'Peaches' from The Super Mario Bros. Movie – Written by Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, and John Spiker; Performed by Jack Black
'This Wish' from Wish – Written by Julia Michaels, Benjamin Rice, and JP Saxe; Performed by Ariana DeBose
'What Was I Made For?' from Barbie – Written by Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell; Performed by Billie Eilish
Hailee&apos;s face looks all jacked up from the su...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group