The two of them actually go way back.
WE HAVE REACHED a point in modern political discourse where very few statements made by public figures have the ability to surprise us any more. But Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren just managed it, when she said that Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson would be her first choice of celebrity to hang out with.
During a recent conversation with Jon Favreau on Pod Save America, Warren was asked about her "dream blunt roation," which Favreau defined as "a group of people you’d hypothetically like to smoke weed with because they’d be a really fun time."
Warren was quick to clarify that she would not smoke weed with anyone, and instead switched her "dream blunt rotation" to "people you'd go get pedicures with." Favreau suggested several of Warren's fellow Democrats as options, including President Biden and Bernie Sanders, before naming The Rock.
"Oh, The Rock! Oh, I’m stopping there," Warren responded. Favreau went on to name other celebs including Taylor Swift and Snoop Dogg, but the Senator stated that she would simply choose Johnson "four times."
And while this might seem at first like the world's unlikeliest linkup, the Senator and the wrestler-turned-actor have been admirers of each other's work for the last five years or so. 
Back in 2017, it became known that Warren was a huge fan of Johnson's HBO series Ballers, and she would frequently tweet about her enjoyment of the show. "It's actually a story about hard work," Warren told Full Frontal host Samantha Bee. "It's a story about perseverance. It's a story about having to reach into yourself and find something that you're not 100% sure is there."
Johnson responded to Warren's tweets, saying: "thank you Senator for all your hard work on behalf of our country." He also promised Warren a "big Rock sized hug" should their paths ever cross in real life.
As a thank you for her support of the show, Johnson sent Warren a signed copy of the pilot episode's script, which she says inspires her to "stay ballin'", and even gave the Senator a shout-out in Season 5: one scene shows his character Spencer Strasmore reading Warren's book, This Fight Is Our Fight. 
The mutual appreciation continued in 2020, when Johnson was rumored to be planning a presidential run: while that never came to fruition, Warren said that she "would welcome him to the race." "I know he would fight for the principles that he believes in," she told Entertainment Weekly. "He’s my kind of guy!"
Philip Ellis is Sex & Relationships Editor at Men's Health, and author of the novels We Could Be Heroes and Love & Other Scams. His other work has appeared in Teen Vogue, British GQ, and The Independent.
10 Essential 'Thunderbolts' Comics for Marvel Fans
The ‘Thunderbolts*’ Credits Scenes, Explained
Yes, Joshua Jackson Is Really That Charming
The Best Star Wars Is Back With ‘Andor’ Season 2
‘The Studio’ Is 2025’s First Must-See Comedy
'Thunderbolts' Is a Throwback to Great MCU Movies
Exclusive First Look: Jensen Ackles's 'Countdown' 
The Story of the Coffee Beans in ‘The Last of Us'
‘The Last Of Us’ Jumps Forward for Season 2
Diego Luna Brings Andor Down to Earth
The Movies We Can’t Wait for in 2025
How New Yankees Voice Dave Sims Stays Sharp
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.