Shippensburg University
Shippensburg University
Saturday, May 3, 2025
Print Edition
The NFL Super Bowl is one of the most awaited and celebrated events in the American annual calendar. It is a combination of the most popular interests within the country — sports, music, military, fashion, fame, food and production. Though all of these interests are equally as important, one of the most aesthetically pleasing interests is fashionability. Obviously. 
The Super Bowl welcomes several celebrities each year who dress according to fashion trends that currently exist and their supported NFL teams. Though the spotlight seems to land on a new celebrity each year, it is intriguing to see the difference in appearances. In terms of Super Bowl LVIII, the token celebrity was none other than Taylor Swift. Nonetheless, other celebrities were in attendance including Lana Del Rey, Blake Lively and Post Malone.
When we think of the Super Bowl, we think of a timeless moment that is incredibly unaffordable. Oftentimes, we live through others who get to experience the event because we simply cannot. For example, living through social media is normalized because we simply cannot be as social media expects us to be, but we seek what we do not have. That is a rather sad fact; nevertheless, it brings us some form of joy and entertainment. 
Instead of allowing the story to become somber, let’s talk about the outfits. How do they tie into our current trends? Why do we look forward to seeing what others are dressed in? 
Taylor Swift 
Taylor Swift is dating Travis Kelce, tight end of the Kansas City Chiefs. Kelce has made quite the name for himself, as has Swift. Their romance struck many by surprise, and it continues to shock due to their commitment to intricacy. Not only did Swift kick off the Super Bowl with a casual and chic look, but Kelce has done the same for her. When her re-recorded album “1989: Taylor’s Version” was set to release, Kelce was welcomed into the stadium with a matching denim set in support of the re-release. A part of their relationship offers subliminal messages to the public, which has served them well. Swift arrived at the Super Bowl in a detailed outfit that included a black Dion Lee corset, crystal-slit jeans, bejeweled (she can still make the whole place shimmer) boots with the number 87 on them — Kelce’s jersey number — a Chiefs bomber jacket, and several pieces of jewelry that indicated her support for her tight end boyfriend. One of the pieces included a number 87 pendant in the colors red and yellow. This was an awaited look, as their relationship has taken over the internet. She knew she was going to show up. 
Lana Del Rey
Lana Del Rey is a melancholic, groundbreaking and alternative singer whom many have loved since she began her career in 2011. She has a very different style of music, and because of that, her sense of style is ultimately different from the rest. For the Super Bowl, Lana Del Rey wore a custom red leather jacket covered in vintage patches. She came to the game supporting the San Francisco 49ers, and her jacket featured gold hardware, red roses going up the right arm and other patches that revealed the 49ers logos. Lana Del Rey is simplistic, but she is also majestic. She wore a black shirt and pants with the outfit, as she wanted the jacket to be the focal point. Her makeup was done flawlessly, and her hair was in the same half-up, half-down do that it is usually in. Though she does not try very hard, she does not have to. Her soul and energy makes up for the lack of effort, and it is evident that she has more important things on her mind than having a show-stopping look. This is valuable, and it sums up her personality well.
Blake Lively 
Blake Lively, the actress who is known for her glamorous red carpet appearances, entered the stadium with Taylor Swift in a Balenciaga and Adidas collaboration red and white jumpsuit. Jumpsuits and sweat sets have become seemingly popular in recent months, which I feel is completely justifiable. While putting in minimal effort, the outfit can look respectable, pretty and — well — lively. Her outfit was accompanied with bulky, chunky and gold jewelry. Her hair was blond, curly and big. While at the Super Bowl — an evidently athletic event — the idea of a tracksuit was genius. As remarkable as it was, she was also joined by Kim Kardashian with the same outfit. Both of these women are ahead of the game in terms of trendsetting, so to see their outfits be identical was humorous to social media users. Regardless of the comedy, both of them looked fantastic. 
Post Malone
America the beautiful! As Post Malone set the stage to embark on a prideful and patriotic journey, he paid homage to the historical foundation of America in a youthful, western and nostalgic way. He arrived at the Super Bowl in a tan, suede blazer, suede Chelsea-style boots, a white under-shirt, light-washed, skinny jeans and a belt with a familiar buckle. Post Malone also wrapped a bolo tie around his neck, as these are a prominent feature of the old-American style. Several people misunderstood the message behind this outfit, but Post Malone was being his authentic self. It is very important to remember to stay on brand, and whether or not this was Posty’s regular, he was being himself — his biggest personality trait. While giving an incredible performance, he decided to focus on the national aesthetic of the United States. 
As important as the Super Bowl is, I think the most crucial area to focus on is the ability for celebrities to show themselves for who they are and become true people instead of figures. At the end of the day, only one team can win. I choose team people. 


                                                                    By Jordan Neperud




                                                                    By Jordan Neperud




                                                                    By Ian Thompson


The Slate welcomes thoughtful discussion on all of our stories, but please keep comments civil and on-topic. Read our full guidelines here.


                                4/25/2025, 3:53pm
                            



                                4/18/2025, 6:55pm
                            



                                4/17/2025, 8:16am
                            



                                4/15/2025, 12:13pm
                            

All Rights Reserved
© Copyright 2025 The Slate
Powered by  Solutions by The State News.