Enough Swifties got mad at the "Poor Things" actress for her Golden Globes crack that she's promised not to joke about her longtime friend anymore. 
Christian Holub is a writer covering comics and other geeky pop culture. He's still mad about 'Firefly' getting canceled.
 Some people can't take a joke, and they've successfully scared Emma Stone off of sarcasm. In a new interview with Variety, the star of Poor Things expressed regret for her cheeky remark about friend Taylor Swift at the Golden Globes in January.

 After Stone's Poor Things performance won the golden trophy for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy on Jan. 8, Swift could be seen loudly cheering for her from the audience. Asked about this reaction backstage that night, Stone drily quipped, "What an a--hole, am I right?"

 Some of Swift's fans apparently did not catch the sarcasm, which often has difficulty translating to the written word, and perhaps did not know that Swift and Stone are longtime friends. Their resulting offense was too much for the actress, who now promises not to make anymore such jokes.

 "I definitely won’t make a joke like that again,” Stone told Variety, “because I saw headlines that really pulled it out of context.”

 Pointing at herself, Stone said, “What a dope.”

 Whether or not these remarks were said in a sarcastic tone goes unremarked by Variety interviewer Stephen Rodrick.

 Swift has alluded to her friendship with Stone in her music. Most notably, last year's rerecorded album Speak Now (Taylor's Version) contained a new bonus song called "When Emma Falls In Love," and EW has argued that the lyrics contain clear references to Stone.

 Above, you can see a photo of the two stars smiling and embracing at the 2010 premiere of Stone's movie Easy A. Now please stop yelling at Stone for making an obvious joke about her longtime friend.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)