Musician? ✅ Producer? ✅ Songwriter? ✅ 
Jack Antonoff is truly a jack of all trades (heh)  in the music world. Like, is there anything he can't do?! Aside from being the frontman of Bleachers and a super-talented musician, he's also widely recognized for being Taylor Swift's principal producing and songwriting partner. Like, after the two joined forces on her fifth studio album 1989, it was kind of a match made in music heaven—and they've been inseparable since, fortunately for us. 
We all know Taylor makes some major $$$ thanks to her iconic Eras Tour, album sales, and endorsement deals, but Jack has also raked in a ton thanks to his hard work and talent. Just how much, you ask? Let's get into it. 
We're not even being dramatic when we say Jack was quite literally born to be a star. Early on, the producer attended Professional Children's School in Manhattan, and in November 1998, during his sophomore year in high school, he formed his first band Outline. Idk about you, but when I was a sophomore in high school, I was out here doodling my crush's name on a marble notebook, so, yah, very different origin stories. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Anyway! The band wound up splitting in 2002, and shortly after, Jack formed yet another group alongside his friend Scott Irby-Ranniar and two members of Random Task—Evan Winiker and Matthew Goldman—called Steel Train. The band ultimately scored a recording deal with Drive-Thru Records and put out a ton of hits like "Bullet" that made them a household name in music. 
Like, Steel Train even performed at numerous iconic festivals, including Bonnaroo, Lollapalooza, and Coachella. Plus, they were invited to be the musical guests on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The Late Show with David Letterman, and Conan. 
However, it wasn't until 2008 that Jack's star truly began to shine on a massive scale when Nate Ruess approached him to join forces with Andrew Dost to form the band fun. Their sophomore album in particular, "Some Nights," propelled them to international fame, and even earned critical acclaim and multiple (!!!) Grammy Award wins, including Best New Artist and Song of the Year for the track your local radio station legit wouldn't stop playing on repeat in 2011, "We Are Young," which, yes, we are fully about to listen to again right TF now bc ~nostalgia~. 
Despite Jack's hugely impressive background as a musician though, most people nowadays might recognize Jack for his work behind the scenes with other artists, which brings us to...
It's no surprise that Tay and Jack are high-key besties and together they make the most genius tracks ("Getaway Car," anyone?!), but the story of how they initially began working on music together will make you love them even more. 
Back in 2013, in the midst of beginning a one-person side project band he called Bleachers, Jack received an invitation from Taylor—who he'd collabed with to create a song for the film One Chance—to produce two tracks for her 2014 album 1989. "I’d been trying to produce for a while, but there was always some industry herb going, ‘That’s cute, but that’s not your lane,’" he recalled in a subsequent 2022 interview with the New Yorker. "Taylor was the first person with the stature to go, ‘I like the way this sounds, I’m putting it on my album’—and then, suddenly, I was allowed to be a producer."
And so, the iconic earworm tracks "Out of the Woods" and "I Wish You Would" were born! 
Does the Tom Hiddleston era really count at this point??? Help.
Alexa, play “...Ready for It?”
Correction: screaming!
Since 1989, Jack has continued to co-write and produce all of Taylor's albums from Reputation to Midnights—meaning the two have collaborated on the following projects. Ahem: 
Oh, and not to mention her forthcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department.
The Tortured Poets Department drops April 19!
"I've never had an album where I needed songwriting more than I needed it on Tortured Poets."
Okay, this kiiiiinda disputes breakup album theories.
Interesting timing!!!!!
Joe Alwyn found shaking.
Once you see these side-by-sides, you will not be the same.
"From 'london boy' to 'so long london'..."
Joe Alwyn has everything to do with April 19.
It has to do with a group chat Joe has... 👀
In addition, Jack has *also* helped the celeb with all of her re-recorded Taylor’s Version albums so far, including Fearless (Taylor’s Version), Red (Taylor’s Version), Speak Now (Taylor’s Version), and 1989 (Taylor’s Version).
And if you needed another reason to stan these two, just wait until you read about how they talk about each other. Case in point? At the 2023 MTV VMAs, Taylor called Jack "one of my best friends in the world." "He is so talented it's incomprehensible and I'm so lucky I've been making music with him since we worked on an album called 1989. We will continue working together til' 2089," she gushed. 
Jack, for his part, took his turn thanking Tay during one of his most recent wins at the 2024 Grammy Awards when he mused, "You need a door kicked open for you, and different people have done that [for me at] different points of my life. My parents when they said, 'Yeah go play music, we’re not gonna give you a hard time,' all the early bands I was in...," 
"Taylor Swift kicked that f*cking door open for me...We made a song called 'Out Of The Woods' for 1989 and when I was waiting for that call that says 'Okay, now this goes to some big name person' she said, 'Let’s mix this shit.' So, I love you to death Taylor."
Obsessed with these two!  
Thanks to his songwriting and producing prowess, Jack has collaborated with a buncha other artists, including Lorde, Lana Del Rey, and St. Vincent. He's also famously co-written Sara Bareilles' 2013 track "Brave," Olivia Rodrigo’s "Deja Vu" and "1 Step Forward, 3 Steps Back," and Rachel Platten’s "Stand by You."
TL;DR: Jack has had a hand in a sh*t ton of your fave tracks. But if you're a numbers person (can't relate), we're pleased/thoroughly impressed to report that outlets claim the musician has credits in close to a whopping 300 songs. I-con-ic.
That would be a truly eye-watering amount of $50 million. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go brush up on my GarageBand skills.
Pedro Pascal’s Net Worth Has Broken Records
P﻿atrick Schwarzenegger's $$$ Has Shocked Me
Jason Kelce’s Net Worth Is Truly Massive 
Demi Moore’s Net Worth Is Making Me Sweat
Kendrick Lamar's Net Worth Is Absolutely Stacked
Here’s How the ‘Summer House’ Salaries Work
Travis Kelce's Net Worth Is Way High, Everyone
The 411 on Beyoncé​ and Jay-Z’s Net Worth
The #1 Richest Kardashian May Surprise You...
Trevor Noah’s Net Worth Is Bigger Than Your Faves’
Selena Gomez Gets Paid So Much Per Insta Post
Keira Knightley's Net Worth Is So Massive 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.