By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:22, 22 February 2024   |  Updated:  21:19, 22 February 2024   
 56
View  comments
Katherine Ryan revealed the mortifying underwear mishap she suffered while getting ready for The Jonathan Ross Show.
The comedienne, 40, graced the orange sofa with Eddie Kadi, Noel Fielding, and Ray Winstone.
Katherine soon grossed out her sofa mates when she recounted the steps she took to get ready for the studio.
She began: 'I tried to get glammed for today and I went to the nail salon. 
'I put on some stockings and when I arrived I realised that to have a pedicure you have to go up some steps and sit high on a chair and I would have to take my stockings off and I’d forgotten to wear underwear.'
Katherine Ryan, 40, revealed the mortifying underwear mishap she suffered while getting ready for The Jonathan Ross Show on Thursday 
The comedienne, 40, graced the orange sofa with comedian Eddie Kadi (left), Noel Fielding (centre), and actor Ray Winstone
Katherine confessed: 'I realised that to have a pedicure you have to go up some steps and sit high on a chair and I would have to take my stockings off and I’d forgotten to wear underwear'
Katherine continued: 'I tried to pretend like I was wearing underwear and it was the most stressful moment of my life. I had my knees together, I was wearing a short black dress and I was holding it together. 
She finished: 'I made it through the whole pedicure and then at the very end I was coming down the steps and I slipped on the oil and my feet were spread.'
Katherine Ryan recently appeared in reality series Parental Guidance, in which she spoke to parents across the UK about their bizarre and wonderful parenting techniques. 
Speaking about her own parent, Katherine said, 'For my mum to come she has to live in and stay and I think that was stressful for my husband. It’s a window into the future of who I am definitely turning into.'
She has Violet, 13, from a previous relationship and Fred, two, and daughter Fenna, 14 months with first love Bobby Kootstra. 
Katherine has been dating Bobby 2018, but she didn't spend Valentine's Day with him or her children who she has openly admitted she puts first.
Katherine revealed: I was with Queen Camilla on Valentine’s Day. I panicked because I’ve met certain members of the Royal Family before, I’ve also joked about certain members of the Royal Family. 
'I’m nervous now because I don’t want to offend them. I know that you’re supposed to bow or curtsy but in the moment I got it wrong and I bowed like the grandest bow when I met her. But then I saw other people shaking her hand - she seems very humble. It’s a great way to spend Valentine’s.'
She has Violet, 13, from a previous relationship and Fred, two, and daughter Fenna, 14 months with first love Bobby Kootstra
Katherine made her fellow guests laugh once again when she revealed she spent Valentine's Day not with her partner of six years or her children, but with Queen Camilla
She revealed: I was with Queen Camilla on Valentine’s Day. I panicked because I’ve met certain members of the Royal Family before, I’ve also joked about certain members'
Katherine came under fire on Monday when she took to Instagram to slate Taylor Swift for her famous Celine Dion snub on Grammy night.
The Canadian comedian and actress, 40, shared a clip from her podcast - Katherine Ryan Telling Everybody Everything - to her almost one million followers on the social media platform.
In the video, Katherine empathised with it being 'a young person's mistake' (Taylor is 34) but, at the same time, emphasised that Taylor didn't just snub anyone - she snubbed Celine.
However, her fans criticised her for not supporting her fellow woman, with many expressing their disappointment in her.
The Jonathan Ross show streams Saturday at 21.35pm on ITV1 and ITVX. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group