By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:15, 22 February 2024   |  Updated:  18:04, 23 February 2024   
 52
View  comments
Miles Teller and his wife Keleigh Sperry Teller seemed to be having the time of their life while in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on Wednesday.
The married couple were on their beach vacation to celebrate The Offer actor's 37th birthday. 
The 31-year-old model looked sensational in a pink floral print bikini with white piping, a white hat and black sunglasses.
She was also seen rubbing suntan lotion on her Hollywood actor spouse as they sat on a lounge chair by the swimming pool.
Miles, who is best known for costarring with Tom Cruise in Top Gun: Maverick, wore swim shorts, a blue cap and sunglasses with a gold chain around his neck.
This comes after the pair partied with their good friend Taylor Swift during the Super Bowl in Las Vegas earlier this month as the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the San Francisco 49ers. 
Miles Teller and his wife Keleigh Sperry Teller looked to be having the time of their life while in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on Wednesday
The married couple were on their beach vacation to celebrate The Offer actor's 37th birthday. The 31-year-old model looked sensational in a pink floral print bikini with white piping, a white hat and black sunglasses. She was also seen rubbing suntan lotion on her Hollywood actor spouse as they sat on a lounge chair by the swimming pool
The super star couple also took to social media to share images from their trip south of the border.
He was seen shirt-free in a photo with his beautiful wife in a pool surrounded by lush, tropical landscaping.
Keleigh is also seen kissing the side of her husband's head while looking into the camera held by Miles with one hand. 
She had on a plunging blue swimsuit with layers of good jewelry and a gold watch as well as a cross pendant around her neck as she wore her hair down.
Miles has one hand thrown over the opposite shoulder while the other snaps the selfie.
The Fantastic 4 actor wore black sunglasses and had a serene, closed-mouth smile on his face. 
Both of them shared the snap to their social media accounts. Miles posted it on X (formerly Twitter) with two heart emojis as the caption.
Keleigh posted it in her Instagram Stories.
The post comes after Keleigh paid tribute to her husband of four-and-a-half years on his 37th birthday.
Miles, who is best known for costarring with Tom Cruise in Top Gun: Maverick, wore swim shorts, a blue cap and sunglasses with a gold chain around his neck
The Top Gun: Maverick was seen in a photo with his beautiful wife in a pool surrounded by lush, tropical landscaping on X (formerly Twitter) while Keleigh shared it on Instagram
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Victoria celebrates David Beckham's 50th in heart-warming post
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Victoria Beckham shares sweet vid with David on 50th birthday eve
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
Victoria Beckham snubs Spice Girls reunion tour over former manager
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
JoJo Siwa reveals unaired clash with Mickey Rourke that made her break
Trailer of the 'disturbing' new horror film Crimes of the Future
Christine McGuinness shows off her incredible figure
She shared eight photos and two short video clips and captioned the post: 'Happy 37th birthday to my Phila-Florida-jersey- boy, you hung the moon.'
She added, 'Keep on flying, I’ll stand by and watch you shine forever. Go birds!'
The post started out with a strip of photo booth photos of Teller making goofy faces and the next was him holding a grey French Bulldog.
The third snap was of Miles in a 1993 Philadelphia Phillies World Series t-shirt while the next one was of him holding a toddler.
Keleigh shared a black and white shot of the couple looking glamorous followed by a short video clip of Miles walking backwards while holding the French Bulldog and a Bud Light that was on a loop.
She shared several flashback photos of her husband to wish him a happy 37th birthday; here he is seen on a lake 
This penultimate photo showed the couple relaxing in crystal clear blue water in inner tubes with a mountain in the background
They were also seen kissing while holding glasses of white wine while on a boat; this image was shared on Valentine's Day
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Victoria celebrates David Beckham's 50th in heart-warming post
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Victoria Beckham shares sweet vid with David on 50th birthday eve
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
Victoria Beckham snubs Spice Girls reunion tour over former manager
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
JoJo Siwa reveals unaired clash with Mickey Rourke that made her break
Trailer of the 'disturbing' new horror film Crimes of the Future
Christine McGuinness shows off her incredible figure
She sat on the couch in a hoodie and jeans also holding a Bud Light.
The next video clip was of Miles water skiing like an expert at an idyllic looking lake.
The penultimate photo showed the couple relaxing in crystal clear blue water in inner tubes with a mountain in the background.
The final photo is a sweet shot of them on their wedding day on Maui which was shot from behind while Miles leaned over to plant a kiss on his then brand new wife's head.
The Tellers are seen here with Donna Kelce, Ice Spice, Taylor Swift and Blake Lively at the Kansas City Chiefs win at the Super Bowl LVIII at Allegiant Stadium on February 11 in Las Vegas
Thank God for a normal pair of bikini bottoms, rat...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group