Dan Dymtrow (Photo: Anna Webber) & Jamie Sudhalter (Photo: Meredith Truax)
Talent management company The Core Entertainment has announced the expansion of its team with the appointment of Dan Dymtrow as General Manager and Jamie Sudhalter as Senior Director of A&R.
“We are so excited to welcome Dan and Jamie to our team at The Core Entertainment. Their enthusiasm, expertise and passion for discovering and developing talent align perfectly with our vision,” shares Co-Founders Kevin “Chief” Zaruk and Simon Tikhman. “We know they will play integral roles in driving our company into the future and we look forward to achieving new heights together.”
Dymtrow brings over 20 years of management and executive experience. He has worked with global superstars including Britney Spears, Avril Lavigne, Aerosmith, Taylor Swift, Noah Cyrus and more. Dymtrow joins The Core Entertainment team after serving as Executive Manager at Maverick Management and Head of Music at Curio. In this new role, he will be responsible for overseeing all operations, including artist management, content creation, live events and partnerships.
“Throughout my career, guiding artists’ development has been paramount, and supporting the next generation of managers is incredibly important to me,” shares Dymtrow. “I’m excited to be in this GM role alongside respected colleagues like Chief Zaruk and Simon Tikhman. I’m inspired by their achievements and eager to collaborate closely with them to advance The Core’s objectives for our team and artists.”
With more than a decade of experience, Sudhalter also brings a wealth of knowledge to the company. The Vanderbilt University graduate has worked on projects for Hailee Steinfeld, AJR, Lyn Lapid and BoyWithUke, among others. Sudhalter most recently served as Senior Director of A&R at Mercury Records and signed U.K. artist Mae Stephens, who earned an RIAA Gold certification in January. In her new position, she will play a vital role in identifying new talent to build a strong and diverse roster.
“Simon and Chief are two of the most humble, innovative and well-respected people in the industry. I couldn’t be more grateful to them for taking a chance on me and welcoming me with open arms onto the amazing team they have cultivated,” shares Sudhalter. “Joining this team and their dynamic roster marks a significant milestone in my career, and I’m excited to have the opportunity to contribute to the company’s mission of fostering artistic growth and development.”