Manage your account
Like most Swifties, Gayle couldn’t help but gush about Taylor Swift several times during a recent conversation about music.
While speaking to Interview in a Wednesday (Feb. 21) Q&A, the 19-year-old singer-songwriter – who opened for Swift during several Eras Tour stops in North America last year – shared that she thinks the “Anti-Hero” singer is the undeniable Queen of Pop.
More from Billboard
Gayle Says Opening for Taylor Swift Was the ‘Most Amazing Thing in the Whole Entire World’
Selena Gomez Turns Her 'Love On' for New Song & Video: Stream It Now
Kelly Clarkson Fesses Up on Chris Stapleton's 'I Was Wrong' Kellyoke Cover: Watch
“Taylor Swift is the queen of everything,” Gayle told the publication, noting that the 14-time Grammy winner was her top artist of 2023.
The “Abcdefu” musician also revealed that a song she wishes she wrote is the 34-year-old pop star’s 2014 hit “Wildest Dreams,” and opened up about the turmoil of choosing a favorite Swift era. “Reputation and Folklore are constantly fighting each other in my heart — but also, 1989,” she said.
Gayle is fresh off the Valentine’s Day release of her new single with Royal & the Serpent, “Kinda Smacks.” In addition to supporting Swift’s trek, the Nashville artist also opened for P!nk’s Summer Carnival run last year before embarking on her own Scared But Trying headlining tour. This summer, she’ll reunite with the “So What” singer for a string of shows in Europe.
In December, Gayle opened up about how she signed on to the Eras Tour after meeting her idol for the first time. “[Swift] was like, ‘What are you doing next year?’ I was so nervous,” she recalled in an interview with NBC News Now. “I was like, ‘Yes, ma’am, I’m doing music next year.’”
“And she’s like, ‘OK, do you tour?’ I was like, ‘Yes, ma’am, I tour,’” Gayle continued. “And then she was like, ‘Well, do you open up for people?’ And I don’t know why I said this, […] I was like, ‘I open up for people who ask me to open up for them.’”
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart