The Kansas City Chiefs shared a post on social media about a “new” Tyler Hynes and Janel Parrish movie that quickly went viral. Since the post they shared is about a movie that doesn’t actually exist, it sparked a lot of questions from fans wanting an explanation. As it turns out, Parrish and Hynes did film a short, funny “movie trailer” for the Chiefs.
The Kansas City Chiefs shared what appeared to be a spoof Hallmark movie poster featuring Tyler Hynes and Janel Parrish, but some fans on social media weren’t quite so sure it was a joke. The poster was shared on all the team’s social media channels, including Instagram, X (Twitter), and Facebook.
A post shared by Kansas City Chiefs (@chiefs)
The account wrote: “‘Tis the postseason, and it ain’t a holiday without a little made-for-TV movie magic. Coming soon ?.”
The poster features Hynes and Parrish and reads “Falling for Football” with the tagline “Coming Soon to a Stadium Near You.” It reads “Wed. January 10” at the bottom of the poster, which is the day after the post was made.
The cast list on the poster includes Parrish, Hynes, Donna Kelce (Travis Kelce’s mother), Creed Humphrey, Trey Smith, Tommy Townsend, Dante Hall, Mitch Holthus, KC Wolf, Melissa Etheridge, Tech N9ne, Kameron Marlow, Kimmi Chex, and Rob Riggle.
Hallmark fans will quickly recognize that Hynes and Parrish just starred in a Christmas movie together called “Never Been Chris’d,” which may have served as the inspiration for this movie poster. The ongoing viral romance between Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift might have inspired the poster too.
But the real inspiration was revealed a few hours later, when the Chiefs shared a new post featuring Hynes and Parrish. (Hynes later reshared a version of it on his Instagram story.) The Chiefs revealed a short trailer that Hynes and Parrish filmed. It’s a funny love story about Parrish, Hynes, and football. You can watch it below.
A post shared by Kansas City Chiefs (@chiefs)
Hynes commented on the post: “It’s me. Hi. I’m the problem it’s me. ?”
The next day, a longer 2:50 minute version of the trailer was posted.
Hynes liked the Chiefs’ initial movie poster on Instagram, but didn’t comment further about it until later, when the trailer was revealed. At first, he simply reshared on his Instagram stories some posts from fans about the Chiefs’ movie poster. One was from a fan writing “Oh my goddddd @janelparrish and @tyler_hynes hmmm hmmm” and another was from a fan sharing the poster and just writing “?.” He also shared one from a fan writing, “Umm can’t wait to see what this is about?”
Parrish also shared the post on her Instagram story and tagged Hynes and the Chiefs.
Donna Kelce, the mother of Chiefs’ tight end Travis Kelce, shared two Instagram stories about the post. In one story she shared a picture of herself waving at the camera, wearing a nametag that says “Donna,” and wrote “my acting debut ?.”
Her part wasn’t seen in the trailer, so it’s possible there will still be more to come.
In the initial replies to the movie poster, fans weren’t sure if they should take the poster seriously or not.
One person replied, “What the what??? @tyler_hynes please explain yourself ?.”
Another person wrote, “Help I can’t decipher what are and are not jokes anymore.”
A Chiefs fan joked, “If this isn’t the true story of Taylor and Travis, I’m out. ?”
Another fan joked, “When’s the watch party?!! ?? @tyler_hynes.”
A partial explanation can be found in a Chiefs video shared earlier the same day, where the Chiefs joke that the postseason playoff game “may not be a holiday, but we’ll treat it like one.” The video goes on to share, “Valentine’s Day is jealous of the love story we have…”
Hynes replied to that video, which was shared before his spoof movie poster, writing: “??✨.”
One fan replied, “as if I couldn’t love you more!!! A Chief’s fan ❤️❤️❤️ love it, Let’s GO…And by far you are my most Favorite actor that’s for sure!!!!!”
A few hours later, the Chiefs added the spoof movie poster with Hynes and Parrish.
If you’re wanting to watch a Hallmark football movie, the network recently premiered one in September, but it didn’t star Hynes and Parrish. It was called “Fourth Down and Love” and starred Ryan Paevey and Pascale Hutton.
Hallmark also aired a football romance movie in 2015 called “Love on the Sidelines” starring Emily Kinney and John Reardon.
Previous
Next
About
Contact US
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Editorial Guidelines
Sitemap
Copyright © 2025 Heavy, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress VIP