PUPILS from Inverkeithing High School have showcased their entrepreneurial spirit at the Mercat Shopping Centre. 


  With help and guidance from their teacher, Mr Gilchrist, the S5/6 pupils sold their range of music-inspired t-shirts at the shopping centre as a part of the Young Enterprise Initiative. 


  This programme offers them the unique opportunity to run their own business and hone essential skills. 


  Managing director, Jonathan, was thrilled to lead his peers in this exciting venture.


  He said: "It's been an incredible experience guiding our team through the challenges of running a business.


  "I've learned so much about leadership, teamwork, and the power of creativity. It's truly been a rewarding journey."


  From managing finances to marketing their products, the teenagers have gained invaluable skills that extend far beyond the classroom.


  Their participation in the Young Enterprise initiative exemplifies their dedication to personal and professional growth.


  The team took to Mercat Shopping Centre on Saturday, February 10, to showcase their talents and creativity. It was a successful event run by Young Enterprise and the youngsters were delighted to sell a number of t-shirts that were inspired by the likes of Taylor Swift and Frank Ocean. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.