Taylor Swift tickets are easier to get than an NHS dental appointment, an MP says, as she describes how some of her constituents are suicidal due to the struggle to access treatment.

          Political reporter
              @fayebrownSky

Wednesday 10 January 2024 14:45, UK
Taylor Swift tickets are easier to get than an NHS dental appointment, ministers have been told, as they were urged to grasp the scale of the crisis in access to care.
MPs aired their concerns during a Labour-led Commons debate about constituents having to seek private care and carry out "Dickensian" DIY dentistry.
Ashley Dalton, the Labour MP for West Lancashire, said: "It's easier to get your hands on Taylor Swift tickets in 2024, than it is to get an NHS dental appointment."
Politics Live: Post Office scandal announcement expected from PM
The US pop singer's international Eras tour will see her visit venues across the UK this year in a series of sold out events which were hotly-contested by fans.
Speaking in the Commons, Ms Dalton also said some of her constituents have been left feeling suicidal because they cannot access dental treatment.
The Labour MP said: "Under this government, we have arrived at a now dismal state of NHS dentistry services.
"A member of the public contacted Healthwatch Lancashire recently, reporting that they're in so much pain that they're now feeling suicidal."
Former health minister Steve Brine, who chairs the Commons Health Select Committee, meanwhile urged ministers to come forward with a promised plan aimed at helping dentistry recover from the pandemic.
He said: "There is still no date for the publication of (the) dental recovery plan - to my committee's continued frustration, it has to be said.
"If we don't solve this crisis, then we are going to continue to hear about this in the House and we are going to continue to hear about it from constituents. It also places additional pressures on already-stretched NHS services.
"So, today is too late for some dentists thinking of leaving, and for some patients who have run out of options... there can't be any further delay."
Health minister Dame Andrea Leadsom called on MPs to be "patient just a little while longer", and said they could expect the plan to be published "very shortly".
But the British Dental Association was unhappy with the lack of action from ministers.
Its chairman Eddie Crouch said in a statement: "Today, when we needed clarity, the government provided a full gamut of platitudes and half-truths.
"Ministers keep saying they want an NHS dentist for everyone. There is still no evidence of any plan to make that happen."
Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player
Last summer a report found people across the UK have had to pull their own teeth out because they cannot access or afford an NHS dentist.
Separate figures published in April showed that only 44% of children saw a dentist in the past year in England, while there are as many as 3,000 people per NHS dentist in some areas.
Sky News has spoken to people who have resorted to desperate measures to stop tooth pain, including attempting to take a tooth out with a knife.
Read more:NHS dentistry 'will die' leaving patients' with 'no options'When could the next general election be?
The Labour Party has pledged to bring in supervised toothbrushing at schools as well as an extra 700,00 dentist appointments if it wins the next election.
Opening the debate on Tuesday, shadow health secretary Wes Streeting claimed the government had left the country "toothless" as a result of the crisis.
He also fired a warning shot towards opponents of Labour's plans to fund the dental reform by scrapping the non-domiciled tax status, claiming that the party would "quote their arguments back at them" in campaign leaflets during a likely election year.
Be the first to get Breaking News
Install the Sky News app for free
A Labour motion signed by Mr Streeting had urged the government to adopt their proposals, including creating incentives to recruit dentists into underserved areas.
It was rejected, with MPs voting 299 to 191, majority 108, against it.
Anyone feeling emotionally distressed or suicidal can call Samaritans for help on 116 123 or email jo@samaritans.org in the UK. In the US, call the Samaritans branch in your area or 1 (800) 273-TALK.