By PADRAIG COLLINS and KYLIE STEVENS and TITA SMITH FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  14:15, 22 February 2024   |  Updated:  21:51, 22 February 2024   
The police officer who cops want to speak to following the grisly disappearance of his TV star ex and flight attendant partner was once a blogger who followed Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian and Selena Gomez.
Constable Beau Lamarre was seen last week following Kourtney Kardashian behind the wheel of a grey Tesla near Rose Bay, in Sydney's east - and even managed to grab a snap with her and Travis Barker.
Mr Lamarre is now at the centre of an unfolding tragedy after his ex-boyfriend and former Channel Ten presenter Jesse Baird, 26, disappeared, along with Mr Baird's Qantas flight attendant partner Luke Davies, 29.
The couple's bloodstained clothes were found dumped in a Cronulla skip bin on Wednesday and Mr Baird's blood-splattered home 30km away in the upmarket Sydney suburb of Paddington has been declared a crime scene.
Police are looking to speak to any of the couple's former partners and have not been able to track down Mr Lamarre, whose phone was switched off on Thursday night. 
Police late last night raided a home in Balmain which is believed to be linked to Mr Lamarre and seized a number of items. 
Constable Beau Lamarre takes a selfie with Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker last week
Mr Lamarre's former boyfriend Jesse Baird is pictured with his current partner Luke Davies at Pink's concert in Sydney two weeks ago
Constable Beau Lamarre is pictured in his New South Wales police uniform 
NSW Police Constable Beau Lamarre is pictured with Taylor Swift. He has now vanished, as has his ex-boyfriend and that man's partner
Luke Davies (right) recently moved to Sydney for work. Both he and his partner Jesse Baird are now missing
It's understood that Mr Lamarre, who reportedly deleted his Instagram account in recent days and is on sick leave, may be able to assist police with their inquiries. 
Relatives of Mr Baird say he and Mr Lamarre had a 'bitter' break up and one of the missing couple told family that they thought they were being stalked in recent weeks.
It's all a far cry from the police officer's old life interviewing Hollywood elites on the Golden Globes red carpet, meeting Lady Gaga and flying first class.
The first of Mr Lamarre's many brushes with fame came when he met Lady Gaga at a 2014 concert, and came out as gay that night by throwing a note he on stage to her.
She read out the letter, revealing his sexuality, to her 15,000-strong audience and he was taken backstage by Lady Gaga after the show.
'She came out for me,' the celeb-chaser later said in a radio interview.
After enjoying his moment in the sun, Mr Lamarre, who grew up in the Sutherland Shire, went onto take selfies with famous faces such as Taylor Swift, Harry Styles and Russell Crowe. 
But his ability to make headlines did not leave him when he joined the police, following in the footsteps of his mother who was a senior officer. 
Just a year into the job, a video emerged of Mr Lamarre tasering a man during a dramatic arrest in Darlinghurst went viral. 
He was later cleared by an internal investigation of any wrongdoing.
Mr Lamarre is pictured with Kim Kardashian. He was seen last week following her sister Kourtney in Sydney 
Beau Lamarre (right) was once a celebrity blogger who rubbed shoulders with the likes of Selena Gomez (left)
Mr Lamarre (left) is pictured with New Zealand pop singer Lorde (right)
He met Lady Gaga (pictured) at a 2014 concert, and came out as gay that night through a note he threw on stage to her
Jesse Baird and Luke Davies are pictured. Police hold grave fears for their safety
Mr Baird and Mr Davies went missing from the TV producer's $3million rental home in Paddington.
Mr Davies, 29, was with Mr Baird, 26, on Monday but the pair then vanished and Mr Davies' family have been unable to contact him.
CCTV footage of the couple's last known whereabout shows them entering Mr Baird's home late on Monday night.
The men were captured wandering outside before heading towards the back of the terrace. A white van is then seen driving nearby. Neither of the pair have been seen since, however Mr Baird's phone appeared to be active on WhatsApp on Tuesday evening.
A manhunt was launched after a pile of the couple's bloodied clothes was found in a large skip bin in the centre of Cronulla in Sydney's south at around 11am on Wednesday.
Police then raced to Mr Baird's home in Paddington, where they found a 'large amount of blood' and bloodstained furniture.
'Following inquiries, detectives are looking at a line of inquiry that a third person may be able to assist with the investigation,' a police statement read on Thursday night.
'Police are currently trying to locate him. Detectives will continue to look at all past relationships and associations.'
Beau Lamarre (left) is pictured with English pop star Harry Styles (right)
Lamarre started his own blog and interviewed a bevy of A-listers at the 2016 Golden Globes in LA. Pictured with Russell Crowe 
Mr Lamarre (right) is pictured with pop singer Dua Lipa (left)
 Lamarre began documenting his lavish lifestyle. He was seen travelling either in first-class or on private jets donning luxury labels and carrying Louis Vuitton leather luggage
Neighbours near Mr Baird's rented Paddington home heard an argument early on Monday morning but that wasn't reported to police until they began canvassing the scene two days later.
Police say they're not excluding any lines of inquiry, but they now hold grave fears for both men.
Mr Davies' home in Waterloo in Sydney's inner-south was also found to be empty.
Daily Mail Australia can reveal that the pair were partying in the Beresford club in Surry Hills on Sunday.
Just 48 hours later, both men would be the subject of a major police manhunt after their 'suspicious disappearance'.
Police have launched an intense investigation in the neighbourhood around the home on Brown St, Paddington, (pictured) with neighbours questioned for any possible clues
NSW police, detectives and forensic investigators are seen at a home in Paddington, Sydney, Thursday, February 22, 2024
Police officers are seen outside former Channel 10 star Jesse Baird's home in Sydney
Luke Davies, 29, who disappeared from Sydney's eastern suburbs is pictured
Detective Superintendent Jodi Radmore, Commander of Eastern Suburbs PAC, begged either of the men to make contact.
When asked if a third person could have been involved in the men's disappearances, she said that the 'primary line of inquiry' was finding the missing men.
'There has been some sort of incident which has more than likely happened at the Paddington address and that has given us grave concerns for one, possibly both,' she said.
'It's very early stages in the investigation. We are still processing the Paddington address. All lines of enquiry are open.'
Credit cards, wallets, a mobile phone and a $8,000 watch were found among the bloodied clothes in the skip in Cronulla.
Three cars belonging to the men have also been seized. Their bank accounts haven't been touched since the weekend.
But Mr Baird's bloodstained home has sparked serious concern for their fate, she said, admitting there was sufficient blood to believe at least one had suffered a 'significant injury'.
It was revealed on Thursday night that the AFL has been caught up in the men's disappearance.
Mr Baird is also an AFL goal umpire who had been appointed to officiate a practice match between the Sydney Swans and Greater Western Sydney Giants game on Thursday.
The AFL confirmed that it contacted his family on Thursday after Mr Baird failed to show up to officiate the match.
Mr Davies last updated his social media five days ago with a series of photographs on Instagram of himself in the mountains around Vancouver in Canada.
Mr Davies grew up in Brisbane and recently moved to Sydney for work, according to friends.
Constable Lamarre was filmed tasering Kris Bradshaw in Paddington, Sydney (pictured) 
Qantas flight attendant Maddison Bradley - Mr Davies' best friend - said he was 'dearly adored'.
'I hope we find him. He is such a sweet soul!' she told Daily Mail Australia.
On February 18, Mr Baird posted pictures of him and Mr Davies together at Pink's concert in Sydney two weeks ago.
After three years with Studio 10, Mr Baird left his producer/presenter role with the show in January when it was axed by the network late last year.
He had previously worked as a producer/presenter with Ten's Totally Wild! show for four years as well as a seven-month stint hosting Gamify! for the network in 2019.
On Thursday, Totally Wild's Ranger Stacey Thompson said she was stunned.
'I'm shocked actually,' she told Daily Mail Australia. 'I worked with Jesse for a few years and we sat across from one another in the TW office.
'He was a lovely work friend, always professional and keen to learn. I prefer not to comment further at this time, until more details come to light.'
Mr Baird's life of mixing with stars through his TV career was very familiar to Mr Lamarre's previous life of interviewing celebrities and documenting his lavish lifestyle.
He was seen travelling either in first-class or on private jets donning luxury labels and carrying Louis Vuitton leather luggage.
After entering the property, officers immediately established a crime scene
Qantas flight attendant Maddison Bradley (pictured with best friend Luke Davies) said he was 'dearly adored'
In 2016 he made an unexpected appearance at the Golden Globes in Los Angeles.
He was pictured chatting to A-listers including Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling in pre-show interviews on the red carpet.
Mr Lamarre has also been photographed with many other stars from the worlds of film, television and music. 
Now the people most desperate to find him, and Mr Baird and Mr Davies, are his fellow officers in the New South Wales police force. 
The manhunt was launched a pile of the couple's bloodied clothes were found 30km away in a large skip bin behind Club Cronulla, in Sydney's Sutherland Shire around 11am on Wednesday
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group