ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 14: Beyoncé accepts the Best Rap Performance award for 'Savage' ... More onstage during the 63rd Annual GRAMMY Awards at Los Angeles Convention Center on March 14, 2021 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
For the first time in her career, Beyoncé claims the No. 1 country song in America. The singer-songwriter debuts her new single “Texas Hold ‘Em” atop the Hot Country Songs chart, which ranks the most-consumed tunes in that genre in the nation each week. As her latest smash arrives, Queen Bey makes history and manages a feat that only one other woman has accomplished before–and it’s a star she knows very well.
Beyoncé is just the second woman to debut a solo single at No. 1 on the Hot Country Songs chart. The only other female who has managed to do so is none other than Taylor Swift.
That superstar singer broke down barriers when she debuted a tune atop the Hot Country Songs chart, becoming the first solo woman to do so. She first opened a tune in first place–“Love Story (Taylor’s Version)”—back in early 2021.
Swift then matched her own feat, as she became the first solo female musician to debut more than one track at No. 1 on the Hot Country Songs chart just a few months after she first managed this showing. By the end of 2021, her single “All Too Well (Taylor’s Version)” also launched as high as a title can climb on the tally.
According to Billboard, “Texas Hold ‘Em” is just the sixteenth song to debut at No. 1 on the Hot Country Songs chart. That’s a very small sum, especially for one of the company’s genre-specific lists. To put that figure into perspective, there have now been 75 No. 1 starts on the Hot 100, which is the most competitive music chart in America, so it’s much rarer for a country tune to do so than those that are classified as other styles.
“Texas Hold ‘Em” debuts at No. 1 on the Hot Country Songs chart thanks largely to a very healthy sales sum. The tune opens on the Billboard rankings with 39,000 copies sold. That’s enough to send her cut to the highest space on both the Digital Song Sales and Country Digital Song Sales rankings. The single also begins its time on the Hot 100 in the runner-up rung.