Manage your account
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift didn’t waste any time doing some classic couple stuff ahead of the singer’s upcoming run of Eras Tour shows in Sydney, Australia. According to News.com.au, after the Kansas City Chiefs tight end landed down under on Wednesday, he and Swift took a trip to the Sydney Zoo on Thursday (Feb. 22).
The news outlet dubbed it Swift’s “favourite hotspot,” reporting that it was the second day in a row that the “Karma” singer had visited the animal park. The couple reportedly got a private tour and fed kangaroos during their visit, taking selfies along the way as they held hands and walked around the zoo arm-in-arm.
More from Billboard
Travis Kelce Lands in Australia for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour
Creepy Nuts' 'Bling-Bang-Bang-Born' Holds for Fourth Week at No. 1 on Japan Hot 100
J. Cole Previews New Song in Big As the What? Tour Vlog
Cameras spotted Kelce getting off a private jet the day before, marking the second time the three-time Super Bowl champ has hopped on a plane to go see Swift on her globe-hopping Eras Tour. Swift is slated to play four dates at Sydney’s Accor Stadium beginning on Friday (Feb. 23) through Monday (Feb. 26), with Sabrina Carpenter slated to open the gigs.
According to the Australian news site’s report, Swift visited the city’s Olympic stadium on Wednesday for a sound check ahead of Friday’s kick-off gig, which may be marred by some predicted foul weather. The site said that “heavy hail” is in the forecast for Friday night, with showers and storms predicted amid “scorching hot weather” in the city over the weekend.
The global trip by Kelce is the mirror image of one Swift took two weeks ago when she flew from Tokyo to Las Vegas to support her boyfriend when the Chiefs played the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl LVIII on Feb. 11. In a testament to the massive frequent flier miles the long distance couple are likely to wrack up over the next year, in November, Kelce flew to Buenos Aires, Argentina to take in one of Swift’s Eras Tour gigs.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart