With State Patty’s Weekend quickly approaching, time is running out to hunt down your green fits. Downtown State College is the perfect place to piece together your wardrobe for the weekend.
All within a couple of blocks, there is a wide variety of options and everyone should be able to find at least one thing that suits their fancy.
We decided to rank the State Patty’s merch downtown stores have to offer to make your hunt as quick and easy as possible. 
The downtown Student Book Store is slacking with its selection. They had one decent, but boring design for t-shirts and long-sleeved shirts. The only thing we liked here was the tacky Happy Valley socks. They had one other women’s shirt, not specifically State Patty’s, but green, which could have some DIY potential if you’re feeling crafty.
We weren’t impressed with Rapid Transit Sports’ selection either but were happily surprised to see it participating in the festivities. It had the same design on three different styles: a t-shirt, a baseball tee, and a hoodie. It’s nothing special, but it wasn’t as crowded as some of the other places and would work in a pinch.
Connections barely had anything except a couple of different green puffer coats and vests. That alone puts it high on the ranking because it provides outerwear options to stay warm and also on theme.
Metro has a limited selection that isn’t specifically State Patty’s, but the pieces they have are very trendy. They have tops and pants that could be paired together to make some cute outfits, which they have displayed on their mannequins in the window. Definitely for the girls.
Lion & Cub had a decent selection of multiple designs on t-shirts, long-sleeves, crewnecks, and hoodies. Some of the designs we liked better than others, but there are plenty of options to fit different preferences. You can also find a small selection of accessories here to complete your outfit.
Family Clothesline has the second-largest selection of State Patty’s Day merch. It has super basic and simple options and some unique and trendy choices. One shirt even nods to Taylor Swift’s “Eras” tour. You can find shirts, sweatshirts, and accessories to build up your outfit, and there are enough options for anyone to find something that will work for them. 
McLanahan’s takes the cake for the most variety and is definitely “college student budget” approved. It has everything from green-pointed ears to green, plaid lounge pants. It has a wide variety of designs in a couple of different styles, including sweatshirts, which might be the way to go based on the weather forecast for the weekend. If you’re feeling confident, pick up some of its tacky accessory options to rock this weekend.
There is something for everyone, so stop downtown to get decked out!
Please choose an option below.
Abby is a junior public relations major from Lancaster, PA, but she lived in State College most of her life. She enjoys mindlessly scrolling on social media, usually Tik Tok, and rewatching Criminal Minds over and over again. You can contact Abby on instagram @abbyeneely.
“What’s funny to me is that after spending so much time telling other people’s stories, I conclude my time here by writing about my own.”
Gates will open at 3:30 p.m., and admission is free for students with valid identification. 
If you bat .300, you’ll be in the Hall of Fame. What about .478?
Δ
The Pi Sigma chapter had its charter revoked by its national organization after hazing violations in 2018. 
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State