Fans are growing impatient for the Glastonbury 2024 line-up announcement and it seems artists might be too.
There have been months of rumours and speculation about who will be heading to Worthy Farm in 2024, after Elton John, Guns 'N' Roses and Arctic Monkeys headline the iconic Pyramid stage last year. It's not yet known who will follow in the footsteps of the likes of Paul MCartney, Beyonce and Adele, as no official announcements have come from organisers Michael and Emily Eavis yet.
However, as fans grow frustrated, Liam Gallagher has seemingly "self confirmed" he'll be playing the festival alongside Stone Roses' icon John Squire. One fan asked him on X, formerly known as Twitter: "Will we see you and Squire at Glastonbury this summer LG?". But Manchester legend Liam is never one to sugarcoat things and responded by saying: "Yeah."
READ MORE: Taylor Swift fans 'gutted' after spotting Glastonbury problem
READ MORE:'My life completely changed in the middle of Elton John's Glastonbury set'
One fan replied: "Liam, do you ever get in trouble, like maybe with the guru, for giving out info too early to us?" As a second penned: "OMG reeeeeaaaallyy?!" "See u at Glastonbury on sea Liam," said a third. Meanwhile, a fourth excited follower penned: "C'maaaannnnn!!!!!!"
Liam Gallagher's attendance as a performer has not yet been confirmed and there is the chance he is joking. However, his announcement comes after he and John Squire teamed up for their debut studio album together, following the success of their single, Just Another Rainbow, released last month.
Without any official announcement from the festival, this is the longest time fans have waited in 17 years for news about performers. Fan account on Twitter @TheGlastoThingy shared a list of the last 20 years’ worth of festivals and when the first headliner was announced.
According to his post, the public have officially been waiting the longest amount of time since 2007, when The Killers were announced, on February 17, four months before the festival. The longest wait for act announcements occurred in 2002, when the full line-up was only revealed just 10 days before the festival on June 19. That year the festival took place between June 28 and 30.
Founder and organiser Michael Eavis and his daughter Emily are famously tight lipped about the planning of the festival ahead of the line-up announcement. Rumours on who will take to the stage start to circulate as early as a full year before the festival.
However last year, Emily touched on early rumours and confirmed they're frequently untrue. Writing on her own X account, formerly known as Twitter, she said: "As always, there is much speculation and excitement about who is playing next year at Glastonbury.
"We are working on the line-up day and night at the moment, but it's still changing every day. The story about our confirmed headliners is untrue." She added: "As always, we love your enthusiasm and guesswork – but accurate news on headliners will be with you sometime in the new year!"
Jet2 has launched new trips from Liverpool John Lennon Airport
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.