Travis Kelce is officially back in Sin City, according to People.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, appears to have landed in Las Vegas Saturday close to 11:30 a.m. local time after traveling for more than 13 hours, according to online flight records.
Kelce departed Sydney after a short two-day trip to see girlfriend Taylor Swift on Saturday at around 12:22 p.m. local time in Australia, per the records.
He remained on the plane for about nine hours before arriving at Daniel K. International Airport in Hawaii, and then jet-set off again for more than four hours in order to reach his final destination in Nevada.
Page Six confirmed Friday Kelce was headed back to the US to reunite with Patrick Mahomes and the rest of him team to continue celebrating their Super Bowl 2024 win against the San Francisco 49ers.
Swift had to stay behind as she has two more shows scheduled in Sydney on Sunday and Monday, and she will then continue the international leg of her Eras Tour in Singapore.
However, the Grammy winner and her NFL star beau appeared to have a great time together Down Under despite their meetup being cut short because of previous commitments.
Earlier this week, they enjoyed a fun date at the Sydney Zoo together, where Swift held hands with Kelce and sweetly encouraged her boyfriend’s pal Ross Travis to feed meat on a stick to a lion.
Once it was time for her to hit the stage at Accor Stadium on Friday evening, Kelce was there to support the pop superstar and seemed in good spirits as he high-fived fans and gave out guitar picks.
Swift, for her part, made the “Catching Kelce” alum feel special at her show by again changing the lyric to her song “Karma” to honor him and pointing at him when she sang, “That’s my man” during “Willow.”
The pair was then seen sharing a sweet kiss after the concert as fans gushed and cheered them on.
During Kelce’s quick trip, the couple stayed in Swift’s $25,000-per-night presidential suite at the five-star Crown Sydney hotel, where the Super Bowl champ was seen admiring the city views at one point.
For more Page Six you love…
Kelce flew into Sydney on Thursday morning local time from Las Vegas, where he played a round of golf at the Wynn Las Vegas.
Although the pro football player is based primarily in Kansas City, Mo., where he owns a $6 million mansion, it appears he won’t be back at his home base for some time.
Per TMZ, Kelce and his teammates have another round of partying scheduled in Sin City, two weeks after they rang in their NFL championship victory with star-studded parties, for which Swift was present — and even accidentally brought her parents to tag along.
The White House has reportedly also invited the Chiefs to Washington, DC, to celebrate their big win.
Advertisement