Amy Schumer has revealed she has been diagnosed with a rare health disorder after trolls had criticised her appearance.
The comedian and actress, 42, opened up on her newfound condition and said it was speculation about her appearance and "puffy face" that led to her getting a doctor's opinion. She revealed she has Cushing's syndrome in Friday's edition of Jessica Yellin's News Not Noise newsletter.
According to the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK), Cushing's syndrome is a "disorder that occurs when your body makes too much of the hormone cortisol over a long period of time". It's thought that only 40 to 70 people in every one million having the condition.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift fan torn between attending Sydney show or having vital kidney transplant
Amy said: "It has been a crazy couple [of] weeks for me and my family. Aside from fears about my health, I also had to be on camera having the internet chime in. But thank God for that. Because that’s how I realised something was wrong.
"So finding out I have the kind of Cushing that will just work itself out and I’m healthy was the greatest news imaginable."
Amy's announcement comes just days after she was forced to hit back at trolls who had been mocking her "puffy face". She hit out at the online bullies she labelled "misogynistic" after they cruelly body shamed her over her swollen appearance.
The NHS states that one of the main signs of Cushing syndrome is weight gain and more body fat. It says this includes increased fat on your chest and tummy, but slim arms and legs, while people can also get a red, puffy and rounded face.
During an interview on the Not Skinny But Not Fat podcast, mother-of-one Amy said following the nasty comment that haters are upset she’s “not thinner and prettier". She also admitted she gets more negative comments about her appearance than her career. The Emmy-winning actress said: "I think they're mad that I'm not thinner, I think they're mad I'm not prettier, and that I still feel like I have a right to speak."
A week earlier she had once again took to social media to release a statement about her health, saying her appearance was also being affected due to her auto immune disease, endometriosis. She wrote: "Thank you so much for everyone’s input about my face! I’ve enjoyed feedback and deliberation about my appearance as all women do for almost 20 years. And you’re right it is puffier than normal right now.
"I have endometriosis, an auto immune disease that every woman should read about. There are some medical and hormonal things going on in my world right now but I’m okay. A woman doesn’t need any excuse for her physical appearance and owes no explanation.
"Like every other women/person some days I feel confident and good as hell and others I want to put a bag over my head,” she shared, as she told her fans she felt “strong and beautiful and so proud of this tv show I created. Wrote. Starred in and directed. Maybe just maybe we can focus on that for a little.”
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.