by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s romance has taken the world by storm, and everyone wants to know the details about their love. Swifties have never seen the millionaire pop star so in love and open with the PDA, and because of it, everyone wants this to be endgame, and with this endgame, many think it’ll end with a wedding and kiddos. And apparently, according to insiders, Swift is reportedly hoping for the same thing.

	










	“Taylor’s got marriage and kids on the brain,” the insider said to Life and Style. “One of Travis’ biggest attractions is that he’s so family-oriented. She’s 34, and the clock is ticking.” (No need for the ‘clock is ticking’ reference; to be honest, 34 is still so young!)













	Related story



	
	
		
					Hilaria Baldwin Reveals Why She Was 'Ready To Walk' Away From Alec Baldwin Marriage		
	










	But if what the insider is saying is true, then Swift and Kelce have babies and marriage on the brain, and if the ongoing engagement rumors are true, chances are, we may be seeing a Swift-Kelce wedding sooner than many may have thought!

	And their families would be quite happy for an engagement soon too, with the insiders adding: “Their families would love to see them get engaged. They, too, have been caught up in the excitement of this romance.”



	For those who don’t know, Kelce and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but she told fans during her Person of the Year interview that they actually got together soon after his podcast episode in July 2023. 

	Swift talked about how she and Kelce were already a couple when she went to the first football game she appeared at for him. She said during her interview with Time’s 2023 Person of the Year: “So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other.”

	She added, “By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard-launch a first date.”
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.