Patrick Mahomes brought the party back to	Zouk Nightclub on Friday night.
Similar to the Super Bowl, the Patrick Mahomes’ Vegas party has gone into overtime.
The Chiefs QB and an entourage celebrating a bachelor party blew into Zouk Nightclub on Friday night. This is the site of the team’s official after-party following its Super Bowl 58 victory over the 49ers on Feb. 11 at Allegiant Stadium.
He is feeling it, in his red LV shirt … Patrick Mahomes @ZoukGroupLV @ResortsWorldLV #ChiefsKingdom @reviewjournal pic.twitter.com/JRhZ10MsVb
— John Katsilometes (@johnnykats) February 24, 2024
But this was not a Super Bowl celebration, exactly. It was a bachelor party for Mahomes’ buddy from Whitehouse High School and Texas Tech, Brennan McDaniel, who was at the center of the party posse. McDaniel’s image was shown on the club’s big screen behind the DJ stand. He is a lucky fella.
Mahomes wore a backward trucker’s cap and a red T-shirt with a white “LV” emblem. Las Vegas? Or Louis Vuitton? We say Vegas.
The venue with “The Mothership” LED chandelier was not quite at capacity — but on its way there — as the stars filed in about 12:35 a.m.
DJ RL Grime was the night’s headliner. Blasts from the party cannons were plentiful.
The group was set up in a VIP booth, or “stage,” to Grime’s right. Servers twice paraded shots of Don Julio 1942 to that booth. Ebullience reigned as sparklers rained.
Mahomes sauntered out about 2 a.m. The party dissipated soon after.
Earlier Friday, Travis Kelce had flown out of Australia after convening with Taylor Swift on her “Eras Tour” stop at Accor Stadium in Sydney.
Kelce is expected in Las Vegas on Saturday morning, says the celeb platform (and acute flight-tracker) TMZ. The group has booked at least one more nightclub party, but not at Zouk, for Saturday night.
As Mahomes hung at Zouk, several of his Chiefs teammates partied at Drai’s Nightclub at the Cromwell. Marquez Valdes-Scantling, Rashee Rice, Mecole Hardman Jr., Skyy Moore, Jerick “Jet” McKinnon, Isaiah Pacheco, Creed Humphrey and Trey Smith hung in the VIP area during a performance by Drai’s resident artist, Fabolous.
Prior to hitting Zouk, the Mahomes his fellow bachelor-party celebrants dined at Toca Madera at The Shops at Crystals.
House DJ Adam Daudier posted Wednesday he had performed for members of the team on Tuesday and “apparently Travis Kelce was getting down to my music in the private room last night & management asked me to play a private event for the Kansas City Chiefs this Friday.” And so it was, even if Kelce wasn’t.
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP