It was a quick turnaround for Travis Kelce's visit down under. The NFL pro touched down in Sydney, Australia, on Thursday to support girlfriend Taylor Swift on the first of her four-night Eras Tour stop in the city. Now, reports have surfaced that he's already back in the States to enjoy some quality time with his Kansas City Chiefs teammates. 
Kelce enjoyed a whirlwind two days with Swift in Sydney. First, the couple was spotted out and about at the local zoo on Thursday. Then, Kelce was all smiles as he enjoyed Swift's performance in a VIP tent alongside his pal and travel buddy Ross Travis, rubbing elbows with celebs Katy Perry, Rita Ora, Taika Waititi, Toni Collette and Baz Luhrmann. 
He also scored a so-called promotion among the Swifties, handing out guitar picks to fans in the audience in a move typically done by the pop star's dad. 
As Swift closed Friday's show, she once again changed the "Karma" lyric to belt out, "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me." The couple was seen sharing a kiss as she came off stage. 
According to TMZ, which first reported the news, Kelce has hurried back to the States to join his Kansas City Chiefs teammates -- including Patrick Mahomes and other players -- in Las Vegas, Nevada, where the group continues to celebrate their Super Bowl win. 
Kelce's absence from Saturday's Eras show didn't seem to get Swift down. In fact, the singer told the crowd she was feeling "extraordinary."
She later wowed the audience with a double dose of surprise songs, performing mashups of "Should've Said No" and "You're Not Sorry" followed by "New Year's Day" and "Peace."
Kelce and Swift have logged quite a few miles between them over the last month. 
Swift attended the GRAMMY Awards in Los Angeles, California, on Feb. 4, winning two trophies, and then headed to Tokyo, Japan, for four nights of shows from Feb. 7-10. From there, she immediately returned to the United States to support Kelce and his Chiefs as they won Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Feb. 11. 
"Thank you for the support," Kelce could be heard telling Swift on the field after the game. "Thank you for making it halfway across the world. You’re the best, baby. The absolute best." 
Then, Swift played three sold-out nights at the historic Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Australia, playing for crowds of 96,000. The performances marked "the biggest show we've ever done," Swift marveled at the time. 
She'll wrap her Sydney shows on Monday, Feb. 26 before taking the Eras Tour to Singapore to perform a run of six sold-out shows from March 6-9. 
As for whether Kelce will tag along for Swift's next tour dates, the athlete's father, Ed Kelce, recently suggested it was possible. Ed spoke to the The Sydney Morning Herald and shared details about a conversation he had with his son following his Super Bowl win in Las Vegas earlier this month.
"I asked him, 'Are you going to take off for Sydney?' And he seemed keen," Ed shared, adding that his 34-year-old son "said he'd really like to see Sydney and Singapore."
For his part, Kelce has bounced between Las Vegas, Kansas City, Los Angeles and Hawaii between winning the Super Bowl and landing in Australia. 
The jet set life continues! 
RELATED CONTENT: 
Video
News
News
News
News
News