Karma is not a relaxing thought for PETA.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The NFL season may have ended, but everyone's favorite power couple, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, are still in the spotlight. Since Swift is in Sydney, Australia for the Eras Tour at the moment, the two were seen visiting the Sydney Zoo, which prompted a response from the animal rights organization PETA. In their statement, the nonprofit commented on how the couple chose to spend their time and money on their most recent date. Let's just say that karma is a big cat in this case.
Swift and her record-breaking tight-end boyfriend's excursion to Sydney Zoo might have looked like the perfect date to many, but the animal rights organization had a different perspective. Debbie Metzler, the PETA Foundation Director of Captive Animal Welfare, commented on the visit and used one of Swift's songs to make her point. In a statement to TMZ, Metzler explained her views on the issue, saying: 
While we understand 'all too well' the appeal of seeing Australia's wildlife, PETA hopes that next time Taylor and Travis want to see wild animals, they'll spend their time and money at a true sanctuary.

Metzler highlighted that sanctuaries provide a more ethical option for observing wildlife. These sanctuaries prohibit any form of direct interaction, such as feeding or touching the animals. Instead, they encourage a more respectful and distant observation. This contrasts the practices observed at the Sydney Zoo, where the high-profile couple was seen feeding a kangaroo and engaging in other hands-on activities.
PETA has previously expressed their admiration for Taylor Swift. In 2019, the organization released a statement commending the popular musician's decision to cancel her scheduled performance at the Melbourne Cup. Although Taylor cited touring conflicts as the reason for her cancellation, PETA viewed it as an opportunity to praise her. This was because animal rights groups had accused her of "endorsing animal abuse" due to the fact that six horses had died at the Cup since 2013.
The “Mastermind” behind the Eras Tour has a significant influence over her audience, and she receives an immense amount of media attention. Recently, more than 15 million people tuned in to the Super Bowl and watched her chug a beer while cheering on Kelce, so it makes sense that PETA would use this high-profile relationship to initiate a conversation about the ongoing debate on the ethics of animal tourism and zoos. 
Whether they decide to spend their hard-earned cash on zoo or sanctuary trips, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce still seem to have the internet's – and PETA’s – attention. 
While Swift is still performing around the world, with recent major changes to her Eras Tour, fans are eagerly waiting for the release of her new music, which Kelce has already heard some of. Swifties with a Disney+ subscription can also look forward to the release of Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version), which is set to hit the 2024 TV schedule on March 15th. In the meantime, we'll keep you posted on this situation surrounding the pop star, her boyfriend and PETA.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Ryan graduated from Missouri State University with a BA in English/Creative Writing. An expert in all things horror, Ryan enjoys covering a wide variety of topics. He's also a lifelong comic book fan and an avid watcher of Game of Thrones and House of the Dragon. 
'No One Would Ever Expect This': Rihanna Revealed Her Favorite Met Gala Looks, And One Was An Afterparty Gown That Involved Butt Cleavage
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 
It's Not Often That I Slot New Entries Into My Top Five Favorite Movies Of All Time, But Sinners Is That Rare Exception. Here's Why.

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.