Kelce flew in on Thursday to support the singer during her four-night stop in Sydney 
Kimberlee Speakman is a digital writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since 2022. She has also worked in broadcast television as a reporter for Hawaii-based news station KHON2 News.
David Eulitt/Getty; Don Arnold/TAS24/Getty
 Travis Kelce's visit to see girlfriend Taylor Swift was short and very sweet.

 The Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, returned to the U.S. on Saturday, PEOPLE has learned.

 Kelce had supported the “Anti-Hero” singer, 34, at her first Eras Tour stop at the Accor Stadium in Sydney on Friday after flying across the world to spend some time with her. But it was a whistle stop tour Down Under for Kelce, as he began his journey back stateside on Saturday.

 Though her boyfriend wasn't in the crowd for her second show in the Australian harbor city, Swift had a blast, and happily shared her delight with the audience as they cheered for her.

 ""Ah Sydney, you are just ... right off the bat you're making me feel so ... just extraordinary right now," she told the crowd on Saturday in a fan video posted on X (formerly known as Twitter).

 James Gourley/Shutterstock; Don Arnold/TAS24/[SOURCE] for TAS Rights Management
 On the first night of Swift's Sydney performances, the NFL player was spotted in a video posted to X heading to his place in the VIP tent of the stadium to take his seat before the concert started. As he made his way down, he clapped and waved to screaming Swift's fans.

 Kelce, who wore friendship bracelets for the event, could be seen clapping as the music swelled and the audience cheered for Swift’s performance to begin in another video posted on X. Photos taken from the show captured Kelce smiling, waving and appearing to throw a few dance moves as he enjoyed his girlfriend's performance.

 The couple was even spotted sharing some PDA off stage. Swift appeared to share a smooch with the NFL player as she left the stage in an adorable video shared on X (formerly known as Twitter). In the short clip, Kelce could be seen waiting patiently for his other half as she waved to the audience before heading toward him and planting a kiss on his lips.

 Ahead of the show, the couple also had a fun day out at Sydney Zoo in Australia on Thursday, shortly after Kelce had arrived in Australia.

 The tight end's trip to Sydney wasn't the first time he has flown in to support the Grammy award winner.  In November, he flew out on a bye week during the NFL season for her concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina. After Swift closed the show, cameras caught her running to embrace and kiss her boyfriend backstage. 

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Following his team’s win at the Super Bowl, Kelce indicated that he intend to spend his offseason accompanying her, an insider told PEOPLE. The insider said the pair “are making plans for the summer and are excited to travel together in Europe when Taylor takes her tour there."

 Another source told PEOPLE that the Chiefs player is “ready for some downtime now and to show up for Taylor the way she has for him.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)