To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills cast member said it's "wild" to see her youngest getting ready for her next steps.
When Kyle Richards was introduced as a mom of four on Season 1 of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills back in 2010, her youngest daughter, Portia Umansky, was just a baby. 
Watch The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills on Peacock and Bravo.
Fast-forward to Season 13 of the series, and Portia is a teenager who is passionate about makeup and skincare, and she's now hitting a major milestone. 
On January 28, Portia's dad, Mauricio Umansky, posted several videos on his Instagram Story highlighting his youngest daughter's journey to learn how to drive. Now, Portia's mom is sharing some insight into the teenager's latest accomplishment.
During an exclusive chat with The Daily Dish on February 21, Kyle revealed why it has been "stressful" to see her daughter in the driver's seat, and she opened up about Portia's college plans. 
Kyle Richards Reveals What She Told Her "So Unbelievable" Daughters After Mauricio Split News Broke
Would Sophia Umansky Ever Join The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills?
Everything You Need to Know About Kyle Richards’ Daughters
While The Agency brokerage owner chronicled his time driving with Portia on social media, Kyle noted that she's also been in the passenger seat while her youngest learns how to drive. 
Though Kyle has full trust in her teen, she said that it's still "scary" to see her drive. "That is very stressful for any mom," she told The Daily Dish about Portia practicing. "She's extremely responsible, and she's doing great driving, [but] no matter what happens, it's really scary."
Kyle's helped her other daughters, Farrah Brittany Aldjufrie, Alexia Umansky, and Sophia Umansky, prepare for their road tests, but she noted that it never gets easier. 
"I've gone through this four times, and every time, I say, 'Careful, don't do this or that,' and I get yelled at," Kyle joked. "And I'm like, 'Let me do my job. You've literally never been behind a wheel, and I'm in this car, too, and we all want to live.'"
Now that Portia has a handle on driving, Kyle is looking ahead to her youngest's next milestone: college. 
Kyle's been through the college application process with her three eldest daughters, but Portia's journey feels different for her because she's been in front of the RHOBH cameras since she was a baby. 
"Next year, she'll be applying to colleges, which is really, really weird to think about," Kyle said. "When we started the show, she was in a crib and diapers. Now, she drives, and [she] is applying to colleges."
"It's just so wild to think about that this much of my life has been covered all these years, and she has no memory of any life before the show," she concluded. "So that's kind of wild to think about."
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Season 13 reunion begins with Part 1 on Wednesday, February 28 at 8/7c on Bravo. Stream the next day on Peacock. 
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.