An Australian Taylor Swift fan confessed she was torn between attending the pop star’s Sydney show or having a vital kidney transplant.
The Shake It Off hitmaker is performing a series of sold-out gigs at the Accor Stadium in Sydney, and one devoted fan admitted she almost cancelled her kidney transplant to attend the concert instead. Tamara Gray, 35, was about to board a flight to Queensland as she made her way to Taylor’s gig, but received a phone call just 10 minutes before boarding the plane.
She told Australia ’s 9 News that she had been on the register for a kidney transplant, and did not expect to receive a phone call alerting her to a potential donor while waiting in the airport. She explained that her flight to Sydney was delayed, and while with her friends in the departure lounge, she got the call from her doctor informing her that they had a kidney waiting for her in the hospital. However, she admitted she briefly thought about delaying the kidney transplant and heading to Taylor’s gig because she was so disappointed to be missing out on the sold-out gig.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift passionately kisses Travis Kelce at Sydney gig after romantic zoo date
“I have something called IgA nephropathy, so it's an autoimmune disease that attacks my kidneys. Obviously it was meant to be because if I was on that flight, basically I would've missed the call and there's only 30 minutes to answer otherwise they move on to the next recipient,” Tamara told 9 News. “I won't lie, there was a split second that I considered saying no [to the kidney], but, you know, I'm not crazy.” The mum, who hails from Queensland, said her friends headed to the concert without her, while she went to the hospital for the kidney transplant.
Taylor will finish her string of sold-out gigs in Sydney on Monday, and will then jet to Singapore to perform another six gigs. She’s then due to take a brief break until May, when she’ll kick off the European leg of her Eras World Tour. Taylor was joined by her boyfriend Travis Kelce earlier this week, as the Kansas City Chiefs tight end flew Down Under with his close pal Ross Travis to support the Grammy-winning pop star.
The lovebirds enjoyed a sweet date at Sydney Zoo before Travis was spotted in the VIP stand at the Accor Arena. However, the NFL star is now on his way back to the US, as he’s preparing to celebrate his team’s Super Bowl win in Las Vegas. According to TMZ, the tight end is on a private jet back to Sin City to party with his teammates, including Patrick Mahomes, for a pre-planned bash to commemorate their third Super Bowl win in five years.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.