On Friday night, Travis Kelce reportedly hopped on a private plane in Sydney to head back to Las Vegas, where he'll be meeting his friend Patrick Mahomes and the rest of the Kansas City Chiefs for a celebration on the strip. He made the long journey to Australia to catch some of girlfriend Taylor Swift's Eras Tour and she still has a few more shows before she can leave herself. Kelce only touched down in the country on Wednesday, making it a pretty short trip. 
A source speaking with TMZ says that the Vegas party has been planned since the Super Bowl, a second event to mark their big win against the San Francisco 49ers this year. Kelce may have already missed part of the weekend with his teammates, because a DJ known for their sets at Toca Madera was allegedly asked to do a private gig for the Kansas City Chiefs on Friday night. 
Swift has two more dates in Sydney, followed by plans to play her concert in Singapore through March 9. She has dates set for more shows through November, which will take her to  France, Sweden, Portugal, Spain, the U.K., Ireland, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Italy, Germany, Poland, Austria, back to the U.S., and then Canada. The pop star has been very actively traveling from her concert series to various stadiums to see her boyfriend play throughout the NFL season, in particular to Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City.
It appears as though Kelce is now making more of the effort to travel back and forth to see his girlfriend during the off-season. Swift has said that they both feel it's important to show up for each other while she was interviewed for her Time Magazine Person of the Year cover.
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” she said. “The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other.”
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.