ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during the ... More "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. (Photo by Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift scores a chart double in Australia this week, as she claims both the No. 1 album and single in the nation. She’s back in charge of the albums tally with one of her most successful projects, but on the songs ranking, she earns a brand new leader. As she pushes another track to the summit, the superstar ties with another beloved female musician for a special record.
This week, Swift rules the Australian singles chart with “Cruel Summer,” which rises to the top spot for the first time. The tune lifts from No. 4 to the summit, becoming yet another winner for Swift.
“Cruel Summer” is Swift’s eleventh No. 1 hit in Australia, according to ARIA. With one more smash to her credit, the country and pop singer ties with Madonna for the most No. 1 singles in the country among women.
Looking at all artists, Swift and Madonna share third place together. The Beatles lead all names, with 26 No. 1 singles in the nation. They remain the only act to accrue at least 20 leaders—a feat that hasn’t been challenged in the decades since they split up.
Coming in behind The Beatles on the ranking of the musicians with the most No. 1 hits in Australian history is Elvis Presley. The rock and roll pioneer collected 14 champions on the singles tally in the nation. He ranks as the solo act with the most rulers, with Madonna and Swift coming in second.
“Cruel Summer” reaches the No. 1 spot on the Australian singles chart years after it was first released. The track was initially featured on her album Lover, which arrived in 2019. After Swift included the song in her The Eras Tour setlist, it returned to popularity and was promptly spun off as an actual single. It has now spent 38 weeks on this specific tally, taking its time before rising to the peak position.
As “Cruel Summer” leads the singles chart, Swift’s Midnights is back at No. 1 on the albums ranking. The title has now controlled that roster for 15 non-consecutive frames since its release in 2022. Swift’s entire catalog is surging in popularity in Australia as she’s currently on tour in the country. She recently played three shows in Melbourne and is in the middle of four dates in Sydney.