The country star Jake Owen will perform at the Hard Rock Casino Northern Indiana’s Hard Rock Live venue in Gary.
Owen, long rumored to be the subject of the Taylor Swift song "Sparks Fly," will perform at Hard Rock Live on Thursday, May 30. Doors open at 7 p.m. .
The Winter Haven, Florida native is known for songs like "Yee Haw", "Startin' with Me," "Something About a Woman," "Don't Think I Can't Love You", "Eight Second Ride," "Alone with You", "The One That Got Away" and "Beachin'."
Long signed to RCA Nashville, he learned to play guitar after a wakeboarding accident. He went on to score many Billboard hits and toured with a number of country stars like Keith Urban, Brad Paisley, Kenny Chesney, Little Big Town and Sugarland.
"With 10 No.1 hit singles and over 3 billion U.S. on-demand streams, Jake Owen has ascended to stardom as a mainstay country staple. Known for his laid-back style and genre defining hits like 'Barefoot Blue Jean Night,' and 'American Country Love Song,' Owen's album, Greetings From... Jake, delivered three No.1 hits - 'Made For You,' 'Homemade' and 'I Was Jack (You Were Diane)," Hard Rock Casino said in a press release. "Praised by Billboard as a 'country-grounded odyssey,' the record follows popular album American Love, which debuted at No.1 on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart."
Tickets start at $45 for the 21+ show with reserved seating.
For more information, call 219-228-2383 or visit hardrockcasinonorthernindiana.com.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Business Reporter
A 12,000-square-foot mansion is under construction in one of Northwest Indiana's priciest housing markets.
A man died Monday afternoon in Lake Michigan off the shore of U.S. Steel, Portage Fire Department chief Chris Crail told The Times.
In a letter obtained by The Times, the interim leader was told she was relieved of all duties and would be on paid administrative leave until June 30.
"This is expected to take several hours to clear," officials said around 9:30 a.m..
"This has been a long three and half years without her and now it's going to be forever," Gerri Wright said.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.