Celebrity beauty trends come and go fast, but one look that seems to be sticking around for the foreseeable is the statement fringe – a style that seems to provide a 'suits all' way to upgrade a look for big occasions.
Take Cheryl, for example. The star has rarely been pictured out over the past year, and last week she popped up with a full fringe that gave her a completely new look. Ellie Leach also recently used a wispy fringe to give her look an update post Strictly, and Michelle Keegan adopted bangs after her Netflix hit show Fool Me Once took off.
Here, we're taking a look at the best celebrity fringe transformations and the reasons why they might have updated their image...
Last week, Cheryl debuted a brand new hairstyle as she hit the town with her Girls Aloud bandmates - Kimberley Walsh, Nadine Coyle and Nicola Roberts - ahead of the group's reunion tour. Sporting a choppy full fringe and high bun, she switched up her usual long and layered look.
Does this new fringe mean Cheryl is entering a new beauty era? We'll find out when we see more snaps from the tour!
Strictly winner Ellie showed off her new fringe at the TV Choice Awards last month and wowed fans with the stunning style. After the event, Ellie shared her new look on Instagram, and fans were quick to shower her with compliments. One wrote: "Hair and make up is stunning!!" "Ellie you are actually stunning" added another. And a third penned: "You look stunning Queen @ellielouiseleach, love you so much."
A few weeks on and we're loving how the fringe adds a grown-up element to Ellie's beauty look.
Maya Jama returned to the Love Island All Stars villa for the show's final last week and opted for a voluminous ponytail and feathered fringe - a stunning look that elevated her usual sleek style. The 29 year old shared a snap of her hairstyle to Instagram before the show started, penning: "Got my fancy outfit on ready to host the Love Island Final. Who are you hoping will win tonight???'
We're yet to find out if this fringe is a permanent feature on the star, as she's previously turned to clip-in bangs to fake some shorter layers. 
It seems Michelle was keen for a change after the filming for the hit Netflix show Fool Me Once was complete because she debuted a new look on her Instagram shortly after the show reached viral flame. The makeover saw her switch up her usual long layers for a wispy fringe.
Michelle posted the look to her Instagram Stories last month and tagged in the salon responsible for the transformation, Lockonego – a London celebrity and Royal hotspot that has welcomed the likes of Victoria Beckham and Princess Beatrice through its doors.
Just this week, Olivia surprised her Instagram followers when she showed off a full fringe transformation, giving her a very different look. Pairing it with her new darker blonde hair and long layers, the documentary producer seems keen to step away from her previously very glam Love Island appearance in favour of this trendy and chic beauty look.
Fans also seem to be loving it, with compliments flooding in for the star on her recent posts. "This is THE best look I’ve seen on you. You look insane, absolute fire!" writes one while another says: "You look like Taylor swift with your fringe".
BaByliss’ Mini Radial Brush,  £6 here,  was made with fringes in mind. The flexible but durable bristles will help to add volume to your fringe without adding unwanted frizz and flyaways, and its small size means you can pop it in your handbag. 
 A good heat protector is essential to any styling routine to avoid adding damage and dryness to the hair. The  Goiple Hair Care thermal protection spray is  £9.99 here, and has been given rave reviews due to the silky condition that it leaves the hair in, with one shopper even claiming that it made their hair look like they had just come out of the salon. 
 Rollers are an easy way to give you a salon-like blowout without having to add any heat. The  Drybar High Tops rollers,  £10 here, are self-gripping and made with a soft material to avoid any tugging or snagging on the hair. They can be used with a blow dryer or just placed on your fringe overnight to give it a bouncy, voluminous look. 
 Living Proof's Perfect Hair Day (PhD) Dry Shampoo,  £25 here,  has been a beauty lover favourite for a while now. It's a weightless formula that not only freshens the look and feel of your hair, but also slowly releases fragrance to keep your hair smelling fresh throughout the day. On top of that, the formula was made specifically to avoid leaving any powdery residue, making it ideal for all hair types and colours. 
 Beauty Works’ Argan Oil Serum,  £11.95 here,  has been praised for its nourishing formula that prevents frizz and keeps flyaways down. It can be used on dry or wet hair and is packed with the antioxidants and essential vitamins that your fringe needs to stay soft and shiny all day.