By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  12:41, 24 February 2024   |  Updated:  22:54, 27 February 2024   
 11
View  comments
Logan Paul has unleashed on the city of Perth after getting booed during a WWE media day at Optus Stadium. 
The pro wrestler, 28, is in Western Australia for the Elimination Chamber event where he will face off against Drew McIntyre, Randy Orton, Bobby Lashley, LA Knight and Kevin Owens in a World Heavyweight Championship match.
At the pre-match media day on Friday, WWE legend Randy Orton was speaking on stage when Paul interrupted his spot, holding aloft his US champion belt.
The crowd booed the YouTuber-turned-wrestling champ, to which he responded, 'I flew 30 hours to get booed?'
'So it's WWE's first time coming to Perth and I'm going to personally make sure it's the last. This place sucks guys,' Paul declared.
Logan Paul has unleashed on the city of Perth after getting booed during a WWE media day at Optus Stadium. He is in Western Australia for the Elimination Chamber event where he will face off against multiple opponents in a World Heavyweight Championship match. Pictured
At the pre-match media day on Friday, WWE legend Randy Orton was speaking on stage when Paul interrupted his spot, holding aloft his US champion belt. The crowd booed the YouTuber-turned-wrestling champ, to which he responded, 'I flew 30 hours to get booed?'
Paul continued his rant, complaining that he would prefer to be in Sydney.
'I mean even Taylor Swift went to Sydney instead of this dump. I'm serious, you Google the top 10 things to do as a tourist in Perth and No. 1 is go visit an island full of rats. Not so different from you people, huh? Yikes.'
The social media influencer then stated that he was the only champion competing in the Elimination Chamber, and that he was the youngest by a decade. 
'This place sucks guys,' Paul continued, '...make no mistake — I'm only here because I have to be. I will win the Elimination Chamber. I will rematch Seth Rollins at WrestleMania. And I will become double champ'
Paul was all smiles when he was mobbed by fans in Perth (pictured) just a day before he said the city 'sucks' 
The WWE star happily posed for photos with Perth locals - then turned around and compared them to rats soon after
'So Perth, make no mistake — I'm only here because I have to be. I will win the Elimination Chamber. I will rematch Seth Rollins at WrestleMania. And I will become double champ,' he boasted.
He capped off his rant by saying 'Perth, consider yourselves Logan Paul's stepping stone.'
Paul concluded his on-stage appearance by pushing and shoving Kevin Owens.
Paul has become a prominent figure in WWE events lately, securing the US championship belt at Crown Jewel in November and successfully defending it at the Royal Rumble last month. 
The Elimination Chamber marks WWE's return to Australia after six years, with an anticipated 60,000 fans in attendance for the special event. 
Paul has become a prominent figure in WWE events lately, securing the US championship belt at Crown Jewel in November and successfully defending it at the Royal Rumble last month

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group