Wilson even hung out with Swift's dad, Scott Swift, at the concert in Sydney, Australia, on Saturday
Chris Hyde/Getty; Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
 Rebel Wilson is a big Taylor Swift fan!
The actress, 43, was spotted joining fans to watch Swift, 34, perform her second show in Sydney, Australia, as part of her Eras tour at Accor Stadium on Saturday in photos posted on social media.

 In one snap posted by a concertgoer on X (formerly Twitter), Wilson waved to fans as she stood near the stage in what appeared to be a VIP tent. The Pitch Perfect star sported a stack of friendship bracelets as she stood with a group of fellow Swifties in her section.

 Following the show, the actress shared just how much she had enjoyed it, even revealing that she had hung out with Swift's dad, Scott Swift.

 "@taylorswift absolutely CRUSHED IT tonight! And thanks to @sabrinacarpenter for being so so cool and Papa Swift for all the chats! What an epic concert! Taylor you are just incredible!!!" she wrote in a caption alongside a carousel of images and video from the night. Among them was a shot of Wilson posing with Carpenter, 24, as well as photos of the actress with friends and family.

 At the end of the carousel, Wilson shared a video that had "Papa Swift" written across the top and showed her singing along to "Shake It Off" with Scott.

 In a second Instagram carousel, the Pitch Perfect actress posted more snaps from the fun night, including another shot with Carpenter, a snap with fans and more fun images of family and friends. Wilson even revealed Taylor's Saturday concert was her niece's first-ever music show.

 "@taylorswift really does have the most amazing fans! Thank you for all the bracelets and the love you show everyone! It made tonight such an amazing experience not only for me and my friends but for my 8 year old niece who was just so excited to have Taylor be her first ever concert!" she wrote alongside the photos.

 Ahead of going to Taylor's show, Wilson had posted a series of videos on her Instagram Story of her “pregaming” with her family ahead of the concert during a Swift-themed celebration at home. 

tswifterastour/X
 “OK, we’re pregaming for Taylor Swift,” Wilson said in one clip, as she was joined by who appeared to be an excited young family member. “Let me show you our cool set-up. Look at this…” she continued as she showcased a lounge area with tinsel on the walls and sweet snacks on a nearby table. 

 Wilson then panned the camera to a kitchen island with a lit-up sign, spelling out, ‘1989’ in reference to Taylor's 2014 album. “And then of course, 1989,” she added.

 Wilson also filmed her 15-month-old daughter Royce, shared with fiancée Ramona Agruma, as she presented her with an Eras Tour flask. “Here Roycey!” she said to Royce as she clapped her hands in response. “Whooo!”

Rebel Wilson/Instagram 
 In a final video shared, Wilson was joined by a group of girls and women who appeared to be close friends and family members as they gathered by a table with the ‘1989’ sign displayed on top and made a toast with their Eras Tour flasks. 

 “Cheers! We’ll see you soon Taylor, we’re on our way!” exclaimed Wilson. 

 Wilson appeared alongside Taylor in the 2019 film Cats. The actress previously said of working with the singer at the time, “She’s incredible. She’s such a lovely girl and I personally think her cat is the sexiest out of all cats,” referring to Taylor's feline character in the film.

Rebel Wilson/Instagram
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Taylor opened up her second show at Accor Stadium on Saturday night in front of around 81,000 Sydney fans. In one fan video posted on X during the concert, she told the audience, "Ah Sydney, you are just ... right off the bat you're making me feel so ... just extraordinary right now."

 Wilson isn't the only famous friend of Taylor's who has stopped by to watch her shows at the Accor Stadium in Sydney. On Friday night, Katy Perry, Rita Ora and her husband Taika Waititi watched the show, along with Taylor's boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end, Travis Kelce.

 The singer will perform her third Eras Tour show in Sydney on Sunday night, and the fourth and final show in the city on Monday night, both local time.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)