Naga Munchetty hit out at Charlie Stayt after he drew attention to her sneezing live on BBC Breakfast.
The presenting duo were back on the red sofa on Saturday (February 24) morning to wake up the nation with the latest headlines from across the globe. They welcomed sports presenter Mike Bushell onto the programme to discuss the upcoming Six Nation matches which are taking place across the weekend.
Charlie introduced the segment saying: "It's a Saturday with lots of sport to look forward to, Mike." but as the reporter began taking about the rugby matches, Naga sneezed and hoped the moment wasn't caught on camera. After saying "sorry" to Mike, Charlie joked: "It's so excited that Naga is sneezing."
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star TV stories
Naga said: "I was hoping that we were on your signal shot and not my shot and tried to do it really quietly so I apologise." Mike replied: "It was a very subtle sneeze. I didn't notice actually until Charlie drew attention it." Naga then turned to her co-host and said: "Yeah, thanks Charlie" before Mike carried on his bulletin like a true profession as the awkward moment between the presenters got brushed over.
It comes just days after Naga tols Charlie to get a new job live on air. She made the jibe as the pair discussed how the Victoria and Albert Museum in London was looking to recruit a Taylor Swift fan for a new exhibition on the singer coming soon. Charlie admitted at the beginning of the item that he would not be up for taking on the role.
He went on to clarify: "I'll be honest with you, this wouldn't work for me, because I just don't know enough" - before Naga made a cheeky dig at her co-star, chirping: "You surprise me!" Attention then turned to weather presenter Matt Taylor, who was asked whether he would take the job on himself. A rather ambivalent Taylor responded: "Not really," much to the annoyance of his co-star Naga.
"So, you two have both ruled yourselves out for this, yeah?" Naga asked her fellow stars, as both agreed. Matt added: "My only qualification is the name Taylor," which appeared to trigger something within Naga to continue the hilarious digs to her co-stars. She then made a cheeky innuendo as she made the stark realisation, branding the idea as "Matt Taylor on Taylor". This caused weather presenter Taylor to fall into a bout of laughter that led him to struggle with beginning his weather forecast, leading Naga to will him to "carry on".
Clearly flustered at Naga's suggestion, he wheezed a laugh as the pair threw the viewers over to him to present the weather for the coming day. However, after around five seconds of laughter, Matt was able to regain his composure and deliver the rest of his presentation with ease.
BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.