Looking for the best place for a beer in Suffolk?


  We asked our followers on Facebook about the best places to go for a pint while out and about in the county. 


The Lord Nelson Inn  (Image: Newsquest)


Where: 42 East Street, Southwold, IP18 6EJ


The Lord Nelson pub - known as The Nellie to friends - is referred to as the drinking pub and social hub for the town of Southwold. 


  It serves award-winning Adnams beers which are brewed locally as well as other ales, wines and spirits. 


  On Friday and Saturday punters can enjoy pizza from Black Dog Deli Pizzas.


The Crown Inn  (Image: Google)


Where: Chapel Lane, Great Glemham, IP17 2DA


  A family-friendly pub offering a selection of wines, local ales and a vast gin shelf. 


  The Crown Inn has three relaxed dining areas with wood burners creating a cosy atmosphere in autumn and winter.


  One reader said it was a "cosy warm traditional pub to enjoy a pint and a chat".


The Dove  (Image: Phil Morley)


READ MORE: 5 things locals love the most about Suffolk


Where: 68 Hospital Road, Bury St Edmunds, IP33 3JU


  A traditional alehouse located just outside Bury St Edmunds town centre. 


  The servers are knowledgeable about the beers sold with many of them sourced from local East Anglian brewers. 


  There a six handpumps which serve the beers directly from the cooled cellar. 


The King's Head  (Image: Newsquest)


Where: 17 Market Hill, Woodbridge, IP12 4LP


  Owned by the Deben Inns, The King's Head is said to be at the heart of Woodbridge's social scene. 


  Four-legged friends are welcome to join as all of the Deben Inns are dog friendly and stock dog treats as well. 


  The pub also serves food from 9am until 9pm every day of the week. 


Swan Inn  (Image: Google)


Where: The Street, Alderton, IP12 3BL


  A cosy bar that focuses on serving local ales and brews. 


  The Swan Inn reopened after plans submitted to East Suffolk Council to turn it into a home were dropped.


  Unlike other pubs on this list, The Swan does not serve food. 


The Mariners Freehouse  (Image: Google)


READ MORE: All the Suffolk breweries with food to visit in 2024


Where: 193 High Road, Trimley St Mary, Felixstowe


  The Mariners Freehouse is one of the pubs that features in the 2024 Campaign For Real Ale (CAMRA) beer guide. 


  It is a warm local pub that has original features including a fireplace and large bay windows and underwent an extensive refurbishment. 


  The food menu offers classic pub dishes cooked with locally sourced ingredients. 


The Station  (Image: Newsquest)


Where: Station Road, Framlingham, IP13 9EE


  The Station is a busy pub and is only a short distance from Framlingham town centre. 


  Many celebrities including Ed Sheeran and Taylor Swift have been spotted enjoying a drink at this bub. 


  In November last year it was featured in The Good Food Guide.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.