By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  09:31, 24 February 2024   |  Updated:  12:26, 24 February 2024   
 12
View  comments
Rebel Wilson was in the audience as Taylor Swift took the stage in Sydney for her second show at Accor stadium on Saturday night. 
The Australian actress had a prime seat to take in the show which kicked off at 7.30pm as scheduled, after storms had caused delays during Friday's concert. 
Proving she's a Swiftie, Rebel donned a number of friendship bracelets which are famously worn by Taylor and her fans. 
She showed off her slimmed down figure in a black ensemble as she enjoyed the show with friends.  
Taylor appeared in good spirits as she stormed the stage despite going solo after the departure of her boyfriend from Australia. 
Rebel Wilson (pictured) was in the audience as Taylor Swift took the stage in Sydney for her second show at Accor stadium on Saturday night
The Australian actress had a prime seat to take in the show which kicked off at 7.30pm as scheduled, after storms had caused delays during Friday's concert. Taylor is pictured on stage on Saturday night 
Travis Kelce has already left to fly back to Las Vegas to continue partying with his Kansas City Chiefs teammates.
Kelce only landed in Sydney on Wednesday to meet up with his girlfriend and watch her perform one of her Eras Tour shows.
TMZ claim the tight end is flying back to Las Vegas to continue partying with his teammates after they won the Super Bowl in Sin City earlier this month.
Kelce is due to land in Las Vegas on Saturday morning after flying for roughly 15 hours in a journey similar to Swift's when she flew from Japan to Nevada for the Super Bowl.
Taylor appeared in good spirits as she stormed the stage despite going solo after the departure of her boyfriend from Australia
Travis Kelce has already left to fly back to Las Vegas to continue partying with his Kansas City Chiefs teammates. He is pictured attending Friday's concert 
It's claimed the Chiefs reunion in Las Vegas has been planned ever since the Chiefs beat the San Francisco 49ers 25-22 in overtime.
The tight end was fully embraced by his girlfriend's loyal group of fans at Accor Stadium on Friday night.
In one clip from the show, a grinning Kelce could be seen trading friendship bracelets with the Swifties. In another video, he waved at screaming fans as he walked by.
Swift decided to give two nods to her beau in the audience through her lyrics during the show.
During the second verse of her song 'Long Live' off her album 'Speak Now', Swift sang the line 'We are the kings and the queens / You traded your baseball cap for a crown / When they gave us our trophies / And we held them up for our town.'
At the mention of trophies, Swift held her guitar up and seemed to point out in the direction of Kelce in the audience. 
Kelce only landed in Sydney on Wednesday to meet up with his girlfriend and watch her perform one of her Eras Tour shows

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group