As AI-powered chat bots, voice cloning, and deepfakes cause
increasing harm to consumers (and celebrities like Taylor Swift), the FTC is seeking public
comment on whether to expand its "Rule on Impersonation of
Government and Businesses" to expressly prohibit the
impersonation of individuals. The FTC's proposed amendments to the Impersonation Rule
come after a nationwide surge in complaints relating to fraud losses as well as "public
outcry" about the harms caused to impersonated
individuals.
The Rule was recently updated to allow the FTC to seek monetary
relief against scammers that impersonate (or falsely imply an
affiliation with) the U.S. government. When the FTC sought public
comment on that update, many of the commenters pointed out the
potential harms posed by the false impersonation of individuals,
which prompted the FTC to prepare these amendments.
AI users and vendors should take note that the proposed
amendments go beyond prohibiting fraudulent impersonations of
celebrities. First, the amendments define "individual" as
any person or entity, "whether real or fictitious."
Second, and more critically, if implemented, the proposed
amendments will extend liability for violations of the Rule to
parties who provide "goods and services with knowledge or
reason to know" they "will be used in
impersonations" that violate the Rule. The FTC stated that the
amended Rule would not "impose new burdens on honest
individuals or businesses."
Specifically, the amendments provide that that it is violation
of the Rule, and an unfair or deceptive act or practice, to: (a)
materially and falsely pose as, directly or by implication, an
individual, in or affecting commerce; or (b) materially
misrepresent, directly or by implication, affiliation with,
including endorsement or sponsorship by, an individual, in or
affecting commerce.
The public has 60 days from February 15, 2024 to submit comments
on the FTC's proposal.
Stay tuned for updates on this and other AI-related
developments.
 chrome://newtab/

www.fkks.com
This alert provides general coverage of its subject area. We
provide it with the understanding that Frankfurt Kurnit Klein &
Selz is not engaged herein in rendering legal advice, and shall not
be liable for any damages resulting from any error, inaccuracy, or
omission. Our attorneys practice law only in jurisdictions in which
they are properly authorized to do so. We do not seek to represent
clients in other jurisdictions.
Connecting Knowledge & People
POWERED BY MONDAQ AI
© Mondaq® Ltd  1994 - 2025. All Rights Reserved
Mondaq uses cookies on this website. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our Privacy Policy.