Taylor Swift’s father allegedly slugged a member of the paparazzi while the pair were out in Australia early Tuesday morning, according to reports.
The megastar’s dad, Scott Swift, has been accused of assaulting a photographer at Sydney’s ferry wharves as the “All Too Well” singer was exiting a yacht, News.com.au reported.
Local police did not confirm that it was the singer’s father but said that a 71-year-old man allegedly assaulted a 51-year-old man at Neutral Bay Wharf at about 2:30 a.m., a New South Wales police spokesperson told the outlet.
However, a spokesperson for Swift has set the record straight in a statement to The Post. 
“Two individuals were aggressively pushing their way towards Taylor, grabbing at her security personnel, and threatening to throw a female staff member into the water,” the singer’s camp said.
The alleged victim, who reported the incident, did not require any medical treatment, cops added.
The pap, Ben McDonald of Matrix Media Group, told the Sunday Morning Herald that he was left with a “sore left chop” following the altercation but suffered no serious injuries. 
“I was just out on the job chasing Taylor,” he told the newspaper. 
“She got off a super-yacht at Neutral Bay and walked up the wharf with an umbrella over her head and a couple of security [guards] around her. Security sort of pushed us around with the umbrellas. Then her dad decided to add to the mix and throw a punch in.” 
The photographer said he didn’t understand what prompted the alleged violent outburst. 
“It was a shock … There was no need for it, the security had it under control,” he said. “I’ll leave it in the police’s hands now.”
Swift wrapped up her final Eras Tour performance in Sydney on Monday.
NSW Police did not immediately return a request for information on the alleged altercation.
The pop star reportedly fled Australia on her private jet after the incident, the Daily Mail reported.
The outlet said that her plane was seen leaving Sydney Aiport hours after the alleged altercation.
Advertisement