By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:01, 26 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:13, 26 February 2024   
 88
View  comments
Beyonce's new country song Texas Hold 'Em has caused quite the ruckus.
The catchy tune is now on top of the Billboard Global 200 charts, it was revealed on Monday morning.
Last week the hillbilly hot ditty was number four, but it has been climbing steadily and is now at the top. 
There have been almost 60 million streams and 43,000 sold worldwide during the week of February 16 to 22, according to Billboard.
The Texas native previously reached the top 10 with Break My Soul in 2002; that tune went to number six.
Beyonce's new country song Texas Hold 'Em has caused quite the ruckus. The catchy tune is now on top of the Billboard Global 200 charts, it was revealed on Monday morning
Last week the hillbilly hot ditty was number four, but it has been climbing steadily and is now at the top
The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. 
The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.
Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales.
Texas Hold ‘Em is the second Global 200 number one song that has topped Billboard’s U.S.-based Hot Country Songs chart.
That joins Taylor Swift’s 2021 leader All Too Well (Taylor’s Version).
Texas Hold ‘Em was announced during a Verizon commercial that aired the Super Bowl LVIII.
Her new album will arrive on March 29.
There have been almost 60 million streams and 43,000 sold worldwide during the week of February 16 to 22, according to Billboard 
The Texas native previously reached the top 10 with Break My Soul in 2002; that tune went to number six
Last week she became the first Black woman to top the Hot Country Songs chart with Texas Hold ‘Em. 
Texas Hold 'Em was serviced to country radio.
The Grammy winner's other country track, 16 Carriages, which dropped on the same day as Texas Hold 'Em. 
She is currently the first and only woman to have topped both Hot Country Songs and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group