Manage your account
"Hearst Magazines and Yahoo may earn commission or revenue on some items through these links."
The green snake-like dress says it all. Taylor Swift stepped out in a sparkling Gucci number at the 2024 Golden Globes — in case you haven’t seen it all over the internet by now — that has fans speculating new music is coming. Reputation (Taylor’s Version) is one of the two albums left that the singer has to re-release, alongside her debut album, Taylor Swift, which first dropped back in 2006. With Taylor’s not-so-subtle fashion choices at the awards, it’s pretty safe to assume that it's the new year for a big reputation.
Known for her many easter eggs that loyal Swifties just love to decipher, Swift paired the slinky dress with a snake diamond ring. Being that the snake is the most well-known icon from the reputation era, it’s a tell-tale sign that the Taylor's Version of the album is on the way.Aside from the jewelry being a hint for the Swifties, it’s actually a trendy piece that can most certainly make the whole place shimmer. Francesca’s offers a bejeweled Luxe Silver Plated Pave Snake Ring that is currently 25% off for a total of $28.50. It’s advertised to be tarnish-resistant and nickel and lead-free.
Shop Now
Luxe Sliver Plated Pave Snake Ring
francescas.com
$28.50
If you’re looking to make more bang for your buck, this Celestial Snake Ring Set from Urban Outfitters sells for $20, includes a set of 3 rings, and pairs with any outfit. The sun, moon, and snake mixed metal rings come in silver or gold.
Shop Now
Celestial Snake Ring Set
urbanoutfitters.com
$20.00
Along with the pricey accessory, Swift sported dangling diamond earrings and rocked a green eyeshadow, nude lip moment. The A-lister was most certainly on the best-dressed list as she was nominated in the new blockbuster film category for Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. She may have come out of the awards empty-handed—aside from the snake ring, of course — but the concert film did break the record for being the highest-grossing of all time.Call it what you want, but that sounds like a win in our book. Until Reputation (Taylor’s Version) is released and we’re able to scream-sing This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things, we will be playing 1989 (Taylor’s Version) on repeat.
You Might Also Like
Nicole Richie’s Surprising Adoption Story
The Story of Gypsy Rose Blanchard and Her Mother
Queen Camilla's Life in Photos