Jackie Goldberg speaks at a Board meeting in September 2022 (from LAUSD video)(Image by LAUSD)   Details   DMCAUnable to secure a speaking spot at the February 14, 2024, LAUSD School meeting where they would vote on a proposed Proposition 39 Charter Schools Co-Location Policy, I wrote the following letter imploring them to fix flaws in this proposal:
To the LAUSD Governing Board:
I attempted to sign up for public comment for this item but apparently speaker slots went quicker than Taylor Swift concert tickets. Despite logging in exactly as sign-ups became available, my speaker form was rejected. When I retried the item was maxed out. Perhaps it is time to revisit my proposed "Board Meeting Accessibility to the Public" resolution.
It is deeply disturbing that, if passed, the PROP-39 co-location policy will not take effect until the 2025-2026 school year, leaving LAUSD students unprotected during the next year. The Superintendent knew months before the September 26, 2023, meeting where the Goldberg/Rivas resolution was passed that this action was being contemplated. He said at that meeting that he would not need the full 45 days to present a policy. Yet it took 140 days for the policy to come before the Board. Perhaps I am being overly cynical, but it seems that the bureaucracy purposely ran out the clock so that charter schools would get one more year of operating outside the control of the Board.
One of the first things that I noticed about the proposed policy is that it allows charter schools to continue picking the schools that they would like to take space from. Nothing in the text of PROP-39 mandates this. The process should be changed so that a charter school can only indicate that it needs the District to provide space within the geographic area specified by its charter. The Charter School Division would then be directed to find space that would be the least disruptive to District students without regard to the preferences of the charter school.
Continuing through the policy, how is it that the section titled "Supporting the District's Most Fragile Students and Schools, Key Programs, and Student Safety" does not make any reference to children with Special Education needs? In fact, the words "special education" only appear once in the entire policy and that is only as part of a list of the types of rooms that are analyzed by the District.
Children with Special Education needs are among those most victimized by the LAUSD's current policies for implementing PROP-39. These students, our most vulnerable, have at times been forced to receive vital services in closets and stairwells when the classrooms they previously used were turned over to charter schools. We found out in September that Jose' Cole-Gutie'rrez and the Charter School Division had been lying that this was required under the law. The Special Education community needs immediate assurance directly from this Board that, starting today, space used to provide Special Education services will be protected during the PROP-39 allocation process.
My final concern about the proposed policy is that it does not go far enough to protect public school students from the non-payment of over-allocation fees by charter schools. Past actions by the Board have guaranteed that students at affected schools receive 90% of these fees in compensation for the damage they incurred by having given more space to the charter school than it was entitled to receive under the law. However, to receive these funds the charter school must pay what they owe under state law.
The last time the Charter School Division updated the public on the status of overdue over-allocation fees was June 30, 2023. At that time, delinquent charter schools owed the District $3,708,006. While the proposed policy says that, starting in 2025, these fees will be "monitored, enforced, and reported," it does not specify what will happen when charter schools refuse to pay. An amendment is needed to make it clear that these balances must be cleared before space can be requested for the following year. Furthermore, continued refusal to pay should be treated as proof of financial insolvency subjecting the charter school to closure.
Not included in the above balance is the $7,678,022 forgiven by the Charter School Division. According to Board Member Schmerelson, this was done without notifying the School Board. The resolution considered today should be amended to require an investigation of this action. If it is found to be improper and done without the consent of the Board, the bills should be reinstated.
In closing, I would like to remind the members of this Board that your most important obligation is to LAUSD public school students. You were elected to represent these students, not those in charter schools that have their own independently operated governing boards. Please keep this in mind as you vote today.
Sincerely,Carl Petersen
Carl Petersen is a parent advocate for public education, particularly for students with special education needs, who serves as the Education Chair for the Northridge East Neighborhood Council. As a Green Party candidate in LAUSD's District 2 School Board race, he was endorsed by Network for Public Education (NPE) Action. Dr. Diane Ravitch has called him "a valiant fighter for public schools in Los Angeles." For links to his blogs, please visit www.ChangeTheLAUSD.com. Opinions are his own.
Carl  Petersen Social Media Pages: 
		     		
		     		
		     		

Carl Petersen is a parent, an advocate for students with special education needs, an elected member of the Northridge East Neighborhood Council, a member of the LAUSD's CAC, and was a Green Party candidate in LAUSD's District 2 School Board race. During the campaign, the Network for Public Education (NPE) Action endorsed him, and Dr. Diane Ravitch called him a " (more...) 
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help.
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews, please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership.
Most Popular Articles by this Author:     (View All Most Popular Articles by this Author)
Make it a Headline When Trump Actually Tells the Truth
California Senate Candidate Alison Hartson on Education
Finding Hope in Florida
Three Headlines That Got Buried Last Week
Bright Shiny Objects: Trump's Real Art is Diverting Attention
If Money Continues to Talk, We're Screwed

To View Comments or Join the Conversation:
"Fascinating, eye-opening, and extraordinary, Rob Kall's Bottom Up: Tapping the Power of the Connection Revolution explores the emerging paradigm of our age -- bottom-up thinking -- connecting an enormous range of disciplines and topics from systems, chaos, and complexity theories to the evolving role of technology in our lives. Not merely a cogent exposition of contemporary thinking, however, Bottom Up extrapolates from abstract ideas to derive practical, everyday steps we can take to improve our chances of global survival, peace, and prosperity. Following Rob's lead, we can change habits as individuals to deepen our connection with others across the planet."
			        Wendell Potter,  former health insurance executive, co-author of Nation on the Take: How Big Money Corrupts Our Democracy and What We Can Do About It, and Founder of Tarbell.org
Top Content
in the Last 2 Days
				  (by Page Views)

The Awful Transformation of Bernie Sanders by earl ofari hutchinson ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Positive Visions of the Future by Blair Gelbond ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The "Eating Disorder" That No One Talks About by Martha Rosenberg ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Hamas Proposes Five-Year Truce in Gaza by Steven Sahiounie ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Eating Healthy is Do-able / Eating healthily on the fly (plus thoughts on hypoglycemia) by Gary Lindorff ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Tomgram: Engelhardt, Apocalyptic Don? by Tom Engelhardt ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The Big Question About the UN Security Council's Gaza Ceasefire Resolution by Thomas Knapp ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Dr Qumsiyeh: Weekly update: International workers' day Posted by Mazin Qumsiyeh ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Holding County Supervisors Accountable? by Carl Petersen ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Making It In America Posted by Robert Borosage ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Expanded thinking expands our world by Katie Singer ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Thomas J. Farrell's Further Reflections on His Life and Work by Thomas Farrell ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The Eclipse as Cosmic Muse by Meryl Ann Butler ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Drones have attacked the Freedom Flotilla by Peter Barus ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The End of Recessions in the United States? by Joel Joseph ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Sonnet in Memory of Adolph Hitler by John Hawkins ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
RFK Jr.'s Food Coloring Policies: A Hill To Dye On? by Thomas Knapp ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Tariffs: Amazon, Walmart Shouldn't Assist Trump In Hiding His Tax Hikes by Thomas Knapp ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
IMAGINING OUR FUTURE: PERILS AND PROMISE Story 1: The Global Brain Is Waking Up by Blair Gelbond ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Social Security and Medicare by FREDERICK FLANAGAN ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Health equity and inclusion remain fundamental to #endMalaria by Citizen News Service - CNS ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Wholly employee owned non-profit corporations. by paul tuten ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Thomas J. Farrell's Encore on the Tragic Anti-Body Heritage of Christianity (REVIEW ESSAY) by Thomas Farrell ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Ukraine:  Notes from the Southeast by George Eliason ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
End the 1917 Espionage Act by John Hawkins ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Go To Top 50 Most Popular

Go To Top 50 Most Popular
Ad info: click here
Copyright © 2002-2025, OpEd News
Powered by Populum