Manage your account
Ed Kelce doesn’t mess around when it comes to his boys. Days after Bethenny Frankel voiced her doubts about Travis Kelce‘s relationship with Taylor Swift in an Instagram video, the tight end’s father succinctly called her out.
Sharing a news article about Frankel’s comments on Facebook, the Kelce patriarch simply wrote: “Who TF is this troll?”
More from Billboard
A Timeline of Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce’s Relationship
TikTok Thinks Beyoncé's 'Texas Hold 'Em' Sounds Like This Classic Canadian Children's Show Theme Song
Teenage Twins Blow Away 'The Voice' Judges With One Direction Cover
Ed’s followers on the platform were quick to back him up, with one person commenting, “No one of importance Papa Kelce … Haters gonna hate.”
In her Feb. 16 Instagram video, Frankel had said that Travis “loves to be the center of attention” and compared the Kansas City Chiefs tight end to someone she dated in the past. “It’s all fun and games now, but when you get into real life, and you get into kids and marriage and things like that, and you get into long distance, it’s not easy,” she warned. “Relationships take work.”
“It’s hard because Taylor Swift is certainly a peacock,” she added at the time. “There really usually can only be one peacock in a relationship.”
The Real Housewives of New York City alum also touched on Travis’ display of excitement after winning the 2024 Super Bowl earlier this month, particularly the moment he shouted out one of Las Vegas’ signature songs during his post-game speech as Swift watched proudly from the field.
“I could never be in a relationship with someone who needed to stand up and grab the microphone and sing and scream ‘Viva Las Vegas,'” Frankel said. “That’s really exciting and electric in the beginning, but it does wear on you. It physically wears on you, it emotionally wears on you.”
The “Anti-Hero” singer has hung out with Travis’ dad at a couple of the athlete’s games since Tayvis first went public in September. At the big game in Las Vegas on Feb. 11, she shared a box suite at Allegiant Stadium with Ed as well as her beau’s mom, Donna, and his brother, Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce.
“She’s very smart,” Ed said of Swift in an October interview, adding that the musician is a “very sweet, very charming, down-to-earth young woman.” “We’re sitting in the suite, she gets up and in the front room, she gets up to go get a drink or something and she starts picking up empty bottles, cans, plates that are scattered around.”
But if Frankel is correct, and both Taylor and Travis are “peacocks,” at least the couple is going to the right places together: Over the weekend, they went on a date to the Sydney Zoo during the pop star’s downtime on the Australian leg of her Eras Tour. Later, the football star caught one of his girlfriend’s shows at Accor Stadium, where he was spotted dancing along next to Katy Perry and Rita Ora and handing out guitar picks to fans.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart