Jennifer Lopez has released "the most personal thing" she's ever done which showed her friends staging an intervention over fears she may be a sex addict.
The 54-year-old finally dropped her brand new film This Is Me... Now: A Love Story in which she plays a fictionalised version of herself. The musical, which was released on Prime Video, draws parallels from J-Lo's life and her headline-grabbing romances.
In one scene, J-Lo returns home to find a group of her friends gathered around a dining table with worried looks on their faces. "What are you guys doing here?" she asked as she walked in with her latest guy.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Why Taylor Swift's new relationship with Travis Kelce is working when the others didn't
As the pals moved to a more comfortable spot in the living room, one of them said: "We think you might be a sex addict." Jennifer was shocked as she laughed and shouted: "What?!"
Another concerned friend replied: "Maybe." Backing up their concerns, Jennifer's wild love life featured heavily in the film and she was seen marrying her third husband.
During the wedding, guests made fun of her love of dating, with one person questioning: "Third time's a charm?" Another said: "This guy don't stand a chance."
J-Lo did a deep-dive into her troubled romances in the movie. Speaking to one of the men she marries, she said: "Being with you feels like home. But I left home for a reason." Speaking in a voiceover, she added: "Whenever someone asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, my answer was always, 'In love'."
When the trailer for This Is Me... Now: A Love Story was released, J-Lo shared it on her Instagram page. Alongside the clip, she wrote: "I have not been this nervous, excited, scared and thrilled to share something with you in years!! The story of the journey from This Is Me…Then to This Is Me…Now is the most personal thing I've ever done."
A behind-the-scenes documentary of the film is now set to be released. Taking to X, Prime Video announced: "Go behind the making of Jennifer’s love story. The Greatest Love Story Never Told, a new documentary from @jlo, arrives February 27."
The documentary will give fans "unflinching access to Jennifer's most personal moments as she works hard to reclaim her narrative through the making of her album and film, 'This is Me…Now'." The documentary will follow the singer's ups and downs on set and features interviews with those closest to her.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.