We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"It's brand appropriate."
Sex Education star Gillian Anderson has confirmed the important reason behind that vagina dress. 
Turning up on the 2024 Golden Globes red carpet on Sunday (January 7), Anderson wowed in a classic strapless white dress which included a hidden detail. 
The dress, which was created by designer Gabriela Hearst, featured a skirt that was embroidered with a risqué design. Sewn onto the skirt of the dress in the same white colour were multiple vaginas that created an abstract looking pattern which could easily have been overlooked. 
Related: Golden Globes host regrets "weird joke" about Taylor Swift following backlash
Opening up about her decision to step out in the unusual ensemble, Anderson encouraged Deadline to take a close look at the dress while explaining its meaning. 
"The dress is designed by Gabriela Hearst, and it has vaginas on it," she explained. 
When asked why she had chosen the garment, Anderson replied: "Oh, for so many reasons. It's brand appropriate."
Fans took to Twitter / X to share their views on the striking outfit with some believing the dress was a nod to her role as sex therapist Dr Jean Milburn in Sex Education. 
"Gillian Anderson said Sex Education may have ended but it is NOT over," wrote one fan. 
"Gillian Anderson wearing a dress embroidered with vaginas, oh she is and will always be the moment," penned another. 
Related: Oppenheimer's Christopher Nolan honours Heath Ledger in first Golden Globes win
In other Golden Globes news, host Jo Koy has said he regrets the "weird joke" he told about Taylor Swift during the ceremony. "I think it was when the Taylor [Swift] one was just a little flat… It was a weird joke, I guess," he told GMA3.
"But it was more on the NFL. I was trying to make fun of the NFL using cutaways and how the Globes didn't have to do that. So it was more of a jab toward the NFL. But it just didn't come out that way."
Reporter, Digital Spy
Harriet is a freelance news writer specialising in TV and movies at Digital Spy. 
A horror enthusiast, she joined Digital Spy after working on her own horror website, reviewing films and focusing largely on feminism in the genre. 
In her spare time, Harriet paints and produces mixed-media art. She graduated from the University of Kingston with a BA in fine art, where she specialised in painting. She also has an MA in journalism from Birkbeck University.

Race Across the World star on drinking amid split
Thunderbolts impresses with strong RT score
Coronation Street's Christina finally get caught
Home and Away’s Eliza to turn violent again
Emmerdale airs Tracy cliffhanger in Nate plot
New trailer for Sean Bean/Taskmaster star's movie
Bake Off judge rescues pilot from crash wreckage
Hollyoaks reveals Lucas' brain tumour decision
I Kissed A Boy shares first-look at 2025 cast
Award-winning drama shares big update on season 2
British revenge thriller adds The Gentlemen star
Coronation Street reveals the future of the Rovers
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.