By
			
			Jennifer O'Brien		

Premiere alert! Summer House Season 8 finally kicked off, and let me tell you, I am more excited about this than Taylor Swift showing up to the Super Bowl and Scandoval combined. Since I learned that Carl Radke and Lindsay Hubbard’s relationship imploded during the summer taping, I have been like a cat on edge, patiently waiting to claw my TV’s metaphorical eyes out. 
I always enjoyed watching Lindsay navigate her way through the summer months in Montauk. It seems like she can never find the love she deserved. So when Carl turned from a fu*k boy to Prince Charming, I had high hopes. But instead of watching their Mexico wedding on the season finale, I’ll be watching their love affair crash and burn over Gurney’s on Old Montauk Highway.  
A post shared by Lindsay Hubbard (@lindshubbs)
Ahead of the premiere, I learned via People that Carl and Lindsay were in a glass case of emotions. Their shared vacation home eventually turned into the modern-day Pompeii. Evidently, the breakup, like the smoke and ashes, was seen from a mile away by the rest of the cast. Kyle Cooke, the couple’s closest friend, told the outlet that he witnessed major issues that “were bigger than most.” Even through the hazy mist of constant fighting, Kyle still never thought the former couple wouldn’t walk down the aisle. 
The 41-year-old told readers, “I saw things that concerned me, but how do you find the right time and place to confront not just Carl but Lindsay, too?” Kyle noted, “These are both my friends, and you’re kind of caught in between this weird place where you don’t want to just speak your mind. You might say something that could jeopardize your friendships. Sometimes, I’m not very eloquent with my timing or my wording, so I have to pick and choose my battles.” 
I think Bravo will choose to spend most of their attention on showing where their relationship got tripped up. The season premiere already showed them stressed about the wedding planning. It makes sense the network will want to capitalize on the little fights. It is going to be hard to beat the compelling drama that RadHouse will bring to the table this season. Even Paige DeSorbo‘s quips won’t be enough to steer the ship back toward the easy, breezy days in the Hamptons. 
A post shared by The Drew Barrymore Show (@thedrewbarrymoreshow)
Even though Carl might be bearing it all on daytime talk shows, the recovering addict is still very much single. I mean, no offense, but if I knew a guy who had called off a wedding the way he did, I wouldn’t be touching him with a ten-foot pole. For all intents and purposes, he would have the plague. Carl told People, “I don’t feel like it’s responsible or fair to try and pursue a new relationship when there’s still some entanglements. I personally feel like it’s best for me to take some more time, really focus on myself, my career, my family, and my friendships. I think, as I keep working towards that, something will happen on the dating side.”
Carl has been pretty outspoken about his breakup with Lindsay. He noted that there were multiple things that were always in front of the couple and that he should have noticed her major hurdles. According to Carl, they never really understood one another. But then why drop down to one knee, Carl? I can’t help but feel the move was a bit of a PR stunt that has seriously backfired now. 
Another clear sign that the season is going to focus on the couple’s failed relationship is each sneak peek has an uncomfortable scene with both Lindsay and Carl. Both are caught talking to their friends and family about their worries. It’s definitely a foreshadowing of what is to come. The Bravo editors were on it the moment Carl called them back to pick up the cameras to film the breakup. 
The preview of Season 8 showed Carl essentially blindsiding Lindsay with the breakup. My heart broke for the Hub House owner, especially because it left me questioning how many times the men in her life would let this woman down before she just chose to be single. Lindsay has been cast in a Girl Boss role, which is great to an extent. But somewhere along the lines, she was made out to be angry and “activated.” We saw this especially when she broke up with Stephen ‘Stravy’ Traversie after his moving PowerPoint presentation where she yelled, “What have you done for me?”
It was a valid question, to be honest, as Lindsay was over in the corner making a family plan in her Lisa Frank notebook. Their relationship hit a boiling point when, after making her boyfriend his zillionth sandwich, she yelled, “How many sandwiches have you made for me?” The answer was zero. The sandwich was a metaphor, obviously, but it hit home. The blonde was expected to play this dutiful role for nothing in return, not even a ring. So, as I sit here and write, I just wonder when Lindsay will be given her sandwich and what filling it will be, or if she will forever be designated to a boring salad. 
TELL US – ARE YOU LOOKING FORWARD TO WATCHING SUMMER HOUSE SEASON WITH LINDSAY AND CARL?
Jennifer O'Brien has been a fan of reality TV ever since Jessica Simpson asked, "Is this chicken or fish?" Jennifer's favorite shows consist of everything Bravo, including the 'Real Housewives' franchises, 'Below Deck' franchises, and 'Southern Charm.' Without a doubt, Jennifer's passion for reality TV shines through as she often tries to get to the bottom of major plot lines like Vanderpump Rules' "Scandoval."
Share article