ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
MINOT — Because the story didn't include Taylor Swift, or Donald Trump, or the latest drama involving some reality television show, you might not have heard that our country, the United States, has landed on the moon 
    
      for the first time since 1972.

It may not be your fault that this news flew under your radar, given how much of our attentional bandwidth is filled by social media programming, artificial intelligence and real, live human journalists trying to make a living by chasing the trends driven by both. 
ADVERTISEMENT
All of those endeavors are organized around producing the sort of things you and I will click on and pay attention to. So maybe it is our fault.
Still, it happened, however much the world was paying attention. We're on the moon again, and isn't that something? It's a robotic lander and not a manned mission, but it's also a stepping stone. The Odysseus lander is part of 
    
      NASA's Artemis program 
    
      that aims to put humanity on the moon again by 2025 or so.
The space program has always captured my imagination, even though, in the taxonomy of dweebs, my phylum is more humanities nerd than science dork. Still, I gobbled up 
    
      Asimov
    
       and 
    
      Heinlein
    
       and 
    
      Clarke
    
       in middle school. I once got in trouble with my Sunday school teacher for surreptitiously reading a copy of Tom Wolfe's 
    
      "The Right Stuff"
    
       when I was supposed to be contemplating scripture.
I adored Tom Hanks in 
    
      "Apollo 13." 


"For All Mankind"
    
       is, for my money, the best television show to come along in a decade.
But, aside from the romance of exploring space, the Odysseus landing seems a quintessentially American accomplishment, made up of all the ingredients that make our country great. Yes, Uncle Sam is writing the checks, but it's more than that. The lander was developed by a private company called 
    
      Intuitive Machines.
    
       It hitched a ride on a rocket launched by another private American company, 
    
      SpaceX.


One of the founders of Intuitive Machines
    
       is 
    
      Kam Ghaffarian,
    
       who was born in Iran and watched the Apollo 11 landing from there before coming to America to attend college as a teenager. The company's chief science officer is 
    
      Ben Bussey,
    
       a Brit.
ADVERTISEMENT
This is not at all unlike the space program of the 1960s. Northrup Gruman built the Lunar Modules for the Apollo program. 
    
      Wernher von Braun,
    
       born in what was then the German Empire, is often called the father of the American lunar missions. 
    
      Gene Cernan,
    
       the son of Czechoslovakian immigrants, was the last American to walk on the moon as a part of Apollo 17.
I could cite more examples, but you get my point. The exploration of space has, for the most part, been conducted by a beautiful tapestry of humanity hosted by the United States. And isn't that great?
"Make America Great Again," the political slogan tells us, but I would argue that America has always been great. 
Flawed, yes. At times falling short of our aspirations, yes. But exceptional nonetheless. 
In the 1960s, with the horrors of World War II just a generation behind us, von Braun, a former member of the Nazi party, 
    
      came together with Jewish scientists 
    
      and people from all manner of backgrounds to put Americans on the moon.
We were great then. And we're great today when, 
    
      as violence and religious factions once again convulse the Middle East,
    
       a man of Iranian heritage can help found a company in Texas and work with Americans and Brits and people of many other nationalities on putting Americans back on the moon.
We used to care more about these sorts of stories. We used to take pride in America being a destination for talented people from all over the world. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Ronald Reagan, the most popular president of my lifetime, was proud to describe our country as one "teeming with people of all kinds living in harmony and peace," 
    
      as he said in his farewell address.
    
       A place "with free ports that hummed with commerce and creativity." He said that "if there had to be ... walls" around our nation, they would have "doors" that are "open to anyone with the will and the heart to get here."
America was, in 1989, "still a beacon, still a magnet for all who must have freedom, for all the pilgrims from all the lost places who are hurtling through the darkness, toward home," Reagan said. His words weren't considered to be controversial then. They would be, today, I'm afraid.
What he described is what America was. It's what America still is, I think, our politics be damned. I wish we talked about it more.
But, hey, did you hear that Donald Trump is 
    
      now selling tennis shoes?

ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT