Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				Sabrina Carpenter shared her go-to lip combination for the Era's Tour, which includes this reasonably-priced lip gloss.			

Shop

If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, we may receive an affiliate commission. Learn more about our policies and reviews.
As an opening act for Taylor Swift‘s renowned Era’s Tour, Sabrina Carpenter consistently graces the stage with her stunning presence. We’ve had a recent revelation about her pre-performance routine —  the use of NYX PROFESSIONAL MAKEUP Fat Oil Lip Drip for her lips. This lip product, apart from being budget-friendly, offers luxurious moisture and provides a beautifully pigmented tint, ensuring your lips look as captivating as Sabrina’s every time you use it. She also uses the NYX Slim Lip Liner, which is under $5 and ensures the perfect pout.
Shop the NYX PROFESSIONAL MAKEUP Fat Oil Lip Drip for $8.97 and the NYX Slim Lip Liner for $4.96 on Amazon today!
In a TikTok Sabrina posted, she shared a video applying these two lip products. “Get ready with me for eras night 3 in Buenos Aires,” she wrote. After using the lip liner and the lip gloss, her entire look was brought together and she was really to hit the stage. 
The lip gloss is glossy without feeling sticky — infused with vegan squalane and rich in shine. It’ll provide up to 12 hours of hydration and protection, so not only does it look gorgeous, but there are benefits infused into the product as well.
As for the lip liner, it’s super longwearing and versatile. Whether you want to overline your lips for a full glam or just want a soft pouty look, this liner will do the job. There are plenty of neutral shades to choose from and since they’re so inexpensive, it’s easy to start a collection! All you have to do is glide it on your lips and it applies seamlessly without any smudging or fading. 
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect