When it comes to pricey tech, Taylor Swift knows that it’s delicate.
And the star regularly protects her iPhone without sacrificing style, thanks to cute covers like the lavender haze-hued Burga Golden Taupe Case ($50).
She showed off the mauve must-have on the set of her “Bejeweled” music video in 2022 — matching it to an equally colorful sky-high wig — in addition to carrying it for a more laid-back outing that summer.
Burga Golden Taupe Phone Case
The sleek case comes in sizes to fit practically every iteration of the iPhone, in addition to models from Samsung, Motorola, Google Pixel and more.
Page Six Style Editor (and noted Swiftie) Elana Fishman is also a fan of the geode-inspired design, having purchased her own after spotting it on the pop superstar.
“It’s slim and sleek but still packs a punch in terms of phone protection,” Fishman says. “Plus, it’s just so pretty — I get lots of compliments on this case.”
Other Burga enthusiasts include Whitney Port and Lucy Hale; the latter’s covered her iPhone with both the diamond-patterned Everyday Escape Case ($50) and the checkered Ivy League Case ($50).
Burga’s cases have even appeared on-screen; in “Bodies Bodies Bodies,” Pete Davidson’s character uses the Almond Latte Case ($50), which also made a cameo in Netflix’s “Never Have I Ever.”
Burga Ivy League Case
Burga Almond Latte Case
In addition to offering a wide variety of season-less standbys, the brand is constantly refreshing its inventory with everything from cardigan cases to holiday designs to, most recently, a tech-y take on the bow trend.
Below, shop a selection of our favorite cases from the company; with so many up for grabs, you’re sure to find a style that calls your name.
Stay vigilant about protecting your tech with this cute geometric option.
Because even your phone deserves a piece of the quiet luxury look.
A gorgeous green spin on Swift’s favorite case.
Burga’s latest collection includes this lace-covered style.
For a pop of color, pop this bold blue design on your phone.