Could these factors mean the end of their “Love Story”?
Dr. Phil and “Millionaire Matchmaker” star Patti Stanger weighed in on the biggest risk factors that could threaten the longevity of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s romance during a teaser for the special “TMZ Investigates: Taylor & Travis: Ultimate Love Story.”
“The biggest risk factor I see is that if they both have schedules that are so full that they fight to spend quality time together,” Dr. Phil McGraw stated in a clip that was shared on Sunday.
“Long distances are hard,” Stanger added. “They don’t go to CVS to do the errands, but remember what he said, he said, ‘I Iike that she’s like that.'”
“The other ones might have felt competitive and inferior,” she noted, referring to Swift’s history of dating several high-profile men such as Joe Jonas, Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhaal and, more recently, Joe Alwyn.  
Something else that could spell doom for Kelce and Swift, both 34, would be their lack of privacy. 
“There is another challenge, privacy,” Charles Latibeaudiere, TMZ’s executive producer, said. 
“Something that has proved more than elusive for Taylor since she was a teenager and something Travis has been experiencing in a big way since he started dating her.” 
“There is no such thing as privacy anymore for them, “Shark Tank” judge Mark Cuban chimed in. “It does not exist.”
“Having security and having people around you is such a scene wherever you go. So the first thing you have to understand is that they have zero privacy.”
The in-depth look at the relationship between the musician and the Kanas City Chiefs tight end comes as the pair have taken social media — and the world — by storm.
The Super Bowl champ initially invited the singer to one of his games at Arrowhead Stadium after failing to give her his number during her Eras tour stop in Kansas City, Missouri. 
The “Cruel Summer” singer later showed up at Kelce’s game against the Chicago Bears and was seen leaving with Kelce through the player’s entrance.
Swift revealed in her Time’s Person of the Year profile that they were already an item when she made her NFL debut. 
“By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple,” she revealed. “Football is awesome, it turns out. I’ve been missing out my whole life.
“I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date,” she continued. “When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care.”
The couple went on to make a surprise appearance on “Saturday Night Live,” and Kelce has traveled to Argentina and Australia to see her perform.
Earlier this month, the 14-time Grammy winner also immediately booked it to Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas after performing for four nights in Japan. His team would go on to beat the San Francisco 49ers 25-22.
“Thank you for coming, baby,” Kelce was heard telling Swift on the field after the win.
“Oh, I cannot believe that. I can’t believe you,” she replied. “How did you do that?”
“Thank you for making it halfway across the world,” he gushed. “You’re the best, baby. The absolute best.”
Off the field, Kelce has been more private about their relationship — and any upcoming engagement plans. During a pregame interview, the athlete shut down wedding rumors.
“I’m focused on getting this ring, and that’s all that my mind’s focused on right now,” he said. 
“TMZ Investigates: Taylor & Travis: Ultimate Love Story” airs Monday on FOX at 9 p.m. EST.
Advertisement