Travis Kelce may still yearn for "The One That Got Away." A resurfaced clip from a 2016 interview shows Kelce being asked to choose among three of the biggest pop stars to "Kill, Marry, or Kiss." His options were Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, and Ariana Grande. After he reluctantly chooses to "kill" Ariana, whom he noted was great, he narrowed it down to Taylor and Katy. In the clip, he picks Katy for marriage and Taylor for kissing. Fast forward to real life six years later, and the Kansas City Chiefs tight end is dating the "Anti-Hero."
The clip was shared following Perry's appearance at Swift's Australia Eras Tour last week. The American Idol judge, 39, was joined by Taika Waititi and Rita Ora, while Kelce was also in attendance to support his girlfriend. Perry took to Instagram to share photos and videos from the concert which include a selfie with Swift as well as her reaction to the song "Bad Blood," which is rumored to be about a past feud between the two singers. The two pop superstars have since squashed that beef when Perry starred in Swift's 2019 cameo-packed music video for "You Need To Calm Down."
The "Dark Horse" singer wrote for her post caption: "got to see an old friend shine tonight." One fan commented on Perry's post: "Katy singing bad blood when that song was written for her." Another commented, "2014 me would’ve never believed this would happen." A third fan hilariously wrote: "In a plot twist it turns out bandaids DO fix bullet holes."

A post shared by

Meanwhile, Kelce, 34, also appeared to enjoy the show from the VIP tent. He was spotted singing along to Swift's songs and interacting and exchanging friendship bracelets with Swifties. This turn of events appear to have surprised fans who wrote: "was not expecting a katy perry x travis kelce bad blood moment in the year of our lord 2024."
After years and millions of dollars, the high-tech entertainment venue that is the Las Vegas Sphere has become "a world-first immersive destination." The venue first opened in Las Vegas in September 2023, snagging U2 with an ongoing concert residency starting on September 29 and running through March 2. The band's longtime collaborator and technical director Stefaan “Smasher” Desmedt and technology partner Weka worked together to make the band’s stunning visual imagery in 4K video.
The Sphere’s LED screen inside the theater is 160,000 square feet, boasting 16,000 pixels by 16,000 pixels — the highest resolution in the world. Also featuring 1,600 speaker panels using spatial audio through the screen without any visible speakers in the auditorium, the venue makes those in attendance fully immersed in sound and visuals. The arena can hold up to 18,600 guests in the auditorium. It is no wonder why the company wants to expand, as it is clearly leading the entertainment industry in the right direction.

A post shared by

Besides U2, rumors of Beyoncé planning a Las Vegas residency at the Sphere swirled after her Super Bowl country album announcement in which she sat atop the glowing globe. Partnering with Verizon in the $50 million advertisement, the "Texas Hold 'Em" singer tries to break the internet over and over again. Taking on different personas and skills, she opens a lemonade stand, drops a "saxy" album, becomes a Twitch gamer by the handle @IamSlayoncé, a Beyonc-AI double, Bar-Bey, running for "BOTUS," on top of the Sphere atop a silver horse, and the first woman to launch the first rocket to the first performance in space. The commercial concluded by cryptically teasing the release of "new music," Beyoncé's country album, Act II, on March 29th.
According to the Sphere's website, the immersive venue will host a wide variety of events, including concerts and residencies from the world’s biggest artists, as well as films. Take a look below at five amazing pop artists who would have amazing performances at the Sphere:
With nine albums under her belt, Pink is a seasoned pop artist that would have an amazing residency at the Sphere. Her sound is unique, with her rock-influenced pop songs and powerful voice. She is also known for her aerial acrobatic stage presence in imaginative and creative ways. The artist would be a sight to see when accompanied with stunning visuals that would blow her fans away.
Obviously, anywhere Taylor Swift would play would be sold out in seconds. The record-breaking pop icon performing a residency at the Sphere would be an iconic feat that Swifties would hold dear forever. Though Taylor isn't exactly known for crazy visuals like Pink, we know she has an artistic vision when it comes to her visuals. If Swift were to play the Sphere, it would be interesting to see what kind of cinematic visuals she would have playing around her to accompany her acclaimed music catalog.
Lady Gaga is well-known for her elaborate stage and costumes. If she were to have a residency at the Sphere, we are sure she would go all-out for her Little Monsters. Her versatility and energy is unmatched in the pop industry. Gaga's commitment to her art is impressive. Along with that, her music videos are always well-thought out and creative, and she would surely bring that creative vision to the Sphere.
The rising pop star may not have several albums under her belt like these other seasoned musicians, but she has quickly proven she has the chops to remain a staple in the pop industry. We have already seen her live performances wow audiences with her use of the stage, incorporating moving and climbable objects, suspends herself in the air, and perfect choreography -- all while belting out her hits perfectly. Performing at the Sphere would only cement her status as a pop icon with the visuals we are sure would blow the audience away.
Katy Perry's live performances are as iconic as Pink and Lady Gaga's when we think of elaborate stage sets and costumes. With a more whimsical flair, Perry would turn the Sphere into a magical world when performing songs from her six albums. She has larger-than-life concerts and gives her fans exactly what they want: fun. She has had a Vegas residency before, so if she were to play at the Sphere, we know the pop icon would provide mind-blowing visuals to accompany her set.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!