Manage your account
OGDEN, Utah (ABC4) — A college course centered completely around the study of American pop icon Taylor Swift “hits all the right notes,” according to Weber State University officials.
The Taylor Swift Studies course was a new addition to the Department of English at WSU this spring semester. What could you learn from studying Taylor Swift’s music? According to the university, there is quite a bit.
 Spring outlook forecasts above-average weather, uncertain precipitation 
Each week, Associate Professor Emily January, who is teaching the elective course, selects a different theme for class readings and discussions. Topics range from girlhood to politics and feminism. The class’ latest study analyzed protest songs and novels related to Swift’s 2019 song “Miss Americana & The Heartbreak Prince.”
According to Weber State University, the class has been a resounding success. It filled almost immediately after the class opened. It became so popular, that the university heard a demand from graduate students asking for a Taylor Swift-related course as well.
Students who managed to get into the class have said they’ve enjoyed January’s educational take on the pop star’s music, saying January has pushed them to “read between the lyrics.” Senior student Lindsey Rowley, who has been a Swiftie since her debut album in 2006, said the class isn’t a fan club, as many might think, but an opportunity to learn about Swift and her impact on the world.
“It’s academically enlightening. I feel like I learn something new or adopt a new way of thinking that I would not have gained otherwise,” said Rowley. “I do enjoy listening to her music as homework, but there is a substantial amount of analysis that comes with it.”
 This parkway ranks as the most-visited national park again in 2023: new NPS data 
January said courses such as Taylor Swift Studies, which are becoming more and more popular nationwide, are a good way to introduce students to topics or areas of study they may not otherwise explore.
“I think a lot of what’s happening in higher education is that we’re having to not only connect to the students in class, but we need to entice them to enroll in the first place,” said January. “If we’re giving them this with something they’re already familiar with, then we give them the power to learn and educate themselves about the deeper issues that surround those beloved topics.”
As Swift continues her globally successful Eras Tour and continues to capture headlines, the class will continue to have new material to discuss even as the semester begins to wind down. Swift’s next album, titled “The Tortured Poets Department,” is expected to be released on April 19, the Friday before finals week at Weber State.
January said her students asked to meet for an extra class to discuss and analyze the album, a first in January’s teaching career.
“It’s been really gratifying to experience, to see how excited students are to engage in conversation,” said January.
January said she plans to teach Taylor Swift Studies again in fall 2024.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to ABC4 Utah.