We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"So many jaw-on-the-floor moments."
Married At First Sight star Mel Schilling has revealed the 2024 Australian season will be filled with more drama than ever before.
The hit reality show is soon set to return to screens as season 11 gets its UK debut on E4.
Teasing ahead to the upcoming episodes, Schilling revealed she was stunned by the "abhorrent and inappropriate" behaviour showcased by some season 11 cast members.
Related: MAFS star Olivia Frazer reveals Taylor Swift-inspired hair transformation
In a recent interview, the relationship expert explained how the new season differs to its predecessors and confessed some moments left her "literally gobsmacked".
"In other seasons, I think we've had one really fascinating, interesting story running through where there's been a couple of key players and everyone's been really focused in on what's going on in their dynamic," she told Yahoo Lifestyle. "But this time, it's like there's so many different little subplots going on.
"There are so many interesting dynamics that happen between people that you wouldn't even expect."
Related: MAFS UK's JJ Slater confirms romance with Katie Price
Further detailing the chaos and drama fans will see play out on-screen, Schilling called out the bad behaviour exhibited by some of the cast.
"Sometimes I think I've heard it all and then one of these participants opens their mouth and something completely unexpected comes out," she explained. "I think, 'Wow, I didn't think it could get any worse and there it is'.
"There’s a number of people who behave in ways that are absolutely abhorrent and inappropriate and cross boundaries that just should never happen in any social environment."
Related: Channel 4 responds after MAFS UK's Nathanial reveals social anxiety diagnosis
"You will have so many jaw-on-the-floor moments from a whole range of different people, and really from some people that you won’t expect," Schilling added.
Fans can also soon catch-up with the MAFS UK cast as the brides and grooms from 2023 reunite for a special episode airing on February 26.
Married at First Sight UK airs on E4 in the UK. Married at First Sight Australia airs on Nine Network in Australia and E4 in the UK.
Interested in talking about Married at First Sight? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
News Editor, Digital Spy
Emma is an experienced entertainment news journalist with NCTJ accreditation and a First-Class Honours Degree in Journalism. Having started her career as a broadcast journalist, Emma’s voice has been heard on varying radio stations across the UK including Absolute, Magic, BBC Three Counties Radio, LBC London News and more.  
Later specialising in multimedia entertainment news, Emma has brushed shoulders with numerous famous faces and interviewed the likes of Edward Norton, Margot Robbie, Sir Michael Palin, Rick Astley, and too many soap stars to count. Having produced a range of engaging news content over the years for brands such as 7Digital’s Entertainment News, Yahoo, and Express Online, Emma eventually joined Digital Spy in 2022 as Deputy News Editor, becoming Acting News Editor in 2023 and then News Editor in 2024.  
While she’s gained lots of praise during celebrity interviews throughout her career, the most memorable compliment Emma’s ever received was when a Game of Thrones star remarked "Your teeth are stunning!". LinkedIn
 
MAFS Australia bride left "disgusted" by husband
MAFS Australia cast left stunned by bride
MAFS UK’s Caspar Todd announces engagement 
MAFS Australia bride removes ring in shock twist
MAFS Ella Morgan reacts to Supreme Court ruling
MAFS Australia fans suspect bride's "crush"
MAFS Australia: Groom's bombshell threatens feud
MAFS Australia: Controversial couple quits show
MAFS Australia fans divided over brides' row
MAFS bride breaks down in tears after row
MAFS Australia row: Bride walks out on co-stars
MAFS duo confirm real life engagement
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.