Raise your hand if you have ever felt personally victimized by Jo Koy.
Reneé Rapp has become one of the latest celebrities to call out the comedian for his lackluster opening monologue at the Golden Globes Sunday.
During a game of “ins and outs” posted to TikTok by “Today with Hoda & Jenna” Monday, the “Mean Girls” star, 23, shared that one of her “outs” for the year was “the man that was making a bunch of jokes about women last night at the Golden Globes.”
Rapp — who plays the iconic Regina George in the new musical adaptation — was referring to the multiple jokes that Koy made at the expense of female actors and musicians during his set.
One of the most notable fails of the evening was when the “Easter Sunday” star, 52, took aim at Taylor Swift for the NFL’s choice to repeatedly show her on TV when she’s in the crowd supporting boyfriend Travis Kelce.
“The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL — on the Golden Globes we have fewer camera shots to Taylor Swift,” he said, before adding “sorry about that” when he realized the quip didn’t land as planned.
The camera quickly panned to the “Blank Space” songstress, 34, who held a stoic expression as she sipped from her champagne flute. 
Koy also took a jab at “Barbie,” saying that the award-winning film was about a “plastic doll with big boobies.”
“‘Oppenheimer’ is based on a 721-page Pulitzer Prize-winning book about the Manhattan Project, and ‘Barbie’ is on a plastic doll with big boobies,” the comedian said. 
“The key moment in ‘Barbie’ is when she goes from perfect beauty to bad breath, cellulite and flat feet. Or what casting directors call character actor!”
For more Page Six you love…
Cameras caught Selena Gomez seemingly burying her head in disappointment in a clip that has now made the rounds on social media.
In addition to Rapp, “Days of Our Lives” star Deidre Hall also slammed Koy, calling his performance a “complete embarrassment to himself and the Academy.”
However, others have defended the Golden Globes’ last-minute host, including the stars of “The View.”
“If you don’t know the room, if you’ve not been in these rooms before and you’re thrust out there, it’s hit or miss,” Whoopi Goldberg said Monday. “[But Jo is] as good as it gets when it comes to stand-ups.”
Sara Haines also added, “What bothers me more in watching this is, get a sense of humor, because we need to protect these national treasures called our comedians because life needs them.”
Koy, who blamed “the writers” during his monologue, admitted Monday that he had an “off night.”
When asked on “GMA3” when the evening went “off the cliff,” he said, “I think it was when the Taylor [Swift] one was just a little flat. … It was a weird joke, I guess.”
He continued, “I was trying to make fun of the NFL using cutaways and how the Globes didn’t have to do that. So it was more of a jab toward the NFL. But it just didn’t come out that way.”
Furthermore, the “Chelsea Lately” alum conceded that his set “fell a little short.”
Reflecting on the backlash and onslaught of negative reviews, Koy told the outlet that he would “be lying” if he said “it doesn’t hurt.”
“It’s a tough room. It was a hard job, I’m not going to lie,” he said.
Advertisement