by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	Nearly everyone in Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s inner circles have praised the couple, with many claiming it’s the happiest they’ve ever seen them, how they are improving themselves, and being more open than ever before. It’s such a sweet thing to see in real time, and now, another member of the Chiefs is dishing some details about how Kelce has changed since dating Swift. (Hint: get ready to aww!)

	










	During the Feb. 23 episode of The Sports Shop With Reese & Kmac, the Chiefs defensive backs coach Dave Merritt said Swift made Kelce into a ‘different man.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Hilaria Baldwin Reveals Why She Was 'Ready To Walk' Away From Alec Baldwin Marriage		
	










	“She actually affected the team in a positive way. Everybody was excited that Travis was happy. So when my player, my brother, is happy beside me, that helps me and that encourages me,” he said. “And so Travis came in there a different man [over the summer]. So she helped us.”

	We’ve said it once, we’ll say it a thousand times: we love couples who bring out the best in one another!



	For those who don’t know, Kelce and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but they actually got together months prior and kept their romance private until the time was right. Since then, they’ve been inseparable, going to football games together and Kelce making cross-country trips to see Swift’s tour.

	On The Pat McAfee Show via Today on Jan. 31, 2024, Kelce talked about how in love he is with Swift, saying “It’s a beautiful thing, isn’t it?” He added, “Hopefully everybody realizes we’re just two people in a relationship supporting each other and having fun with it, man. It’s nothing more than that.”
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.