Jesse Baird, 26, and his boyfriend Luke Davies, 29, were a picture of young love. They shared joyful snaps on Instagram, including one at a Pink concert, grinning and waiting for the pop star to appear.
But their lives took a tragic turn when they were found dead, their bodies stuffed into surfboard bags and buried in a remote farmland two hours from their home in Sydney, Australia.
Shockingly, the man accused of their murder is Beau Lamarre-Condon, a former celebrity blogger and local police officer. He allegedly used his Glock service pistol as the murder weapon.
His colleagues were puzzled by his lavish lifestyle, which seemed out of sync with his £40,000 salary as a police constable.
READ MORE: Presenter and lover 'shot by jilted cop' as bodies found stuffed in surf bags
Now, he's been charged with the horrific crime, with unrequited love believed to be the motive. Detective Superintendent Danny Doherty revealed that there had been some sort of relationship between Lamarre and Baird, but it did not "end well."
Corey-Dean Thorpe, a friend and former partner of Baird, has shared that he helped Baird write a text to Lamarre. The message said: "I would appreciate it if you could refrain from contacting me."
People, both friends and strangers, came to Baird's rented house in the fashionable area of Paddington in Sydney to leave flowers. One card read 'RIP'. Another said, "I still grieve for your loss."
Luke Davies was a happy member of the cabin crew for Australian airline Qantas, while Baird lived a more public life.
For all the latest news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US
After graduating in drama and media, he left his hometown of Melbourne in 2017 to chase a career in TV. He chose to live in Sydney, where he became a travelling reporter for the popular TV station Channel 10.
Baird was also known as an 'Aussie Rules' football umpire, set to referee a pre-season practice match on February 20.
Sadly, he was killed just one day before. Friends have been quick to say that they don't think Baird and Lamarre were involved.
"(Lamarre) was not his ex-boyfriend," one of Baird's friends, TV producer Isaac Muller, told an Australian TV show. "They were never going out."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.