This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Even Adam Sandler sometimes gets nervous when meeting A-list celebrities.
Most notably, Taylor Swift. The "Spaceman" actor revealed he gets a "little f---ing jumpy" around the pop star in a new interview.
"Taylor Swift because of what she means to my kids, I get a little f---ing jumpy, because I don't want to blow it for my kids," Sandler said during an appearance on SiriusXM's "Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend." "I talk a little too loud. I don't act as cool as I can."
"I can see that," O'Brien responded, noting how famous Swift has become. "I mean, she's this whole other level now."
TAYLOR SWIFT PASSES BILLIONAIRE STATUS IN MUSIC INDUSTRY ERA OF ARTISTS LOSING MILLIONS
Adam Sandler claimed Taylor Swift is the one celebrity that makes him a "little f--king jumpy." (Getty Images)
Sandler compared Swift to The Beatles, specifically how people knew all of their songs.
"People talk about The Beatles of it all and her. I mean, f---, so many smash hits. There's not a word my kids don't know."
O'Brien admitted his daughter knows all of Swift's songs as well.
"I know them too, by the way," Sandler quipped, before adding, "but they know them inside and out. But remember The Beatles… every single song on the record you knew — that's Taylor Swift too. There's not a song you skip. You go, ‘Oh that one's pretty cool.'"
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Adam Sandler's kids are fans of Taylor Swift. (Graham Denholm/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Swift has cemented her place among The Beatles after breaking multiple records set by the band. In July 2023, the "Midnights" singer matched one of the band's most impressive records — having three songs from three different albums within the Billboard Hot 100.
At that time, "I Can See You (Taylor’s Version) (From the Vault)" on "Speak Now (Taylor's Version)" landed at No. 5, "Cruel Summer" from "Lover" at No. 9, and "Karma" with Ice Spice from "Midnights" at No. 10.
The Beatles also accomplished this feat in February 1964, according to Forbes.
"I Want To Hold Your Hand" from "Meet The Beatles" as No. 1, "She Loves You" from "The Beatles' Second Album" at No. 2, and "Please Please Me" from "Introducing... The Beatles" at No. 6.
Taylor Swift has broken records set by The Beatles. (Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Taylor Swift is set to take the stage in Tokyo on March 2 for "The Eras Tour." (Scott Eisen/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Swift is currently on the international leg of her "Eras Tour." She is set to take the stage for six nights in Singapore.
She has broken a handful of records on this tour. Most recently, Swift performed to her largest audience of 96,000 people at the Melbourne Cricket Ground — an accomplishment she did three nights in a row.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.