Fans of that galaxy far, far away were surprised by the announcement on Tuesday morning that a new movie starring and called The Mandalorian & Grogu will be the first Star Wars film since 2019's The Rise of Skywalker. As if that wasn't enough, it was also confirmed that Season 2 of Ahsoka was officially in development.
We didn't learn too much about these projects, but that didn't stop the internet from sharing their excitement over the big reveals, and we're here to gather some of the best ones:
Grogu has been a hit ever since we were calling him Baby Yoda, but fans have long wanted to see all that cuteness (and, sure, Pedro Pascal's Mandalorian too) on the big screen. Don't get us wrong, the TV format was a great way to introduce the story of The Mandalorian but, as Nicole Kidman said in that legendary AMC Theaters commercial, "We come to this place for magic." And Din Djarin and Grogu in theaters sure sounds like magic to a lot of fans.
"My heart is RACING!!!" @acrossthestars wrote on X/Twitter. "I can’t wait to watch The Mandalorian & Grogu on the big screen! The article also confirms Ahsoka Season 2! I’m thrilled! I knew that with the success of the show, it had to happen but it’s such a great feeling to know it’s official now."
My heart is RACING!!!I can’t wait to watch The Mandalorian & Grogu on the big screen! The article also confirms Ahsoka Season 2! I’m thrilled! I knew that with the success of the show, it had to happen but it’s such a great feeling to know it’s official now. https://t.co/6gG3Xzclcr
@djarinsaber is so excited they already want to plan outfits for the premiere - you know, like how we all wore pink for Barbie.
besties what are we wearing to the mandalorian movie premiere? pic.twitter.com/dohJQYZiIQ
@spoiler4you couldn't wait to go all Sherlock Holmes and get psyched about everything there is to know about The Mandalorian and Grogu. We're rooting for you to get that award, Ly!
me if going insane after every new crumb of the mandalorian and grogu content was an award pic.twitter.com/ddSWt6mlOs
Even IGN's Ryan McCaffrey can't wait for The Mandalorian & Grogu to usher us into a new era of Star Wars.
"YESSSSSSS! The Mandalorian and Grogu," McCaffrey wrote. "Now THIS is what I'm talking about. Leave the Skywalkers behind! Let's get some NEW Star Wars on the big screen. I have full confidence in Favreau!"
YESSSSSSS! The Mandalorian and Grogu. Now THIS is what I'm talking about. Leave the Skywalkers behind! Let's get some NEW Star Wars on the big screen. I have full confidence in Favreau! https://t.co/nViWS3RifF
@jtimsuggs is not only excited about The Mandalorian & Grogu, but also the potential of what this film and all the others in the works at Lucasfilm mean.
"The best part about this news is that it shows with upcoming Star Wars theatrical projects, there’s quite literally something for everyone," @jtimsuggs wrote. "Fan of The Mandalorian? Here’s a movie about Din and Grogu together! Fan of The Sequels? Here’s a Rey film about her building a New Jedi Order! Fan of Rebels and Prequel stuff? Here’s a New Republic Era event film with Ahsoka as a leading character. Fan of the mysticism and origins of The Force and Jedi Order? Here’s a film all about the Dawn of the Jedi.
"If you’re going to pioneer Star Wars beyond the Skywalker Saga, I feel like this is the best possible option."
The best part about this news is that it shows with upcoming Star Wars theatrical projects, there’s quite literally something for everyone.• Fan of The Mandalorian? Here’s a movie about Din and Grogu together!• Fan of The Sequels? Here’s a Rey film about her building a New… https://t.co/t7ccKeBGNQ pic.twitter.com/amyfR0HZ7n
Not everyone is convinced, however. Some are a bit confused, like @cap_rexofthe501, as to whether this means The Mandalorian Season 4 is now this movie or if it is something totally separate.
So Season 4 IS the movie? Or Season 4 separate?? 🤔#TheMandalorian pic.twitter.com/4lfVDIq0Gy
@ewansobi is also a bit upset The Mandalorian "gets a feature length film but not Obi-Wan." Never say never!
I’m sorry but the Mandalorian gets a feature length film but not Obi-Wan pic.twitter.com/xM6SUelNYZ
The big news of the day was obviously The Mandalorian & Grogu, but tucked away in the StarWars.com press release was the expected but still exciting confirmation that Ahsoka Season 2 is officially in development.
@AndyReveles took the timely video of Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift at the Golden Globes to portray their excitment over the news.
“#TheMandalorian and Grogu are going to the big screen AND we are getting #Ahsoka season 2” pic.twitter.com/uffFNMomEn
@Lunaraie summed our reaction up perfectly when they said, "AHSOKA SEASON 2 CONFIRMED ALONGSIDE THE MANDALORIAN MOVIE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE." 
While the excitment is high, @REYSKYGOAT wants to remind the show's creators that there will be trouble with Ezra actor Eman Esfandi's beard doesn't return in Season 2.
eman esfandi if that beard doesn’t return with you in ahsoka season two… pic.twitter.com/0ZdQMY330p
During Ahsoka's first season, many fans fell in love with Shin Hati and Sabine Wren and wished for nothing more for them to eventually get together. As it turns out, the actors themselves are all in for this #WolfWren relationship to bloom in Season 2, as seen in the comments of a collection of fan art Sabine actress Natasha Liu Bordizzo shared on her instagram.
Even Rosario Dawson took the time to leave a comment that says, "been obssed with everyone's obsession. More please! #WolfWren for the win."
@tjlyasalem echoed this excitement with the news, saying "AHSOKA SEASON 2 CONFIRMED. #WOLFWREN RISE." @milevengood is just very happy with the news and that, relationship or not, these two will be back.
Ahsoka season 2 has been renewed and very soon we will see these two together💜🤍#Ahsoka #wolfwren pic.twitter.com/q8kjmDX6ps
@DonovanMeade is overjoyed for another reason, as they said, "The most important thing about this is that we’re getting more Huyang, which is all that matters!"
As you can clearly see, the excitment is high for both The Mandalorian & Grogu and Ahsoka Season 2. How do you feel about the news? Let us know in the comments below!
For more, check out every other upcoming Star Wars movie and TV show and our breakdowns of the endings of both The Mandalorian Season 3 and Ahsoka Season 1 so you can remember where we left off before we jump to the future!
Have a tip for us? Want to discuss a possible story? Please send an email to newstips@ign.com.
Adam Bankhurst is a news writer for IGN. You can follow him on Twitter @AdamBankhurst and on Twitch.
Not yet available for streaming.