Embracing weirdness at the Florida Man Games – LINK
Money-Saving Tip from Kellogg’s: Feed Your Kids Cereal for Dinner – LINK
Woman stabbed boyfriend’s penis with scissors after learning how many lovers he’s had – LINK
MUSIC
With last week’s news that Alex Van Halen is writing his autobiography, titled Brothers, we asked Michael Anthony, while aboard the Rock Legends Cruise, if he’ll follow suit. He said when Sammy Hagar published his, Red: My Uncensored Life in Rock in 2011, he was approached by Sam’s publisher, but said “I haven’t felt that it’s time yet” – LINK
Falling in Reverse’s website is down and fans have noticed that frontman Ronnie Radke’s Twitter account has been deleted. Radke has stirred controversy while sharing his thoughts on the platform, including thoughts on transphobia and using laptops during live performances. He’s also done some good on X, though, like helping a fan pay off credit card debt and helping another fan pay of medical expenses. No word is a big announcement is expected from Radke or his band – LINK
Willie Nelson‘s Outlaw Music Festival is coming to St. Louis on September 8th at Hollywood Casino Amp. Bob Dylan will join Nelson on all 26 shows, with Robert Plant and Alison Kraus on board for the first leg with John Mellencamp on board for the second and third legs. Our date will have Willie Nelson & Family, Bob Dylan, John Mellencamp, Southern Avenue – LINK
Avenged Sevenfold have released a teaser for their AmazeVR concert that can be viewed through Apple Vision Pro and Meta Quest headsets starting today around 3p. Check out the teaser on YouTube
Saliva and Drowning Pool are teaming up for a co-headlining tour that starts April 4th in Joliet, Illinois and wraps up April 14th in Pineville, Missouri. Tickets go on sale Friday.
Taylor Swift really knew how to win over Travis Kelce’s teammates … ’cause Kansas City head coach Andy Reid just revealed she baked homemade Pop-Tarts for the Chiefs’ offensive linemen — and they were so good, he couldn’t get his hands on one!! – LINK
MOVIES
Sony Pictures is moving the release date up a week for of ‘Bad Boys 4’. The movie, starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence, will now open in theatres on June 7th – LINK
Dave Bautista says his time as playing Drax in Marvel’s ‘Guardians of The Galaxy’ is over but he’s not turning his nose up at future superhero films – LINK
Drea de Matteo says she lost EVERYTHING because she refused to get the COVID vaccine.  At one point she had $10 in the bank and was on the verge of losing her home.  Then OnlyFans came to the rescue – LINK
Mathew Perry’s X account was hacked by scammers trying to pull off a sneaky crypto donation scheme through a fraudulent website … this according to his foundation – LINK
John Waters is getting ready to shoot his first movie in 20 years called ‘Liarmouth’, and Aubrey Plaza is starring in it – LINK
Timothée Chalamet says Leonardo DiCaprio gave him two pieces of advice:  No hard drugs, and no superhero movies – LINK
MISC
Martha Stewart got candid about her decision to ditch underwear and revealed what she prefers to wear. “I like bathing suits,” she told Page Six. “I like wearing bathing suits under my clothes just in case I want to go swimming” – LINK
The smart ring is a thing … Earlier this year, Apple introduced their groundbreaking Vision Pro goggles. And now, Samsung is introducing something new with a smaller gadget – a smart ring with health-tracking features – LINK
RIP
Gary Sinise’s son Mac died after a battle with cancer.  He was 33.  Gary said Mac was, quote, “an incredible inspiration to those who knew and loved him, [and] he faced his battle with grace, courage, and love – LINK
TV TONIGHT
Wednesday, February 28th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings are subject to change
– Atomic Vixens
– Bigger the Blacker the Better 2
– Chubby Cheeks 3
– The Goo Girls 14
– Lesbian Training 5
– Pantyhose Pornstars
– School Bus Girls 3
– The Whore At My Door 3
– And who can forget her role in 2005’s Vacuum Hoes 7: Amateur Edition
Tyler Houston is 44 years old
And just like that… One goal was enough to do in St. Louis City SC on Tuesday as its 1-0 loss to Houston Dynamo FC knocked it out of the CONCACAF Champions Cup. The teams finished their two-game total goal series even at 2-2, but the first tiebreaker in the tournament is away goals: Houston scored one in St. Louis last week while City SC couldn’t score on Tuesday in Houston. Houston moves on to the round of 16 to face Columbus next week. City SC loses to Houston 1-0, gets knocked out of CONCACAF Champions Cup – LINK
Thanks to a 4-2 loss to the Jets on Tuesday night, the Blues find themselves falling back off a playoff spot. The loss was the Blues’ fifth in the past seven games, as the momentum built by winning seven of eight has dissipated. The Blues finish a brief road trip with a game at Edmonton on Wednesday night, when Jordan Binnington is expected to start for St. Louis. Blues drop 5th game in their past 7 with 4-2 loss in Winnipeg – LINK
Wrestling legend Ole Anderson — who helped form The Four Horsemen in the 1980s — has died at 81 years old. The WWE confirmed the sad news Monday evening … remembering him in a statement as “a prolific and decorated tag team wrestler” who had a “hard-nosed style and gruff demeanor.” “WWE extends its condolences to Anderson’s family, friends, and fans,” the org. added. A cause of death was not revealed. Anderson — real name Alan Rogowski — began his wrestling career in the ’60s … but really made his mark in the squared circle in the 1980s. He, Ric Flair, Arn Anderson and Tully Blanchard created the heel stable The Four Horsemen …. and the quartet eventually went on to have legendary matches across multiple promotions against some of the most iconic wrestlers of all-time. After news of his death broke, Flair said in a post on X that Ole helped launch his career. “I Will Be Grateful Forever For You Giving Me The Opportunity To Become Who I Am Today,” Flair wrote. “We Didn’t Always Agree With Each Other, But The Honest To God Truth Is You & Gene Started Me. Rest In Peace My Friend!” In addition to his time on the mat, Anderson also worked as a manager, promoter and even an exec in the wrestling world.
A Canadian family has turned an unopened case of hockey cards into a multi-million dollar profit. Over the past month, serious hockey card collectors were in a bidding war on the Heritage Auctions website for an unopened case of 1979-80 O-Pee-Chee hockey cards that one Regina family found in their basement earlier this year – LINK
Bidding closed on the weekend and the winning bid came in at a whopping $3.72 million USD — or more than $5 million CDN — which includes a $620,000 “buyer’s premium” on top of the $3.1 million bid.
Since the case is unopened, what’s inside could not be confirmed but it’s expected there will be several Wayne Gretzky rookie cards. In the auction listing, the case was called “the greatest unopened find of the 21st century.”
The unopened case features 16 boxes of 48 packs. With 14 cards per pack, that means there are 10,752 cards in the case, with the buyer hoping there will be as many as two dozen Gretzky rookie cards, which could then each be sold for a large profit. However, it’s also likely the buyer will sell some of the unopened boxes to other serious card collectors.
In December 2020, Heritage Auctions sold a Gretzky rookie card for $1.29 million. The auction house also brokered a sale for a “Gem Mint 10 level” Gretzky rookie card worth a world-record $3.75 million, which was only one of two known cards ever assessed at that level
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC