This is truly THE most random celebrity feud. 
Welp, looks like Bethenny Frankel is not particularly thrilled about Travis Kelce's dad calling her a troll on Facebook:
The Real Housewives of New York City alum addressed Ed Kelce's comment during her podcast Just B with Bethenny Frankel, saying (via Just Jared) "Travis Kelce’s dad called me a troll. I do actually understand and admire a parent coming to their child’s defense, particularly when asked about it. I just wish he would have expressed an opinion versus just a verbal insult, because, you know, as we teach our kids, it’s better to express yourself than to just criticize.”
She added, “He used an insult instead of using his intellect. So, the Swifties can come for me, but I’m going to defend myself. I have said that they were in my Mount Rushmore of couples, the two of them." 
She continued, "I mean, they’re on top of the world. They’re both very successful. I’ve said that I literally think he’s a peacock, and there are two peacocks in this relationship, and it usually doesn’t work.”
As a reminder, Ed's "Troll" comment was in response to Bethenny analyzing Taylor and Travis' relationship and calling Travis a "peacock." Ahem: "When you get into real life and you get into kids and marriage and things like that, and you get into long distance, it’s not easy. Relationships take work. And it’s hard, because Taylor Swift is certainly a peacock. So there really, usually, can only be one peacock in a relationship. Even like a Ben and Jen, she's the peacock. He's got his own moments, but here it's seeming like Travis is a peacock which is completely ironic."
Anyway! Here's the full video if you feel like watching / getting all worked up!
Does the Tom Hiddleston era really count at this point??? Help.
Alexa, play “...Ready for It?”
Correction: screaming!
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.