KIRO NEWSRADIO OPINION
Feb 28, 2024, 5:00 AM                        | Updated: Oct 8, 2024, 11:25 am
Beyoncé performs at a Get Out the Vote concert for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at the Wolstein Center in Cleveland, Ohio, Nov. 4, 2016. (File photo: Andrew Harnik, AP)
(File photo: Andrew Harnik, AP)
BY ANGELA POE RUSSELL
KIRO Newsradio host and writer
As someone who listens to country music, hearing Beyoncé in this arena was jarring to me at first. But that doesn’t mean she or her songs don’t belong.
When you consider “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages,” the storytelling, the lyrics and the instruments used are consistent with the country music genre and its roots.
Like any other musical genre, it has evolved over time. And in my view, there is still some evolving that needs to happen.
After what I discovered, I feel like rolling out the welcome mat for Beyoncé.
Here’s why. Beyoncé broke a number of records in the last week. She’s the first woman to top both Billboard’s Hot Country Songs and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and she’s the first black woman to reach No. 1 on the Country Hot 100.
But what caught my attention the most was Beyoncé and Taylor Swift being the only female solo artists to debut a single at No. 1 on the Hot Country Billboard Chart.
And I honestly could not believe it.
More from Angela Poe Russell: Love is challenging in a complex time
Female country music icons Dolly Parton, Patsy Cline, Reba McEntire and Carrie Underwood, had their No. 1’s but they haven’t done what Taylor and Beyoncé did — a No. 1 single on their own.
It just feels like something is off. And, it is.
Consider this. Between 2000 and 2018, there was a 66% decline in the number of country songs by women. And the ones who are there aren’t getting as much air time as men. If the radio doesn’t play their music, it makes it harder for people to get familiar with it, which hurts the song’s ability to climb the charts quickly.
We found in 2015, that this wasn’t by accident thanks to something called Tomato Gate. It’s a true story folks – a radio executive saying that in country music, men are the lettuce in a salad and women are the tomatoes that should be sprinkled on top.
While that comment was made almost 10 years ago, the recent facts show not much has changed.
The latest from Angela Poe Russell: Stanley is experiencing the double-edged sword of success
According to SongData airplay reports, songs by women on country radio in 2019 received 10% of daily spins. In 2022, that number grew to a whopping 11%.
So, I’m less worried about whether Beyoncé’s song is country enough or debating if an artist should be allowed to cross over and more concerned about making sure the women who are staples in the genre have an equal opportunity to reach the top.
It shouldn’t take two major crossover artists to highlight this issue, but if it helps get some more air time for female country singers, I’ll take it!
Listen to Seattle’s Morning News with Dave Ross and Colleen O’Brien weekday mornings from 5-9 a.m. on KIRO Newsradio, 97.3 FM. Subscribe to the podcast here.
MyNorthwest Video

                                    Seattle ranks No. 2 for naked gardening and that made for an interesting conversation on the Gee and Ursula show today. Listen to the Gee and Ursula Show every weekday at 9am on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. Listen to KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM or go to MyNorthwest.com to learn more!                                
16 hours ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    On the Gee & Ursula Show, they ask the question, Should there be a dress code at the beach? As a result, we find out that Gee is kind of a prude at the beach. What do you think? Listen to the Gee and Ursula Show every weekday at 9am on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. […]                                
19 hours ago
Jake Skorheim and Spike O'Neill Show

                                    Spike O'Neill argues that driving downtown remains essential for Seattle residents.                                
1 day ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    What caused former titans of industry like Kodak, Blockbuster and Blackberry to go from being among the most valuable companies in the world to selling off their assets for pennies on the dollar or shuttering all together? One word. Fear. Taras Wayner, writer and host of the podcast “A Case Study in Fear” joined The […]                                
2 days ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    Jake & Spike have a rewrite for Justin Timberlake’s “SexyBack” song. “Trump’s bringing tariffs back… and Jeff Bezos don’t know how to act!” They might be on to something here. Amazon, on the other hand… Listen to the Jake and Spike Show every weekday from 12pm – 3pm on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. Listen to […]                                
2 days ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    John Curley talks about the execution of Benito Mussolini. Listen to The John Curley Show every weekday at 3pm on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. Listen to KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM, or visit MyNorthwest.com to learn more!                                
2 days ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."