Now 
59
 Sat 
60
 Sun 
62
by RYAN PAINTER | KUTV
TOPICS:
SALT LAKE CITY (KUTV)  — March brings more than its share of content to your favorite streaming services. Theatrical blockbusters and critically acclaimed films making their way into your queue this month include an expanded “Taylor Swift: The Era Tour (Taylor’s Version),” Joaquin Phoenix in “Napoleon,” Emma Stone in “Poor Things,” Timothée Chalamet in “Wonka,” the family-friendly “Trolls Band Together,” and A24’s “Dream Scenario” with Nicholas Cage.
But that’s just scratching the surface as we get streaming exclusives like Kate Winslet in “The Regime,” Adam Sandler in “Spaceman,” Noel Fielding in “The Completely Made-Up Adventures of Dick Turpin,” Zac Efron and John Cena in “Ricky Stanicky,” and Millie Bobby Brown in “Damsel.” And that’s just in the first eight days.
I’m waiting impatiently for the John Wilkes Booth thriller “Manhunt,” “X-Men ’97,” and the adaptation of Amor Towles’ “A Gentleman in Moscow.”
Here’s a quick tour of what’s coming to streaming services in March.
Studio Synopsis:“Napoleon" is an Academy and BAFTA-Award nominated spectacle-filled action epic that details the checkered rise and fall of the iconic French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte, played by Oscar-winner Joaquin Phoenix. Against a stunning backdrop of large-scale filmmaking orchestrated by legendary director Ridley Scott, the film captures Bonaparte's relentless journey to power through the prism of his addictive, volatile relationship with his one true love, Josephine (played by Vanessa Kirby), showcasing his visionary military and political tactics against some of the most dynamic practical battle sequences ever filmed.Available: March 1, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Megamind’s former villain team, The Doom Syndicate, has returned. Our newly crowned blue hero must now keep up evil appearances until he can assemble his friends (Roxanne, Ol’ Chum, and Keiko) to stop his former evil teammates from launching Metro City to the moon.Available: March 1, 2024
Synopsis: Dick Turpin ( Noel Fielding) sets out on a journey of wildly absurd escapades when he’s made the reluctant leader of a band of outlaws — and tasked with outwitting corrupt lawman and self-appointed Thief Taker Jonathan Wilde (Hugh Bonneville). In this irreverent retelling set in the 18th century, Dick is the most famous but least likely of highway robbers, whose success is defined mostly by his charm, showmanship, and great hair. Together with his gang of lovable rogues, Dick rides the highs and lows of his new endeavors, including a brush with celebrity, all whilst trying to escape the clutches of the Thief Taker.Available: March 1, 2024, followed by a new episode every Friday in March
Studio Synopsis:After leaving the Special Forces, container truck driver and single father Hùng (Alexandre Nguyen) dedicates his life to raising his six-year-old daughter. But when she gets kidnapped and assaulted, Hùng relies on his martial arts training and combat skills to hunt down the twisted millionaire responsible. His mission of vengeance takes him on a journey deep into the Vietnamese underworld, where he faces off against legions of bloodthirsty gangsters working for one of the world's most dangerous crime syndicates.Available: March 1, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Globe-trotting gourmand Phil Rosenthal samples and savors culinary delights from Dubai, Edinburgh, Kyoto and more in this warmly humorous series.Available: March 1, 2024
Studio Synopsis: Six months into a solitary research mission to the edge of the solar system, an astronaut, Jakub (Adam Sandler), realizes that the marriage he left behind might not be waiting for him when he returns to Earth. Desperate to fix things with his wife, Lenka (Carey Mulligan), he is helped by a mysterious creature from the beginning of time he finds hiding in the bowels of his ship. Hanu (voiced by Paul Dano) works with Jakub to make sense of what went wrong before it is too late. Directed by Johan Renck and based on the novel Spaceman of Bohemia, the film also stars Kunal Nayyar, Lena Olin, and Isabella Rossellini.Available: March 1, 2024
Studio Synopsis: The story of life within the walls of a modern authoritarian regime as it begins to unravel. After not leaving the palace for quite some time, Chancellor Elena Vernham (Kate Winslet) has grown increasingly paranoid and unstable when she turns to a volatile soldier, Herbert Zubak (Matthias Schoenaerts), as an unlikely confidant. As Zubak’s influence over the chancellor continues to grow, Elena’s attempts to expand her power eventually result in both the palace and the country fracturing around her. The limited series stars Kate Winslet, Matthias Schoenaerts, Guillaume Gallienne, Andrea Riseborough, Martha Plimpton, and Hugh Grant.Available: March 3, 2024
Studio Synopsis:As the bluefin season opens, the fleet finds a healthy stock and catches more fish than ever.  The bluefins are also bigger, which means more money at the scales.  However, with the Chatham fishery slowing down, the Captain's jockey to find a new hotspot.  The competition heats up in Maine, as well as in familiar fishing grounds close to Gloucester.  The battle for the top spot is anyone’s game.Available: March 3, 2024, with new episodes Sundays in March
Studio Synopsis:Based on the number-one-selling toy in the world, Hot Wheels Let’s Race is a high-octane series that ignites and unlocks the challenger spirit within every racer! The series follows the newest generation of racers as they experience mind-blowing races, extreme stunt contests, and thrill-seeking challenges.Available: March 4, 2024
Studio Synopsis:The wildest places on the planet have always been home to powerful leaders, but this is a story of a new hero – fierce, smart, resilient and ... female. QUEENS features matriarchies and female leaders around the world to tell a story of sacrifice and resilience but also of friendship and love. These QUEENS aren’t always kind or gentle, letting nothing come between them and the success and safety of their families. Guided by award-winning actress Angela Bassett’s powerful narration, QUEENS brings the natural world into focus through the female lens for the very first time. Four years in the making and helmed by a female-led production team from around the world – groundbreaking in the natural history space – the seven-part series leverages cutting-edge technology to reveal surprising insights into how females in the natural world rise to power, often relying on cooperation and wisdom over brute strength to get ahead. The final episode of the series celebrates the women who have gone to the ends of the Earth and dedicated their lives to documenting and protecting animal queens. We don’t call her Mother Nature for nothing. All hail ... the QUEENS.Available: March 5, 2024
Studio Synopsis: A political thriller and verité portrait documentary, producers and directors Sara Nodjoumi and Till Schauder dive into the mystery surrounding the disappearance of more than 100 "treasonous" paintings by Sara’s father, seminal Iranian modern artist Nickzad “Nicky” Nodjoumi. Brimming with emotional undercurrents, A REVOLUTION ON CANVAS follows Sara as she traces a timeline of events, discovering her father’s ongoing activism, his complicated relationship with her mother, artist Nahid Hagigat, and how the implications of his incendiary art impacted the trajectory of their family’s future together.Available: March 5, 2024
Studio Synopsis:A strange winter united the village of Port Protection. Now, big ambitions fuel the younger generation while one old-timer faces a foe he can’t beat.Available: March 5, 2024 with new episodes Tuesdays in March
Studio Synopsis:Winner of the Grand Jury Award at the 2023 SXSW Film Festival, this film follows the struggles of an undocumented Filipina immigrant who takes a job caring for an extremely wealthy but terminally ill old man.Available: March 6, 2024
Studio Synopsis:When three childhood friends pull a prank gone wrong, they invent the imaginary Ricky Stanicky to get them out of trouble! Twenty years later, they still use the nonexistent Ricky as an alibi for their immature behavior. When their families get suspicious and demand to meet the fabled Mr. Stanicky, the guilty trio decides to hire a washed-up actor and celebrity impersonator to bring him to life.Available: March 7, 2024
Studio Synopsis:THE GENTLEMEN sees Eddie Horniman (Theo James) unexpectedly inherit his father’s sizeable country estate - only to discover it’s part of a cannabis empire. Moreover, a host of unsavory characters from Britain’s criminal underworld want a piece of the operation. Determined to extricate his family from their clutches, Eddie tries to play the gangsters at their own game. However, as he gets sucked into the world of criminality, he begins to find a taste for it.Available: March 7, 2024
Studio Synopsis:The epic adventures of a superhero family, introduced in the hit Nickelodeon series, continue in a brand-new movie. When one save goes wrong, the Thundermans are sent back to Hiddenville.Available: March 7, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Filmmaker Yorgos Lanthimos directs this incredible tale of the fantastical evolution of Bella Baxter (Emma Stone), a young woman brought back to life by the brilliant and unorthodox scientist Dr. Godwin Baxter (Willem Dafoe). Under Baxter's protection, Bella is eager to learn. Hungry for the worldliness she is lacking, Bella runs off with Duncan Wedderburn (Mark Ruffalo), a slick and debauched lawyer, on a whirlwind adventure across the continents. Free from the prejudices of her times, Bella grows steadfast in her purpose to stand for equality and liberation. Also starring Ramy Youssef, Christopher Abbott and Jerrod Carmichael, "Poor Things" was written by Tony McNamara, based on the book by Alasdair Gray, and produced by Ed Guiney, Andrew Lowe, Yorgos Lanthimos and Emma Stone.Available: March 7, 2024
Studio Synopsis: From Paul King, David Heyman, and producers Alexandra Derbyshire and Luke Kelly, will make its streaming debut exclusively on Max. Starring Timothée Chalamet in the title role, the film introduces audiences to a young Willy Wonka, as he becomes the world’s greatest inventor, magician and chocolate maker. Starring alongside Chalamet are Calah Lane, Keegan-Michael Key, Paterson Joseph, Matt Lucas, Mathew Baynton, Sally Hawkins, Rowan Atkinson, Jim Carter, with Olivia Colman and Hugh Grant. The film also stars Natasha Rothwell, Rich Fulcher, Rakhee Thakrar, Tom Davis and Kobna Holdbrook-Smith.Available: March 8, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Descended from Genghis Khan, Princess Khutulun is one of the fiercest warriors in the Mongol Empire. When an assassin attacks her father and steals the Golden Sutra, Khutulun sets out to retrieve the sacred text from their sworn enemies.Available: March 8, 2024
Studio Synopsis:This horror anthology assembles a Murderers’ Row of talent. Mike Mendez (Big Ass Spider), Alejandro Brugués (Juan of the Dead), Gigi Saul Guerrero (Culture Shock), Eduardo Sanchez (The Blair Witch Project), and Demian Rugna (When Evil Lurks, Terrified) unite in the first all-Latino horror anthology.Available: March 8, 2024
Studio Synopsis:A dutiful damsel agrees to marry a handsome prince, only to find the royal family has recruited her as a sacrifice to repay an ancient debt. Thrown into a cave with a fire-breathing dragon, she must rely on her wits and will to survive.Available: March 8, 2024
Studio Synopsis:In the second season of wayfaring travel series, “The Reluctant Traveler With Eugene Levy,” Levy ventures even further off the beaten path, inspired to experience local practices and global escapades with friends both new and old, including preparing for Midsummer in Swedish tradition with a moose tracking adventure, visiting for the first time the land of his mother’s childhood - Scotland, dining with a luminary and taking a bite out of French cuisine in Saint-Tropez, embracing wellness with a ‘hay bath’ under German thatched roofs on the island of Sylt, voyaging on a Greek fishing expedition around Milos, learning medieval customs and harvesting grapes in Italy and playing soccer with an iconic Spanish star in Seville, Spain.Available: March 8, 2024, with new episodes on Friday through April 12, 2024. 
Studio Synopsis: An intimate portrait of a family navigating the loss of legendary race car driver Dan Wheldon. In 2011, the two-time Indianapolis 500 champion nicknamed “The Lionheart,” died in a horrific crash at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, shaking the world of motorsports to its core. Ten years later, his two sons, Sebastian and Oliver, supported by their mother and Dan’s widow Susie, follow in their father’s footsteps as they work through their loss the only way they know how – getting behind the wheel to race.Available: March 12, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Inspired by The New Yorker article by Susan Orlean, Little Wing follows Kaitlyn, a teen who is reeling from her parents’ divorce and the pending loss of her home. When stealing a valuable bird, Kaitlyn forms a bond with the owner that leads her to a new outlook on life.Available: March 13, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Poppy discovers that Branch and his four brothers were once part of her favorite boy band. When one of his siblings, Floyd, gets kidnapped by a pair of nefarious villains, Branch and Poppy embark on a harrowing and emotional journey to reunite the other brothers and rescue Floyd from a fate even worse than pop culture obscurity.Available: March 14, 2024
Studio Synopsis: This drama series invites viewers to hit the campaign trail alongside four female journalists, each of them different in their reporting styles and personalities. The story centers on Sadie McCarthy (Melissa Benoist), a journalist who romanticizes a bygone era of campaign reporting and scraps her whole life for a shot at covering a presidential candidate for a paper of record. Sadie joins the bus and eventually bonds with three female competitors, Grace (Carla Gugino), Lola (Natasha Behnam), and Kimberlyn (Christina Elmore). Despite their differences, the women become a found family with a front-row seat to the greatest soap opera in town – the battle for the White House.Available: March 14, 2024
Studio Synopsis:An intimately raw and magical journey through the life, mind, and heart of iconic artist Frida Kahlo, FRIDA is told through her own words for the very first time, drawn from her famed illustrated diary, revealing letters, essays, and candid print interviews — and brought vividly to life by lyrical animation inspired by her unforgettable artwork. The feature film directorial debut of acclaimed editor Carla Gutiérrez (RBG, La Corona), FRIDA posits a striking context as to why the artist – and her art -- remains as powerful as ever.Available: March 14, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Based on the groundbreaking comic book by Robert Kirkman, Cory Walker, and Ryan Ottley, the story revolves around 18-year-old Mark Grayson, who’s just like every other guy his age—except his father is (or was) the most powerful superhero on the planet. Still reeling from Nolan’s betrayal in Season One, Mark struggles to rebuild his life as he faces a host of new threats, all while battling his greatest fear - that he might become his father without even knowing it.Available: March 14, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Based on Liane Moriarty’s New York Times bestselling novel, Apples Never Fall centers on the seemingly picture-perfect Delaney family. Former tennis coaches Stan (Sam Neill) and Joy (Annette Bening) have sold their successful tennis academy and are ready to start what should be the golden years of their lives. While they look forward to spending time with their four adult children (Jake Lacy, Alison Brie, Conor Merrigan-Turner, Essie Randles), everything changes when a wounded young woman knocks on Joy and Stan's door, bringing the excitement they've been missing. But when Joy suddenly disappears, her children are forced to re-examine their parents' so-called perfect marriage as their family’s darkest secrets begin to surface.Available: March 14, 2024
Studio Synopsis:“Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version),” will make its streaming debut on March 15, 2024, exclusively on Disney+. The concert film in its entirety for the first time includes the song “cardigan” and four additional acoustic songs. The history-making, cinematic experience from 14-time GRAMMY-winning artist, “Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour” directed by Sam Wrench, grossed more than $260 million worldwide at the global box office, making it the top-selling concert film of all time.Available: March 15, 2024
Studio Synopsis: Starring Nicolas Cage, Julianne Nicholson, Michael Cera, Tim Meadows, Dylan Gelula, Dylan Baker. Hapless family man Paul Matthews (Cage) finds his life turned upside down when millions of strangers suddenly start seeing him in their dreams. But when his nighttime appearances take a nightmarish turn, Paul is forced to navigate his newfound stardom, in this wickedly entertaining comedy from writer-director Kristoffer Borgli and producer Ari Aster.Available: March 15, 2024
Studio Synopsis:When the love of her life gets engaged to her best friend, Maddie (Lohan) puts her feelings aside to be a bridesmaid at their wedding in Ireland. Days before the pair are set to marry, Maddie makes a spontaneous wish for true love and finds herself in an alternate reality where a chance encounter shows her that sometimes you need to be careful who you wish for. With her dream seeming to come true, Maddie soon realizes that her real soulmate is someone else entirely.Available: March 15, 2024
Studio Synopsis: “Manhunt” is a conspiracy thriller about one of the best-known but least understood crimes in history, the astonishing story of the hunt for John Wilkes Booth in the aftermath of Abraham Lincoln’s assassination. Starring alongside Menzies are Anthony Boyle (“Tetris,” “The Plot Against America”), Lovie Simone (“Greenleaf”), Will Harrison (“Daisy Jones & The Six”), Brandon Flynn (“13 Reasons Why”), Damian O’Hare (“Hatfields & McCoys”), Glenn Morshower (“The Resident”), Patton Oswalt (“A.P. Bio”), Matt Walsh (“Veep”), and Hamish Linklater (“The Big Short”).Available: March 15 with new episodes on Fridays through April 19, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Filmmaker Benjamin Mullinkosson writes a love letter to the free-spirited personalities of Chengdu’s party scene in The Last Year of Darkness (2023). Captured over 5 years, this raw, immersive and hypnotic documentary is a coming-of-age tale that celebrates the ephemerality of youth—from love to loss, from throwing up to growing up.Available: March 15, 2024
Studio Synopsis: From director and producer Sarah Gibson, the Peacock Original documentary Stormy delves into the life and times of Stormy Daniels, as she shares her story and account of events that have become part of American history. Produced by Erin Lee Carr, and executive produced by Judd Apatow, Sara Bernstein and Meredith Kaulfers (Imagine Documentaries), the film takes the audience behind the curtain as Stormy navigates being a mother, an artist, and an advocate working hard to reinvent herself, while still grappling with the bombshell that went off in her life five years earlier.Available: March 18, 2024
Studio Synopsis:From Academy and Emmy Award-winning filmmakers E. Chai Vasarhelyi and Jimmy Chin, PHOTOGRAPHER takes us on a journey with the world’s most extraordinary visual storytellers, pairing them with today’s leading documentary filmmakers for an exhilarating and dynamic international adventure. Each hour-long episode follows the story of an iconic photographer — Cristina Mittermeier and Paul Nicklen, Dan Winters, Campbell Addy, Krystle Wright, Muhammed Muheisen, and Anand Varma — while they work to make iconic images that stand the test of time. Through vérité footage of their current mission interwoven with interviews and archived footage, viewers will gain a deeper understanding of each photographer’s process, learn how they became an artist, and discover how they see and experience the world. Eight esteemed directors have masterfully brought each of the photographers’ stories to life: starting with the insightful vision of award-winning duo E. Chai Vasarhelyi and Jimmy Chin (“Free Solo”) to the skilled direction of Marshall Curry (“Racing Dreams”), Pagan Harleman (“The Trade”), Crystal Kayiza (“Rest Stop”), Sam Pollard (“MLK/FBI”), Kristi Jacobson (“Solidarity”) and Rita Baghdadi (“Sirens”), each episode is a collaborative and visually stunning adventure that invites viewers into a captivating world where every frame tells an inspiring and evocative story.Available: March 19, 2024
Studio Synopsis:"X-Men '97" revisits the iconic era of the 1990s as The X-Men, a band of mutants who use their uncanny gifts to protect a world that hates and fears them, are challenged like never before, forced to face a dangerous and unexpected new future.Available: March 20, 2024 with new episodes Wednesdays
Studio Synopsis:Road House stars Jake Gyllenhaal as Dalton, an ex-UFC fighter trying to escape his dark past and his penchant for violence, in this adrenaline-fueled actioner. Dalton is barely scraping by on the reputation that still precedes him when he is spotted by Frankie (Jessica Williams), owner of a roadhouse in the Florida Keys. She hires him to be her new bouncer in hopes of stopping a violent gang, working for crime boss Brandt (Billy Magnussen), from destroying her beloved bar. Even five to one, Brandt’s crew is no match for Dalton’s skills. But the stakes get higher with the arrival of ruthless gun-for-hire, Knox (Conor McGregor). As the brutal brawls and bloodshed escalate, the tropical Keys prove more dangerous than anything Dalton ever faced in the Octagon. Also starring Daniela Melchior, Joaquim De Almeida, Lukas Gage.Available: March 21, 2024
Studio System:A young woman’s fateful decision in 1960s China reverberates across space and time into the present day. When the laws of nature inexplicably unravel before their eyes, a close-knit group of brilliant scientists join forces with an unorthodox detective to confront the greatest threat in humanity’s history.Available: March 21, 2024
Studio Synopsis:An isolated man living at the back of a desolate caravan park is visited by a desperate young woman seeking shelter from a violent storm. As the savage storm worsens, these solitary souls begin to feel threatened - but who should really be afraid?Available: March 22, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Jina is the top employee at a call center, but despite talking to customers all day, she has shut out the world beyond her headset. When training a friendly new hire, Jina's icy armor is threatened, forcing her to confront why she isolates herself.Available: March 22, 2024
Studio Synopsis:One of the most visually striking films of the year, this March, MUBI presents Nigerian filmmaker C.J. 'Fiery' Obasi’s haunting fable, Mami Wata. Inspired by West African folktales, Obasi explores the oceanside village of Iyi, where a mermaid goddess haunts the shores and the people are caught between the past and present as the arrival of a novel virus causes a rupture in the social fabric. The result is a visually stunning and thought-provoking film that explores timeless themes of tradition, faith, and the clash of cultures. Streaming exclusively on MUBI.Available: March 22, 2024
Studio Synopsis:SHIRLEY tells the story of the first Black congresswoman and political icon, Shirley Chisholm, and her trailblazing run for president of the U.S. It chronicles her audacious, boundary-breaking 1972 presidential campaign.Available: March 22, 2024
Studio Synopsis:The McBee Dynasty: Real American Cowboys, a thrilling new docuseries, takes viewers behind the scenes of the high-stakes world of farming and ranching in rural Missouri. McBee Farm and Cattle is on the brink of becoming a billion-dollar business... or a financial disaster. It all depends on the decision from a venture capital firm of over $100 million. Steve McBee, the patriarch of the family and recent divorcee, started McBee Farm and Cattle, but his lifestyle may be its undoing. While Steve is in a rocky romantic relationship with McBee's CFO, Galyna, he continues sleeping with other women, which creates tension with his eldest son and McBee's CEO, Steven Jr. With the farm on the line, Steve’s three sons, Steven Jr., Jesse, and Cole all vie to take over the farm when he retires, causing conflict within the family. Will the farm survive? If it does, who will be leading it into the future?Available: March 28, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Georgia Hunter’s New York Times bestselling novel, We Were the Lucky Ones, tells the incredible true story of a Jewish family separated at the start of World War II. In this Hulu Original limited series adaptation of the book, Joey King and Logan Lerman recount one of the darkest moments in human history to highlight the power of love, hope, and the human spirit.Available: March 28, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Four months after the shoot-out in West Virginia, Del has returned to Pittsburgh P.D. while the folks in Buell try to get their lives back on track. Del and his new work partner Angela, are assigned a high-profile bombing case that proves to be quite complex. Del finds himself back in the folds of The Brotherhood and he struggles to find the balance between his life in Pittsburgh and his life/ relationship with Grace back in Buell. Billy accepts a settlement for his injuries from his time in prison and he decides to try to move forward with his life. Billy uses the money from the settlement to buy Grace the property they lived on. Grace uses this land to give herself new economic/ work opportunities. Meanwhile, Billy and Lee try to figure out their relationship with each other as they navigate their own futures. Lee has taken a job working as a paralegal at a law firm in Pittsburgh. Billy decides to move in with Isaac and Lee and Isaac helps Billy get back into shape. Isaac has decided to make a life for himself in Buell and is working for Landwill Energy. Isaac has fully embraced his sexuality and pursued new romantic situations. Virgil is still up to his old ways but finds a way to get money from Grace so he can pursue a new business opportunity. Steve Park has taken over for Del as the Chief of Police in Buell and is determined to take Del down and prove his connection to the crimes that happened in West Virginia. The town of Buell is rocked by more murders that create chaos in the lives of all of its residents.Available: March 28, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Based on the worldwide best-selling book series by Karen Kingsbury, The Baxters is a riveting family drama that follows Elizabeth and John Baxter and their five adult children. Season One of The Baxters centers on Elizabeth and John’s daughter, Kari, who learns the shocking truth that her professor husband, Tim, has been secretly having an affair with one of his college students. As her relationship is tested, Kari must seek comfort in her faith and family to discover if love is truly a choice and if her marriage can be redeemed. In this deeply moving faith-based journey, The Baxters must come together as a family to work through the challenges of life.Available: March 28, 2024
Studio Synopsis:A highlight of last year’s Cannes where it won the FIPRESCI Prize, this March MUBI presents the exclusive streaming premiere of Felipe Galvez’s incendiary debut, The Settlers. Blending historical specificity with vivid visual style, this revisionist Western follows three horsemen as they embark on an expedition across the Tierra del Fuego archipelago at the behest of a wealthy landowner, tasked with securing his vast state-appointed property, whose true goal is to murderously “remove” the indigenous population. Featuring breathtaking imagery, Galvez slowly unravels a previously unknown piece of Chilean history whose impact is still felt to this day. A MUBI release.Available: March 29, 2024
Studio Synopsis: Mal (Bill Nighy, Living, About Time) is the manager of England’s homeless football team, taking his players to Rome with the hope of being crowned champions of the Homeless World Cup, a global street soccer tournament. At the last minute, he decides to bring with them a talented striker Vinny (Micheal Ward, Empire of Light, The Book of Clarence), who could give them a real chance at winning, but only if he’s ready to let go of his past and become part of the team.Available: March 29, 2024
Studio Synopsis:An adaptation of Amor Towles’ internationally best-selling novel, A Gentleman in Moscow follows Count Alexander Rostov who, in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, is sentenced to house arrest in the opulent Hotel Metropol.Available: March 29, 2024
Studio Synopsis:“Madu” follows 12-year-old Anthony Madu as he leaves his family and community in Nigeria to study at one of the most prestigious ballet schools in the world in England. Having never left his home outside of Lagos, Anthony finds himself thrust into a new world where his wildest dreams are suddenly within reach. His courageous journey is a story of extraordinary obstacles as he searches for belonging and acceptance, a family far away, and unexpected challenges that could impact his future. Forming a rich and immersive tapestry told on multiple continents, MADU introduces the world to a boy chasing a dream of inspiration that will resonate with us all.Available: March 29, 2024
Studio Synopsis: Nell Jackson, a quick-witted and courageous young woman, finds herself framed for murder and unexpectedly becomes the most notorious outlaw in 18th-century England. But when a magical spirit called Billy Blind appears, Nell realizes her destiny is bigger than she ever imagined. “Renegade Nell” stars Louisa Harland (Derry Girls) in the leading role of “Nell Jackson” with Frank Dillane as “Charles Devereux”, Alice Kremelberg as “Sofia Wilmot”, Ényì Okoronkwo as “Rasselas”, Jake Dunn as “Thomas Blancheford”, Bo Bragason as “Roxy Trotter”, Florence Keen as “George Trotter”, with Nick Mohammed as “Billy Blind”, Joely Richardson as “Lady Eularia Moggerhangar” and Adrian Lester as “Robert Hennessey, Earl of Poynton”. Pip Torrens as “Lord Blancheford” and Craig Parkinson as “Sam Trotter” also star.Available: March 29, 2024
Studio Synopsis:Picking up two decades after the groundbreaking film ‘The Aggressives’ showcased the remarkable stories of Chin, Octavio, Trevon and Kisha, the four protagonists are back, interwoven with fresh voices from the wider BIPOC community, to continue challenging normative ideas about gender while reflecting on their trailblazing past and envisioning new futures.Available: March 30, 2024