Karol G's private plane had to make an emergency landing late Thursday night after smoke was detected inside the plane.
The Colombian singer was flying to Guatemala City, Guatemala as she is set to perform at Explanada Cardales de Cayalá for her Mañana Sera Bonito LATM Tour on Friday. At the time of the landing, Karol was flying over Southern California when there was a report of smoke in the plane's cockpit. ABC7 shows a video of the plane making the emergency landing with an emergency vehicle pulling up next to it. She was traveling with her friends, family and team members at the time.
The AMARGURA singer spoke out about the incident through her Instagram Story on Friday. In Spanish, she wrote: "Thank you to everyone who’s worried and those who’ve reported with messages [red heart] my family, my team and I are all doing great and thankful for a new opportunity... God takes care of us and blesses us daily with life and health."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
READ MORE: Karol G tightly hugs pal as private plane forced into emergency landing after 'cockpit smoke'
Pictures of the incident showed Karol G exiting the plane and hugging a group of people.
Karol's fans showed their love and prayers on social media when the news broke out and were hoping she was okay. One person wrote: "Omg imagine what could've happened if they were in the middle of the sea. I'm glad she's okay." Another person wrote: "I'm glad to hear that Karol and everyone on board are safe. Emergency landings can be frightening, but it's reassuring that they landed without incident."
Karol won her first Grammy this year for the Best Música Urbana Album with Mañana Sera Bonito. She made history as she was the first female to win the category and it was her first time to ever be nominated for a Grammy.
The OKI DOKI singer is currently on a Latin American tour, which started on February 8 in Mexico City and will end on May 10 in Brazil. She is also set go on an European leg of the tour starting June 8 at Ag Hallenstadion in Zurich, Switzerland. She will visit major cities like Amsterdam, London, Paris, Madrid, Milan and more. The tour will end on July 22 in Madrid. Like Beyoncé and Taylor Swift, Karol made history during her North American leg when she sold out arenas and became the first Latina to sell out MetLife Stadium and Gillette Stadium.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.