The movie theater chain is rolling out three updated 30-second versions of the highly memed ad.


                    
            by
            Brandon Doerrer

01 March 2024

        
AMC is once more having Nicole Kidman promote its “dazzling images on a huge silvah screen.”
Starting March 1, movie-goers will see a new 30-second version of the iconic movie theater ad that plays before films. The updated spot follows a familiar formula: Kidman enters an AMC theater in a sparkly pinstripe suit and waxes poetically on why people enjoy seeing films on the big screen in an accent that’s hard to pin down.
✨ You come to this place to laugh, cry, and to connect with your family and friends. Experience the wonder and magic of the movies at #AMCTheatres. pic.twitter.com/kl9LWpEAPh
Kidman delivers new lines, such as “beautiful music soaring through” and “that’s magic,” with an inflection that’s easy to imagine audiences emulating as they recite along. AMC has also changed the films she’s watching to Elvis and Avatar: The Way of Water, which were released more recently than the films in the original ad.
The movie chain will release two more 30-second cuts in the coming months and begin rotating them. Each will highlight the grandiosity of seeing a movie in theaters.
AMC first released its $25 million Kidman campaign, We Make Movies Better, in 2021 to get cinephiles back in theaters after the pandemic.
In its Q4 earnings released on February 28, AMC CEO Adam Aron said that concert movies featuring Taylor Swift and Beyoncé are “literally” responsible for its 11% revenue growth to $1.1 billion and helped to offset a rocky 2023 beset by the SAG-AFTRA strike.
Maybe Swift or Beyoncé will be the next company spokesperson to opine on beautiful music soaring through theaters.
This story first appeared on Campaign US.

		Register now to enjoy more articles and free email bulletins
	
Join a growing community of PRWeek comms professionals today



Stay signed in


Forgotten password?


                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    City of Westminster, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    London/Hybrid
                                

                                    The UK Committee for UNICEF,
                                    Stratford and New Town, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Electoral Commission,
                                    UK-wide with significant presence required in the Commission’s office in London.
                                

                                    Copper Consultancy,
                                    Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Manchester, or London (office and hybrid)