LEVELLAND, Texas (NEWS RELEASE) - South Plains College’s 26th annual Scholarship Gala on Feb. 23 brought in $195,185 for student scholarships.
Hosted by City Bank, the Gala was well-attended by generous supporters of the College and community members whose contributions continue to benefit SPC students’ lives. This year’s theme, “Thrive,” focused on SPC’s dedication to helping students flourish during their time at the College.
Patrons participated in a live and silent auction as well as a raffle that featured unique items donated by Levelland and Lubbock community members, SPC programs, alumni and other supporters. This year’s auction items included an autographed guitar and CD by Grammy Award-winning artist Taylor Swift, a Kansas City Chiefs football helmet signed by Super Bowl superstar Travis Kelce and much more.
The live auction raised $51,850, and the silent auction raised $15,970.
“This year’s Gala was another glowing success. I am consistently amazed at the generosity of our community,” SPC President Dr. Robin Satterwhite said. “This type of giving allows SPC to be an exceptional college that provides countless opportunities for our students to be successful. We are blessed to have so many people come out to support our college and our students.”
SPC alumnus and CMA award-winning producer Trent Willmon gave a stellar performance as this year’s featured entertainer. Alongside an SPC faculty band, he performed songs from his record deals and covered songs from other artists.
Patrons at the Gala also enjoyed exciting performances by SPC’s Thursday Nite Live (TNL) student band. TNL members include singers Allora Leonard, Jeremiah Thomas and Mackenzie Walker; guitarist Steve Valderas; Meredith Guffey on bass; and Peter Egbe on drums.
The excitement continued with the recognition of SPC’s 2024 Pacesetter Award winners: Scott and Jaime Bryant with Butch’s Rat Hole & Anchor Service. The College and the SPC Foundation present the Pacesetter Award to benefactors who have provided exemplary support through their philanthropy, service or leadership that makes a difference in the lives of SPC students. Scott and Jaime—both SPC alumni—donated to provide the Judy Bryant Outdoor Fitness Court on the Levelland campus. As he did at last year’s Gala, Scott also placed the winning bid for the SPC Street Sign Naming, which will continue to honor his mother and former SPC professor, Judy Bryant.
“We are so grateful the community came out to support South Plains College and give back to our students,” Samantha Goldie, SPC director of Development and Alumni Relations, said. “It was a great night, and the money we raised will make a big difference in the lives of students at SPC.”
For information on other ways to support SPC students, contact Samantha Goldie at 806-716-2020 or sgoldie@southplainscollege.edu.
Copyright 2024 KCBD. All rights reserved.