Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A County Durham MP has told the House of Commons that his 87-year-old mum tried to pull her own teeth out with pliers "out of desperation" as she was unable to get an NHS dental appointment. 
Grahame Morris, Labour MP for Easington, told the Commons that according to the NHS 'Find a Dentist website' there were no dentists accepting adult patients within a ten-mile radius of his constituency. Mr Morris was speaking as the Government was urged to grasp the crisis in access to NHS dental care across England. 
The Labour-led Commons debate saw several MPs airing their concerns about constituents having to seek private care and carry out DIY dentistry. Another Labour MP, Ashley Dalton, for West Lancashire, told the Commons: "It’s easier to get your hands on Taylor Swift tickets in 2024, than it is to get an NHS dental appointment."
Keep up to date with all the latest local news from County Durham with our free newsletter
Easington MP Morris cited data from NHS Digital which showed that 44% of children have not received an annual check-up with an NHS dentist and that not a single dentist was accepting children aged 17 or under in his constituency. He added that dentists were accepting children in neighbouring constituencies of Wheatley Hill, Easington Lane and Houghton-le-Spring; but his own constituents dependent on public transport: "will find accessing these services almost impossible due to the appalling state and unreliability of our bus services."
Mr Morris said: "There are some scary statistics. One in 10 people have attempted their own dental work, with Healthwatch, the patients’ voice, reporting patients pulling their own teeth out with pliers.
"That might seem ridiculous but my mother is 87 and very frail, and she did this out of desperation. It is appalling."
Mr Morris added: "It is time for the Government to get control of this problem and to deliver for the British public, who are being let down time and again by the dysfunction at the heart of the Conservative party."
Former Conservative health minister Steve Brine told the Commons there could be no further delay to the Government's dental recovery plan. Now chairing the Commons Health Select Committee, he urged ministers to come forward with a promised plan aimed at helping dentistry recover from the pandemic.
Mr Brine said: "There is still no date for the publication of (the) dental recovery plan – to my committee’s continued frustration, it has to be said. If we don’t solve this crisis, then we are going to continue to hear about this in the House and we are going to continue to hear about it from constituents. 
"It also places additional pressures on already-stretched NHS services. So, today is too late for some dentists thinking of leaving, and for some patients who have run out of options.
“We have a short-term set of actions to help our constituents suffering real pain today, and obviously we need that fully reformed dental recovery plan hot on its heels, there can’t be any further delay."
A Labour motion signed by Wes Streeting, shadow health secretary, has urged the Government to provide an extra 700,000 urgent dental appointment a year, create incentives to recruit dentists into underserved areas, and create a supervised toothbrushing scene for school children. It was rejected with MPs voting against it 299 to 191, a majority of 108. 
The British Dental Association is unhappy with the lack of action from ministers. Eddie Crouch, its chairman, said: "Today, when we needed clarity, the Government provided a full gamut of platitudes and half-truths.
“Ministers keep saying they want an NHS dentist for everyone. There is still no evidence of any plan to make that happen."
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community