"He puts the ring on my hand and, as I go to show him, the ring falls off my finger."
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Millie Bobby Brown is revealing how a drop in the ocean nearly ruined Jake Bongiovi’s marriage proposal to her.

 The Stranger Things star, 20, recently told the story of how Bongiovi, 21, popped the question while the couple were diving together — and that she nearly lost the engagement ring moments later. 

 “One day, we were on vacation and he was like, ‘Mill, you got to be up at 8:00 a.m. We’re going on a dive.’ And I was like, ‘8:00 a.m. dive?’” Brown recalled on Thursday’s episode of The Tonight Show. “And he’s telling me like, ‘We’re going to the same spot we usually go to.’ I’m like, ‘It’s boring. Let’s go somewhere new.’ He’s like, ‘No, we have to go to this spot.’”

 She explained that the pair were “many meters down” when Bongiovi suddenly handed her a shell with a ring in it. “And I looked at him and he was like, ‘Blulululu!’” she said, before miming being confused by Bongiovi’s underwater bubble speech. 

Gregory Pace/Shutterstock
 Brown also revealed that saying yes to his proposal was even more complicated, because a traditional thumbs-up means that you want to ascend when diving.

 “So that, technically, would mean, ‘No, I don’t want to marry you. I want to go up.’ So I was like, ‘Okay,’” she said. “I think it was underwhelming, but we freaked out.”

 Then the couple freaked out for a very different reason. “He puts the ring on my hand and, as I go to show him, the ring falls off my finger [and] plummets — like, so fast, it was like a cinematic movie,” she said. “Jake threw himself so deep the diver was like, ‘You can’t do that! Your ears! Literally, your brain will explode!’ He throws himself. He does a cinematic grab, opens, and he saved the ring.” 

 Brown noted that she considered Bongiovi’s superb rescue mission to be “a reflection of who he is,” adding, “I feel like we’re always going to have each other’s back and if anyone drops the ball, we got it. So there we go.”

 When the newly engaged couple returned to the surface, Brown said Bongiovi asked her to marry him for a second time with a family heirloom.

 “He was like, ‘You know, I bought you this ring because your mum wouldn’t let me take her ring’ — which is the one I’m wearing, this is my mum’s ring,” she said, showing off her ring to the camera. “My mom was like, ‘Absolutely not, Jake. You’re not taking my ring down there. I know you’ll drop it.’ And sure enough, I did.”

 She continued, “So when we got up on the boat… he’s like, ‘This is your mum’s ring and I got it from your parents.’ And it was very magical. And his parents were there and we just looked so disheveled coming out from a dive. We were like, ‘We’re engaged, but also we have to tell you this crazy story that just happened.’” 

 Brown announced her engagement to Bongiovi, an aspiring actor, last April by sharing a photo on Instagram of them embracing one another with a ring on her finger. Referencing Taylor Swift’s song “Lover,” she captioned the post, “I’ve loved you three summers now, honey. I want ‘em all.”

 Watch Brown recall getting engaged — and see her adorable dog Winnie the Poodle — in the clip above.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)