An ‘SNL’ comedy trio boasts that they may have had something to do with the much-hyped Trayvis romance.
 Hey, give credit where credit is due, right? Saturday Night Live writers Ben Marshall, John Higgins, and Martin Herlihy—otherwise known as the comedy trip Please Don’t Destroy—recently appeared on the Working It Out podcast, where they made a bold claim, according to Entertainment Tonight.

 After the trio — who has worked with Swift on music videos, as well as during her SNL appearances — collaborated with Travis Kelce during his March 2023 SNL appearance, Marshall said Swift let them know she’d seen Kelce in the televised clip and thought he was funny.

 "We worked with both Taylor and Travis Kelce, before they got together," Marshall said. "So … she kinda told us that she watched his SNL episode, and saw him in our video."

 “She saw him in our video, and was like, 'Oh this guy seems funny. So, like, a little bit [we] brought them together,” he continued. 

 Marshall noted that they hadn’t revealed this cute detail until now because they worried about the ire of Swifties, who could potentially blame Please Don’t Destroy if the mega-couple should ever break up: "I was thinking about like maybe [sharing that story] … and then we were like, 'I think that, if then they ever break up, we will be pinned for causing this disaster. It’s just a very precarious situation, because people have such strong feelings."

 Marshall is not the only person who has tried to take at least partial credit for the famous coupling. Sports commentator Erin Andrews, Danny Frey III (Swift’s second cousin), and more have also publicly proclaimed that they played a role in the romance. The truth remains to be seen.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)