Aries (March 21 - April 19): 
Aries are natural competitors with boundless energy. That's why "Eye of the Tiger" by Survivor is the best theme song to keep them going. It's the perfect anthem for this sign's natural leadership and determination to overcome any challenge. Aries' energy is unstoppable, just like the energy of this song.
Taurus (April 20 - May 20):
Taurus can be a tough nut to crack, but once someone's gained their trust, they're one of the most loyal and dependable zodiac signs. For this reason "No Scrubs" by TLC is their theme song. Taurus works hard to get where they want in life, and they expect the same out of others. That's why these stubborn earth signs keep their inner circle tight.
Gemini (May 21 - June 20): 
Gemini loves to learn and is always looking for new topics of conversation. Not only will they know all the lyrics to Billy Joel's “We Didn't Start the Fire," but they'll also know every fact about every person that is mentioned.
Cancer (June 21 - July 22): 
Cancer is the sign that cherishes home, family, and emotional connections, 'Home' by Michael Buble is the theme song for them. This song reflects their deep-seated need for a sanctuary in both people and places.
Leo (July 23 - August 22): 
As the sign represented by the lion, it's not surprising that Leo's theme song is "Roar" by Katy Perry. Leo's vibrant and theatrical nature is perfectly captured in 'Roar,' and the song's empowering message and bold energy align with Leo's love for the spotlight and confidence.
Virgo (August 23 - September 22): 
Virgo is the sign of service and loves being there for others. So,                                                                         "Fix You" by Coldplay is their theme song because of their meticulous attention to detail and unwavering desire to lend a helping hand. The song's themes of support, healing, and dedication mirror Virgo's approach to life and love.
Libra (September 23 - October 22): 
Despite the stereotype that Libras are people pleasers who never know what they want, they're actually very opinionated. "I Want It That Way" by Backstreet Boys will lift their spirits and help them focus on the fact that being direct about what they want is an important step towards getting it.
Scorpio (October 23 - November 21): 
While Scorpio tends to be reserved, they won't hesitate to cut someone down if they've been wronged. And since these water signs are so observant, they're always one step ahead of everyone else. There's no better song for them than "Look What You Made Me Do" by Taylor Swift. The edgy beat and mysterious lyrics will give them all the power they need.
Sagittarius (November 22 - December 21): 
Sagittarius lives every moment like it's their last. Sagittarians are big picture types who know how to have a good time which is why "1999" by Prince should be their theme song. They're often living life without a big concern for the future.
Capricorn (December 22 - January 19): 
Capricorns know how to hustle. There's a lot they're looking to get done in life, and even though they know they have the skills, they worry they won't have the time. Their power anthem should be a song that will keep them plowing ahead and focused on why they're working so hard—like "Motivation" by Normani.
Aquarius (January 20 - February 18):
"Welcome to the new age"—is how most Aquarians live their lives. These air signs are always working on a new project or innovating for the future, and "Radioactive" by Imagine Dragons will easily amp them up and keep them motivated.
Pisces (February 19 - March 20): 
Spiritual, mystical, and intuitive, Pisces has a natural connection to all things creative. Their ability to think big and tap into their fantasy side gives them a unique ability to chase their dreams. That's why "Dreams" by Fleetwood Mac is their theme song.