The Brits 2024 are almost here and the annual celebration of British and international music returns to a Saturday evening for the second time - rather than the regular Tuesday slot it held for years. Now being held on Saturday, March 2, the 44th edition of the Brit Awards will see new and established artists nominated for 14 awards on the night and a set of live performances, too.
We have all you need to know ahead of the ceremony, including the full list of nominations, the presenters and who will be getting up on stage to perform. After two years, comedian Mo Gilligan has handed over the reins to a team of three hosts, and after last year’s award ceremony sparked criticism over a lack of female representation in the gender-neutral British artist category, the award show has increased the number of nominees for the prize this year from five to 10, with six of them female artists.
The nominees include pop stars Dua Lipa and Jessie Ware; newcomer Olivia Dean; Mercury Prize winners Little Simz and Arlo Parks as well as Raye.
READ NEXT: Katie Price shouts 'I'm bored of this' as she drops the mic in Welsh nightclub
READ NEXT: Eurovision fans say UK could ‘finally win’ as Olly Alexander releases 2024’s song entry
In a groundbreaking move, singer/songwriter Raye has seven nominations, the most for an artist in one year. The 26-year-old Londoner is nominated for the album of the year prize for her studio debut, My 21st Century Blues, and has two spots in the song of the year category for her viral hit, Escapism, featuring US rapper 070 Shake; and dance track Prada, with Casso and D-Block Europe.
The genre-spanning musician is also nominated for artist of the year and best new artist as well as best pop act and best R&B act.
The Brit Awards 2024 take place on Saturday, March 2 and will be broadcast live on ITV1, STV, ITVX and STV Player.
This year’s awards show will be hosted by Love Island: All Stars presenter Maya Jama, and Radio 1's Clara Amfo and The One Show's Roman Kemp.
The event, which is being held at the O2 in London, will see performances from Dua Lipa, RAYE, electronic dance group Jungle and Nigerian rapper and singer Rema.
Dance act Chase & Status will perform with vocalist and two-time Brit winner Becky Hill. Canadian pop sensation Tate McRae will be there and now old hands at the Brits, Ellie Goulding and Calvin Harris will team up for a special performance.
And this year's Global Icon, Kylie Minogue is expected to perform a medley of her songs.
Fancy 3 months access to Amazon Music for just £1? New subscribers can get the deal by signing up, here, for a limited time only. Shoppers have the chance to get three months' ad-free music and podcast access for just £1.
Artist of the Year
Album of the Year
Song of the Year
Group of the Year
Best New Artist
International Artist of the Year
International Song of the Year
International Group of the Year
Alternative/Rock Act
Hip Hop/Grime/Rap Act
Dance Act
Pop Act
R&B Act
Rising Star
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.