Welcome to bdonline.co.uk. This site uses cookies. Read our policy.
By Tom Lowe2024-03-01T14:30:00+00:00
Developers offered “welcome reset” on planning policy, but full clarity is some way off, writes Tom Lowe
How the tables have turned. It was only two days ago that the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors held a panel debate on the future of retrofit schemes and the ongoing impact of Michael Gove’s decision to reject Marks & Spencer’s Oxford Street plans. That decision has today been quashed by the High Court and what had been considered a watershed ruling for demolish and rebuild projects has been reversed.
While sustainability and heritage campaigners will react with dismay, high street retailers have already celebrated the sudden about turn. But what will happen now to the scheme in question?
Pilbrow & Partners’ proposals to replace the three buildings which make up M&S’ flagship Marble Arch store had been approved by Westminster council in 2021 before being backed by Sadiq Khan the following year.
They were then called in by Michael Gove and sent to a public inquiry which ended in the communities secretary ignoring the advice of his planning inspector and issuing what appeared to be his definitive rejection, which has now been successfully appealed by M&S.
However, this new development in the saga does not mean a fresh planning permission will automatically be granted. Gove will need to redetermine the appeal and could in theory still refuse planning permission, according to James Souter, partner at law firm Charles Russell Speechlys. 
“In the event that Gove were to refuse planning permission for a second time, either following a further planning inquiry or otherwise, it would be open to M&S to challenge that decision in the same way as they challenged his first decision,” Souter says.
But the High Court’s ruling has been considerably embarrassing for the government and will carry weight in any future decisions. “The planning court has agreed that there are a number of clear areas and facts that the secretary of state had misunderstood,” says Alistair Watson, UK head of planning and environment at law firm Taylor Wessing.
The High Court has decided that Michael Gove’s decision to reject M&S’ plans to redevelop its flagship store was unlawful
“This judgement recognises that the compelling case that Marks & Spencer presented both when it originally applied to rebuild its landmark building and in the subsequent inquiry sat neatly within planning law and policy,” he says.
“Or to put it differently – the Secretary of State’s attempt to reverse-engineer a decision letter issued by another government official, because he had decided that the government wanted to refuse planning permission, was unlawful.”
The court’s judgement now gives the government a second chance to consider the case and “properly recognise the Inspector’s recommendation on the correct law and policy grounds,” Watson says.
“Secretary of State’s attempt to reverse-engineer a decision letter issued by another government official, because he had decided that the government wanted to refuse planning permission, was unlawful”
Alistair Watson, Taylor Wessing
It also opens the opportunity for the government to provide clearer planning policy on redevelopment projects and counter claims of political interference in the decision which have been levelled at Gove by M&S and retail groups.
“The High Court has held that the Secretary of State erred in law in reaching this conclusion because it was based on a meaning of the NPPF that was not open to him,” says Michael Dempsey, legal director in Addleshaw Goddard’s planning team.
“There is no strong policy presumption in the NPPF in favour of repurposing buildings as stated in Mr Gove’s decision, with the Court observing that the Secretary of State had not so much applied the policy as rewritten it.”
The initial impact of the High Court’s ruling could be to give developers greater confidence in bringing forwards contemporary new-build schemes
This could ultimately result in revisions to the NPPF, something which is likely to take time and may not be complete before the next general election. “This may not give the real estate sector the much-needed swift turnaround on policy, sadly,” Watson says.
But the initial impact of the High Court’s ruling could be to give developers greater confidence in bringing forwards contemporary new-build schemes, even where the possibility of retrofitting existing structures is theoretically possible, according to Souter.
This is a view shared by Dempsey, who describes the judgement as a “welcome reset” for developers that “removes some of the uncertainty around government policy that Mr Gove’s decision had created.”
However, it is still within Gove’s powers to change policy and developers will have to wait before they get full clarity. “We will have to see if the next iteration of the NPPF creates the strong presumption for repurposing buildings that the refusal of planning permission in this case had been erroneously based on,” Dempsey says.

2024-05-17T09:25:00Z
By Thomas Lane

The former House of Fraser store is just half a mile from the M&S flagship which the retailer controversially wants to knock down and rebuild. Thomas Lane meets the team to find out how they are making the refurbishment work 

2024-03-08T15:10:00Z
By Tom Lowe

Former RIBA president Sunand Prasad and Save Britain’s Heritage director Henrietta Billings among Industry experts which discussed how much weight should be given to retrofit schemes by the planners and regulators. Tom Lowe reports

2024-03-06T00:05:00Z
By Thomas Lane

The High Court ruling overturning Michael Gove’s decision to deny M&S permission to redevelop its Oxford Street store shows that a framework setting out the conditions for redevelopment is urgently needed

2025-05-02T10:48:00Z
By Tom Lowe

   The centre will contain buildings up to nine storeys in height  Plans designed by Gensler for a £1bn cancer research and treatment centre in south London have been submitted for planning by developers Aviva Capital Partners and Socius. The 1 million sq ft scheme would be ...

2025-05-02T10:38:00Z
By Ben Flatman

Retrofit of 150 Aldersgate includes new terraces, a reconfigured entrance and a public art installation

2025-05-02T10:22:00Z
By Tom Lowe

Howells also scoops two awards for Birmingham office scheme and a cafe at a grade I-listed country house
Site powered by Webvision Cloud