We live in a partisan age, and our news habits can reinforce our own perspectives. Consider this an effort to broaden our collective outlook with essays beyond the range of our typical selections.
From “Get These Rich People Off the Moon,” by Peter Howson in Jacobin at tinyurl.com/2vuxxbvb.
The context, from the author: Texas start-up Intuitive Machines has achieved the first moon landing by a private firm. It’s dumping rich people’s detritus on the lunar surface — a grim sign of how the superrich plan to plant their flag beyond our own planet.
The excerpt: Despite the mess it makes on Earth, NewSpace investments are growing in popularity among everyman-for-himself superrich techies. For them, dealing with today’s real social and environmental problems tends to involve paying icky taxes and/or remunerating their workers fairly. Meanwhile, finding solutions for potential future problems is far more profitable. For billionaires, “longtermism” packages up this predicament beautifully. ... Taxes and government interventions are framed as an impediment to growth and innovation. For these longtermists, someone potentially not being born on Mars in the far distant future is in many ways far worse than someone actually dying of a preventable disease or poverty today. Mars guy is super smart and loaded. Unlike the stinky real person, Mars guy is likely to live a long happy life free of dysentery. He’s white because rich people tend to be that way. If this all sounds a bit fascist, that’s because it is.
From “Biden’s Cold War Nostalgia Is Dooming His Presidency,” by Jeet Heer in The Nation at tinyurl.com/374ddu28.
The context, from the author: Missile scares and military Keynesianism won’t win voters who want domestic reform.
The excerpt: The paradox of the Biden presidency is that he and his foreign policy team (notably Secretary of State Antony Blinken, national security adviser Jake Sullivan and White House aide Brett McGurk) are the last Scoop Jackson Democrats, a crew of neoconservatives and liberal hawks who are pursuing a wildly anachronistic policy. This was evident long before Oct. 7, when the Hamas massacre and Biden’s ensuing support for Israel’s devastation of Gaza brought the problem into stark relief. The killing fields of Gaza are only making visible the horrific and ongoing human costs of Biden’s long-standing commitment to an obsolete Cold War liberalism that is completely inadequate to the challenges of the 21st century. Like Scoop Jackson, Joe Biden is an over-eager and uncritical enthusiast for military Keynesianism — the use of arms spending to fuel economic growth. The ideal of Cold War liberalism was to fuse foreign and domestic policy, creating an integrated warfare/welfare state.
From “New Mothers in Gaza,” by Regina Munch in Commonweal at tinyurl.com/y3kcfnjf.
The context, from the author: As the (Gaza) war enters its fifth month, a slower crisis has been unfolding. The conflict has been particularly cruel to pregnant women and newborns, who are acutely dependent on adequate nutrition, medical assistance and safe conditions. Around 50,000 women in Gaza were pregnant at the beginning of the war, and about 180 births occur there every day. As a result of a lack of vital resources, miscarriages and stillbirths have increased, babies are being born prematurely and underweight, and women and children are dying from preventable complications.
Subscribe to our free Stephinitely newsletter
Want more of our free, weekly newsletters in your inbox? Let’s get started.
The excerpt: The only thing that will finally allow all women and children in Gaza to receive the care they need is for Israel to end its war there. As (Safe Birth in Palestine founder Ferhan) Güloğlu says, “Birth doesn’t wait. Pain doesn’t wait.”
From “I Was a Heretic at The New York Times,” by Adam Rubenstein in The Atlantic at tinyurl.com/y5vpcj5v.
The context, from the author: The account of how the New York Times came to publish an op-ed by Sen. Tom Cotton calling for the military to quell riots, and of the controversy that followed, has been told in many places, most recently by (James) Bennet, my former boss, in a lengthy essay for 1843, The Economist’s magazine. I was the primary editor of that op-ed, under the direction of my more senior colleagues.
The excerpt: An editors’ note was appended to the op-ed (two days after it was published). The note contains many errors, among them that the editorial process had been “rushed,” that “senior editors were not sufficiently involved,” and that facts in the article weren’t quite right. Never mind, of course, that it wasn’t rushed, that senior editors were deeply involved, and that there were no correctable errors. The note criticized Cotton’s claim that “radicals like antifa are infiltrating protest marches,” alleging that it had “not been substantiated.” But the attorney general was on the record saying that antifa had done just that — a fact the Times eventually confirmed for itself. “A more pathetic collection of 317 words would be difficult to assemble,” Erik Wemple, the media critic of The Washington Post, wrote a few years later about the editor’s note.
From “Why China Was Never Held Accountable for the COVID-19 Lab Leak,” by Jim Geraghty in The National Review at tinyurl.com/2xn6f74y.
The context, from the author: At least in the venue of American public opinion, those of us who thought a lab leak was a more likely cause of the pandemic won the argument, but nothing happened.
The excerpt: Stories don’t get any bigger than the origin of a virus that caused a global pandemic, effectively shut down the world for a year, and changed the lives of every human being on the planet. We’re still dealing with the learning loss; we’re still living with the consequences of missed cancer diagnoses; we’re dealing with an explosion of skepticism about the value of all kinds of vaccines — thanks a lot, mandate advocates; and we’re dealing with an estimated financial cost of $14 trillion. (For perspective, all U.S. federal government spending in fiscal year 2023 was $6.1 trillion.) And yet, when we wake up every morning, most of us choose to think about other topics — and hey, there are a lot of other important priorities in this world. But sometimes it feels like vast swaths of American society chose to forget about the pandemic at the first opportunity and chose to not keep asking how and why the pandemic started, because they and some of our leaders didn’t like the probable answers.
From “Michelle Obama: September Savior or ‘Suicide Mission’?” by Peter Van Buren in The American Conservative at tinyurl.com/4rz4r3dj.
The context, from the author: Just how desperate are the Democrats to get President Joe Biden off the ballot?
The excerpt: Michelle Obama has the popularity and name- and face-recognition to step in at the last minute for a tired placeholder Joe. September is “the last minute,” given the 50 sets of laws governing how much time is needed to add a candidate to the ballot and still make mailing deadlines for absentee votes. Her own lack of experience is tempered by Barack’s eight years, and, indeed, a quiet selling point among Dems would be that this is indeed a third term for some sort of Obama administration. With Obama’s popularity and bullet-proofing against accusations of racism, no one will worry at all about sweeping Kamala Harris aside, perhaps with the promise of a nice university job to show no hard feelings. Celebrity endorsements would pour in headlined by Oprah and Taylor Swift and someone near immune to Trump’s personal insult style of campaigning would take the rostrum against him. It would be a close election.
Jim Verhulst is a former Deputy Editor of Editorials.
The Tampa Bay Times e-Newspaper is a digital replica of the printed paper seven days a week that is available to read on desktop, mobile, and our app for subscribers only. To enjoy the e-Newspaper every day, please subscribe.