For the midday we focus on our fave influencer, entrepreneur and snow angel hottie Lindsey who inspires our latest peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines. 
Check TKC news gathering . . .
Snowfall totals in the Kansas City are coming in. How much snow has fallen in your area?
The arrests of two current or former village officials come after an investigation by The Star showed how every member of River Bend's board was connected to a marijuana-based entertainment district developer.
One firefighter suffered minor injuries as a result of the fire
A man who sustained serious injuries when he was hit by a car last week is still unconscious and unidentified.
As a winter storm moves through, Amtrak has canceled its Missouri River Runner route Monday and Tuesday between Kansas City and St. Louis.
In today's world of social media influencers, Lindsey Pelas has successfully carved a niche for herself with a growing following. Besides being a social media personality, Pelas is an accomplished glamor model, actress, content creator, and entrepreneur. The blonde model graduated with a bachelor's degree in History from Louisiana State University (LSU).
President Biden said he was "quietly working" to get Israel out of Gaza when confronted by pro-Palestinian protesters chanting during his speech on Monday.
Former President Trump on Tuesday insisted the case against him and several others in Georgia over efforts to overturn the state's 2020 election results should be dropped after another defendant filed a motion accusing Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis (D) of improper behavior. "You had a very big event yesterday as you saw in...
An expert in QAnon and other conspiracy theories explains why the far-right is embracing the latest twist in the Epstein saga.
DailyWire.com * Daily Wire Editor Emeritus Ben Shapiro slammed Democrats who attribute any opposition to illegal immigration as racist. "Everything is seen by Democrats in terms of a racial conflict," Shapiro stated on his podcast Tuesday.
The DCCC has announced it will spend $35 million in to reach Black, Latino and Asian American and Pacific Islander voters in preparation for 2024 elections.
U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken was due to meet Israeli leaders on Tuesday in his quest to prevent the Gaza conflict from growing into a regional conflagration as the Israeli military said its fight against Hamas will rage all year.
Michael Bociurkiw writes from Odesa, Ukraine, on the national mood and outlook of war in 2024.
Bomb scares, swatting incidents and death threats targeting public officials have risen in frequency in recent weeks.
Megyn Kelly slammed Taylor Swift after the singer didn't just laugh off Jo Koy's joke at the 2024 Golden Globes on Sunday.
Nicole Polson, 30, from Oklahoma, and her younger sister, Brittany Trent, 27, went under the knife together in September 2022.
Reid took a chance on Kelce with a third-round pick in 2013. Kelce has become one of the best tight ends of all time under the head coach.
The Dolphins can't seem to win in cold weather
Tickets for the match, as well as free parking, are included in Sporting Kansas City season ticket memberships, the club announced.
Donna Kelce, the mother of Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, will be appearing on "The Price Is Right" next month.
The Kansas City Current announced Tuesday that it has entered a multi-year agreement to put the United Way of Greater Kansas City on the front of its new jerseys beginning with the 2024 season.
Unfortunately, outages are likely going to continue being a problem even as snowfall finally eases up, largely thanks to significant wind gusts
John Summit & Hayla - Where You Are is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management