Manage your account
This spring, are your taste buds craving flower festivals, concerts, laughter ... and professional wrestlers knocking the snot out of each other for your personal enjoyment?
If you're into any of that, we've got a buffet of 22 tasty events you can sink your teeth into that are being served up in and around Delaware — starting March 19 and taking us to summer.
The Philadelphia Flower Show boasts bragging rights as the nation's largest and longest-running horticultural event and fundraiser. More than 150 vendors will be on tap at this year's show.
The marketplace offers gardening wares, plants, supplies, tools, jewelry, home décor and more. This acclaimed event features displays from the world's top floral, garden and landscape designers, plus more botanical bliss for multiple days of green-thumbed goodness.  
Pennsylvania Convention Center (1101 Arch St., Philadelphia) from Monday, March 4, to Sunday, March 10. Tickets are $25-$50 per day. Visit phsonline.org/the-flower-show. 
Barbie rapper Nicki Minaj will paint Philly pink with a deep catalog of songs to choose from. This includes music from her new album "Pink Friday 2," a project that offers features from Drake ("Needle"), J. Cole ("Let Me Calm Down"), Lil Wayne ("RNB") and others.  
Wells Fargo Center (3601 S. Broad St., Philadelphia) at 8 p.m. Friday, March 29. Tickets start at $59. Visit nickiminajofficial.com or call (215) 336-3600.
The host of NBC's "Late Night With Seth Meyers" is all about tackling the day's top stories and politics. Now Seth Meyers is coming to the City of Brotherly Love to tickle the audience in person.  
Miller Theater (250 S. Broad St., Philadelphia) at 7 p.m. Saturday, April 6. Tickets are $39.75-$79.75. Visit sethmeyers.com or (215) 893-1999.
The two-time Grammy-nominated duo Black Violin are famous for mixing classical sounds with hip-hop. Instrumentalists Wil Baptiste and Kev Marcus have dropped popular tunes like "Stereotypes," "A Flat" and "Another Chance." 
The Grand (818 N. Market St., Wilmington) at 8 p.m. Saturday, April 6. Tickets are $49-$164. Visit thegrandwilmington.org or call (302) 652-5577.  
Katt Williams is arguably the hottest comedian of the year. He broke the internet in January when he appeared on Shannon Sharpe's "Club Shay Shay" podcast and took aim at several comedians including Kevin Hart. That episode has over 58 million on YouTube. The arena headliner used that publicity to his advantage as he continues his “The Dark Matter” tour.     
The Liacouras Center (1776 N. Broad St., Philadelphia) at 7 p.m. Sunday, April 7. Tickets are $75 to $250-plus. Visit kattwilliamslive.com or (215) 204-2400.  
The only artist to stand between Taylor Swift having the album most streamed globally on Spotify in 2023 is rapper/singer Bad Bunny. The Puerto Rican superstar had the most-streamed album for the second straight year with "Un Verano Sin Ti," racking up over 4.5 billion streams globally. He'll bring his “Most Wanted Tour” to the City of Brotherly Love this spring.   
Wells Fargo Center (3601 S. Broad St., Philadelphia) at 8 p.m. Friday, April 19. Tickets are $250-$855+. Visit mostwantedtour.com or call (215) 336-3600. 
Is Sasquatch really or thing or nah? Kathleen Madigan shares the plan she'd use if she ever came across the elusive monster in her latest comedy special "Hunting Bigfoot," an hour of stand-up where she also focuses on her family, wine and the road.  
The Grand (818 N. Market St., Wilmington) at 8 p.m. Saturday, April 20. Tickets are $49-$64. Visit thegrandwilmington.org or (302) 652-5577. 
During NASCAR weekend there's always a festival atmosphere at Dover Motor Speedway's Fan Zone, a place that often offers fun (and some free) activities for supporters.   
Before this year’s tripleheader at the Monster Mile, the Fan Zone is delivering a lot of cool features like the World’s Largest Rubber Duck, NASCAR’s Kids Zone, White Lightning Bar + Arcade, performances from Tim Dugger and Friends, and the Amish Outlaws. 
There’s also the Robocars (performers that are cars one minute and life-sized action figures the next), Mirror Men (strolling entertainers with shiny outfits and fancy moves), Dockdogs (a canine aquatics company featuring leaping dogs), bumper cars and much more.
ARCA Menards Series East drivers will be available for autographs on Friday at 2:15 p.m., followed by an autograph session with Xfinity Series drivers on Saturday at 9:45 a.m.
Dover Motor Speedway (1131 N. Dupont Highway, Dover). The Fan Zone opens at noon on Friday, April 26; and at 9 a.m. on both Saturday, April 27, and Sunday, April 28. To see the full schedule of events and for more info, visit dovermotorspeedway.com/fans/fan-zone.
The Super Bowl of professional wrestling is back in the City of Brotherly Love for the first time in 25 years with WrestleMania 40. This two-day event also marks WrestleMania's first time in the home of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Undisputed WWE Universal Champion Roman Reigns will put his belt on the line as he takes on the current Men's Royal Rumble champion Cody Rhodes. Meanwhile, Women’s Champion Iyo Sky will defend her belt against Bayley, winning the Women's Royal Rumble. 
Plenty of other wrestlers will be on tap at Mania. One of the big draws to WrestleMania is the event has a history of bringing out surprise guests. Who might pop up this year? Only time will tell.
Lincoln Financial Field at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, April 6, and Sunday, April 7. Tickets combos for both days are $560 to $10,000+. Tickets for each night are $188 to $5,000+. Visit wwe.com.  
He often looks grumpy like a "don't stand on my lawn" kind of guy. That's become a trademark of the 75-year-old Lewis Black, who’ll stop by Delaware on his farewell tour: "Goodbye Yeller Brick Road, The Final Tour." The comedian was feisty about adjusting to the post-pandemic world in his 2023 comedy special "Tragically, I Need You." 
The Grand (818 N. Market St., Wilmington) at 8 p.m. Thursday, May 2. Tickets are $61-$91. Visit thegrandwilmington.org or (302) 652-5577. 
One of Delaware's oldest and largest festivals is in the Capital City, Dover Days takes guests back to the Colonial era for two days.
The first day has fireworks, and the second offers a full festival and parade. Dover Days is known for Maypole dancing, balloon rides, historic re-enactments, artisans, games and food vendors, and more. This festival is rain or shine.  
Near Leg Hall (411 Legislative Ave.) on Friday, May 3, and Saturday, May 4. More details TBA. visitdelawarevillages.com. 
A fashion show, carnival and horse racing — these ingredients make up the 46th annual Winterthur Point-To-Point Steeplechase.  
The yearly event raises money for the preservation and maintenance of the garden and estate at Winterthur. It features a parade of pups and carriages, steeple chase racing, vintage vehicles, raffles, community vendors and lots of family activities. But folks love to come out for tailgating to show off their extravagant outfits.   
Winterthur (5105 Kennett Pike, Winterthur) from 10:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday, May 5. More details TBA. Visit winterthur.org or (302) 888-4600. 
R&B greats The Temptations and The Four Tops both share throne rooms in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame from delivering some of the most famous tunes in American music history.  
The Temptations — which Billboard ranked as the Greatest R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of All Time (even ahead of Michael Jackson) — have charmed music lovers with classics like "My Girl," "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "Treat Her Like a Lady."  
Fellow Motown favorites The Four Tops are adored for songs such as "I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch)," "Reach Out I'll Be There" and "Aint No Woman."       
The Grand (818 N. Market St., Wilmington) at 8 p.m. Thursday, May 9. Tickets are $79-$119. Visit thegrandwilmington.org or call (302) 652-5577. 
One of the most popular attractions at the renowned Longwood Gardens is its annual Festival of Fountains. This ambitious display features over 1,700 jets that spin and dance, spouting water as high as 175 feet. Although photos of these fountains are captivating, they're extra charming when you see them in person.
This festival is also a good excuse to explore Longwood's sea of flowers. 
Delaware destination: This Delaware attraction is a winner of the 2024 USA TODAY 10Best Readers’ Choice Awards
Timed tickets and membership reservations for the Festival of Fountains are available starting Monday, March 11. 
Longwood Gardens (1001 Longwood Road, near Kennett Square, Pennsylvania) will host Festival of Fountains from Thursday, May 9, through Sunday, Sept. 29.  For more info, visit longwoodgardens.org or (610) 388-1000.
A lavish garden of fun and entertainment will blossom at a festive, three-day event that's a staple in northern Delaware. The 103rd annual Wilmington Flower Market has live music, rides, food, beer and (of course) flowers, and lots more. The event also has a habit of booking musical acts that have played Firefly. 
Proceeds from the Flower Market benefit children’s charities in Delaware. 
Rockford Park (2629 W. 19th St., Wilmington) from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Thursday, May 9; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Friday, May 10; 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday, May 11. More details TBA. Visit wilmingtonflowermarket.org. 
The audience will tag along for an adventure with the March sisters — Jo, Meg, Beth and Amy March — as they each strive to carve out their destinies in the Broadway musical "Little Women." The musical score tugs the heartstrings with themes of personal discovery, heartbreak, hope and everlasting love, the melodies of a young America discovering itself. 
The Playhouse on Rodney Square (1007 N. Market St., Wilmington) at 8 p.m. Thursday, May 9; 8 p.m. Friday, May 10; 2 and 8 p.m., Saturday, May 11; 2 p.m. Sunday, May 12. Tickets are $50-$109. Visit thegrandwilmington.org or (302) 888-0200.
Have you heard about thousands of people hanging out on Broom Street in Wilmington, with folks dancing and singing, as the scent of fresh gyros kissed their noses? 
Well, that isn't mythology. It's a tradition at the Holy Trinity Greek Festival. The event is the largest Greek Festival in the Mid-Atlantic region, and the only one in Delaware, per the festival’s Facebook page. The Greek Festival returns for six delicious days of fun in late spring. 
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church (808 N. Broom St., Wilmington) from Monday June 3 to Saturday, June 8. Festivals times each day are 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Visit Facebook.com/WilmGreekFest or greekfestde.com.  
This year the St. Anthony's Italian Festival celebrates 50 years of serving folks "la dolce vita," or the sweet life. The eight-day festival, branded as one of the largest Italian celebrations in the country, dishes up a variety of authentic and tasty cuisine. 
The festival, which Joe Biden has attended, is sponsored by St. Anthony of Padua Parish; and the event is the primary fundraiser for St. Anthony of Padua Grade School in Wilmington. 
St. Anthony's Italian Festival (901 N. Dupont St., Wilmington) from 4 to 10:30 p.m. Sunday, June 9; from 6 to 10:30 p.m. Monday, June 10 through Friday, June 14; from 4 to 10:30 p.m. Saturday, June 15; and from 2 to 6 p.m., Sunday, June 16. Visit sapde.org or (302) 421-3700.
The Empress of Soul and the Queen of Soul are both coming to rock your socks off, even if your shoes are tied. Iconic singers Gladys Knight and Patti LaBelle are teaming up to deliver a dynamic night of music. Knight's songbook includes the hits "That's What Friends Are For," "Missing You" and "I Don't Want to Know" — while LaBelle is known for favorites like "On My Own," "If You Asked Me To" and "New Attitude." 
Freeman Arts Pavilion (31806 Lake View Drive, near Selbyville) at 7 p.m. Thursday, June 6. For more info, visit freemanarts.org or (302) 436-3015.
Since actions speak louder than words, you can tell everyone who your favorite anime is by cosplaying them at Dover Comic Con.  
The free event is family-friendly and particularly good for folks who are new to cosplay and/or want to get a taste of what a comic convention is all about. (The con is also perfect for folks who love to people-watch.)
Lots of vendors and artisans sell wares and items at the convention.
There are usually cool vehicles on display like replicas of the Batmobile or "Jurassic Park" Jeep. Last summer, "Pokémon" fans went wild over a replica of the Pikabug car pulled up.  
Near Leg Hall (411 Legislative Ave.) from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, June 8. Visit delmarvaevents.net. 
Folks can show off their moves like Jagger when The Rolling Stones stop by on their "Hackney Diamonds" tour in support of that new album. Fans can expect to hear the rock titans dish up their most popular songs ranging from “Start Me Up,” “Gimme Shelter,” “Jumpin’ Jack Flash,” “Satisfaction” and more, plus fan-favorite deep cuts and music from "Hackney Diamonds." 
Lincoln Financial Field (One Lincoln Financial Field Way, Philadelphia) at 8 p.m. Tuesday, June 11. Tickets are $455 to $595+. Visit rollingstones.com.
Don't be fooled, The Cadillac Three isn't just a country band. This trio from Nashville can get heavy with their brand of country rock. TC3 is beloved for their classics like "White Lightning," "The South" and "Tennessee Mojo." In late 2023 the band dropped their sixth studio album, "The Years Go Fast," which includes the single "Young and Hungry." 
Bottle & Cork (1807 Highway One, Dewey Beach) at 8 p.m. Wednesday, June 19. Tickets are $35. Visit bottleandcork.com or (302) 227-7272.
If you have an interesting story idea, email lifestyle reporter Andre Lamar at alamar@gannett.com. Consider signing up for his weekly newsletter, DO Delaware, at delawareonline.com/newsletters. 
This article originally appeared on Delaware News Journal: From WrestleMania to Point-to-Point, here are 22 big spring events