Have you ever heard a song that just completely transported you? Maybe you watched a movie with the same feeling. Best Life, a lifestyle magazine, believes that this may have something to do with your zodiac sign. They teamed up with astrologers to find the "theme song to your life, based on your zodiac sign."
According to their experts, Aries (March 21- April 19) perfectly aligns with "Eye of the Tiger" by Survivor. They said that Aries is a "natural competitor" with "boundless energy." Geminis (May 21- June 21) apparently vibe with Billy Joel’s "We Didn’t Start the Fire." Geminis love to learn and is always looking for new topics of conversation. "They'll also know every fact about every person that is mentioned," one of their experts stated.
Signs like Taurus (April 20- May 20) and Libras (Sept. 23- Oct. 22) have theme songs that most people would associate with "poppy" throwbacks. Their theme songs include "I Want It That Way" by Backstreet Boys and TLC's "No Scrubs."
The list also said that when it comes to Sagittarius (Nov. 22- Dec. 21) they like to live every moment like it’s their last. Naturally, their experts gave this sign the theme song of "1999" by Prince. "They're often living life without a big concern for the future," said one of their experts.
"While Scorpio tends to be reserved, they won't hesitate to cut someone down if they've been wronged," mentioned on the list. According to their experts, Taylor Swift's "Look What You Made Me Do" is the perfect theme song for the water sign.
The sign represented by the lion has the theme song of Katy Perry’s "Roar." They said, "The song's empowering message and bold energy align with Leo's love for the spotlight and innate confidence."
If you’re curious about Pisces, Aquarius. Capricorn, Virgo, and Cancer signs theme song, you can check out the full list here.
Apparently, a person can be bad at charging their phone because of their zodiac sign. Recently, an astrologer shared with Bustle that there are signs that always have their phone at 20 percent. Michelle Bell, the founder of the astrology app Cosmic Fusion, pointed out which zodiac signs are most likely to utter the words, "Can we use your phone? Mine is about to die," during a night out.
The zodiac is divided into twelve signs including Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius, and Pisces. Your zodiac sign is based on your birthday. However, when it comes to astrology, there is more to your zodiac than just your birthday. For instance, there are element associations, as well as the moon or rising signs, and others.
The ancient Babylonians created the zodiac with each of its 12 sections named after the largest constellation it contained. They observed that the movement of planets, called transits, corresponded with both future events and misfortunes on Earth.
According to The Good Trade, astrology highlights your strengths and weaknesses and offers information about things like love, career, family life, and life purpose.
Some zodiac signs are either too busy or too preoccupied to plug in their phones at night. You could be one of the three signs who never charges their phone.
Get more in-depth information about those zodiac signs here.
An astrologer says that these zodiac signs never charge their phones.
Bell said that Aquarius is often forgetful and is likely to have high screen time. "They forget about the practical things in life, like charging their phone or bringing a portable charger around with them," says Bell.
According to astrologer Bell, Aries has the "impulsiveness and tendency to act before [you] think" which makes it easy for you to forget to charge your phone before leaving the house.
Sagittarius' "carefree and optimistic approach to life" can make it easy for the sign to forget to plug in their phone at the end of the day. "They’re too busy traversing the universe to think about charging their phone," says Bell.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!