Cancel Anytime
Sleater-Kinney is Carrie Brownstein and Corin Tucker
Looking for more to do this week? Check out the latest on Gambit's calendar at calendar.gambitweekly.com.
Carrie Brownstein and Corin Tucker recently released “Little Rope,” their 11th studio album together as indie rock icons Sleater-Kinney and their fourth since reuniting in 2014. They are now on tour and play New Orleans at 8 p.m. Friday, March 8, at the Joy Theater. Tickets are $36.75 via thejoytheater.com.
Hip-hop artist Kr3wcial and singer-songwriter Charm Taylor have spent the last few months participating in the New Orleans Museum of Art’s Creative Assembly, a program that invites local artists to engage with the museum’s collections to inspire new projects. On Wednesday, March 6, Kr3wcial and Taylor will debut their collaboration “Urban Mosaics,” an exploration of New Orleans’ neighborhoods through hip-hop and visual art. Kr3wcial will be joined by keyboardist Yahel Yisreal, guitarist TJ Nathan and bassist Jemila Dunham, and Taylor will be back by keyboardist Lauren Fuller and producers Saint Amethyst and Wino Willy. The performance starts at 7 p.m. and is part of museum admission, which is free for Louisiana residents on Wednesdays. Find more info at noma.org.
Big Sam’s Funky Nation headlines the kickoff to the Wednesday at the Square spring concert series in Lafayette Square on March 6. Sierra Green and the Giants also perform. The free concerts also feature an art market and food and drink vendors. The events run from 5-8 p.m. on Wednesdays from March 6 through May 8. Visit ylcwats.com for information.
The Broadway musical is based on events in Mississippi in which a teenager wanted to bring her girlfriend to the prom and the school ended up cancelling the event instead. In the musical, a couple of Broadway actors have their own misguided motivations to rush to Indiana to try to help a student who wants to bring her girlfriend to the prom, and the town is shaken up as everyone tries to get the prom back on track. At 7:30 p.m. Friday, March 8, and Saturday, March 9, and 2 p.m. Sunday, March 10, and March 15-24, at Rivertown Theaters for the Performing Arts. Tickets $39-$43 via rivertowntheaters.com.
The annual Danny Barker Banjo & Guitar Festival is dedicated to the New Orleans musician and music educator and his work of preserving New Orleans music traditions. This year’s festival will feature performances by Gregg Stafford, Mari Watanabe, Detroit Brooks, Dr. Michael White, Corey Harris, Davell Crawford and more Friday, March 8, through Sunday, March 10, at the New Orleans Jazz Museum. There also will be a stage for interviews. The Banjo and Guitar Summit and kick off patron party take place March 6, and there’s a workshop at UNO and a 10th anniversary celebration at NOMA on March 7. Tickets to the Jazz Museum are $15 per day. Find more info at dannybarkerfestival.com.
Vocalist and pop artist Dawn Richard dug into second line traditions, bounce, house music, Afro-futurism and more on her great album “Second Line” — and then completely changed directions the next year for the contemporary classical work “Pigments” with composer Spencer Zahn. Richard performs at 8 p.m. Saturday, March 9, at the George and Joyce Wein Jazz & Heritage Center as part of the Chanteuse series celebrating New Orleans women in music. Charm Taylor opens. Tickets are $10 via jazzandheritage.org.
Accounts of travel to Kyiv, rehabilitation work and connection with Ukrainians are the basis for the drama in 'Top 5 Survival Moves.'
Long before Taylor Swift and Beyonce, Carole King topped the charts and turned out album after album and hit after hit. This jukebox musical about her includes the songs “I Feel the Earth Move,” “(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman,” “So Far Away,” “Will You Love Me Tomorrow” and more. At 7:30 p.m. Thursday, March 7, through Saturday, March 9, and 3 p.m. Sunday, March 10, and March 14-31 at Le Petit Theatre. Tickets $20-$75 via lepetittheatre.com.
Lot and his new wife Myrtle, a showgirl he met recently, move into his family home in an effort to keep the estate from his half-brother Chicken. But more than sibling rivalry is brewing as rising floodwaters threaten the property in Tennessee Williams’ drama. The Tennessee Williams Theatre Company of New Orleans presented the show in its first season, and mounts a new production at Loyola University’s Marquette Theatre. At 7:30 p.m. Thursday, March 7, through Saturday, March 9, and March 14-24. Tickets $10-$48 via twtheatrenola.com.
The 'All Fantasy Everything' host and former 'Late Late Show' writer threw himself back into stand-up comedy in a big way.
Erica Falls has mixed R&B, soul and funk while singing with various local bands. Now she’s releasing the album “Emotions,” steeped in classic soul singing. At 9 p.m. Friday, March 8, at the just reopened Dew Drop Inn. Find information at dewdropinnnola.com.
Hot Gloss, the new event producer team by drag performers Otto Von Blotto, Virginia SlimJim and Tarah Cards, each month throws a costume rave and drag show, and on Friday, March 8, they're diving into the "Fifth Element" for The Big Badaboom Ball at Poor Boys. Doors open at 10 p.m. and a midnight drag show will feature the organizers and Atlanta's Miss He and Ivy Fischer. DJs Heelturn and HellNah then curate the rave into the early morning. Costumes are encouraged. Tickets are $20 at the door, $15 for people in costume. Find more info on Instagram, @hotglossparty. 
New Orleans’ Big Garden draws inspiration from ’90s alt-rock and grunge bands on its heavy, expansive debut album “To the Rind.” The band next plays at 8:30 p.m. Thursday, March 7, at Siberia with Day Job, Secret Cowboy and edhochuli. Tickets are $12.40 via siberianola.com.
The Maple Leaf gets a double dose of Michots on Friday, March 8. Le Family Michot, which plays a more traditional, acoustic vein of Cajun dance music, performs at 8 p.m. They’re followed by the Lost Bayou Ramblers, brothers Louis and Andre Michot’s rockin’, forward-looking take on Louisiana French music, at 10 p.m. Tickets for the 8 p.m. show are $15 in advance and $20 at the door, and the 10 p.m. show is $30 in advance and $35 at the door. Find more info at mapleleafbar.com.
NOLA Brewing Co. celebrates its 15th birthday with music by The Rumble and special brews of Mecha IIPA and NOLA Brown Ale. Tickets $20 in advance. At the brewery at 7 p.m. Sunday, March 9. Find information at nolabrewing.com.
The festival presents shorts and documentaries about Palestine, Haitian Carnival, civil rights, LGBTQ issues and access for people with disabilities.

        For more than 40 years, Gambit has covered New Orleans, for New Orleans.
        We’ve stood up to city hall with you, cheered the Saints with you,
        danced in the streets with you and cried over our collective loss with
        you. And we’re plannin’ on being here for 40 more. To do that, we need
        your help. Become a Gambit member today and help us continue our mission
      
Your weekly go-to show for all things happening in New Orleans.
Gambit's Events Calendar

For more upcoming events visit  
calendar.gambitweekly.com 

Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: