There's so much love floating around.
Women's Health may earn commission from the links on this page, but we only feature products we believe in. Why Trust Us?
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are everywhere right now while they promote their collaborative album, I Said I Love You First. But while the album is getting plenty of buzz, Benny’s love for his fiancé is also in the spotlight. People on TikTok are calling him the “best hype man ever” thanks to all of his posts devoted to Selena. 
Naturally, Selena is equally adoring, writing on Instagram of her fiancé: “I’m not sure what I did to deserve you but damn am I glad you were born.”
With all of the sweet vibes floating around between these two, it’s easy to miss how this all started. Here’s a look back at their relationship timeline.
 These two have ties that go way back—Benny was friends with Selena’s ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber and has collaborated with him on several songs. (He’s also worked with Selena’s pal, Camila Cabello). 
But Benny produced several songs on Selena’s Revival album before wearing a teddy bear costume in the music video for “I Can’t Get Enough,” and dancing with Selena. 
Selena celebrated her 31st birthday along with a bunch of celebrities, including Benny. You can spot him posing with Selena in this Instagram photo dump from the party, alongside Paris Hilton.
Rumors started swirling about Selena and Benny being a thing before the Only Murders in the Building star stepped in to confirm that they were, in fact, dating. 
Selena answered several online comments from fans who questioned her relationship, calling Benny “the best thing that's ever happened to me” and saying that she’s at her “happiest” with him.
She also wrote that she and Benny had been dating for six months, adding, per People, “I will always defend my friends, family and fans till the day I die.”
Benny later appeared several times in an Instagram photo dump of some of Selena’s “favorite moments” from a week in mid-December.
The couple were spotted courtside at an NBA game in early January, where they were photographed cuddling and holding hands. 
They also attended the Golden Globes together, with Selena sharing a few photos of them on Instagram getting cozy backstage. 
Selena shared a simple but meaningful Instagram post, featuring several shots of herself and Benny cuddling. In the caption, she called Benny, “My bes fwend.” Benny responded in the comments with, “das my bes fwen.”
Benny’s cookbook, Open Wide, dropped in April, and Selena shared several posts on TikTok and Instagram to get the word out. 
In one Instagram post, she wrote that she was “so proud” of her boyfriend. “Life is better when i’m w u,” he responded in the caption. 
During an appearance on The Howard Stern Show, Benny revealed that he didn’t even realize that the two were on a date when they went out for the first time since they had been friends for years. “Before I knew it, we were hanging out the next day, and the next day,” he shared. 
But Benny also said he could see a clear future with Selena. “When I look at her … I’m always just like, I don’t know a world where it could be better than this," he said. “She truly is my best friend.”
Selena revealed news of the couple’s engagement on Instagram with several intimate photos of herself and Benny. “Forever begins now,” she wrote in the caption. 
A slew of her famous friends cheered her on in the caption, including Taylor Swift, who wrote, “yes I will be the flower girl.”
I Said I Love You First is Selena’s first album in five years. She shared on Instagram that Benny was her “personal journal” in creating the album. “These songs represent our past, present and future… something I can’t wait to experience with you from now until forever,” Selena said. “Thank you for pouring your unconditional love into creating this project with me.”
Benny has been promoting the album hardcore on social media, mostly in the form of TikToks dedicated to his fiancé. 
While Selena and Benny have been fielding a lot of questions about setting the date for a wedding, they’ve made it clear they’re not getting married anytime soon.  “I don’t even know if we have time,” Selena said during an appearance on Today. “To be honest, I’m just enjoying us in this moment, and yeah, then we’ll get to start the craziness."
Should You Take A Break From Your Relationship?
How To Use The Invisible String Theory
Jalen Hurts Is Officially a Married Man!
Why Emotional Intimacy Matters In Relationships
What Palm Reading Can Tell You About Love 
Selena Gomez, Benny Blanco Prove Opposites Attract
Why Some Women Are Swearing Off Men Amid Menopause
55 Best Hinge Conversation Starters To Try ASAP
How To Handle Your Parents' Divorce As An Adult
Where Is Apple Cider Vinegar's Clive Rothwell Now?
Tay and Travis' Recent Body Language, Explained
How To Celebrate Galentine's Day In 2025
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.