Some ITV Dancing On Ice Fans have taken to social media to make the same complaint about Amber Davies' performance.
On Sunday night's show the former Love Island star and her skating partner Simon Proulx-Sénécal took to the stage to perform their routine to Taylor Swift's 'Wildest Dreams'. Prior to the performance, Amber was shown in rehearsals feeling 'nervous' about being lifted into the air during the performance.
The star had previously experienced a 'nasty fall' that had fans concerned about her future in the competition. She took to social media to alert her 1.3 million followers of the injury and shared a photo of her leg, where viewers could see a large, visible bump on her thigh.
READ MORE: Michael McIntyre health update as tour show cancelled last minute
READ MORE: ITV Dancing On Ice's Christopher Dean 'the baddie' as Jayne Torvill stormed off rink in tears after remark
The post read: "Nice fall this afternoon. The lump," she captioned the snap alongside a crying face emoji." Some fans believed she might not be able to continue on to the semi-finals, but a spokesperson confirmed she would be healthy to dance on Sunday night.
Despite impressing the judges with a powerful performance resulting in a standing ovation, some fans were not happy. Many took to Twitter to share their frustration.
One tweet read: "She never even touched the ice to skate? Why are they all on their feet.........so confused."
A second fan said: "It’s not Dancing on Ice is it, if you’re in the air for basically all of the performance #dancingonice."
A third tweet read: "Whoever decided Dancing on Ice was now becoming dancing in the sky needs sacking because wtf? #DancingOnIce."
However, some fans were really impressed with the Amber's efforts. Many praised the 27-year-old for 'smashing it' and she even went on to score 40 points.
One tweet read: "That was absolutely fabulous! Standing ovation from the judges!! 40/40 well deserved."
Receive newsletters with the biggest and breaking TV and showbiz news by signing up here
Claim a free pair of horse racing tickets in association with Racing TV
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.