Kindly note this article contains spoilers!


  AFTER her third-skate off, Denbigh's Amber Davies has been eliminated from Dancing on Ice, despite her main performance being dubbed "close to perfection”.


  Amber was in the skate-off with BBC Radio 1 DJ Adele Roberts following a public vote and the judges scores.


  After Adele and her pro-skating partner Mark Hanretty were saved by the judges, Amber said: "I just feel younger me would not believe I've had this experience. Thank you so much for having me on."


  Turning to her pro-skating partner Simon Proulx-Senecal, Amber said: "You have been life-changing for me in so many ways. The team as a whole is just absolutely amazing."


  For the semi-final, on Sunday night (March 3), the contestants were first tasked with skating to AC/DC’s Highway To Hell without their professional partners.


    This skate was beyond our Wildest Dreams✨#DancingOnIce pic.twitter.com/k58gZzdpg3


  Both Adele and Amber found themselves lifted into the air by their fellow celebrities, which included Greg Rutherford, Ryan Thomas and Miles Nazaire.


  Judge Christopher Dean announced the winner as Greg, who took an early win with five points.


  Amber was given one point, Adele received two, Ryan three and Miles received points.


  For their main dance, Amber and Simon performed to Taylor Swift’s Wildest Dreams


  Simon was hoisted into the air by Love Island star Amber, who attended Ysgol Glan Clwyd in St Asaph.


  Dressed in a pink fairy-tale dress, Amber did rotating lifts and somersaults and was given a top score of 40 points from the judges.


  Ahead of the dance, Amber said: "When they first took me really high, my belly did go a little bit. It is all about balancing your body weight. Finding what works and what doesn't.


  "Simon's life is in my hands, what if I dropped him?"


RELATED STORIES


Dancing on Ice's Amber Davies secures place in semi-final!


Denbigh Amber Davies's Dancing on Ice journey so far


Dancing on Ice's Amber calls for kindness on social media


  Judge Ashley Banjo said the performance was "close to perfection” while fellow judge Christopher said he would given an “higher score” if 10 was not the limit.


  He added he got "tingles".


  “I don’t know where to start, that was so beautiful,” Judge Oti Mabuse said.


  Judge Jayne Torvill said: "I just loved that everything was so fluid."


  Amber said learning to "fly" was the "best feeling ever". 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.