The Dancing on Ice 2024 finalists have been revealed in full, after Greg Rutherford was forced to pull out last minute due to an injury.
British ski jumper Olympian Eddie the Eagle and Vicky Ogden were sent home from the ITV show two weeks ago after they lost to Love Island’s Amber Davies in the skate-off, leaving fans gutted. 
And after a tense semi-final Amber was sent home this evening with pro partner Simon Proulx-Sénécal, despite being awarded the full 40 points from judges earlier in the night for their ‘almost perfect’ performance to Taylor Swift’s Wildest Dreams. 
There was disaster on the day of the Dancing On Ice final, as Olympian Greg Rutherford and pro skater Vanessa James were forced to pull out after Greg suffered a ‘nightmare’ injury in rehearsals.
It means there will be one less finalist on Sunday night’s show – but who is in the Dancing On Ice 2024 final?
There are just three paired contestants in tonight’s Dancing On Ice finale after Greg Rutherford was forced to pull out.
Radio DJ Adele Roberts and her partner Mark Hanretty, Made In Chelsea’s Miles Nazaire and partner Vanessa Bauer, and soap star Ryan Thomas and Amani Fancy will be heading to the 2024 final.
Adele Roberts is a former BBC Radio 1 presenter as well as previously appearing in Big Brother and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!
In recent years she has been praised for raising awareness of bowel cancer and the use of stomas, after being diagnosed with the disease in 2021.
Adele is partnered with pro skater Mark Hanretty.
Miles Nazaire is best-known for appearing in Made In Chelsea, and has also appeared in other reality shows including Celebs Go Dating and Celerity Ex On The Beach.
He also fronted a Channel 4 documentary Obsessed With My Muscles.
Miles is paired with professional skater Vanessa Bauer.
Ryan Thomas is best-known for acting in soap operas, particularly ITV’s Coronation Street.
He has also appeared in Neighbours, and won Celebrity Big Brother in 2018 during its time on Channel 5.
Ryan Thomas is dancing with professional skater Amani Fancy.
The finale comes after what fans dubbed a ‘ridiculous’ semi-final, in which contestants were elevated in the air by invisible strings for much of their routines.
Amber and Simon performed in the skate-off for the third week in a row, while Adele followed up a particularly emotional main performance earlier in the evening by skating to Not Giving In by Rudimental. 
Miles kicked off the night, hosted by Holly Willoughby and Stephen Mulhern, with a performance to Michael Buble’s Feeling Good – in which he even balanced Vanessa on his skates while elevated in the air – but was left disappointed with his 36.5 points.
Oti Mabuse called their ‘connection undeniable’ but said the reality star’s posture prevented him getting a top score. ‘I think performance was the note that you keep getting but I think you really commanded out there,’ fellow judge Ashley Banjo said. 
Coronation Street actor Ryan and his partner Amani were given 38 points for a fun aerobatic dance to Robbie Williams’ Ain’t That A Kick In The Head?
Finally, Radio DJ Adele, who had endured motion sickness over the past week due to the flying aspect of the routine, gave an emotional performance to Conchita Wurst’s Rise Like A Phoenix, scoring 39 points.
‘You’re not alone,’ said a teary Adele after the performance for which she dangled in the air using red cloth instead of wires. ‘Just rise up, you can come back again. To me cancer is like a fire through the body and it burnt me to the ground and this is me coming back again.’ 
In response, Judge Ashley said, ‘Let’s be honest this week is not about the skating, it’s about how people perform,’ and he added that Adele deserved a 10 for hers.
However, viewers at home weren’t happy with ‘flying’ week with many joking about whether the show should be renamed to ‘Flying Over The Ice’. 
‘This whole “flying” nonsense is ridiculous! Amber moved about 3 feet on the ice for the whole routine. This is supposed to be the semi final!’ commented @pipjcee on X. 
‘Forgive me if I’ve missed something as I’ve just turned on…. How’d you get 40 when your feet haven’t even touched the ice??’ asked @PollyCracker92 after Amber’s big score. 
Meanwhile, former Strictly Come Dancing star and Dancing On Ice winner from 2019 James Jordan commented: ‘Glad I didn’t have to fly on Dancing on Ice – I’m scared of heights so would have been sh*t. I do however prefer watching them ice skate to flying in the air.’ 
‘Why is Dancing on Ice turning into Flying Above Ice???’ asked @LoveRealityTV4.
‘What are the judges actually scoring on with the flying? How pretty they look in the air? Cus theres no skating to judge,’ said @xChuChux911. 
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
The Dancing On Ice final is airing on March 10 on ITV1 at 6.30pm. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Stephen Mulhern stripping off on Dancing On Ice sparks furious Ofcom complaints
Arrow
MORE: Dancing on Ice star kicked out of accommodation and asks for urgent help
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy