Welsh West End star and Dancing on Ice semi-finalist Amber Davies has succeeded in getting the series' first 40. The Love Island winner and her professional skating partner, Simon Senecal, did a routine - with "flying" sections, as it's Flying Week - to a Taylor Swift song.
Judge Christopher Dean joined his fellow panelists in giving a 10 and added that if he could have awarded Amber an 11, he would have. Earlier in the episode, the pre-routine VT showed Amber finding out it was Flying Week and giving the hilarious response of "does my mother know?".
Looking nervous, she and Simon incorporated the aerial sections into their routine and fans of the show were in agreement with the panel of judges, Jayne Torvill, Oti Mabuse and a returning Ashley Banjo, who's missed a couple of live shows due to being on tour with Diversity. Host Stephen Mulhern said after the pair were given 40: "I am over the moon for you. That was beautiful."
READ NOW: Roman Kemp’s famous parents had savage response when he invited them to the Brits
READ NEXT: ITV confirms future of Saturday Night Takeaway following 'last series' confusion
Amber said she felt "so lucky" with the experience, not just learning how to skate, but to fly, too. When they say fly, the celebrities are suspended over the ice on wires. "It was the best feeling ever," Amber added.
Oti said she "didn't know where to start" and the routine was "simply beautiful". Jayne said she loved the fluidity of the routine and the smooth landings on the ice. Ashley said "wow" to Amber and that the routine "played to her strengths beautifully".
Chris concluded: "I just want to say if I could I have I would have put 11 in. I had tingles."
Fans at home were pleased that West End star Amber achieved full marks. One wrote on X (Twitter) "About time Amber got a 40. What a gorgeous routine #DancingOnIce." Another said: "The most stunning performance I have ever seen on dancing on Ice @Amber_Davies7 You are PHENOMENAL.
"So glad Amber got that 40, she’s obviously gone this week so she can go out on an actual high (pun intended)," said another. "Amber deserves to be in that final. That was STUNNING," added a fourth.
Amber has urged viewers to be kind in past weeks as she's faced some unpleasant trolling on social media. Last month she told Lorraine: " "I really let it get into my head because I feel like everything I do is wrong, from the perspective of the audience. I just wanted to say while I was on here, please be mindful when you're writing on people's social media because we are just human beings. And maybe rather than coming onto my page or someone else's page and leaving a negative comment, go to the contestant's page that you support and leave a really lovely comment to them, just flip the switch a little bit."
For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.