We may still be emerging from winter but there is a lot to look forward to in terms of entertainment for the coming year, with musical and literary superstars due to appear in front of North London audiences in 2024.


  It's shaping up to be a busy year, with music festivals and big gigs, as well as book festivals attracting famous writers, and stars appearing in theatres.


Nicki Minaj, Doja Cat and 21 Savage will all perform in north London in July  (Image: PA)


  Nicki Minaj, Doja Cat and 21 Savage are among the big names headlining in London’s annual Wireless festival.


  The three-day festival, known for hosting some of the biggest names in hip-hop and R&B, is returning to Finsbury Park from July 12 to July 14.


  On Friday, July 12, Minaj is set to headline, with appearances from Ice Spice, Sean Paul, Vanessa Bling, Veeze and Ragz Originale.


  On Saturday, fans can see 21 Savage and J Hus headlining, and on Sunday, Doja Cat will star.


  General tickets went on sale from Wednesday, January 31.


Taylor Swift is coming to Wembley this summer for her sold-out tour  (Image: PA)


  Global pop sensation Taylor Swift will be taking over London's Wembley Stadium for eight nights as part of her Eras Tour.


  Tickets for each of the shows sold out almost instantly, but there is still a chance to bag resale tickets from Ticketmaster, as well as sites like VividSeats and Viagogo.


  The layout for the show is split into six sections with a mix of standing and seated tickets at Wembley.


Catch the Montreal DJ and producer at Victoria Park  (Image: All Points East)


  All Points East has announced its latest headliner, Kaytranada.


  The Montreal DJ and producer will hit the stage in Victoria Park on Friday, August 16.


  His performance is part of a two-weekend music event in Victoria Park.


  Tickets went on sale at 10am on Friday, March 1 on the All Points East website.


Ministry of Sound Classical are headlining at this festival in 2024  (Image: Lloyd Winters)


  Ally Pally's one-day festival Kaleidoscope returns on July 13, 2024.


  The usual mix of DJ sets, comedy and live music will be showcased at Alexandra Palace.


  The hilltop Muswell Hill landmark will also host other concerts that month, including local boys Bombay Bicycle Club on July 12.


  Ministry of Sound Classical will headline the Hilltop Stage this year.


This literary fest will feature Rt Rev Rowan Williams, novelist Zadie Smith and DJ Paulette   (Image: Ben Bailey Smith/Lee Baxter)


  Novelists, comics, and a former Archbishop of Canterbury will gather in the gardens of Hampstead's Fenton House for this festival.


  The annual weekend of talks, workshops, music and philosophy takes over the orchard and lawns of the National Trust property from July 5 to July 7.


  Names confirmed include Tim Key, the Rt Rev Rowan Williams, and novelist Zadie Smith.


  Weekend tickets cost £135, and £60 day tickets will be released in June.


  Following the sell-out success of previous runs of the murder mystery spoof, Whodunnit, the next instalment promises more chaos and hilarity.


  The mystery is who will play the Inspector in each performance, as each performance has a different celebrity taking on the role without any rehearsal, and without having seen the script.


  Performances feature the voice of Ian McKellen with a different celebrity stepping into the role of the Inspector in each performance, including Adrian Dunbar, Clive Anderson, Gillian Anderson, David Baddiel.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.