Taylor Swift has been paid $3million (£2.3million) per show in Singapore to stop her from performing anywhere else in the region, according to reports.
Politicians in the Philippines and Thailand have been left furious after Singapore struck a deal to limit the singer's Eras Tour performances in Southeast Asia. Taylor is currently in the middle of her sold-out six-show run in Singapore and it will be the only place she performs in the region.
A deal was made by Singaporean authorities which has prevented Taylor from performing in other territories in Southeast Asia, according to reports. Officials hope this will force fans to flock to the wealthy city-state.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift has already written two songs about Travis Kelce but fans will never hear them
Srettha Thavisin, the Prime Minister of Thailand, told the iBusiness Forum 2024 that Taylor was offered $3million (£2.3million) per show by the Singaporean government in exchange for Eras Tour exclusivity. With Taylor performing six shows there, that works out at $18million (£13.8million).
Srettha said he had spoken to the organiser of Taylor's concert who informed him of the deal with the Singaporean government. He told the Thai Enquirer that it would actually be cheaper for Taylor to perform in Thailand.
He added: "I believe she would be able to attract more sponsors and tourists to Thailand." Srettha said if he had known about the deal with Singapore, he would have tried to bring the shows to Thailand instead as concerts "can generate added value for the economy".
Taylor has been wowing her fans with her Eras Tour and recently reflected on her family connection to Singapore. Talking to fans, she said it has a special place in her heart and that it "means the world" for her to be back".
During her first of six shows at the National Stadium in Singapore, Taylor revealed that her mum Andrea Swift spent a lot of her childhood with her parents and sister growing up there. "So a lot of the time when we'd come here on tour, my mom would take me and drive me past her old house, where she used to go to school.
"So I've been hearing about Singapore my whole life," Taylor said in a video shared by a fan on X. She added: "To get to come here and play a show this big with so many beautiful, generous people who are essentially honouring my family with what you just did with that song, it means the world."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.