Dancing On Ice fans all made the same comment after Amber Davies was voted off the ITV competition. The former Love Island star found herself in the skate-off for the third time on Sunday night (March 3) and had admitted she'd been skating on 'borrowed time' for the past few weeks.
Amber and her professional skating partner Simon Proulx-Senecal had scored a perfect 40 for their routine to Taylor Swift's Wildest Dreams earlier on in the show. But they soon found themselves in the skate-off against radio DJ Adele Roberts and pro skater Mark Hanretty.
Adele and Mark had performed to Conchita Wurst’s Rise Like A Phoenix, earning 39 points. Adele had used red cloth ropes to balance from the ceiling and perform aerobatic stunts rather than wires like the other contestants.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
Amber and Adele had to perform once more for judges Ashley Banjo, Motsi Mabuse, Jane Torvil and Christopher Dean. Amber's routine to Power by Little Mix did not thrill the judges as much Adele performing Not Giving by Rudimental.
All four judges voted to save Adele and Mark. Adele joins soap star Ryan Thomas, Olympian Greg Rutherford and Made In Chelsea star Miles Nazaire in next week's final.
At the start of the semi-final, the stars performed a group routine which saw them skate without their partners. Amber scored the lowest - one point out of a possible five - while Greg started the show at the top of the leader board with five points.
Fans were confused when Amber then went on to score 10s from all four judges in her Flying Week routine. Taking to X, formerly Twitter, viewers shared their thoughts on the elimination. Many of them reckoned the right person was voted off.
@Baker20Caroline said: "The right people were in the final, Adele didn’t deserve the skate off but given Amber cannot really skate without holding on to her partner it was the right choice she went home. #DancingOnIce".
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
@charmed_92 reckoned: "Glad Amber got to have her perfect 40 moment before she left at least, hopefully either Adele or Miles win #DancingOnIce" as @ScottElliott10 said: "A little confused, the only perfect score in the competition goes home… right decision but doesn’t make much sense #DancingOnIce".
Dancing On Ice’s final will air next week on ITV1 and ITVX.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.