Welsh West End star and Dancing on Ice semi-finalist Amber Davies was kicked off the competition despite scoring a perfect 40 points for the first time. It was also the first time the judges had scored a perfect 40 in the series.
The Love Island winner wowed the judges with her skate partner Simon Senecal with her “flying” routine to Taylor Swift's Wildest Dreams, which judge Christopher Dean said could have got an 11 if it was possible. Oti said she "didn't know where to start" and the routine was "simply beautiful".
But the show turned on its head at the end when Amber was beaten by fellow contestant and radio presenter Adele Roberts, who had earlier scored 39, in the skate-off in what was the biggest shock of the series so far. Amber danced to the Little Mix track Power in what marked her third week running in the skate-off while Adele performed to the Rudimental track Not Giving In.
READ NOW: Roman Kemp’s famous parents had savage response when he invited them to the Brits
READ NEXT: ITV confirms future of Saturday Night Takeaway following 'last series' confusion
All four judges were left in agreement as they opted to save Adele and her partner, Mark Henretty. Following her exit, Amber said she was grateful for the experience.
“I just feel like younger me would not believe that I’ve had this experience,” she told Holly Willoughby and Stephen Mulhern. “Thank you so much for having me on.
"You (Senecal) have been life changing for me in so many ways. The team as a whole is just absolutely amazing. You got wardrobe, you got hair and makeup. You got the rest of the cast. You’ve got the paramedics and the physios. It’s amazing. So thank you so much.”
Dean announced the winner as ex-athlete Greg Rutherford, who took an early win with five points. Made In Chelsea star Miles Nazaire and former Coronation Street actor Ryan Thomas join Greg and Adele in the final next week. Dancing On Ice’s final will air next week on ITV1 and ITVX.
For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.