By Bruce Haring 

Taylor Swift has yet another surprise announcement.

	Performing in Singapore on Sunday night, Swift revealed a third and “final” limited special edition of her upcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department. 

	This latest edition – like the previous two – will have an exclusive bonus track, The Black Dog. Thus, those wanting a complete set of her music will have to get multiple albums. 

	An image of this latest version of the album appeared behind her on stage.  





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'The Summer I Turned Pretty' Season 3 Teaser: Jeremiah's Love Is "Daylight," But Loving Conrad Was "Red" For Lola Tung's Belly		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Taylor Swift Praises Selena Gomez's Album 'I Said I Love You First'		
			







	The pop superstar also shared the news on Instagram, alongside an image of the same artwork that appeared during her show.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	“’Old habits die screaming…’ File Name: The Black Dog 🖤,” she wrote, adding, “Pre-order the final new edition of THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT with exclusive bonus track ‘The Black Dog’ on my website now.” 

	Swift will perform another show in Singapore on Monday night and then have a two-day break before returning on Thursday for three more nights.

	On Saturday, Swift mentioned her family ties to Singapore.

	“My mom actually spent a lot of her childhood with her mom and dad and sister growing up in Singapore,” she told the crowd. 

	“So a lot of the time when we’d come here on tour, my mom would take me and drive me past her old house, where she used to go to school. So I’ve been hearing about Singapore my whole life.”   
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.