Dancing On Ice viewers slammed the show as a 'joke' after Amber Davies earned a perfect 40 for her routine. Earlier on, she was at the bottom of the leader board after being awarded the lowest score for her solo skate.
Saturday's semi-final saw the five remaining contestants - Adele Roberts, Greg Rutherford, Miles Nazaire, Ryan Thomas and Ryan Thomas - take on a solo skate and a special dance routine for Flying Week with their partners. All eyes were on Amber, who found herself once again in the skate-off last week. She skated-off against Eddie 'The Eagle' and was saved by the judges, with Christopher Dean casting the deciding vote.
Her solo skate tonight has divided viewers, though, and she scored just one point for it, while Greg topped the leader board with five.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
Amber later reunited with professional skater Simon Proulx-Senecal for a routine to Taylor Swift's Wildest Dreams. Dressed in a pink fairy-tale dress, she raised Simon above the rink. The routine also included rotating lifts and somersaults.
The were given a top score of 40 points from the four judges. Ashley Banjo said: “It was close to perfection,” and Christopher Dean said he would have given a “higher score” if 10 was not the limit.
“I don’t know where to start, that was so beautiful,” Oti Mabuse said.
However viewers found Amber's contrasting scores hard to get their heads around. Many took to X, formerly Twitter, to complain.
@Northernish1 said: "Amazing...they give Amber 40 a routine where she doesn't have to skate yet comes last in a solo skate competition. Yet Miles gets 9s. Joke" as @ImSheWhoRemains agreed: "Amber getting 10’s is a joke, she can barely skate solo and the flying is essentially an extension of her being dragged and carried around by Simon #DancingOnIce".
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
@misswilliams77 complained: "She did stand still for all of 2 seconds on the ice whilst Simon got on top of her to pick her up!! Absolutely ridiculous that she got 40" as @beckeex_x reckoned: "Definite favouritism on this show. How has Amber had perfect 10s? #DancingOnIce".
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.