These nails have a big reputation.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

When Taylor Swift sang "I can still make the whole place shimmer" in her song "Bejeweled," did you know she was talking about her future Golden Globes 2024 glam? The same goes for the line "I polish up real nice"—a not-so-subtle reference to her nail lacquer choices. If you don't believe me, fine. But remember: anything (and everything) can be an easter egg. Especially a manicure.
"[Taylor] loves glitter and this was a custom silver halo look over a nude almond nail!!" Swift's nail artist, Lisa Peña Wong, tells Marie Claire about the long, sparkling manicure from Sunday's award show. Paired with silver and diamond jewelry, the 34-year-old's nails were certainly longer than her typical short style, featuring a sheer-yet-strong shimmer.
In a comment on her Instagram post from the night, the professional noted that, while Swift usually takes manicures into her own hands on tour, she's "been fortunate to work with her for the past 3 years."
Appearing at the Globes in support of her Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour film, which was nominated for the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement award, the singer walked the red carpet in a green sequin gown by Gucci. As soon as she stepped in front of the cameras, theories about the dress's significance started piling in online. The biggest theory, according to Swifties? It looks slightly snake-like, a symbol of Swift's Reputation album. However, the biggest glimmer of hope for a new Taylor's Version era could be found in, yes, that manicure.
"Guys, her nails are done. Like, tips! That I'm gonna assume she probably, most likely, did not do herself. She never has her nails done. She never has her nails done!" said Swiftie Tiktoker @glorioussunrise after the event. While others noted that Swift has in fact had long nails at award shows in the past (often created by Peña Wong), the excitement remained.
And although I can't tell you what Swift has been cooking up musically, there's one thing I can confirm: medium-long, almond-shaped, glittery nails are about to be huge.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Sophia Vilensky is a Freelance Beauty Writer at Marie Claire with a beauty, wellness, and entertainment journalism portfolio that includes contributions to Byrdie, Bravo, Teen Vogue, and Us Weekly. Growing up in a family of beauticians—and through her own personal studies—she developed an in-depth understanding of aesthetics, cosmetic product formulation, and beauty treatment development and has also held roles as a senior copywriter, content strategist, and proofreader for top beauty and wellness brands. Even so, you'd be hard pressed to find her with her hair and makeup actually done. Sophia is based in Minneapolis and is a 2019 graduate of the University of Minnesota, where she majored in English and minored in cinema studies. During her time at the university, she was the Arts & Entertainment Editor for the Minnesota Daily, earning the 2019 Editor of the Year award for her work. She connected deeply with the Twin Cities arts scene, collaborating with leading beauty professionals, designers, and artists. Graduating Summa Cum Laude, her thesis—a close-reading of Vanderpump Rules—was featured on NPR. When not immersed in writing or testing new products, Sophia enjoys watching reality TV, reading, and exploring the newest woo-woo wellness trends. Keep up with her on Instagram @sophiavilensky.

Right this way to chic and sweet fragrances.
Right this way to sophisticated sweetness.


Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


Could your brand survive an editor testing session?


A rare appearance came with rare tips.


Her nail artist confirmed exactly which shades she used.


Could she have debuted her diamond any other way?


Good news: I have them.


Her facialist, Lord Gavin McLeod-Valentine, gave Marie Claire the full breakdown.


Gray hair is chic, period.


It's giving Mia Farrow.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.