Don't look now, but we're already at full march into a March full of great things to watch. But while the six major streaming networks in Australia are overflowing with eyeball-worthy content, very few of us have the spare time to identify and view all of it. You need a guide. That's where I come in.
So without much further ado, let’s hook you up with every single critically acclaimed film, addictive TV series, and surprisingly awesome original content available. Below are the top picks from thousands of hours of content from the networks that matter. Click your provider from the list, home in on the must-sees, and set your eyes to square.
Table of Contents
TV litter pick: Mary & George: S1– Mar 4 : The story of the Countess of Buckingham who moulded her son to seduce King James I and become his all-powerful lover, through intrigue, becoming richer, more titled and influential than England has ever seen.
Movie litter pick: Oppenheimer – Mar 22 : A biopic in constant free fall, Oppenheimer is Christopher Nolan’s most abstract yet most exacting work, with themes of guilt writ large through apocalyptic nightmares that grow both more enormous and more intimate as time ticks on.
Sign up for a free 14–day Binge trial
Back to top
TV litter pick: Pokémon Horizons: The Series – Mar 7 : Arriving at Indigo Academy, a girl named Liko receives her first partner Pokémon, Sprigatito. But she soon finds herself pursued by the Explorers, a mysterious group that’s determined to take the pendant necklace she wears.
Movie litter pick: Uncharted – Mar 27 : Uncharted is a safe but serviceable sampling of a new globe-spanning adventure. As a young Nathan Drake, Tom Holland is fun to watch and has good chemistry with Mark Wahlberg’s Victor Sullivan, even if their antagonists are pretty forgettable.
Secure your subscription to Netflix
Back to top
TV litter pick: X-Men ‘97 – Mar 20 : X-Men '97 picks up where the classic and iconic X-Men: The Animated Series left off with several of the original cast members returning.
Movie litter pick: Madu – Mar 9 : Twelve-year-old Madu leaves his family and community in Nigeria to study at a prestigious ballet school in England. Having never left his home outside of Lagos, Anthony finds himself in a strange new world.
Sign up for Disney Plus
Back to top
TV litter pick: The Reluctant Traveler with Eugene Levy – Mar 8 : Host Eugene Levy steps out of his comfort zone and goes on a worldwide travel adventure.
Movie litter pick: Napoleon – Mar 1 : Ridley Scott returns to the old-world battlefields and feudal intrigue of his Oscar-winning Gladiator with a decades-spanning biopic of the French tactician who conquered half of Europe.
Sign up for a free 7–day trial of Apple TV+
Back to top
TV litter pick: Invincible: S2 Part 2 – Mar 14 :  The latest trailer foreshadowed a new enemy that threatens Earth. Also, a glimpse of Angstrom Levy, a villain who appeared in the first half of Invincible Season 2 and can travel to different dimensions via portals.
Movie litter pick: Road House – Mar 21 : Hold onto your throats, because in this adrenaline-fueled reimagining of the 80s cult classic, ex-UFC fighter Dalton (Jake Gyllenhaal) takes a job as a bouncer at a Florida Keys roadhouse.
Sign up for a free 30–day Prime Video trial
Back to top
TV litter pick: The Good Doctor: S6 : Shaun Murphy, a young surgeon with autism and savant syndrome, relocates from a quiet country life to join the surgical unit at the prestigious San Jose St. Bonaventure Hospital.
Movie litter pick: Moneyball – Mar 1 : One of my favourite films (and I barely even like or know the rules of baseball). Brad Pitt stars as Billy Beane, an ex-player and current general manager of the Oakland A's who has already tried playing by the rules of the sport. Now he wants to rewrite them to incredible effect.
Score your free 30–day trial of Stan
Back to top
 IGN is now on Flash, live and on demand. Stream the latest and trending news for video games, interviews, videos, and wikis. Check it out here.
 Adam Mathew is our Aussie streaming savant. He also games on YouTube.