We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Dune: Part Two is riding a sandworm to the top of the box office.
Dune: Part Two has set multiple new records with a huge box office debut for the science fiction space opera.
Starring Timothée Chalamet and Zendaya amongst a star-studded cast including Florence Pugh, Rebecca Ferguson, Austin Butler and more, the Denis Villeneuve-directed Part Two is based on the second half of the novel of the same name by Frank Herbert, and is a follow-up to 2021's Dune.
According to Variety, the sequel has collected $81.5 million in its domestic debut, in the biggest opening weekend of 2024 so far – and the largest since Taylor Swift's concert film The Eras Tour ($93 million).
Including its overseas tally of $97 million, Dune 2 has already made $178.5 million worldwide after one weekend.
Related: Why Dune: Part Two fails to address Dune's biggest issue
Dune: Part Two is also Villeneuve's best US debut ever – and nearly double the opening of the first film at $41 million.
The sequel follows Chalemet as Paul Atreides and Zendaya as Freman warrior Chandi as they wage war against the House of Harkonnen.
A third film – though not officially confirmed – is set to be based on Herbert's second novel, Dune: Messiah.
Villeneuve told Digital Spy: "We are in early stages. We are in the right direction. There's a lot of work that has been done, but there's a lot of work that needs to be done in order to have something solid to shoot."
Related: Dune: Part Two ending explained – how does it set up the next movie?
Our review of Dune: Part Two called the film a "near-perfect sci-fi epic".
"This terrific sequel is an unassailable argument for keeping Dune alive on the big screen for a little bit longer," it said.
Dune: Part Two is out now in cinemas.
Charlie Duncan is a freelance news reporter for Digital Spy.
Florence Pugh confirms return for Dune 3
Robert Pattinson set for major Dune 3 role 
Is there a Dune 3 coming?
Jason Momoa confirms return for Dune 3
Timothée Chalamet chops off signature locks
Chris Pratt's new thriller gets delayed 
Florence Pugh joins Queer Eye star in docuseries
Zendaya debuts fringe hair transformation
Zendaya sparks Tom Holland engagement rumour
Timothée Chalamet's new movie gets strong reviews
Dune prequel series gets future confirmed
Austin Butler lands next lead movie role
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.