We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Only four celebrities remain. 
Dancing on Ice spoilers follow.
Dancing on Ice has eliminated its eighth celebrity contestant.
Flying Week – the season's semi-finals – saw each celebrity contestant perform two routines: one with their pro partners performing a rigged flight above the rink and one 'solo skate'.
Amber Davies and Simon Proulx-Sénécal left the competition just before the final.
The couple performed a routine to 'Wildest Dreams' by Taylor Swift and scored the first perfect '40.0' of the series, but landed in the skate-off against radio DJ Adele Roberts and Mark Hanretty, who skated to 'Rise Like a Phoenix' by Conchita Wurst.
Related: Dancing on Ice's Amber Davies responds to fan backlash after surviving skate-off
Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse and Christopher Dean all voted to save Adele, meaning head judge Jayne Torvill's vote was irrelevant – but she confirmed she would have done the same.
"I just feel like younger me would not believe that I've had this experience. It has been life-changing in so many ways. The team as a whole is amazing," Amber said after her elimination, before shouting out the production team. 
For the episode's 'solo skate', the five remaining celebrities had to perform a group routine, with each celebrity getting their moment in the spotlight. 
The winning celebrity, Greg Rutherford, received an extra five points on top of his score for his partnered skate.
Related: Dancing on Ice has fallen into the same insidious trap as Strictly 
After a routine featuring 'Highway to Hell' by AC/DC, Amber placed fifth, Adele Roberts fourth, Coronation Street's Ryan Thomas third, and Made in Chelsea's Miles Nazaire second.
For their partner skates, Greg and Vanessa James skated to 'A Sky Full of Stars' by Coldplay, and Miles skated with Vanessa Bauer to 'Feeling Good' by Michael Bublé.
Ryan and Amani Fancy's routine saw the pair perform to 'Ain't That a Kick in the Head?' by Robbie Williams. 
Next week's final will see Adele, Ryan, Greg and Miles competing for the crown.
Dancing on Ice airs on Sunday nights on ITV1 and streams on ITVX.
Charlie Duncan is a freelance news reporter for Digital Spy.
Dancing on Ice's Holly Willoughby on show axe
Dancing on Ice axed by ITV after 17 seasons
Dancing on Ice star engaged after decade "of joy"
DoI star marks "end of an era" in exit statement
DOI airs Torvill and Dean's final performance
Dancing on Ice announces 2025 champions
Dancing on Ice forced to apologise as star swears
Dancing on Ice confirms 2025 finalists
DoI star receives first perfect score of 2025
Dancing on Ice 2025 announces semi-finalists
Dancing on Ice 2025 reveals quarter finalists
EastEnders legend makes TV return to support star
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.