Four of our five predicted Oscar nominees for Best Sound number among the contenders for the Cinema Audio Society Awards for sound mixing announced on Jan. 9. Oscar frontrunner "Oppenheimer" reaped a bid as did three of its closest competitors --"Ferrari," "Maestro," "and "Killers of the Flower Moon." The fifth nominee at the CAS is "Barbie," which we have in 7th place on our Oscars chart. It bumped our fourth-place contender "The Zone of Interest."
The upcoming Oscars mark the fourth year for the Best Sound category, which combines Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing. The CAS honors the latter while the Motion Picture Sound Editors salute achievements in the former.
Last year all five of the society's favorites -- "All Quiet on the Western Front," "Avatar: The Way of Water," "Batman," "Elvis" and "Top Gun: Maverick" -- sounded good to the academy's sound branch. "Top Gun: Maverick" won both awards.
In 2022, four of the five CAS nominees -- "Dune," "No Time to Die," "The Power of the Dog" and "West Side Story" -- went on to contend at the Oscars. The fifth, "Spider-Man: No Way Home," was bumped by "Belfast." "Dune" was a double dipper.
Likewise in 2021, four of the five CAS contenders -- "Greyhound," "Mank," "News of the World and "Sound of Metal" -- reaped Oscar bids. The fifth, "The Trial of the Chicago 7," was replace by "Soul," which had contended in the animated race at the CAS Awards. "Sound of Metal" won with both groups.
This year's CAS nominees for sound mixing in an animated feature are: "Elemental," "Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse," "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem," "The Boy and the Heron" and "The Super Mario Brothers Movie."
And the documentary feature contenders are: "32 Sounds," "American Symphony," "Little Richard: I Am Everything," "Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie" and "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour."
Historically, about two-thirds of the CAS nominees went on to vie for Best Sound Mixing at the Academy Awards. In 2020, "Ford v Ferrari" took top honors at these precursor prizes over two of its Oscar rivals for Best Sound Mixing -- “Joker” and “Once Upon a Time in Hollywood”  -- as well as “Rocketman” and “The Irishman.”  The sound branch of the academy snubbed those latter two films in favor of “1917” and “Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker.” "Ford v Ferrari" won at the Oscars as well; historically, about half of the CSA champs went on to claim victory at the Academy Awards.
The 60th annual Cinema Audio Society Awards are on March 2.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media