The K-pop star was also spotted dancing to "Don't Blame Me" at the National Stadium show on Sunday
Han Myung-Gu/WireImage; Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty 
Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour continues to be a star-studded affair!
BLACKPINK’s Lisa became the latest celebrity to attend the concert event. On Sunday, the rapper and singer, 26, was spotted in the crowd at Swift’s second of six concerts in Singapore, photos and videos shared on X (formerly Twitter) show.
At the National Stadium show, Lisa walked around the venue with friends, danced to Reputation track "Don't Blame Me" and even participated in trading friendship bracelets with fans, according to even more clips from the event.
Related: All of the Celebrities Who've Attended Taylor Swift's Eras Tour So Far
In one video shared by a Swift fan account, the K-pop star could be seen adding yet another beaded bracelet to her wrist after accepting it from a fan in the crowd.
Lisa was not the first member of the South Korean band to support Swift on her record-breaking tour, as Rosé was spotted at one of Swift’s Japan stops last month, videos previously shared by a BLACKPINK fan account showed.
Other celebrities who have shown up to support the “Love Story” singer, 34, on the latest leg of her tour include Katy Perry, Rita Ora and Taika Waititi, as well as Swift’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce, all of whom attended one of the musician's Sydney, Australia, stops.
Ashok Kumar/TAS24/Getty
Related: Taylor Swift Plays More Mashups as Surprise Songs During 1st Singapore Eras Tour Show
Also at the Sunday concert, Lisa witnessed the Midnights songstress share more news about her upcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department.
At the stop, where Swift performed for around 55,000 fans, the Grammy winner made a surprise announcement, revealing the fourth and final version of the highly anticipated record.
While sitting at her piano on stage, Swift shared that the bonus track for this edition is titled "The Black Dog." She then unveiled previously unseen album artwork — a photo of herself running her hands through her hair.
The pop star also shared the news in an Instagram post.
Alongside an image of the same artwork that appeared during her show, she wrote, “‘Old habits die screaming…’ File Name: The Black Dog 🖤Pre-order the final new edition of THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT with exclusive bonus track 'The Black Dog' on my website now.”
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
The performance marked the second of six shows the Grammy winner will perform in Singapore.
She will perform another show on Monday night and then enjoy a two-day break before hitting the National Stadium stage again on Thursday for three more concerts.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.
King Charles and Queen Camilla released a statement shortly before Prince Harry surprised many royal watchers as he revealed his hopes to reconcile with his family
Several supply chain experts weighed in on what items to expect fewer of and will likely cost more.
President Trump shared an AI-generated image depicting himself as the leader of the Catholic Church, coming as the Vatican’s conclave to select the next pope is set to commence next week. On Friday evening, the U.S. president posted the image on his official account on Truth Social, the social-media platform run by Trump Media & …
"He gets mad when people won't go along with his lies."
Meet the surprise celebrity couple worth billions more than David and Victoria Beckham and George and Amal Clooney.
Brace yourself, Mr. President. 60 Minutes plans to enrage Donald Trump Sunday with an episode bashing his intimidation efforts—despite being in a legal battle with the president themselves. “On the campaign trail, President Trump vowed to wield the power of the presidency to go after his perceived enemies,” the segment’s description reads. “Now in the White House, Trump is using executive orders to target some of the biggest law firms in the country that he accuses of ‘weaponizing’ the justice s
President Donald Trump is being ripped to shreds after he bragged—by all accounts, erroneously—that gas prices had cratered to less than $2 per gallon. “Gasoline just broke $1.98 a Gallon, lowest in years,” Trump wrote on Truth Social this morning, touting the unsourced claim as evidence that the economy was flourishing under his tariffs. Fact-checkers at CNN, PolitiFact, and CBS News were quick to undercut the president, observing that the lowest average gas price of any state was $2.66, in Mis
Vice President’s Yale Law School friend Jamil Javani, now a Conservative MP in Canada, says it is not a ‘constructive’ moment for a trip to Ontario, given tensions between their two nations
"I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made a f****** mess."
Sometimes these jokes write themselves.
"It was emotional because the last time I saw that dress was on Anna," Dannielynn's father Larry Birkhead tells PEOPLE of the dress his daughter wore to the 2025 Barnstable Brown Gala
The incident happened near downtown Columbus, Ohio, on April 30
Audrey Backeberg was 20 years old and married with children when she disappeared in 1962
Phil McGraw’s description of the president was... something.
After a routine morning walk with his infant daughter, a father of four was mistakenly reported as 'homeless' by a neighbor
"They say 'separation between church and state,' they told me. I said, alright, let's forget about that for one time."
During a recent Hot Topics segment on “The View,” the comedian took a swipe at the latest royal kerfuffle involving Markle.
OTTAWA — Despite U.S. President Donald Trump's repeated claim that Canada has been ripping off the United States, new polling suggests the percentage of Americans identifying Canada as their country's most important ally has doubled.
Here's why President Trump is pushing to rename Veterans Day, a federal holiday recognized each year on Nov. 11.
The actress and activist appeared to ditch her signature long locks for a bob