by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	After Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s loved-up reunion in Sydney, many are hoping for another reunion between the lovebirds soon, specifically a reunion while she’s touring in Singapore. However, Daily Express concluded that a reunion may not be happening soon due to Kelce’s newly hectic schedule.

	










	While Kelce is in the off-season, he still has duties for the Kansas City Chiefs, like working on perfecting their performances with training, workouts, and more, per American Football Today. But the reason his schedule is so tightly packed is because of all the new business opportunities he’s acquired.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Hilaria Baldwin Reveals Why She Was 'Ready To Walk' Away From Alec Baldwin Marriage		
	










	He currently has partnerships with brands like Nike and Bud Light and with businesses like State Farm, Experian, Pfizer, and DirecTV, making his schedule packed with contractual obligations like filming commercials, events, and more.

	Kelce has been expanding his empire outside of the sports world, so many think it might be some time until we get another PDA reunion from the two anytime soon. But knowing how Swift utilizes her private jet, even when she was touring across the world and meeting Kelce at football games, a reunion may come up soon (much to the delight of fans).



	For those who don’t know, Kelce and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but they actually got together months prior and kept their romance private until the time was right. 

	Swift talked about how she and Kelce were already a couple when she went to the first football game she appeared at for him. She said during her interview with Time’s 2023 Person of the Year: “So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other. By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard-launch a first date.”
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.