e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
The Super Tuesday primaries are the largest voting day of the year outside of the November general election.
Voters in 16 states will choose who they want to run for president. Some states are also deciding who should run for governor or senator or district attorneys.
Party primaries, caucuses or presidential preference votes are being held in the following states:
Here’s the latest:
ROCKWALL, Texas — Katrina Pierson, a former Trump presidential campaign adviser, has advanced to a Republican primary runoff in Texas for a legislative seat in the Dallas suburbs.
Pierson’s opponent in the runoff — set for May 28 — for the Texas House seat is Rep. Justin Holland, who was one of dozens of Republicans who voted last year to impeach Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Trump ally.
It’s not the first time Pierson has run for office in Texas. She lost a run for Congress in 2014 before becoming a spokesperson for Trump’s presidential campaign.
WASHINGTON — Democratic U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff and Republican former baseball player Steve Garvey are headed for a November election in California to decide who will fill the U.S. Senate seat held for three decades by the late Dianne Feinstein. But it’s not just one term.
The candidates are competing to serve out the remainder of Feinstein’s term between the November election and the January inauguration of a new senator. But they’re also running for her full six-year term.
The strange scenario came about because California Gov. Gavin Newsom appointed someone to the seat after Feinstein’s death. Election rules require a special election to fill the last bit of that term.
WASHINGTON — Jason Palmer said he knows he’s a longshot for the Democratic presidential nomination.
“When I started this race, I knew there was a 99% chance that Joe Biden would win,” he told The Associated Press.
But the 52-year-old Baltimore investor still managed to win four delegates in American Samoa on Super Tuesday, denying President Joe Biden a victory there.
Palmer was attending an education conference in Washington when the results came in.
“I found out that I had won because my phone started blowing up with friends and campaign staffers texting me,” he said.
CHARLESTON, S.C. — Nikki Haley’s national campaign spokesperson Olivia Perez-Cubas said in a statement Tuesday that the Republican candidate was honored to be the first GOP woman to win two presidential primary contests.
“Today, in state after state, there remains a large block of Republican primary voters who are expressing deep concerns about Donald Trump,” Perez-Cubas said. “That is not the unity our party needs for success.”
Despite her win in Vermont on Tuesday and her primary win in Washington, D.C. on Sunday, Trump was notching more victories.
WASHINGTON — Two Democrats advanced to a primary runoff election in Alabama’s newly-drawn 2nd Congressional District.
Anthony Daniels and Shomari Figures emerged from the crowded field Tuesday. The district is closely watched by Democrats as a potential pickup opportunity in the U.S. House.
Because no candidate garnered more than 50% of the vote, the race now advances a runoff between Daniels and Figures, which is set for April 16.
The new district was created after a federal court ordered Alabama redraw its congressional map to better represent Black voters, a decision upheld by the Supreme Court. The redrawn district includes parts of Montgomery and Mobile, as well as much of the region’s “Black Belt,” where a majority of the state’s Black population resides.
WASHINGTON — President Joe Biden and his predecessor Donald Trump have all but cemented a November rematch, and it’s increasing the pressure on Nikki Haley — Trump’s last major rival — to exit the Republican race.
Biden and Trump each won Texas, Alabama, California, Colorado, Maine, Oklahoma, Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Arkansas, Minnesota and Massachusetts. Biden also won the Democratic contests in Utah, Vermont and Iowa.
Haley won Vermont, but Trump carried other states that might have been favorable to her, such as Virginia and Maine. Those states have large swaths of moderate voters like those who have backed her in previous primaries.
Not enough states will have voted until later this month for Trump or Biden to formally become their parties’ presumptive nominees.
LITTLETON, Colo. — President Joe Biden still faces a protest vote as some people are casting their ballots on Tuesday for “uncommitted” because of his support of Israel.
U.S. Air Force veteran Keira Havens, 40, said she backed “uncommitted” over Biden’s response to the conflict.
“This is the only tool I have to put pressure on them right now, I’m going to use it,” Havens said.
Marcus Casillas, 29, said the argument from other Democrats to vote for Biden because former President Donald Trump would be less supportive of Palestinians isn’t convincing.
“I firmly believe that in order for me to vote for someone, they need to earn the vote,” Casillas said. “I want to have belief in what I’m doing when I make that choice.”
WASHINGTON — Former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley scored a surprise victory on Super Tuesday, upsetting Donald Trump to win Vermont.
However, that victory will do little to dent Trump’s primary dominance. The former president won 11 other states on Super Tuesday.
Haley is the last major rival to Trump standing in a once-crowded primary field. She increasingly has stepped up her attacks on the former president, arguing he will lose in November to President Joe Biden if he clinches the party’s nomination.
On the Democratic side, Biden also ran up the score with wins all around the country against only token primary opposition — all but cementing the long-expected November rematch between him and Trump.
In a speech Tuesday evening at a victory party in Mar-a-Lago, former President Donald Trump condemned Joe Biden’s handling of the economy, foreign policy and especially the U.S.-Mexico border.
But he offered little in the way of prescriptions during his 20-minute speech and instead ticked through moments in his administration, several of them more than five years ago.
“We’re going to make America great again, greater than ever before,” he said.
WASHINGTON – President Joe Biden is choosing not to revel in his Super Tuesday nomination wins, instead releasing a statement telling Americans it is time to defend democracy.
“My message to the country is this,” Biden said in a written statement from his campaign. “Every generation of Americans will face a moment when it has to defend democracy. Stand up for our personal freedom. Stand up for the right to vote and our civil rights. To every Democrat, Republican, and independent who believes in a free and fair America: This is our moment. This is our fight. Together, we will win.”
Biden is casting Republican Donald Trump as someone willing to reverse his policies on taxes and improved affordability for prescription drugs. But, mostly, the written statement was an admonition to voters about Trump’s time in office and that the former president cares about “revenge and retribution, not the American people.”
NEW YORK — Nikki Haley has suffered a string of significant losses Tuesday, and it’s prompting allies to believe the end of her 2024 presidential campaign may be near.
Haley didn’t make any public statements as officials counted ballots coast-to-coast late into the night. Privately, her team expected Republican rival Donald Trump to win almost every one of the evening’s contests, despite their best efforts to stop him. Haley spent the night huddled with staff watching returns near her South Carolina home.
Trump is expected to win the necessary 1,215 delegates to become the GOP’s presumptive nominee later this month.
WASHINGTON — The criminal charges against former President Donald Trump have done nothing to hurt his appeal with most Republican voters.
Trump is collecting wins that put him closer to the GOP nomination and a likely 2020 rematch against President Joe Biden. But he’s still got an array of looming court cases, including one based on accusations he mishandled classified material and another on his false claims about winning the 2020 election. Jury selection in his New York hush-money trial will begin March 25.
AP VoteCast found that 74% of South Carolina primary voters said the criminal charges are a political attempt to undermine Trump. Still, a third of Republican voters in that state also said they think he did something illegal in at least one of the cases against him.
RALEIGH, N.C. — The Democratic and Republican nominees for North Carolina governor are playing up their differences in Tuesday speeches to supporters.
Josh Stein is the Democrat and the state’s current attorney general. Mark Robinson, the state’s Republican lieutenant governor, is a former factory worker who has the endorsement of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.
“Today we took an important first step, but we must be clear-eyed about the stakes of this election,” Stein said in a victory speech to supporters in Raleigh. “We’re at a crossroads,” he said. He told supporters Robinson’s vision for the state was “bleak and divisive.”
Robinson described himself as an underdog.
“The differences could not be more clear,” Robinson said at a Greensboro victory party. “I’m sure the people of North Carolina will make the right choice.”
BOUNTIFUL, Utah — As voters in other states across the Mountain West line up at the polls on Tuesday, Utah Republicans are doing things differently.
Thousands of voters are flooding into Millcreek Junior High School, one of 2,300 neighborhood caucus locations around the state where residents will debate the candidates as a group before casting votes in a preference poll. Voters are bringing plates of food to eat during the coming debates.
“We want to have good, strong political discourse tonight,” said Lisa Fifield, the Bountiful, Utah, caucus director.
Utah’s 40 delegates will be distributed proportionally between the candidates unless one receives over 50% of the vote, which would earn them all of the state’s delegates.
WASHINGTON — Jason Palmer defeated President Joe Biden in American Samoa, a tiny U.S. territory in the South Pacific.
According to the local Democratic Party, Palmer won 51 votes and Biden won 40. There were only six delegates up for grabs there in a contest that requires nearly 2,000, but it’s still a notable setback for an incumbent president. Palmer is a Baltimore-based investor.
This isn’t the first time that American Samoa has turned up surprising results in a primary. During the 2020 Democratic race, it was the only contest won by billionaire Michael Bloomberg, the former New York City mayor.
WASHINGTON — Minnesota Rep. Dean Phillips, the only elected Democrat to challenge President Joe Biden in their party’s primary, isn’t coming close to winning anywhere on Tuesday — but he’s trying not to let it get him down.
“Congratulations to Joe Biden, Uncommitted, Marianne Williamson, and Nikki Haley for demonstrating more appeal to Democratic Party loyalists than me,” Phillips posted on X, formerly Twitter.
Phillips has remained in the race despite providing only token opposition to Biden and no real chance of challenging him nationally. His home state of Minnesota is among those holding a Democratic primary on Super Tuesday — but he isn’t expected to win there, either.
WASHINGTON — President Joe Biden is flying under the radar on Super Tuesday, looking ahead to his State of the Union address on Thursday.
Biden did little official campaigning as the incumbent coasts toward his party’s nomination a second time.
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Tuesday that Biden would be “kept updated” throughout the evening.
“He’ll be aware of what’s going on tonight as we see elections happening across the country,” she told reporters. “I just don’t have anything specific on that.”
The low-key approach is part scheduling, as Biden spends hours in preparation sessions with top aides for Thursday’s big speech, and part by design, as he projects his focus is on the November race.
WASHINGTON — The biggest night of the primary campaign is half over. So far, there haven’t been any surprises.
President Joe Biden has easily carried all the Democratic contests, winning Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Vermont.
Republican front-runner former President Donald Trump clinched Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado Maine, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia.
Full results will take at least a few more hours. Voting in Alaska doesn’t end until midnight EST.
Although Biden and Trump are expected to be their party’s nominee, neither will be declared the “presumptive nominee” tonight. Trump won’t have enough delegates until March 12, and Biden will have to wait until March 19.
CHICAGO — The first major voting date on this year’s primary calendar passed without major issues Tuesday, a senior official for the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency said.
The official, who insisted on anonymity to discuss the elections, said there were no specific, credible threats or deliberate nefarious activities as states across the country held Super Tuesday elections.
The official said they are aware of social media outages Tuesday that caused widespread login issues for a few hours across Meta’s Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms, but they are not aware of any election nexus.
WASHINGTON — Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins endorsed Nikki Haley in her home state.
But Donald Trump easily won the state’s GOP primary regardless, illustrating how the former president has nationalized politics.
Collins is a five-term senator, but her opinion appears to carry little weight on presidential matters with her own constituents.
LITTLETON, Colo. — At a polling site in Colorado, 8-year-old Kaiah Ezell is with her mom selling Girl Scout cookies and encouraging people to vote.
“We are a big American family,” said mom Ally Ezell, 26.
Ezell, bedecked in American flag pants and a shirt stamped with “Patriot,” confirmed they’ll take Venmo to a customer buying shortbread. “Did you get a chance to vote today?” Ezell asked the customer. They had not.
She said she voted for Trump because “I personally think that our economy and our country were in the best spot when he was president.” She added that with a fiancé who’s a veteran, her top voting issue was “getting back to patriotism.”
Kaiah bounced around the truck bed, digging out cookies for customers and calculating the change, but her mom said she isn’t following politics much yet.
WASHINGTON — President Joe Biden’s campaign is hoping tonight’s results will clarify the choice for voters this November. It’s an all-but-certain rematch between the incumbent president and former President Donald Trump.
Biden’s team is making an all-in wager that it can make the general election into a referendum on Trump. They’re betting voters who rejected Trump in 2020 — and GOP candidates in 2022 and 2023 — will do so again this November, even if they have little enthusiasm for Biden.
It’s clear many voters dislike both Biden and Trump — but Biden’s team is hoping those who dislike their choices at the ballot box will break their way.
Voters misled about newly created Alabama congressional district ahead of casting ballotsWASHINGTON — Efforts to boost Black representation in Alabama were marred on Tuesday when more than 6,000 voters in the new 2nd Congressional District received postcards with incorrect voting information, officials said.
The postcards misidentified the voters’ district because of a “software glitch,” according to a county official. The official said anyone was still allowed to cast ballots for the right candidates when they went to their precincts.
Advocates expressed concern that the error could have discouraged turnout in the first election with new district maps.
WASHINGTON — Democratic Attorney General Josh Stein and Republican Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson will compete to succeed the term-limited Gov. Roy Cooper after the two won their respective party’s primary Tuesday. Their general election campaigns will show clear contrasts.
Stein would be the state’s first Jewish governor. The Harvard University-educated lawyer has an established focus on consumer rights.
Robinson is a former factory worker. As a city council member, he gave a viral speech in 2018 that catapulted him into public recognition and earned him an endorsement from former President Donald Trump. Already North Carolina’s first Black lieutenant governor, Robinson would also be the state’s first Black governor.
WASHINGTON – It’s no surprise that President Joe Biden is notching easy victories in Super Tuesday’s primaries.
So far, The Associated Press has called Iowa, North Carolina, Vermont and Virginia for Biden. There are 12 additional states in Super Tuesday.
The Democrat is his party’s only major candidate, despite concerns among voters about the 81-year-old’s age. Biden has already spent the weeks leading up to the primary contests focused on his likely November opponent, former President Donald Trump, the 77-year-old Republican frontrunner.
Today’s results will likely only intensify the rivalry between both men in what could be a long slog of a campaign. Biden has framed this race as a battle to protect democracy and constitutional values.
The question is whether Biden can energize his voters for November.
PALM BEACH, Florida – A crowd has packed into former President Donald Trump’s victory party at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach.
There’s a bar and passed hors d’oeuvres, including empanadas and baked brie cheese. Staff and supporters are among the crowd, which includes the rapper Forgiato Blow. Fox News is playing on screens set up around the ballroom. The crowd was erupting into cheers when an announcement that Trump won North Carolina’s Republican primary flashed on the screen.
The atmosphere is far more energetic than Trump’s launch event in the same ballroom in November 2022, after steep Republican midterm losses.
WASHINGTON — Public concern — and blame — over crime could well determine who serves as Los Angeles County district attorney.
Democrat George Gascón, a progressive prosecutor elected to the post after the murder of George Floyd, is fighting to hold onto his job after surviving two previous recall attempts.
He faces 11 challengers in Tuesday’s nonpartisan primary. The two candidates with the most votes will face off in the general election in November.
Gascón’s critics have highlighted a series of robberies at luxury stores to suggest that lawlessness has been sweeping through Los Angeles. Property crime rose from 2022 to 2023. Violent crime slipped, but it’s still above pre-pandemic levels.
WASHINGTON — California has Super Tuesday’s most hotly anticipated — and confusing — primary contests.
Most states have separate voting for Democrats and Republicans, but California uses a “top two system.” That means the two candidates with the most votes advance to the November general election, regardless of party.
It’s a big factor hanging over California’s U.S. Senate race in the wake of the death of Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein in September: whether a Republican finishes in the top two on Tuesday, or if the general election will feature a faceoff between two Democrats.
The leading candidates are Republican Steve Garvey, a former baseball star, and Democratic Reps. Barbara Lee, Katie Porter and Adam Schiff. It’s possible the Democrats split votes and Garvey ends up leading the primary.
WASHINGTON — Nikki Haley has pegged her Republican presidential campaign to the biggest day of the primary season, crossing the country over the last several days to visit Super Tuesday states.
But the former U.N. ambassador and former South Carolina governor is not holding any public events Tuesday night. And she has no future campaign rallies listed on her website.
Haley’s campaign says she’s spending election night in the Charleston, South Carolina, area and watching results come in with her staff.
Says the campaign: “The mood is jubilant.”
McALLEN, Texas — Voters craving more transparency after the last election cycle can watch their ballots via camera as they move behind closed doors in several counties nationwide.
“You’ll see staff going in and out, of course, authorized staff that able to be in there, along with the central counting station that will be there tabulating and calculating all the votes,” said Hilda Salinas, the election administrator in Texas’ Hidalgo County, which abuts the border with Mexico.
Texas’ video surveillance is part of a 2021 state law. There are also other counties nationwide that are streaming their ballot processing, including Cuyahoga County in Ohio, Maricopa County in Arizona, and King County in Washington.
President Joe Biden notched his first Super Tuesday win in Iowa.
Iowa is legendary for kicking off the presidential campaign every four years with its famed caucuses. But Democrats changed the process in Iowa after a meltdown in releasing results in 2020.
The trouble prompted the national party to reshuffle the election calendar this year with a goal of emphasizing more diverse states. That left Iowa Democrats sending ballots in the mail, with results released on Tuesday.
Republicans moved forward with the traditional Iowa caucuses in January with Trump posting a dominant, nearly 30 percentage point win over his closest rivals.
PORTLAND, Maine — Republican voter Barbara Tracy said she was supporting Nikki Haley even though Haley’s an underdog.
“Donald Trump’s volatility scares me,” the 59-year-old paralegal said. “I think he’s a great candidate for us fiscally. But in all of the other areas I’m a little nervous.”
Lucie Tardif, a 67-year-old retiree, had no such qualms about Trump. She said she doesn’t always like the bombastic things that come from Trump’s mouth, but that didn’t prevent her from supporting the former president.
“I wish he’d keep his trap shut every once in a while, but I thought he was a really good president. And that’s what matters to me,” Tardif said.“He did what he said he was going to do. And I really like that.”
HOUSTON — Aboard the International Space Station, two NASA astronauts performed their civic duty.
Astronauts Jasmin Moghbeli and Loral O’Hara confirmed they had cast their celestial ballots in posts on X, formerly known as Twitter. “Being in space didn’t stop (O’Hara) and I from voting. Go vote today!” Moghbeli wrote.
According to NASA’s website, after an astronaut fills out an electronic absentee ballot aboard the space station, the encrypted document goes through a tracking and data relay satellite to a ground antenna at the White Sands Complex in New Mexico.
From there, the ballot is sent to the Mission Control Center in Houston and forwarded to the county clerk’s office.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — North Carolina officials activated emergency robocalls Tuesday to correct misinformation from a country music radio station serving a western part of the state in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Related Articles


			Military parade to celebrate the Army’s 250th anniversary will be held on Trump’s birthday		




			Judge blocks Trump executive order targeting elite law firm, a blow to his retribution campaign		




			Trump administration asks Supreme Court to let DOGE access Social Security systems		




			Trump budget would slash NASA funds		




			Scientific societies say they’ll do national climate assessment after Trump dismissed report authors		

State Board of Elections spokesperson Patrick Gannon said WKYK, based in Burnsville, North Carolina, reported incorrectly that voting precincts had closed. It said that residents around Yancey County, population 18,000, would have to vote instead at the county board of elections office.
Gannon said the false information appeared “to be an honest, but unfortunate, mistake.”
Within 30 minutes of the radio report, the county’s emergency management office used a subscription-based public safety mass messaging system to issue accurate voting instructions.
WKYK did not immediately respond to a voice message from The Associated Press seeking more information.
DALLAS — Texas Gov. Greg Abbott spent Super Tuesday talking to officials in the Panhandle, where multiple wildfires continue to burn.
The Republican didn’t mention politics as he addressed the area’s concerns, including what he called an “extraordinary” demand for hay for cattle.
Speaking in the city of Canadian, Abbott urged residents to remain vigilant with the wildfires still burning.
In the lead up to Tuesday’s primary, Abbott had targeted nearly two dozen incumbents who helped defeat his plan to spend tax money on private schools.
BOSTON — Marwa Osman, a 35-year-old content creator, says she voted “no preference” to protest President Joe Biden’s policy toward the Israel-Hamas war. Osman opposes sending any U.S. aid to Israel and wants the president to support a full ceasefire between Israel and Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip.
“We supported Biden from the beginning and kind of feel betrayed by him,” she said.
If the administration doesn’t change its policy toward the war, Osman says she is considering sitting out the November election.
“I’ll probably not vote or vote for an independent party,” she said. “I just cannot have my vote in good conscience go to something that is aiding to kill innocent civilians.”
HOUSTON — What to do if you’re a candidate and you don’t see your name when looking over your ballot?
“It was funny because I couldn’t even vote for my own self,” said Texas state Rep. Jarvis Johnson, a Democrat running for the state Senate.
Johnson’s son and daughter and a campaign member were also voting at the same location in Houston, and they couldn’t find his name, either.
An election judge had scanned the wrong precinct code, bringing up the incorrect ballot for Johnson and the others, Harris County Clerk Teneshia Hudspeth said.
The mistake was fixed, and staff has been sent to the voting location to ensure it doesn’t happen again, said Hudspeth, who earlier reported that Super Tuesday voting in the county was generally smooth, with problems in just a few places.
Elections there in recent years have drawn attention because of problems ranging from paper ballot shortages to malfunctioning machines to long lines.
LOS ANGELES — Voters trickled into the Connie Norman Transgender Empowerment Center on Tuesday as it served as a voting center for the first time, said Scottie Jeanette Madden, a director of the transgender advocacy group FLUX.
To mark the occasion, the center planned for a DJ and gave out water and snacks, essentially turning the act of voting into a party.
“Our community has emotional boundaries, not geographic boundaries,” Madden said. “You can now come to a place that is safe and affirming and vote, which might not be your local polling place.”
For many years, California residents were assigned to vote at polling places based on their home addresses. The state now lets people cast ballots at any voting center in their county, paving the way for voting at Connie Norman, named for a late AIDS and LGBTQ+ rights activist.
DES MOINES, Iowa — For Democrats in Iowa, this year’s Super Tuesday is a break from five decades of tradition in how the state gets its say in helping determine the presidential nominee.
For 2024, the state party had to reapproach its caucuses. They’re the one-night spectacle in which community members publicly signal their support for a candidate.
This year, Iowa Democrats have quietly filled in the bubble for President Joe Biden or one of his long-shot competitors and slipped the forms into the mailbox. More than 19,000 ballots were requested, according to the party, and roughly 13,000 had been received as of Tuesday morning.
National Democrats reshuffled the primary calendar to prioritize more diverse states than Iowa. The change pushed Iowa from its leadoff position and back to Super Tuesday.
HOUSTON — Elections in recent years in Texas’ most populous county have drawn attention because of problems ranging from paper ballot shortages to malfunctioning machines to long lines.
But Harris County Clerk Teneshia Hudspeth, whose office is now in charge of elections, says that so far on Super Tuesday, things generally have gone smoothly in the area, with problems in just a few places.
Those problems have been dealt with, Hudspeth said, and she’s now taking her “first deep breath for the day knowing that voters are voting, our polls are working, and we’ve been able to address everything.”
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — “It’s time for a woman.”
That’s what Pam Hulstrand, 65, said as she cast her presidential primary ballot for Republican Nikki Haley in Eden Prairie, a Twin Cities suburb.
Haley, she said, is a new leader with experience and confidence.
But Hulstrand also said she’s prepared to vote for Republican front-runner Donald Trump in November if it comes to that. She said she voted for Joe Biden in 2020 but won’t do so again.
Hulstrand is holding out hope that Haley will win the nomination.
“The fact that she’s not giving up says a lot about her resiliency,” Hulstrand said.
Hulstrand, a minister, said she likes Haley’s stances on issues such as what’s taught in schools.
HOUSTON — When the Houston area’s top prosecutor went to vote Tuesday, she was told she already had done so.
It took a bit of work, but the hiccup was soon resolved, and Kim Ogg was able to vote in the primary, in which she is seeking a third term.
Ogg says she was told that when her partner cast a ballot during early voting last week, it was mistakenly cast in Ogg’s name.
A county clerk says the mistake was fixed and Ogg got the go-ahead to vote.
WASHINGTON — President Joe Biden spent much of the run-up to Super Tuesday preparing for that OTHER big political event of the week: his annual State of the Union address.
Biden has been holed up at Camp David, the presidential retreat outside Washington, with some of his closest aides and outside advisers, according to a person familiar with the preparations. The person was not authorized to publicly discuss the president’s private preparations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Among those with him: White House Chief of Staff Jeff Zients, Deputy Chief of Staff Bruce Reed, senior adviser Anita Dunn, speechwriting director Vinay Reddy, counselor Steve Ricchetti, and Mike Donilon, a veteran Biden aide who recently moved from the White House to the campaign. Also on hand was the presidential historian Jon Meacham, a Biden favorite.
Others are participating virtually, according to the person familiar with the preparations.
The president returns to the White House later Tuesday. The address is scheduled for Thursday.
— Associated Press writer Seung Min Kim
A technical issue caused widespread login issues for a few hours across Meta’s Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms Tuesday.
Andy Stone, Meta’s head communications, acknowledged the issues on X, formerly known as Twitter, and said the company “resolved the issue as quickly as possible for everyone who was impacted, and we apologize for any inconvenience.”
Users reported being locked out of their Facebook accounts and feeds on the platform as well as Threads and Instagram were not refreshing. WhatsApp, which is also owned by Meta, appeared unaffected.
A senior official with the U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency told reporters Tuesday that the agency was “not aware of any specific election nexus nor any specific malicious cyberactivity nexus to the outage.”
NEW YORK — Taylor Swift has not announced an endorsement in the 2024 presidential race. But the influential pop superstar is encouraging people to get out and vote.
In a post Tuesday on Instagram, Swift reminded her vast army of followers that the presidential primary is being held in Tennessee, where Swift lives, and elsewhere.
She wrote, “I wanted to remind you guys to vote the people who most represent YOU into power. If you haven’t already, make a plan to vote today.”
Swift endorsed Joe Biden for president in 2020 and backed Democratic candidates in Tennessee in 2018 after breaking her longstanding refusal to discuss her political views.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Arkansas Gov. Sarah Huckabee Sanders says she’s confident her former boss Donald Trump will win the Republican Party’s nomination and take back the White House in the November general election.
Sanders served as White House press secretary for the former president. She cast her ballot at a Little Rock community center Tuesday morning with her husband, Bryan Sanders.
She told reporters after casting her ballot, “This is a head-to-head matchup at this point between Joe Biden and Donald Trump, and he’s the clear favorite, has all the momentum, and I feel really good about him winning again in November.”
Sanders also says she wasn’t surprised by the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling Monday restoring Trump to primary ballots.
She said the fact that it was a 9-0 decision is “very telling” and added that “it should be a signal to stop trying to use our courts for political purposes.”
WASHINGTON — President Joe Biden hit the radio airwaves as he aims to shore up his standing among Black voters, a critical constituency for Democrats in the November general election.
In a radio interview that aired on Super Tuesday morning with Ms. Jessica, a radio personality in North Carolina, Biden promoted his achievements for Black voters, such as increased funding for historically Black colleges and universities and key investments in infrastructure to benefit Black communities.
In another radio interview, with “DeDe in the Morning,” Biden took a sharp jab at his likely Republican opponent, Donald Trump, and what would happen if Democrats lose the White House.
“You’re going to be back with Donald Trump,” says Biden. “The way he talks about, the way he acted, the way he has dealt with the African American community, I think, has been shameful.”
AUSTIN, Texas — Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton isn’t on the ballot on Super Tuesday but is urging voters to oust fellow Republicans who voted to impeach him.
Paxton is out for political revenge six months after his acquittal in the state Senate over corruption and abuse of office allegations.
His targets include the powerful Republican Texas House Speaker Dade Phelan, who oversaw the vote that made Paxton only the third sitting official in the state’s nearly 200-year history to have been impeached.
Paxton wants to overthrow the leadership of the House. His efforts are being widely watched as an attempt to push one of the most conservative legislatures in the U.S. even further to the right.
But he faces legal risks. Paxton is scheduled to stand trial in Houston next month on nearly decade-old securities fraud charges and remains under FBI investigation over allegations that he abused his office.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group