By 

	Ethan Millman


Ice Spice has finished recording her debut album Y2K, the rapper announced on social media Tuesday. 

	Ice Spice first confirmed the title of the upcoming project earlier this year, a week after dropping the single “Think U the Shit (Fart)” in January. Rolling Stone called the upcoming record one of the most-anticipated rap albums of 2024. It follows her debut EP Like..?, which featured several hits including “Deli,” and “Much.” 
i finished recording y2k the album ^.^ pic.twitter.com/fm9imeHjUg

	“It’s almost finished. I’m really excited, I have a crazy collaboration that just got locked in two days ago,” Ice Spice told the Today show of the upcoming album in January. As of now, a release date for the project still hasn’t been confirmed.

Y2K looks to build on a massive 2023 for the young rapper, who leveraged TikTok virality to become one of the biggest breakout stars of the year.  She first broke out with “Munch” in 2022, telling Rolling Stone at the time that the song “was bringing the fun” out of New York’s drill scene. “It was a little serious before, a little violent sometimes, which is cool. I be bumping that rah-rah shit all day. But ‘Munch’ definitely brought out the zesty side of it. I want everybody to feel like a baddie,” she said.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	








	She earned four Grammy nominations at the 66th Grammy Awards, including one for Best New Artist, Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for her “Karma Collaboration with Taylor Swift” and Best Rap Song and Best Song Written for Visual Media for “Barbie World” with Nicki Minaj.

Rolling Stone called Ice Spice’s collab with PinkPantheress “Boy’s a Liar, Pt. 2,” the second-best song of 2023, behind only Eslabon Armado and Peso Pluma’s “Ella Baila Sola.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.