(Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
President Joe Biden is pushing his aides to let him be himself ahead of the 2024 election, staffers and people close to the president told The New York Times (NYT).
As Biden battles concerns about his age, the president and those around him are considering a new strategy that would involve letting “Joe be Joe” and interact with the American people more frequently, according to The NYT. As a part of the strategy, the White House has worked on getting Biden outside of Washington, D.C., to participate in one-on-one experiences with voters and to engage on social media, The NYT reported. (RELATED: Biden Campaign Reportedly Has Taylor Swift Endorsement At The Top Of Their Wishlist)
“I have been saying for several months to the campaign, ‘Please, let him be Joe Biden,’ and so have many others,” Democratic Delaware Sen. Chris Coons told the outlet.
In a February social media clip, Biden reacted to a video of former President Donald Trump comparing himself to late Russian opposition leader Aleksei Navalny. Rob Flaherty, a top advisor to the president, told The NYT that Biden came up with the idea for the video himself.
“That came from his brain,” Flaherty told the outlet.
“He’s got more demands than I am sometimes prepared to keep up with,” Flaherty said, adding that Biden even rewrites his own tweets and occasionally ad-libs in videos.
While the White House maintains that the effort to get Biden outside of the city is for the purpose of connecting with voters rather than quelling concerns of his age, the president is expected to address worries about his fitness for office during his State of the Union address Thursday, aides told The NYT. The president will draw on his age to highlight his experience and achievements throughout his political career, aides told the outlet.
Supporters of President Joe Biden attend a ‘First In The Nation’ rally on January 30, 2024 in Bluffton, South Carolina. South Carolina continues preparations ahead of the next Primary election on February 3. (Photo by Brandon Bell/Getty Images)
In an increased effort to get Biden in front of the American people, especially younger crowds, social media “content creators” have been scheduled to meet the president at campaign stops, The NYT reported.
“We have always known that the most effective way to reach the American people is when they can hear President Biden make his case directly and authentically,” Andrew Bates, a White House spokesman, told The NYT.
Throughout his administration, Biden has relied on social media, rather than traditional press conferences, according to The Washington Post.
In his fourth year in office, Biden is averaging about 11 press conferences a year as of Jan. 20, according to data compiled by the University of California at Santa Barbara’s American Presidency Project. His average is the lowest since former President Ronald Reagan, who averaged 5.8 press conferences per year while in office between 1981 to 1989.
“I think it’s more than coincidental that you have these two presidents with an aging factor. And I don’t mean to say that he’s non compos mentis and he’s going down. I’m not saying that at all. I’m just saying I do think it’s more than coincidental that oftentimes as these presidents get older, they want to do these kinds of pressers less. Prior to that would be the third and most elderly president was Eisenhower, who was well known for having trouble with his syntax,” historian Barbara Perry, co-chair of the Presidential Oral History Program at the University of Virginia’s Miller Center, previously told the Daily Caller.
“I just think that’s part and parcel of what happens when you have older presidents, that to be on the hair trigger and be able to respond immediately to let’s face it, and I think this is the role of the press is to press and ask pressing questions instead, sometimes may even be hostile or at the very least, be pointed, and ask presidents to explain what they’re doing and why they’re doing things and to be controversial,” Perry continued.
Follow Reagan on Twitter
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP