These scammers are gonna be on the receiving end of some bad “Karma.” 
Several die-hard Taylor Swift fans have been reportedly scammed out of hundreds of dollars after tricksters released advertisements employing AI-generated video of the Grammy winner peddling Le Creuset in an attempt to steal money and data from fans. 
The ads — which can be found across all social media platforms — show Swift, 34, standing next to the Le Creuset Dutch oven, which, according to the official website, runs anywhere from $180 to $750 depending on the size and style. 
According to a report by the New York Times, the fake Swift tells fans that she is “thrilled” to be giving away free sets of the expensive cookware, but only if they click on a link and answer a few questions. 
The report reveals that several participants were sent to what seemed like legitimate websites populated with several fake reviews and coverage. 
The website then asks hopeful buyers to fork over a “small shipping fee of $9.96.” Buyers are then unknowingly hit with recurring charges without ever actually receiving the pot. 
“These tools are becoming very accessible these days,” computer science professor Siwei Lyu told the Times of the computer-rendered Swift video. “It’s becoming very easy, and that’s why we’re seeing more.” 
According to Lyu, the ad copy was likely derived from a text-to-speech platform.
While Swift has spoken about her love for the brand, which sells top-of-the-line cookware of basics such as round Dutch ovens, a demi teakettle and cast iron skillets, the “Red” songstress has never officially endorsed Le Creuset.
Swift is the latest of several celebrities to be impersonated by AI. 
Last month, the voice-cloning startup Respeecher managed to re-create the voice of Hollywood legend Jimmy Stewart by employing a voice actor to mimic the late actor’s style of speech.
The voice of Stewart, who gained notoriety for films such as “It’s a Wonderful Life” and “Rear Window,” appears on the app in a premium story called “It’s a Wonderful Sleep Story,” billed as a “heartwarming new holiday tale” on the Calm app. 
The Post also previously reported that Scarlett Johansson and Tom Hanks have fallen victim to AI voice-cloning without their permission.
Johansson officially took legal action in November after an artificial intelligence app called Lisa AI: 90s Yearbook & Avatar used the actress’ face and voice in an advertisement.
“We do not take these things lightly. Per our usual course of action in these circumstances, we will deal with it with all legal remedies that we will have,” the “Avengers” star’s’ attorney told Variety at the time.
Hanks took to his Instagram in October to warn fans that he was not peddling a dental plan when a video using his likeness emerged. 
“Beware!!” Hanks, 67, wrote beneath a photo of his lookalike. “There’s a video out there promoting some dental plan with an AI version of me.”
“I have nothing to do with it,” the “Forrest Gump” star added.
Advertisement