Music legend Elvis Presley was known for his fascination with UFOs, often sharing his experiences with his assistant Larry Geller and, in the years since the King's passing Larry has revealed the full extent of his wild interest in extraterrestrial life.
He wasn't surprised by Elvis' stories as he had also witnessed strange objects in the sky while they were in the desert and at Graceland, which they believed to be UFOs.
Larry recalled a story about Elvis' birth, where a strange blue light filled the sky. "His father told us he'd gone out to have a cigarette at 2am during the delivery, and when he looked up into the skies above their little shack, he saw the strangest blue light. He knew right then and there that something special was happening."
Elvis even claimed that a UFO hovered above his childhood home. He shared with Larry that he had a telepathic connection with an alien when he was just eight years old, and even received a vision of his future as a stage performer in a white jumpsuit.
The musician's encounter with extraterrestrial life shaped his beliefs, even though he did not understand it as a child. He once shared with his friend, Wanda June Hill: "I am not of this world.", reports the Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift coughs and struggles to sing during gig as fans share concern for singer
As per the Metro West Daily News, Elvis used to carry around 350 books about UFOs, trying to solve the mysteries of existence. His keenness on the topic reached such heights that his manager considered it as a distraction and burned all his books, putting an end to his learning.
There are people who think that the bright light that filled their house when he was born profoundly affected the lyricist. Evidence exists in the number of songs he wrote with 'blue' in their title - G.I. Blues, Blue Hawaii, Blue Christmas, and more.
In a spooky twist, it was Blue Eyes Cryin' in the Rain playing just before his death.
A multitude of alleged interactions with aliens have led fans to identify the star with the cosmos closely. This has resulted in different merchandise honouring Elvis' interest, like badges from Across the Puddle.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated