Taylor Swift arrives at the 66th annual Grammy Awards on Feb. 4, 2024, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
It’s an eerie coincidence, considering the global megastar announced that her forthcoming album will be called, “The Tortured Poets Department.”
The company Ancestry, which helps people trace their genealogy, has found evidence that Taylor Swift is distantly related to the legendary American poet Emily Dickinson.
The two are sixth cousins, three times removed, Today exclusively reported.
“Swift and Dickinson both descend from a 17th-century English immigrant (Swift’s 9th great-grandfather and Dickinson’s 6th great-grandfather who was an early settler of Windsor, Connecticut),” Ancestry told Today.
“Taylor Swift’s ancestors remained in Connecticut for six generations until her part of the family eventually settled in northwestern Pennsylvania, where they married into the Swift family line.”
The company also announced the huge news on its Instagram platform.
“We need to calm down…but how can we when we have BIG news!?” the post reads. “Renowned American poets Taylor Swift and Emily Dickinson are 6th cousins, three times removed.”
While some might find the news interesting, others might find this plot twist coincidentally eerie, because the “Just Say Yes” singer previously referenced Dickinson while describing her lyrics.
“If my lyrics sound like a letter written by Emily Dickinson’s great-grandmother while sewing a lace curtain, that’s me writing in the Quill genre,” she said in 2022 when she received the Songwriter-Artist of the Decade Award from the Nashville Songwriters Association International.
But there are even stranger coincidences.
Fans have gone digging further back into their Swifty archives and seemingly believe that the “Wildest Dreams” star’s ninth album, “Evermore” was inspired by Dickinson.
For one thing, she announced the album’s release on Dec. 10, 2020, which was the famed poet’s birthday. Dickinson also once wrote a poem called, “One Sister Have I in Our House,” featuring the word “forevermore.”
Before Swift announced “Evermore” and its release, she talked about the cover of her album “Folklore” to Entertainment Weekly, telling the outlet of her idea for “this girl sleepwalking through the forest in a nightgown in 1830.”
Dickenson was born in 1830.
The famed poet died on May 15, 1886, and is known for such poems as “Because I could not stop for Death” and “‘Hope’ is the thing with feathers.”
Much like her famous cousin, Dickinson once wrote about fame in her poem called, “Success is counted Sweetest.”
“Success is counted sweetest / By those who ne’er succeed / To comprehend a nectar / Requires sorest need,” Dickinson wrote.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices