Are they ready for it?
Taylor Swift urged her over 280 million Instagram followers to hit the polls as voters in 15 US states and one territory gear up for Super Tuesday — but stopped short of any partisan statement.
“I wanted to remind you guys to vote the people who most represent YOU into power. If you haven’t already, make a plan to vote today,” Swift – who is currently on the six-day Singapore leg of her Eras Tour – wrote in an Instagram Story.
 “Whether you’re in Tennessee or somewhere else in the US, check your polling places and times at vote.org.”
Though the “Anti-Hero” songstress is originally from Pennsylvania and owns a pricey portfolio of properties across the US, she spends a good chunk of her time stateside at her estate outside Nashville.
Swift endorsed Joe Biden for the 2020 presidential election, but has yet to announce a preferred candidate for November.
When late-night host Seth Myers ribbed Biden about getting the Grammy Album of the Year honoree’s support last week, the commander-in-chief joked that any endorsement was “classified.”
Swift has become more outspoken on politics in recent years – including in a clip from the 2020 documentary “Miss Americana” in which she spoke out against Donald Trump.
In May 2020, the country darling-turned-pop sensation directly accused Trump of “stoking the fires of white supremacy and racism your entire presidency.”
In the run-up to her boyfriend Travis Kelce’s showing at the 2024 Super Bowl, ultra-conservatives on social media even debated whether Swift and Kelce’s romance was planted by the left-wing media to drum up support for the Biden’s White House.
“She’s endorsing Biden. It’s rigged. You’re the pawn,” Trump drone Mike Crispi posted on X ahead of the big game.
Trump himself, however, has warned Swift that there is will be even more bad blood between them if she is “disloyal” and endorses Biden – claiming that he made her “so much money” by passing legislation that ensured fairer pay for artists.
Advertisement