Taylor Swift's homemade Pop-Tarts are causing quite a buzz. Pop-Tarts is now asking the Grammy winner to "release the recipe." During the NFL Scouting Combine, Kansas City Chiefs coach Andy Reid revealed that the singer made homemade pop tarts for the offensive linemen. He also said that he didn't get one for himself.
"She likes to cook, so she made the offensive linemen these homemade pop tarts," Reid said during an interview with Mike Florio and Chris Simms at the NFL Scouting Combine. "... She didn't give me one, and the offensive linemen definitely didn't give me one."
Now Pop-Tarts is asking Swift to "release the recipe." The snack brand shared on Instagram an image recreating the singer's Eras Tour poster with the caption, "To KC’s most famous fan, we heard there's a Pop-Tarts pastry (Your Version) and in its honor, we're donating to @harvesters, a local Feeding America partner food bank," it said. "But if you #releasetherecipe, we'll double our donation."

A post shared by

The Feeding America partner, Harvesters that Pop-Tarts offered to donate to, commented on the brand’s message, writing, "We can't thank you enough! We all want to know her recipe too…"
Of course, Swifties are just as eager for the recipe. Many people tagged Swift's Instagram account in the comments hoping she saw the request. Some people even voiced their appreciation for Pop-Tarts’ call to action and suggested other Taylor-inspired products.
"I think Pop Tarts wins the internet today," one Instagram user wrote. "I didn't know I need Pop Tarts (Taylor's version) best mash up."
"We need a Lavender Haze version," one person suggested.
Interestingly, Swift has been an avid baker for years. Remember her hand-written cookie recipe that went viral on her Tumblr account over 10 years ago?
In December 2023, former Cleveland Browns quarterback Bernie Kosar also confirmed the singer’s love for baking during an interview.
"We're having pregame meal and Taylor is so nice, she comes in by herself and she's so cool. She made her homemade cinnamon rolls for Travis for pregame meal," said Kosar. "I'm a juicer right now trying to be vegan and gluten-free, but I absolutely had to sample some of that cinnamon roll on game day."

A post shared by

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!