President Donald Trump has sought to extract concessions and changes from Harvard and other schools by threatening to withhold federal research grants.
The president said public funding of the media networks was “outdated and unnecessary but corrosive to the appearance of journalistic independence.”
President Donald Trump released a 40-page budget proposal including a mix of cuts to domestic programs.
The opposition Liberals were poised to return to power before Trump’s inauguration, but have lost support among voters worried about how their government will handle him.
The development could potentially pave the way for the world’s two largest economies to start negotiations to resolve a trade war that has rumbled financial markets.
The U.S. Forest Service is evicting dozens of homeless people who have been living in a national forest in central Oregon for years so that it can start a wildfire prevention project.  
The FAA is rolling out financial incentives for air traffic controllers to boost recruitment and retention efforts amid a workforce shortage.
If the FDA deems Pfizer’s and Moderna’s updated vaccines “new” products, it’s extremely unlikely the doses would be ready for the fall, vaccine experts say.
President Donald Trump’s massive China tariffs are jeopardizing American fireworks shows, threatening to drive up prices and limit supplies.
Demonstrators held May Day rallies to call for fair wages, access to health care benefits and social justice. News4’s Juliana Valencia reports.
For the last 14 years, when it rains in Lowndes County, Alabama, contaminated standing water builds up around Annye Burke’s home. When the septic tank breaks down, raw sewage backs up into her toilet, she said.
Senior members of Harvard University’s faculty are pledging to donate a portion of their pay to the school as it opposes the Trump administration.
A former federal employee who was fired, rehired after a judge’s order and then fired a second time says her health insurance coverage was canceled and backdated after she had surgery, leaving her with the bill.
President Donald Trump said Thursday that he would nominate national security adviser Mike Waltz to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.
Trump said he’s nominating national security adviser Mike Waltz, who was at the center of the Signal chat controversy, to be United Nations ambassador.