Published 1:06 pm Thursday, March 7, 2024

By Staff reports

VALDOSTA — Dewar Elementary School fifth-grade students brought history to life in their inaugural wax museum, dubbed “The Eras Tour,” inspired by Taylor Swift’s world tour.
Showcasing their diligent research and creativity, each student portrayed a significant historical figure learned from fifth-grade social studies standards, the school said in a press release. Under the guidance of their teachers, students delved into the lives of renowned figures, ranging from influential leaders to cultural icons.
“The immersive presentation was a fantastic display of integrating social studies, reading, and elements of a drama,” said teacher Carolyn Daniels. The chosen figures’ stories were blended seamlessly with the assistance of the enigmatic “Madam T-Sussaud,” played by Daniels.
Lucy Gerrald played Elizabeth Staton, a well-known female activist. Her character was part of the “Wonderful Women” era.
“I didn’t know anything about Elizabeth Staton before this project,” Gerrald said. “Dressing up as her and giving the presentation helped me learn more because I actually got to interact as if I were her. I learned a lot more doing this than if I just read a book about her and the other historical figures my friends played.”
The event not only educated peers but also engaged students from other grade levels and their parents. Visitors to the museum were treated to a captivating experience, as wax figures animatedly recounted their identities and contributions to American history.
“This has been such a fun way for our students to reinforce what they have learned,” said fifth-grade teacher Amanda Hanson. “I’m sure it is something they will always remember.”
Through this immersive learning experience, Dewar Elementary students gained a deeper understanding of history while honing essential communication and presentation skills, the school said.
“As the school continues to prioritize innovative learning experiences, ‘The Eras Tour’ exemplifies the power of education to spark curiosity and foster connections with the past,” the press release concluded.