Chow Yum, 2363 Hollydale Ave., Baton Rouge, rolled out 'Buku Noods,' a dish made with chilled soba noodles, smokey peanut sauce, shrimp, crispy nem nuong (grilled pork sausage), edamame, cucumber, crushed peanuts and scallions. 
Food adds so much to the equation of living well. It can be all the things — luxurious, cheap, communal, intimate, simple and complex. In Baton Rouge, the culinary scene ranges the complete spectrum of senses.
This weekly space brings you insider foodie news, helpful tips and details of food/wine events for all of your bon vivant aspirations.
Chow Yum, 2363 Hollydale Ave., Baton Rouge, rolled out "Buku Noods," a dish made with chilled soba, smokey peanut sauce, shrimp, crispy nem nuong (grilled pork sausage), edamame, cucumber, crushed peanuts and scallions. 
The cubano is back at Solera this month at 4205 Perkins Road, Baton Rouge. The sandwich is made with slow roasted pork, sliced honey ham, melted tetilla cheese, Dijon mustard aioli and pickles. 
Cocha, 445 N. 6th St., Baton Rouge, has a few new cocktails on the menu, including the "Black Magic Woman" with Botanica Barrel Aged Gin, black garlic-infused vermouth and Pierre Ferrand Dry Curaçao. 
Cocha, 445 N. 6th St., Baton Rouge, has a few new cocktails on the menu, including the 'Black Magic Woman' with Botanica Barrel Aged Gin, black garlic-infused vermouth and Pierre Ferrand Dry Curaçao. 
There are new menu specials at Modesto, 3930 Burbank Drive, Baton Rouge, including lamb chop plancha, an Earl Grey tea cocktail, Puebla chicken mole enchiladas and more. 
Bldg 5, 2805 Kalurah St., Baton Rouge, is now selling artisan lemonades in flavors like pear basil jalapeño and peach pineapple mint in the restaurant and at these retailers: 
Gumbo cookoff: 5 p.m. Sunday, Jan. 7, at Zoar Baptist Church, 11848 Hooper Road, Central 
Put your gumbo to the test to support Zoar Baptist Church's kids camp. Jerry Lee, of Jerry Lee's Cajun Foods; Joe Romero, of Romero's Food Mart; and John Reason, of Chef J.P. Outdoors, will be judging. There is a $5 entry fee, and signup is at zoarbaptist.shelbynextchms.com. 
Taylor Swift trivia series: 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 10, Tap 65, 515 Mouton St., Baton Rouge 
Test your knowledge and love for all things Taylor Swift every Wednesday in January at Tap 65. AK Swifties and Queens of Louisiana will roll through the eras with trivia, Swift-themed cocktails and more. 
Local Pop-Up Market: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 27, Electric Depot, 1509 Government St., Baton Rouge 
Join local makers and food vendors for the first Local Pop-Up Market of 2024 at Electric Depot.
January cooking experience: 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 9, at Ruffino's, 18811 Highland Road, Baton Rouge 
Enjoy an evening at Ruffino's for the January cooking experience, "Rebirth: New Orleans Jazz," with a five-course meal, wine pairings and step-by-step instructions from the chefs. Get a front-row seat to watch as the dishes are prepared in front of you. 
Tickets are $150 per person, available for purchase at ruffinosrestaurant.com. 
Knife Skills: noon to 2 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 10, at Red Stick Spice Company, 660 Jefferson Highway, Baton Rouge 
Join the Red Stick Spice Co. staff in the kitchen to learn about proficient and safe cutting, chopping, dicing and slicing — plus specific nuances like the different between mince and chiffonade. The class ends in a full meal. 
Tickets are $105 per person, available for purchase at redstickspice.com. 
Email Lauren Cheramie at lauren.cheramie@theadvocate.com or follow her on Twitter, @LCheramie_.
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: