The first leg of the Triple Crown will kick off with several undercard races throughout the afternoon, followed by the main event at 6:57 p.m. ET.
Amid feud rumors between “The White Lotus’” Walton Goggins and Aimee Lou Wood, the “Predators” star promptly ended an interview when asked about the topic. 
Kelsey Grammer detailed his sister Karen Grammer’s final moments before her tragic death, nearly 50 years after the 18-year-old was raped and stabbed to death in Colorado.
Dolly Parton shared how her life has changed since the death of her husband Carl Dean, one month after her partner of more than 60 years passed away.
She came to fame while starring in the NBC variety show “Rowan & Martin’s Laugh-In” in the late 1960s.
Kyle Richards’ daughter Sophia Umansky detailed the unexpected side effects that surfaced four months after she started taking the weight-loss drug Mounjaro.
“Floribama Shore” star Kirk Medas has been hospitalized for two weeks with a “severe case of necrotizing pancreatitis.”
The premise of a new Disney musical at Walt Disney World that has some people wondering when did Disney’s villains stop wanting to be so villainous?
“We’re a true crime family.”
Jill Sobule, the award-winning singer-songwriter with the gay-themed song “I Kissed a Girl,” died in a house fire Thursday. She was 66.
On Monday, the city and Smollett advised the court that they have settled, “but need more time to finalize documentation.”
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori are accusing a Beverly Hills dentist of getting him addicted to nitrous oxide, alleging malpractice through supplying the rapper with “surgical-size” gas tanks.
Kelly Stafford defended Jordon Hudson after she faced criticism for interjecting during boyfriend Bill Belichick’s recent interview with CBS Sunday Morning.
Some consoles are going up by as much as $100.
DallasNews.com/Food writer Sarah Blaskovich dishes on the opening of Burger Schmurger in East Dallas, a grease fire at Del’s Charcoal Burgers, the Gas Monkey Icehouse opening in The Colony and Tatsu, Dallas’s only Michelin-starred restaurant, is growing.
Vogue’s Anna Wintour revealed just how much influence she actually has when it comes to what celebrity attendees wear to the annual Met Gala and teased several of the 2025 co-chairs’ looks.
Dandyism embodies liberation and resistance through exuberant self-expression. The movement will be at the center of the 2025 Met Gala.
After Hoda Kotb bid farewell to ‘Today’ following a nearly 17-year career, Savannah Guthrie revealed that her former cohost will be back for a bit.