Start spreading the news: The “Sinatra House” is once again up for sale. 
Along the boardwalk in New Jersey’s Point Pleasant Beach, a palatial bungalow is looking for a new owner — perhaps one who will continue its legacy of playing Frank Sinatra tunes from sunrise to sunset for beachcombers during the warmer months. 
James Ward of Keller Williams Ocean Living holds the $2.9 million listing.
This house was never owned by Ol’ Blue Eyes himself, although he was a native of Hoboken. It was instead built for longtime Sony Music distribution chairman and diehard Sinatra fan Paul R. Smith, who shared his love for the crooner by faithfully blasting him from the property’s four porch speakers from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. all summer long, NJ.com reported.
The late Smith commissioned the eight-bedroom, four-bathroom waterfront abode back in 1987, lived there full time after he retired in 1999 — and his extended family would often spend the entirety of the summer season there. 
“It was always great when we were sitting there on the porch and different generations of people would walk by and stop and dance,” Smith’s daughter, Susan Stinneford, told the outlet. “They would always say what great music it was. It didn’t matter if they were old or young.”
Smith passed away in 2002, and his children have been attempting to sell the 3,600-plus-square-foot home since September 2022, when it listed for $4.4 million. 
It subsequently was removed from the market, before relisting in April 2023 for $3.3 million, and then again being removed from the market this past August. 
In addition to being a beloved local landmark, the address also features parking for more than 10 cars, a finished basement, an open format living room, a dining room, a kitchen and a wraparound porch. 
While the new owner is welcome to do the music their way — Ward got a call from one “prospective buyer musing about making it the Taylor Swift house” — many would like to see the Sinatra-playing legacy continue. 
“We aren’t going to put that into the contract but the pressure to keep the music playing will be significant!” said Ward.
Advertisement