Ben Thomas copy editor 
If you are like many in the wide consumer demographic that regularly kept up with the Marvel Cinematic Universe, you most likely dropped off at Avengers: Endgame or shortly after. Endgame was this huge undertaking of a movie; with over 10 years of content built into it. You had 21 films with over 60 actors, all leading up to one of the biggest movie crossover events in history. And it became one of the highest grossing movies of all time. But that was not the finish line for this franchise. So why has Marvel, once a symbol of excellent quality and solid storytelling, now become synonymous with being lazy and underwhelming?  
The biggest culprit of this phenomenon is the introduction of the Marvel TV shows on Disney+. With the inclusion of what seems to be like double or triple the content, keeping up with all of it practically feels like a chore. Before streaming, we would get two or three movies spread across a year. Now we get those movies, plus the same number of shows. The sheer amount of content to keep up with is too much for the average consumer to care about.  
Now we get to what is the biggest issue on Marvel’s plate: quality. The quality of Marvel’s cinematic works has been all over the place. Previously, we had visual spectacles of things like Dr Strange or the Guardians of the Galaxy movies. The CGI and storytelling in works like those were well done and compelling. But the same quality in works like Ant Man: Quantumania or Secret Wars are vastly lesser-than.  
So, what is the product? Brand dilution. When you continue to over produce content, you lessen the chance that the public is going to keep up with you. And when that content is of low quality, they are going to expect less and less of you, until they just stop watching entirely.  
Disney itself is experiencing this in multiple areas too, not just Marvel. Their animation wings have been hit by this effect too. Lightyear and Turning Red got lots of bad reviews, while nobody at all went to see Strange World. The latest Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies have felt like obvious, soulless cash grabs to everyone. Pumping out bad movie after bad movie just because you have a recognizable brand does not work anymore. Consumers and fans are not stupid.  
And this phenomenon can touch every corner of pop-culture from music to video games as well. For as big as Taylor Swift is right now, I would predict that with the pace she is releasing album after album, people will eventually become too inundated with her content. This also means that companies will need to step up the quality of their content, instead of leaning on the brand name like a crutch. For example, the recent success of the Pokémon-like video game Palworld will be a wakeup call for Pokémon themselves if they want fans to keep coming back. Pop-culture icons need to become popular once again.  
©
							2025							The Collegio


Powered by WordPress.com.
						
Subscribe now to keep reading and get access to the full archive.


								Type your email…							
 








 
								Subscribe							

Continue reading