Hedge fund titan Ray Dalio got roasted on social media after the controversial billionaire posted a selfie from Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour in Singapore, where he gushingly endorsed the superstar for president.
“@taylorswift13 for President!” the 74-year-old Bridgewater Associates founder posted to X on Thursday.
“I just saw her at her concert in Singapore and realized that she can bring together Americans and people in most countries much better than either of the candidates, and that bringing people together is the most important thing,” Dalio added.
Dalio’s post was a far cry from the buttoned-up executive with a notoriously sharp-elbowed management style Wall Street knows him for — and spurred questions on social media as to whether he was having a little too much fun at Swift’s popular three-hour show.
“Who slipped ray the molly,” X user TikTok Investors asked, while another said: “I remember my first time getting lit in Singapore.”
Coinbase staffer Will Reynoir quipped that the selfie — which had garnered more than 600,000 views in the three hours since it was posted — looked like “every parent using a smart phone for the first time.”
Representatives for Dalio at Bridgewater did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment.
Dalio’s lengthy affirmation of Swift was accompanied by a super up-close selfie of himself at the show, washed in pink lighting, where the songstress can be seen strumming her guitar in the background.
Dalio continued in his heartfelt caption: “Watching this concert with people from all over the world made me and them feel good and connected and reminded me how powerful that universal culture is.”
“Wouldn’t it be great if we had two candidates who could lead that culture and make smart leadership decisions too?” he said in another jab at 2024 presidential frontrunners, Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Joe Biden.
“Are you ok?” yet another user asked in response, while another chimed in: “Bro is so drunk ahaha.”
“Bro I just finished reading your book, this ain’t you,” yet another wrote on X, referring to Dalio’s book, “Principles,” a 600-page tome on business management, which preaches “radical truth” and “radical transparency.”
The book has reportedly sold well since it was first published in 2017 — despite criticisms of the author’s own management style.
Dalio’s conduct was exposed in an explosive tell-all biography released in November, dubbed “The Fund: Ray Dalio, Bridgewater Associates, and the Unraveling of a Wall Street Legend.”
In “The Fund,” one particularly amusing narrative about Dalio was what became known internally as the “piss case,” when Dalio reportedly once fumed that “there’s piss on the floor” in the men’s bathroom at Bridgewater’s Westport, Conn., headquarters.
The puddle escalated into a full-blown investigation led by none other than Dalio, who infamously conducts himself with “radical transparency” — beginning with summoning the hedge fund’s head of facilities for questioning about the puddle of urine, per the book.
Staffers were then assigned to guard the restroom, standing outside and making notes of who entered and how clean the floors were when they left, with a member of the cleaning crew on standby to mop up the floor.
Dalio — whose net worth was pegged by Forbes at $15.4 billion — has shrugged the biography off as “fiction, created as fact.”
Advertisement