A Taylor Swift lookalike claims she can't go anywhere without being approached in the street by fans doing a "double-take" - confusing her for the singer. June Baker, 36, resembles the global superstar due to her tall and slender frame, signature blonde wavy locks and iconic red lip.
She has even turned her incredible likeness into a career as a Taylor Swift impersonator - attending birthday parties, weddings, and photoshoots. She says she’s been more in demand than ever, thanks to the singer’s successful Eras tour.
Self-confessed "Swiftie" June, from Boston, Massachusetts, US, said: "I'm definitely a long-time Taylor Swift fan. I’ve actually only been to two shows, but I’ve collected bits of merch throughout the years – CDs, T-shirts, clothing items and collectibles like jewellery.
“It's an honour to be compared to her – who wouldn’t want to look like Taylor? She’s beautiful - it’s such a compliment.” June is often mistaken for Taylor Swift when she’s out and about. She’s been dubbed Taylor Swift’s “Medieval Twin” by the fantasy community after an experience she had at a Medieval Faire in Knoxville, Tennessee.
She said: “I was there visiting a good friend I met on TikTok. There was a whole group of us dressed up and we went to dinner after the faire ended, still in costume. A couple of girls came up to me a few minutes after we were seated and confessed one of them was convinced I was Taylor - perhaps after shooting a music video or something.
Read more: Sign up to Mirror US's SMS updates for the latest straight from the newsroom
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
“She confessed she was tearing up and shaken at the idea I might be her and she was so darling and sweet about it. I've been getting it a lot in the last year or so because I think she’s just been everywhere and so people are very quick to recognise.
"She's a huge superstar – it’s a whole new level of success." June says her favourite Taylor Swift tracks are Willow, Wonderland, and the lakes – "anything where she touches on mystical, magical things and escapism".
June claims she’s never tried to go out in public and trick people and tries to act with the utmost integrity as she knows how much Taylor cares about her relationship with her fans. She says people started to notice the resemblance between her and Taylor Swift on Instagram and TikTok - with viewers shocked at just how similar the pair looked.
She decided to capitalise on their stark similarities by starting a business venture as a professional lookalike. She said: "I do have to be prepared at times to jump on a FaceTime with a potential client who wants to see me before they invest in me coming out there to do a birthday party or something like that.
"The things about Taylor I love, like the way she’ll do her hair or make-up, are things I think any of us might emulate, you know, she’s such an icon. But it’s not been this huge transformation. I’ve had bangs on and off since I was little and I’ve always danced, done pageants and played around with hair and make-up.”
June started working as an impersonator after she was encouraged online by a Britney Spears impersonator, Allegra DuVal, 36. She then went to the Sunburst Convention in Orlando, Florida, US - a convention for celebrity lookalikes.
She said: “I sang 'Look What You Made Me Do' in front of a bunch of agents. They asked for my business cards, and to keep in touch. “I took a little break from it all, and around the time I went to see the Eras Tour Movie, I thought 'I should get back into this'.
“The agent called me that night and asked if I would work. He said: 'I have so many requests coming through and I have nobody who is doing Taylor'. I’ve been doing a lot of meet and greets and photo ops. I’m also working with a vocal coach, to get more of a live tribute show going.”
June says she tries to balance her own creativity with the Taylor lookalike work, saying she wants people to see her for her own aesthetic also. No one’s ever trying to replace the artists that they’re emulating," she said.
"I think that’s another place where some of the hate or some of the negativity comes from as people just don’t understand. For me, it’s a celebration of who Taylor Swift is. I’m very much trying to emulate Taylor as a pop icon and not her personally. Hopefully, it just makes somebody’s event or day or wedding a little bit brighter and special.”
Do you have a story to share? Email paige.freshwater@reachplc.com.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.