Jelly Roll arrives at the Pre-Grammy Gala on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2024, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
Bunnie Xo, the wife of country music star Jelly Roll, has wanted to make a name for herself outside of her husband’s fame.
The model recently opened up about her retirement from the sex work industry and why she said it was the “best decision I ever made.”
Bunnie Xo, whose real name is Bunnie DeFord, first shared a Facebook post on Wednesday, March 6 announcing one year since she retired from the sex work industry.
In the post, Bunnie wrote, “I was so scared to let go of that part of my life and leave behind the money I was making — wasn’t sure how I’d make up that part of my business. But I had faith and let God have it and he made sure I made it back 10-fold.”
Apparently, that post caused some confusion among readers, who were under the impression that Bunnie was relying on her husband for money.
So to clear things up, Bunnie returned to Facebook later that same day with a more in-depth explanation as to why she left the sex work industry and how she’s been able to support herself.
“A lot of people seem to be confused as to how I just retired from SW last year because I’ve been married for seven years,” she wrote. “So here’s the answer.”
Bunnie said she has always worked and made money on her own, and never relied on Jelly Roll for income.
“He never once asked me to,” Bunnie wrote. “He knew how important it was to me to make my own money. But he did always say, ‘One day baby you won’t have to do this anymore.”'
Bunnie used her money from the sex work industry to start her own brand “Bunnie Xo” in 2018. The site sells merchandise, promotes Bunnie’s podcast “Dumb Blonde” and lets visitors subscribe to her Patreon. She said she built up her “entire brand from the ground up without help from anyone,” not even her husband.
The model then stopped seeing clients and “having sugar daddies” in 2020 to launch an OnlyFans, which made Bunnie “millions.”
“Finally in 2022, my business Bunnie Xo started making just as much money — if not more than my SW money,” she wrote. “So I couldn’t justify still having that part of my life when the new brand I created was thriving so much. I also didn’t want to be the only wife in the country music scene whose butthole was on the internet. But my husband never once asked me to give up anything in my life.”
Bunnie fully retired from the sex work industry in 2023 to fully focus on her own brand. To date, she has garnered 1.4 million followers on Instagram, 5.2 million on TikTok, 778,000 subscribers on YouTube.
And Bunnie wants people to know that she did it all on her own.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices