A popular Ninja blender is currently more than £20 off on Amazon as shoppers urge people to "unleash their inner chef" with this gadget.
The Ninja Blender is currently 21 percent off on Amazon - down from £99.99 to just £79, a total saving of £20.99. The Ninja website is also offering this blender at the same price of £79 - with even more deals being shared on their ever popular air fryers for as little as £99.
This blender has two programmes - Blend and Max Blend - and can be turned on for your fresh smoothie in the morning at just one touch of a button. The product description notes that the powerful 1000W technology shows this blender is "built to last and put to the test with 1,000 ice-curshing cycles".
One shopper - who titled their review 'Unleash Your Inner Chef' - wrote: "This Ninja Blender, like many Ninja products, is amazing. The main unit is nice and heavy, and doesn't take up much room.
"The small display at the front is nice and easy to read, and understand. You have Start/Stop - for manual blending, Blend, Pulse, and my favourite - Max Blend - which will auto blend your ingredients for around 70 seconds, and this really blends the ingredients which is especially good for tougher fruit/veg that might need that extra blending. Also good for those powder shakes that are slightly gritty.
They continued: "One minor issue, and might annoy some, is definitely the noise levels. This sounds like you are drilling into your walls, it's that loud. You get used to it. But that initial morning blending, if you're not quite fully awake at the time, you will definitely be awake after this thing starts up."
Another said: "As a passionate home cook and health-conscious individual, finding a reliable and versatile blender has been an ongoing quest for me. Recently, I discovered the Ninja Blender, and it has truly elevated my culinary adventures to new heights. With its exceptional performance, user-friendly design, and impressive versatility, this blender has become an essential tool in my kitchen, deserving nothing less than a 5-star rating."
If you're on the market for a new TV, you'll know it can be a fairly pricey purchase.
However, we have a deal that won't cost an arm and a leg, as the Hisense 4K UHD Smart TV is currently at its cheapest price on Amazon. It's currently on sale for £599 at Amazon, a 25 per cent discount from the usual £799 price tag.
According to price tracker camelcamelcamel, this is the lowest price ever offered for this TV. Launched last year, the Hisense U7N is said to deliver one billion shades of colour due to its Quantum Dot and Mini-LED technology.
This uses thousands of tiny LEDs to create dimming zones, offering superior control over brightness, contrast and colour compared to standard models. The TV also boasts Hisense's new Hi-View Engine Pro feature, which uses AI to upscale content for a higher quality image.
Its Dolby Atmos sound system is said to create an immersive experience by making it seem like sound is coming from all directions, whether you're watching films or playing games.
As well as countless films and series on streaming apps like Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+, the Hisense U7N also offers Freely, a new platform that provides live and on-demand TV from BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and more in one place.
It also comes with built-in Alexa voice control, allowing for hands-free operation of the TV.
Over 100 have been bought on Amazon in the last month, where it is an Amazon's Choice product - meaning it is highly-rated, well-priced, and available to ship immediately. If you don't want to miss the deal, buy it here.
And a third wrote: "Having been a late arrival to the whole "ninja" scene, I bought this as due to certain health conditions, i drink more than I eat. I've had a couple of cheap blenders before, they never seem to last long although they have been adequate for the job.
"This however, is in a different league! Yes It's noisy, but for the time it takes to pulverise anything you put in it, It's a small price to pay. It feels quality, heavy, sturdy construction, easy to operate and clean."
A fourth noted: "The motor is big and the blades are strong enough to chew through really tough veggies, and the cups (it comes with two) are a very generous size. I guess this may make them a tad difficult to clean if you have large hands, but you can always put some clean water in with a couple of drops of washing up liquid and give them a wuzz."
One person did note that the blender is loud: "The only complaint I have about this one is that it is so frekaing loud it's unbelievable. I dread turning it on. I may start wearing hearing protection near it. It's the loudest appliance in the house now.
"I would rather have a chainsaw cutting a tree next to me. My ears hurt just thinking about the noise level of this machine. Just be warned. It is loud!"
Check out this Ninja blender deal on Amazon now. Other electric blenders are available now, such as the Cooks Professional NutriBlend Smoothie Maker (£49.99) and the BELLA Personal Size Rocket Blender (£27.99).
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond. Sign up to our daily newsletter.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.