ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TORONTO, ONTARIO - SEPTEMBER 09: (NO COVERS) Taylor Swift attends 'In Conversation With... Taylor ... More Swift' during the 2022 Toronto International Film Festival at TIFF Bell Lightbox on September 09, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift has a new album coming in about a month, and that’s what her fans are largely focused on at the moment. While she may be gearing up to take over the world once more with what will certainly become another massive commercial win, she’s simultaneously teasing yet another project.
A new trailer was recently released for the docuseries The Dynasty: New England Patriots. The short clip doesn’t give too much away about the upcoming episodes of the currently-airing Apple TV+ show, but it does include a song that Swifties will know well—one which sounds ever so slightly different from how they already know it.
The The Dynasty: New England Patriots trailer is soundtracked by “Look What You Made Me Do (Taylor’s Version),” the slightly altered take on her hit of the same name. The tune can be heard as former Patriots player Danny Amendola discusses one of the team’s past controversies—but that’s surely not what Swifties are listening to when they watch.
The use of “Look What You Made Me Do (Taylor’s Version)” is another hint from Swift that the Taylor’s Version of her album Reputation is still on the way. Many fans expected her to announce the title recently, as she had given them other little clues, such as outfits she wore. Some predicted that she would announce the project’s release date at the Grammys last month.
Instead of revealing when the world would get to hear Reputation (Taylor’s Version), Swift announced something completely unexpected. While accepting the Best Pop Vocal Album trophy, the superstar instead dropped a bomb: a completely new album was on the way. She shared, much to the delight of everyone watching, that The Tortured Poets Department would arrive in April.
This isn’t the first time that Swift has previewed “Look What You Made Me Do (Taylor’s Version),” but that doesn’t make it any less thrilling for her followers. Last year, Amazon
AMZN
 used the re-recording in its limited series Wilderness. The world first heard the cut in the teaser for that program.
Swift has also let other tunes from the forthcoming Reputation (Taylor’s Version) be used for similar purposes. “Delicate (Taylor’s Version)” was heard in the trailer for another Amazon program, The Summer I Turned Pretty. The fact that a pair of tracks from the same unreleased album were used in Amazon projects in the same year suggested that the album was on its way, but perhaps plans changed because so far, no release date has been announced.