By JIMMY BRIGGS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  12:24, 7 March 2024   |  Updated:  06:03, 11 April 2024   
 1
View  comments
Veruca Salt revealed her next career move on Thursday, one month after the tragic death of her six-week-old son Cash.
The Gold Coast influencer, 25, hosted a Q+A session with her Instagram fans and shared the news after being asked what the future held for her.
'I'm going to start a podcast over the next few weeks, once I'm settled into my new house. I'll start working on my brand my baby gave me the idea for,' she began.
'I might write a book about my life or something. That will take me over a year.' 
She added she would have to be more active on her adult subscription sites to raise the revenue - and said by keeping herself busy she would take her mind off the tragic death of her son.
'I'm more active on my OF every day, working really hard on that. The distractions are very good for me,' she continued.
Salt, whose real name is Kimberley Summer Hartley, announced last month that her son Cash had tragically 'died in his sleep' and that she 'doesn't know happened'.
She has since kept her followers updated on her grieving process, including documenting her son's funeral. 
Several days after Cash's passing, Salt returned to TikTok with a tearful video announcing that she would be attending Taylor Swift's Eras Tour concert in Sydney. 
In her video, Salt said she was aware her decision to attend the show would spark criticism, but said she wanted to go because Swift's music gives her happy memories of her son.
Salt, who purchased tickets for Swift's show while she was still pregnant with Cash, explained: 'I knew that my baby would be a little over two-months-old when I was supposed to go to Taylor Swift. I'm still here. I still came. I'm in the hotel.'
'I just feel the need to make a video because I know that people are just going to be like "Oh, she's at Taylor Swift, it was her f***ing baby's funeral the other day",' she continued. 
She went on to reveal that Cash's funeral happened to take place on her birthday, and that she finally wanted to feel some joy. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group