by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

Taylor Swift has had a lot of highs, and a lot of lows the past year. While she’s named the Person of the Year for 2023, her romance with Travis Kelce has flourished, and she continually breaks records with her music. However, Swift has sadly faced not only a lot of criticism but a lot of dangerous people. Not only have stalkers been following her, and seen in front of her homes, and paparazzi that allegedly threatened her and her team. 

	










	Anybody would feel overwhelmed, and according to insiders at Life and Style Mag, it seems that she’s hit her “breaking point,” and Kelce has been a big help in remedying this.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Blake Lively Might Be Feuding With This Other A-Lister Amid Taylor Swift Rift Rumors		
	










	An insider revealed that Swift is having a hard time mentally and is allegedly hitting her limit. They said, “Taylor can handle a lot of things, but she’s currently at her breaking point. It’s just all too much.”

	So when she felt like this, she reportedly called Kelce, who made her feel calm and supported. “Taylor called Travis about her father, and he was so supportive,” the insider said. “He told her not to pay attention to the negative press and that her dad was only being protective. Taylor has a break coming up until May. She’s made plans to see Travis and, of course, rest and recharge.”



	We truly love how much support Swift is getting during this whirlwind time of her life, and we’re sure they’ll have the best time during her time off. 

	For those who don’t know, Kelce and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but they actually got together months prior and kept their romance private for quite a few months beforehand. 

	Swift talked about how she and Kelce were already a couple when she went to the first football game she appeared at for him. She said during her interview with Time’s 2023 Person of the Year: “So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other. By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard-launch a first date.”
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.