On Saturday March 9, Travis Kelce was at Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour concert in Singapore, after attending Friday's show as well and taking Swift on a date before she hit the stage. Fans shared video clips of Kelce in a private suite at Singapore’s National Stadium. He was clearly enjoying himself, singing and dancing throughout the night and wearing a white jacket and sunglasses.
In one clip, Swift shouted out her boyfriend by swapping the lyrics in “Karma” again, singing that karma is that “guy on the Chiefs,” to the audience's excitement. After her Friday show, he and Swift were seen sharing a sweet kiss backstage. Then they were photographed at a local mall, walking around hand-in-hand. 
The Kansas City Chiefs star has been making an effort to see his girlfriend as she embarks on this international leg of her tour. He was also in Sydney for her show last month, before returning to Las Vegas to join his team. Swift was equally as eager to support him during the NFL season, flying back and forth from South America while she was touring there to catch his games leading up to the Super Bowl in February.
“Travis is going the extra mile to make sure he is showing support for Taylor during his off time,” a source told Us Weekly earlier in March. “He is so happy he can be there for her, and show up for her even during the international leg of her tour. He wants her to feel supported.”
When he's not free to travel, the insider said that he and Swift have a “great system” for staying connected.
“They both understand how busy they are and are very accommodating to schedules. They FaceTime and text a lot when they aren’t together,” the source continued. “Travis and Taylor are still in the ‘honeymoon’ phase and the relationship is serious. They are on the same page about the future but are not rushing marriage or the next step.”
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.