This is for all the Y2K teens out there. 
Getty
 If you were a Y2K teen, you and your high school boyfriend probably spent your weekends at one of two places: the movie theater, or the local shopping mall (likely posted up at the food court or outside Abercrombie & Fitch). And while a lot has changed since then, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are bringing back the nostalgic mall date with their latest couple outing.

 This week, Swift and Kelce were spotted spending some quality time together while at the mall in Singapore (the current location of Swift's Eras Tour). In fan photos posted to X, the pair were spotted holding hands as they walked around the shopping center, and at one point, they even went in for a kiss by the escalator.

 For the occasion, Swift wore a black minidress with spaghetti straps and an exposed zipper in the back. She accessorized with red flats that matched her lipstick, while her blonde hair was worn down in relaxed waves. Kelce, for his part, opted for a short-sleeved patterned button-down with black pants and matching loafers.

 Swift and Kelce's recent date comes after the NFL player supported the pop star at two of her concerts this week. During one of the shows, Kelce was seen dancing like no one was watching to Swift's Reputation hit "Look What You Made Me Do" with his friends.

Getty
 The fun moment was followed by Swift giving him a secret shoutout while singing a mashup of her songs "Fifteen" and "You're on Your Own Kid." Fans immediately noticed that Swift cut the lines, “Well, in your life you’ll do things / Greater than dating the boy on the football team / I didn’t know it at fifteen," during her performance. Which makes sense, now that she's dating a football player and all.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)