Garth Brooks' "Friend In Low Places" Bar in downtown Nashville opens tonight (3/7), and fans have been waiting outside since early this morning to be some of the first to see the new four-story bar.
A few weeks ago, Garth said on Studio G that he would show up to the bar opening this evening if Travis Kelce sings "Friends In Low Places" with him at his bar.
At the February 14 Super Bowl victory parade in Kansas City, Kelce grabbed the microphone and attempted to sing Brooks' song, telling the crowd, "If you know this song, sing along!"
I asked Brooks this morning at the press conference at the bar if he ever heard back from the 2024 Super Bowl star, who also happens to be dating Taylor Swift. He told me, "No, no, no, I didn't expect the 'Big Yeti" (Kelce's nickname). That was a joke, right? He did me a great favor by singing, so I'm gonna give him another shot at the title if he wanted to come here. But, no, I couldn't imagine that happening."
Garth added that he saw the news conference where his brother Jason retired from football. He said, "I love him. I love his family. I saw the whole moment with his family and the retirement (his brother Jason's) speech. It brought tears to me."
He concluded with a smile, "I love people who take life that passionately. So, anybody that's that passionate always has an invitation at this place."
Brooks said on February 20 in his weekly Studio G, "Did you guys see Travis Kelce's version of 'Friends in Low Places?' Did you see him sing this? I loved it; I thought it was fantastic. It blew me away because I'm sitting there watching it as it's going down, right? I never expected that."
He told Kelce, "I'll send a plane if you want and come and get another shot at the title. If you want to come sing that, I'll send a plane. You can come by yourself or bring your brother or your gang, whatever you want to do. The plane holds 11; just remember that. So, yes, I'll be happy to send this invite out to you if you want to try a little 'Friends in Low Places' in Friends in Low Places."
Since he released his debut self-titled album in 1989, Garth Brooks has been a force in country music. His career skyrocketed in the early 1990s as his album sales and concert attendance set records worldwide.
Garth Brooks released a new album in November called Time Traveler and included it on his final limited edition box set. Garth said of the seven-disc package, "This is the third and final box set of our career. I like how that completes the circle, the new music tying in. It kind of completes the set, for me, with the old stuff."
The package is available exclusively at Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's.
Time Traveler, of course, features "Rodeo Man," Garth's duet with Ronnie Dunn, as well as a pairing with Kelly Clarkson ("The Ship and The Bottle"), an update of David Allen Coe's "The Ride" that tells more of the song's original story, and "Me Without You."
Those songs join six others on the new album, while Time Traveler joins Man Against Machine, Gunslinger, Fun, and Triple Live inside the latest Limited Series set.
In April, Brooks will play his Las Vegas residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace. He told us of his busy 2024, "Yeah! This was the busiest year so far. I seriously think things are going to slow down a lot in '24. Oh – let me rephrase that!! I think things are going to slow down a lot in '25 'cause '24's going to be busier than '23!"
He told us of his Vegas shows, "What I love about the Vegas dates is the crowd you're playing for and the family that you're playing for. They've been very sweet to us out there. And if you look on the stage anywhere in Vegas, you'll never see a set list."
As Garth celebrates his 62nd birthday today (2/7), we look at the five songs that made him a household name and a country music icon.

Chris Weeks/Liaison/Getty Images 
Garth was not the first artist to record it. In an album liner notes, he said, "I have always been a fan of 'Baton Rouge.' I was, still am and always will be a fan of the members of New Grass Revival, four guys well ahead of their time (even if they came out thirty years from now). 'Baton Rouge' was a single for them about the time my first album was released."
He continued, "This song did not even break the top thirty, and I believe it did not get a fair shot. When we recorded it, it seemed only natural to bring in the guys from New Grass Revival – Pat Flynn, Bela Fleck, John Cowan, and Sam Bush, teamed with Jerry Douglas. This was the first time the New Grass Revival had been together since their breakup over a year prior to the recording of this song. It was a very good day and an extremely proud moment, and I think this is reflected in the cut itself."

Adele Starr/Getty Images
Garth co-wrote this dark number-one song. He said of the song, "There is no doubt that the toughest song in the GB catalog has to be 'The Thunder Rolls.' This song came out fighting the day it was released. It was originally cut by Tanya Tucker in 1988 but was never put on an album. It came back to us in time for No Fences. My hat's off to Pat Alger, a great writer and friend, and to music itself because only music could withstand what this song has gone through."
The lyrics include, "The thunder rolls / And the lightnin' strikes / Another love grows cold / On a sleepless night / As the storm blows on / Out of control / Deep in her heart / The thunder rolls."

Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
Garth's second radio single and his first number-one single on the US Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. "If Tomorrow Never Comes" was named Favorite Country Single in the American Music Awards of 1991. Brooks noted that the song "will probably always be my signature song." Garth also said that the song is about the love of a father to his daughter, not to his lover. He co-wrote the song with Kent Blazy.

Kevin Winter/Getty Images
One of the biggest songs in his career and the name of his new downtown Nashville bar. During a press conference when the bar opened, Garth said that when it came out and succeeded (four weeks at number-one) so much, nobody knew his name, but "everyone" knows "Friend In Low Places." The song won both the Academy of Country Music and Country Music Association awards for 1990 Single of the Year.

Stephen Chernin/Getty Images
"The Dance" was the single released before "Friends in Low Places," and also shot to number one on the country charts. In 1990, it was named both Song of the Year and Video of the Year by the Academy of Country Music. It was awarded the number 14 position in the CMT 100 Greatest Songs of Country Music broadcast in 2003. It also is in the number 5 position on the network's The Greatest: 100 Greatest Music Videos special in 2004.
In 2001, after the death of Dale Earnhardt, Brooks was invited to the NASCAR Awards ceremony honoring Earnhardt to play the song as a tribute.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!