Jelly Roll's GRAMMY week in February was one to remember. During a recent interview to celebrate his country chart-topping success in Nashville, Jelly told us about him and his fellow country singers taking center stage at a very Hollywood party.
He said, "The Clive Davis party, I don't know if you know, is the hardest ticket in Los Angeles, California. I never thought I'd be there or playing in it. And they put country m----- f------ together. So the table is me, Lainey Wilson, Luke Combs, and Tyler Childers. We're about as country as collard greens. We're catfish and coleslaw. We're standing out really bad."
Jelly continued, "I'm sitting there, and it wasn't the feeling of, 'Oh, that's the country table,' It was the, 'Oh, that's the cool table.' Everybody stopped by that table dude, and people that have been to all these Clive parties told me traditionally they don't talk to the country artists, they don't know 'em, they don't recognize them. It's always been a real left-field thing."
But that night was different. He said, "The reception we got at the Clive Davis party, for me, was the real breakthrough. And then the next day (GRAMMY day), I walked the red carpet, and everybody was chatting. I was like, 'We f------kind of belong here."
Jelly felt a little alienated the next night at the GRAMMY Awards show, "They put me away from the country people this time. I had Michael Trotter (War And Tready) with me, thank God. But across was Kelsea (Ballerini) and Lainey, the real country music superstars. They had me in the barely in the building category. We were watching them going, 'How's the weather next to Taylor Swift and Oprah.' We were back here next to a security guard that was fixin' to kick us out."
However, after being acknowledged by so many in the crowd, that feeling changed, "I had a real moment of not only do we belong here, and I didn't leave upset that I didn't win; I also didn't think I'd win. I left encouraged that not only are we coming back next year, but we're also gonna have multiple nominations."
Jelly Roll has become a country music sensation, topping the country charts, winning his first CMA award, and being nominated for a couple of GRAMMY Awards, one in the all-genre New Artist category and the other in the Best Country Duo/Group for his collaboration "Save Me" with Lainey Wilson.
Everyone, including his fellow country stars, is talking about him. Luke Bryan told us his thoughts on Jelly when we interviewed him recently. He said, "Jelly Roll and I have been at some events together. We hung out at a backstage festival a month and a half ago briefly. I think what Jelly Roll embodies and represents is something really, really special. When I'm around him, the way he holds himself. You are just drawn to him. He's such a star in that role."
Bryan added, "Every time I'm around the guy, he's just so intriguing and interesting. I think his form of country music speaks to a potentially forgotten box of people in country music, and he's able to really speak to that crowd."
He continued, "What makes him special is, as a fan, you get to see into his world, which is a world of a lot of people, and I think that's what you have to do to rise where he has risen. To speak to people and tell your story honestly. He tells his story the good, the bad, and the ugly, and I think that's what people love about him. You know, life's journey is not all squeaky, clean, and beautiful, with no bumps in the road. I think he lets a lot of people not feel alone."
It's been a whirlwind of a year for the native Nashvillian. Jelly  took fan questions on his Insta Stories not long ago and touched on several subjects, including his mental health, after wrapping his headlining "Backroad Baptism Tour" and why he is going without his phone through the end of the year.
When a fan asked about his mental health, Jelly replied, "This is probably too honest, but exhausted and unstable. Definitely when I get through the holidays, and I've got a lot of stuff to do between now and the holidays, but when I get through the holidays, I really need to take some personal time."
Jelly Roll talked about the importance of therapy in a recent interview on Comedy Central's The Daily Show. Jelly described himself as an "old-school Southern man." He noted that his relationship with God and faith are also key parts of his evolution.
Jelly added that he believes in "God and therapy." He said he is "extremely open-minded" in his "old age." Jelly offered, "I quit searching to be happy, and I started searching to be useful." That's when everything changed for him, and he strives to "be a man of service" and to help people.
We all know his country hit songs like "Son of A Sinner," "Need A Favor," and the duet remix of his song "Save Me" with Lainey Wilson. As we continued celebrating this unique and gracious artist, we thought we would get familiar with some of his songs before he made such a significant mark in country music.
This hard rock song was released two years ago from his Ballads of the Broken album. That album is the first major-label album by Jelly Roll. "Dead Man Walking," released as a single, reached number one on the US Mainstream Rock chart. The album also included "Son of a Sinner," his first country chart-topper.
See that video here.
This song comes from his 2015 album, Therapeutic Music 5. The song talks about smoking weed and being in jail. In the song, Jelly does a lot of rapping along with singing the chorus, which includes the lyrics, "I hope that Heaven has a smoking section/ I hope that Heaven has a smoking section/ When it's said and done and we're all gone/ I hope they got a place that we can blow / I hope that Heaven has a smoking section." Jelly's mom appears in the music video.
This song came off of Jelly's 2017 album, "Addiction Kills." The music video for the song has over 53 million views and features his wife, Bunnie Xo. The couple were married in 2016. The song and video include a lot of swear words, sexual situations, and guns.
See that video here.
This song also comes from his album, Addiction Kills. The music video for the song starts with Jelly in a chair getting his hair cut and shaved. Much of the music video was filmed in Sally's Famous Kitchen in Jelly's home neighborhood, a suburb of Nashville: Antioch.
See that video here.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!