ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 17: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... More publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift keeps racking up No. 1 hits, no matter what she releases or what the competition she may face. The superstar has no issue sending her singles to the summit on almost any ranking these days, as she is far and away the most popular artist in the U.S. She proves her hitmaking power once again by scoring not one, but two new No. 1s.
The superstar’s current single “Is It Over Now? (Taylor’s Version) [From the Vault]” will rise to No. 1 on a pair of Billboard charts next week. The track is set to soar to the summit on both the Pop Airplay and Adult Pop Airplay tallies, two of the three radio lists published by the chart company and music magazine.
Fans who take a look at those charts today won’t see Swift on top, though. “Is It Over Now?” has been announced as the next leader on both lists, but it won’t appear at No. 1 on either of them until Billboard refreshes its rankings in a few days. The company reveals the champions on certain rosters ahead of time, as radio tracking periods are on a different schedule than most tallies.
Currently, “Is It Over Now?” sits in third place on the aforementioned charts. It will leap not one, but two spaces on both tallies, experiencing the same boom in popularity on the pair of radio lists.
On the Pop Airplay chart, “Is It Over Now?” is about to replace Jack Harlow’s “Lovin on Me” at No. 1. That hip-hop/pop tune has led the charge for four weeks, but soon, its reign will be over–at least for the time being. On the Adult Pop Airplay ranking, “Is It Over Now?” will supplant Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” That cut, from the movie Barbie, has only managed a pair of turns in first place.
“Is It Over Now?” is about to become Swift’s lucky thirteenth leader on the Pop Airplay chart. In a few days, it will also mark her twelfth champion on the Adult Pop Airplay tally.
At the moment, Swift only claims a No. 1 on one of the three pop radio charts. Her single “Cruel Summer” is still in charge of the Adult Contemporary ranking. If that tune can hold on and earn another stay in the penthouse, next week the Grammy winner will dominate all three pop radio tallies—but not with the same hit.