ByNadja Sayej
ByNadja Sayej,
 Contributor. 
A pressed flower tattoo by Isle Tattoo
When it comes to small, unique tattoos, the micro heart or sticker sleeve has clearly been done. This year, one trend is on the rise—the pressed flower tattoo. Yes, it’s an actual tattoo, not a temporary one. We might know flower pressing from the 16th century, where it was incorporated into artworks in China and Japan, but it really grew in England during the Victorian Era. It has also been used in scientific books for botanical illustrations.
Traditionally, flowers were pressed by inserting them into the pages of hardcover books, pressed between their pages, taking weeks for the flowers to dry. Equally romantic and educational, pressed flowers explore the fauna and flora of the time. Lately, flower pressing has made a comeback as part of resin art, and it has been used for wall art, note cards, paperweights, bookmarks, and candles.
A pressed flower tattoo of a Vicia Cracca by Isle Tattoo
Whether it’s a fern leaf or a dainty fruit bough, one tattoo artist specializes in pressed flower-style tattoos. Isle Tattoo, aka Jina Park, says she has never seen it so popular. “Pressed flower tattoos have been my signature work for a long time,” said Park. “When I first started tattooing after art school, I felt like it was engraving a picture on the body; it’s decoration, but tells a story, much like pressed flowers.”
The rise of flower tattoos stems from fashion, like New York brand Dauphinette, which created their own pressed flower handbag, to pressed flower artist Tricia Paoluccio who collaborated with Oscar de la Renta on their Fall/Winter 2021 collection (Taylor Swift famously wore one of the collection's dresses to the Grammy Awards). “Tattooing is something that stays in the body forever and I hope it's not tacky over time,” said Park. “In that sense, I think that nature-based subjects like leaves and pressed flowers, fruit and branches, are a good choice.”
FEATURED | Frase ByForbes™
Unscramble The Anagram To Reveal The Phrase
Pinpoint By Linkedin
Guess The Category
Queens By Linkedin
Crown Each Region
Crossclimb By Linkedin
Unlock A Trivia Ladder
Women want something classic, timeless, and feminine. “It’s such a cool feeling to put a three-dimensional effect on a flat surface like human skin, but it’s even cooler to ink it on like you’re pressing a flat design onto a body,” said Park. “That, in essence, is the pressed flower tattoo.”
A pressed flower tattoo of a Pteridium in Jeju Island by Isle Tattoo
Park is inspired by a mix of eastern and western artists, artists like David Hockney and South Korean landscape artist, Kim Bohie. Her work calls to mind the fruit in Caravaggio paintings, or the bough-laden scarves by Hermes or Gucci. “I majored in oriental painting, and I know about the beauty of the East because I was born and raised in East Asia,” said Park.
“The East has a different way of looking at and expressing objects from the West. So even if I draw the same flower as a western artist, it’s different. I think many people are interested in such special things.”
A pressed flower tattoo by Isle Tattoo
More clients feel comfortable with small flowers, leaves, or boughs as a tattoo, mainly due to its sparse, minimal nature, and its size. “People tend to feel more comfortable with something small and cute rather than strong and wild,” says Park. “Small, nature-based floral or leaf-based tattoos are easier to decide upon, simply because they’re not as burdensome. They’re simple.”
Among the delicate botanical tattoos that Park has inked, they include pressed flower versions of magnolias, daisies, lavender, and fern leaves. “I’ve noticed that my clients like slender-looking flora, recently,” she said. “People like the shape of lichen, a type of fungi that lives on rocks and trees, too. I like this strange type of fungi because it looks strange, but at the same time, is beautiful—the perfect combination for a small tattoo.”
A pressed fern leaf tattoo by Isle Tattoo
The fern leaf, something that Harry Styles has inked on his hip, often ties to the heritage or hometown of a client. “Most of the guests who got their fern tattoos had ferns in their hometowns, and that was a good memory for them,” said Park. “Even though ferns seem common, clients seem to like it because it's rare and gives a unique feel.”
Clients ask for pressed flowers that represent their hometown or country, says Park, from plants and flowers that represent South Korea to New Zealand, Scotland and beyond. “Nature is always by our side, but it varies from continent to continent,” she said. “It’s symbolic of a place, but also people’s hearts.”
Tattoo artist, Jina Park aka Isle Tattoo