The NFL star was spotted at National Stadium in Singapore for the singer's sixth show in the city on Saturday
 Travis Kelce can't get enough of the Eras Tour!

 After the NFL star, 34, was spotted at Taylor Swift's concert in Singapore on Friday, Kelce returned for the superstar's final show part of her six-night run at National Stadium on Saturday evening.

 In one photo posted by a fan account on X (formerly Twitter), Kelce could be seen in the stands watching girlfriend Swift, 34, perform in concert.

 A second snap shared by the same account showed the athlete speaking with a fellow attendee in his section during the show.

 Kelce was also seen in clips posted on X dancing to Swift's song "Miss Americana & The Heartbreak Prince" in his section with fans. He was joined by his manager, André Eanes — who also attended Swift's concert on Friday with wife Amanda Santa — and close friend Ross Travis, who previously accompanied the NFL star to Swift's international shows.

Fernando Leon/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management; JC Olivera/Getty
 Previously on Friday, Swift and Kelce delighted fans when the singer ran into her boyfriend's arms and shared an adorable moment after her show. The couple exchanged sweet kisses in a video shared on social media.

 Swifties were just as excited when she continued her trend of changing the lyrics to her hit song "Karma" to nod to her relationship with Kelce.

 Originally, Swift wrote, "Karma is the guy on the screen coming straight home to me," but since her relationship with Kelce became more public, she's opted for singing, "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me."

Ezra Shaw/Getty
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Before his trip to Singapore, Kelce traveled to Australia to attend the Eras Tour during the first of Swift's three shows in Sydney.

 The Super Bowl champ was spotted handing out guitar picks and cheering his girlfriend on from the VIP tent. After the show, the pair were spotted sharing their post-show kiss by fans.

 Now that her Singapore run has concluded, Swift has a two-month break before the Eras Tour heads to Nanterre, France, for four dates at Paris La Défense Arena from May 9-12.

 In the interim, Swift will release her 11th original studio album The Tortured Poets Department on April 19.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)