The Golden Globes might have seen an uptick in viewership, but many who watched it say it was a mess of rich celebrities cultivating cringe moments, as many celebrity award shows are. 
One moment, in particular, featured comedian and host Jo Koy making what could be considered a very mild swipe at the NFL's obsession with Taylor Swift. Swift was in the room, having been nominated for Cinematic and Box Office Achievement in Motion Picture for her concert documentary movie “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour.”
Koy's joke was hardly offensive. He noted that the Golden Globes was coming on after an NFL doubleheader.
"The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL is that at the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift.”
The camera immediately cut to Swift, who looked annoyed and took a sip of her champagne. While Koy may have been a dud of a host that night, Swift's reaction had many people souring on her. 
One person who wasn't too impressed with Swift's behavior was Megyn Kelly. Speaking with Maureen Callahan about the moment, Kelly chided Swift for her lack of a sense of humor in a harmless joke that wasn't even directed at her per se. 
"Can't she just show that she's a good sport? I think she made the wrong move," said Kelly. 
"I thought, 'Wow, if we needed any further proof that she has no sense of humor about herself and this will be revenge song or whatever her next magnum opus is," said Callahan. 
Callahan noted the lack of appreciation from these multi-millionaire celebrities who take themselves so seriously despite all the blessings they have. Kelly elaborated that Swift isn't in charge of the number of times the NFL broadcasters choose to put Swift on people's screens. 
"If she was smart, she would laugh like she was in on the joke," said Kelly.
Callahan speculated that perhaps Swift's continued celebration in our culture has made her feel above light swipes by comedians. Kelly agreed, saying Swift should have laughed along with the joke making it seem like she was in agreement about the excessiveness of it all, but instead clearly looked angry over the mild swipe.
"That looked like 'How dare you question me and my popularity, you loser?!'" said Kelly.
It doesn't help that Swift appeared to leave after losing the award for her category to Margot Robbie for "Barbie." 
Swift does have undeniable success and her star has never risen higher than it is now. With her Era's Tour a complete success, her movie having done well in theaters, and her very public romance with Chief's tight end Travis Kelce, and even having won TIME's "Person of the Year," Swift is currently on top of the world. 
READ: Congratulations to the Taylor Swift Concept for Winning TIME's 'Person of the Year'
But being on top doesn't make you exempt from being joked about. In fact, it only makes you a bigger target, and if Koy's soft joke that was aimed more at the NFL makes Swift that angry, then I've got some bad news for her. 
Things are going to get so much worse for her now that she's shown she can't take it, and she better learn to toughen up. 
Senior Editor. Culture critic, and video creator. YouTuber. Good at bad photoshops.

                            Copyright Redstate.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.