ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Jung Kook (Big Hit Music)
For half a decade now, BTS has ruled as the biggest band on the planet. With each new release, the group only became bigger and bigger, and now it’s assumed that almost anything they share will go to No. 1 and become a year-end bestseller. 2023 showed that not only can the members all perform well on the Billboard charts on their own, but that one singer from the beloved outfit has emerged as the top star.
Throughout 2023, before all the members of BTS embarked on their military enlistment–mandatory for all men in South Korea by a certain age–many of the members released solo collections. Some had already done so before, while others were going out on their own for the first time. All of the projects they dropped were met with critical and commercial success, but none could quite compete with Jung Kook.
In a band filled with musicians who all have dedicated and massive fan bases of their own, Jung Kook has clearly proved himself to be the biggest star among the bunch in America. His performance on the Billboard charts with his debut solo offering proves this point.
Jung Kook began his reign in the middle of the year when he released the song “Seven.” Marketed as his debut solo single–even though he’d reached the Hot 100 under his own name a year prior–the tune was an instant and massive success. “Seven,” which featured rapper Latto, debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100. Jung Kook wasn’t the first South Korean soloist to manage that feat–his BTS bandmate Jimin had done so just weeks prior–but his single would live on the tally for much longer.
“Seven” ended up spending 15 weeks on the Hot 100 before falling off. That makes it the fourth-longest-charting hit by a South Korean soloist on the tally. It comes in behind two of Psy’s singles and another by Jung Kook from 2022.
With “Seven,” Jung Kook instantly made history, but it turned out the first single was just the beginning of his wins. The next two singles from his album, “3D” with Jack Harlow and his own “Standing Next To You,” both debuted and peaked at No. 5 on the Hot 100, coincidentally.
In the span of just a few months, Jung Kook went from having exactly zero top 10 hits on the Hot 100 as a soloist to claiming the most among all South Korean musicians working on their own. In fact, the only K-pop act to claim more spots inside the top 10 on the main singles chart in history is BTS.
And then there’s his album. Jung Kook compiled all three singles and a number of other tracks onto his debut solo full-length, Golden. Like several other titles released by BTS singers this year, the set barely missed out on hitting No. 1 on the Billboard 200, stalling at No. 2 instead. So far, no South Korean solo musicians have ruled that ranking, but a few BTS stars came close this year.
Golden opened with more than 210,000 equivalent units shifted in the U.S. alone. During most other weeks, that sum would likely have been enough for it to debut at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. Sadly, Jung Kook chose to drop his full-length a week after Taylor Swift’s 1989 (Taylor’s Version), which nothing could beat, even in its second frame. Still, Golden became the first album from a BTS member to shift at least 200,000 units in one week, and it holds the record for the largest debut among the band members by a sizable margin.
At this point, all seven members of BTS have proved they have talent and a following outside of the band that made them all superstars. Their releases have been met with varying levels of chart success, but all of the singers are respected on their own. It was only natural that one would become more successful than the others, if at least for a time.
These are still very early days regarding the solo careers of the BTS members, but for now, it’s clear that Americans were totally bought into the idea of Jung Kook as a solo superstar in 2023.