If you missed out on Taylor Swift tickets, don't worry, because there’s another way you can catch the singer’s Eras Tour with an amazing new deal. For a limited time, Swifties can join Disney+ for just £1.99 a month, meaning they can enjoy Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) when it premieres on March 15.
In June, the 14-time Grammy-winner will bring her record-breaking world tour to the UK, with dates in Edinburgh, Cardiff, London and three nights at Anfield Stadium. Tickets went on sale in June 2023 and as expected sold out almost instantly.
But thanks to the new Disney+ £1.99 deal, unlucky fans who missed out can sign up to Disney+ Standard with Ads plan to lock in the £1.99 a month price for three months and experience The Eras Tour at home. But you will have to act fast to snap up this offer before it ends the days before the film’s release on March 14.
READ MORE: TU Clothing's 'beautiful' £35 midi dress is a 'perfect summer find' in four vibrant colours
READ MORE: Dunelm's Teddy bedding that makes it 'virtually impossible to get out of bed' slashed in price
Swift’s “cinematic experience” concert film was released in cinemas around the world in October and grossed more than $260 million worldwide at the global box office, becoming the highest-grossing concert film ever. Directed by Grammy-nominee Sam Wrench, the new three-and-a-half-hour extended version will feature five songs not featured in the theatrical or previously released digital versions, including ‘cardigan’ and four bonus acoustic tracks.
The £1.99 Disney+ deal is available for new and returning customers, letting them stream the concert film along with the hottest new films and shows in full HD 1080p. After the three-month promotional period, Disney+ Standard with Ads auto-renews at the then-current monthly retail price – currently £4.99 a month – but at this point, members are free to cancel.
As well as The Eras Tour, Disney+ is the streaming home of Star Wars, Marvel and National Geographic, and the only place to catch the epic new samurai series Shōgun. Members can also enjoy blockbuster shows like Welcome to Wrexham and The Bear – both of which return to Disney+ for a third season later this year – and films including the Oscar-nominated Poor Things, which is coming soon.
The House of Mouse streamer is also gearing up for the second season of Extraordinary and the all-new original Renegade Nell, the fantastical action-adventure from Happy Valley creator Sally Wainwright. But if the thought of watching adverts while you stream puts you off, Disney+ members can expect on average just four minutes of ads or less for every hour of TV – less than on terrestrial channels – while an ad will only play before a film starts and not during.
If you’d prefer to stream without the occasional ad, Disney+ also offers the ad-free Standard and Premium plans at £7.99 and £10.99 a month respectively. There’s no hidden cost with a monthly Disney+ subscription and it can be cancelled at any time, while customers can get the equivalent of two months free with an annual subscription.
New and returning customers can subscribe to Disney+ Standard with Ads for its Epic Movies, Epic Offer at £1.99/month for three months from February 29 to March 14 2024.
Alternatively, Sky is offering a one-month free trial of its Sky TV, Sky Stream, Netflix and Discovery+ bundle, while also slashing its Sky Glass and Netflix package to £14 a month for three months.
Receive the latest shopping news and reviews straight to your email by signing up here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.