Timmy was not here for any of the rumors, FYI.
The Kimothée and Selena Gomez saga continues after fans theorized that Selena was talking about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet at the Golden Globes on Sunday. Once videos of Sel's alleged conversation with Taylor Swift started circulating online, so did the rumor mill—and Timmy's here to shut down rumors that his girlfriend and former co-star are beefing. 
During a stroll in Beverly Hills on January 8, Timothée and his sister Pauline Chalamet were approached by one of TMZ's photographers, who caught them by surprise and questioned him about the incident. The photographer was initially waiting for Halle Bailey's boyfriend, DDG, and caught Timmy as he walked around. "What are the chances?" the Wonka actor laughed.
When asked whether he and Selena are cool, Timmy responded "Yeah, of course" and cleared up the rumors that pretty much broke the internet the day before. He immediately shut down the theory that Kylie and Selena "have any beef" or that his former A Rainy Day in New York co-star was "snubbed" by his girlfriend at the awards ceremony. 
The day after the Golden Globes, a source close to the Only Murders in the Building star told People, "She was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie," and that "never even saw or spoke to them."
Well, it looks like everything's good between Kylie, Timmy, and Sel based on his commentary and the statement from Selena's insider. Kylie has yet to comment on the matter, but at this point—does she even need to? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
Attn: Serena Wasn’t Shading Drake at Super Bowl
Madonna and Elton John Are No Longer Beefing
Billy Pens an Emotional IG Post for Miley and Noah
Noah Seemingly Details Family Drama in New Song
Jax Wants Stassi and Beau to Join ‘The Valley’
Breaking Down the Messy Cyrus Family Feud
Chrishell Admits to Shading Sandoval on Instagram
Justin Baldoni Reflects on 'It Ends With Us' Drama
Pascal Apologizes for Calling Chock a “Stalker”
Brittany Hooked Up With Jax’s Friend Amid Divorce
This Taylor and Scooter Feud Update Is V Juicy
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.