e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce celebrated the Kansas City Chiefs’ Super Bowl 2024 victory by dancing to what else?
Video posted on social media shows the world’s favorite super couple dancing at the Chiefs’ afterparty to a techno version of Swift’s hit song “Love Story,” Page Six reported. The video also shows the singer wrapping her arms around her tall, strapping NFL beau and planting her bright-red-painted lips on his.
As fans know, the story in the song ends with “the prince,” also referred to as Romeo, kneeling on the ground in front of the princess, pulling out a ring and saying, “Marry me, Juliet. … It’s a love story, baby, just say, ‘Yes.’”
Just as “Love Story” recounts a glorious fairy tale, Swift and Kelce got their “fairy tale” ending with the Chiefs’ 25-22 win over the San Francisco 49ers in a tense overtime, as TMZ and other outlets said. Swifties and everyone else following their romance must therefore wonder whether the singer’s life is on course to enjoy its own version of the song’s fairy tale moment. They probably like to imagine Kelce getting down on one knee to present the pop princess with a ring and saying, “Marry me, Taylor. … I love you and that’s all I really know.”
Soon after Swift and Kelce began dating at the start of this NFL season, Swfities began asking if he’s The One. Everyone sold on this idea have speculated on when they will get engaged. There were rumors that Kelce would pop the question at Christmas, or on New Year’s Eve, while other observers have opined that they would wait until after the Super Bowl to get engaged. Maybe Kelce would pop the question on Valentine’s Day?
Last week, Kelce waved off the engagement question during a press conference, Page Six reported. A reporter asked,  “Is there going to be another ring besides the Super Bowl ring if you win this thing on Sunday?”
“I’m focused on getting this ring, and that’s all that my mind’s focused on right now,” Kelce responded.
At the time, Swift was in Tokyo, performing on her Eras Tour. But as fans watched social media plane-tracking accounts in breathless anticipation, the megastar hopped on a private jet after her Saturday night performance in Japan and flew all the way to the United States to watch Kelce’s team in action against the 49ers in Las Vegas.
Swift, dressed in a black corset and jeans and a custom “87” diamond necklace, watched the game in a luxury suite at Allegiant Stadium with celebrity friends, Blake Lively, Ice Spice and Lana del Rey. Kelce’s parents and brother and sister-in-law, Jason and Kylie Kelce, also were in the suite.
As soon as the Chiefs’ won, Swift’s friends tackled her and shrieked in shock, Page Six reported. The excitement continued onto the football field, where Swift and Kelce’s family swarmed him with hugs and tears.
There were further opportunities Sunday night for Swift and Kelce to use one of her famous songs to celebrate their fairy tale Super Bowl. TMZ reported that the couple also attended a private party where the Chainsmokers were handling the music duties. When the DJ duo started playing a version of Swift’s “You Belong to Me,” Kelce jumped into their booth and began singing along with it, belting out a serenade to his girlfriend, who was in the crowd. She began singing back to him.
Now that Kelce is getting his sports-related ring, sources have told Page Six that Swift could become “bejeweled” herself — but not until the summer.
Swift and Kelce have discussed marriage and “there is a plan,” an insider told Page Six. “They will get engaged on their one-year anniversary in July.”
The Page Six sources said the athlete didn’t propose over the holidays — and had no plans to for Valentine’s Day — because he and Swift “don’t want it to seem like it’s rushed insanity.”
But now that Kelce’s grueling schedule for the NFL season is over, it’s expected that he’ll travel to join Swift for some of her Eras Tour performances, which pick up in Australia on Friday and continue to Singapore and then to Europe in May.
At the press conference, Kelce also weighed in on Swift winning two awards at the recent Grammys, including Album of the Year, Page Six reported. He joked that he promised her he would bring home some “hardware” of his own from the Super Bowl.
“She’s unbelievable, she’s rewriting the history books herself,” Kelce said proudly. “I told her I’ll have to hold up my end of the bargain and bring some hardware, too.”
The NFL star also said he has loved having Swifties join Chiefs Kingdom as a result of her presence at his games.
“Taylor has an unbelievable fan base that follows her and supports her throughout her life,” Kelce said. “It’s been fun to gather the Swifties and the Chiefs Kingdom and open them to the football world and sports world and it’s been cool to just experience that.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group