Manage your account
Sabrina Carpenter loves Cillian Murphy so much that he’s got her talking nonsense.
While preparing for the Academy Awards festivities on Sunday night (March 10), the pop star sang Murphy’s praises and told Vanity Fair what she would do if she ran into the Oscar-winning Oppenheimer star at an afterparty.
More from Billboard
Ciara Celebrates Husband Russell Wilson's Deal With the Pittsburgh Steelers
Karl Wallinger of The Waterboys & World Party Dies at 66
Reneé Rapp Makes Red Carpet Debut With Towa Bird
“If I see Cillian Murphy, I’m probably gonna leave the party. Probably gonna leave with him,” she quipped. “I’m not going to leave with him, I’m just going to leave at the same time as him, so I can see where he lives. So I can follow his car.”
Carpenter graced the red carpet for the Vanity Fair Oscars party with a different Oscar-nominated Irishman: Barry Keoghan. Keoghan — who most recently starred in the “Murder on the Dancefloor”-reviving Saltburn — picked up a best supporting actor nod for his turn in The Banshees of Inisherin at the 95th Academy Awards, while Murphy triumphed at Sunday’s ceremony for his towering performance as J. Robert Oppenheimer in the Christopher Nolan-helmed Oppenheimer, which was also crowned best picture.
Even though Carpenter and Keoghan didn’t pose together, they did walk the carpet at the same time. The steady progression of their joint public outings has reached something of a fever pitch this month. During Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour stop at Singapore’s National Stadium on March 4, fans captured footage of Carpenter — who opened for all six shows in Singapore — running into Keoghan’s arms after completing her set. The night prior (March 3), fans also got footage of Keoghan’s glowing reaction to Carpenter’s now-trademark freestyle “Nonsense” outro. Moreover, in photos of the two stars at the Oscars afterparty, Keoghan can be seen wearing an Eras Tour friendship bracelet spelling out the “Feather” singer’s first name.
Watch the Eras Tour opener gush over Cillian Murphy below:
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart