The friends attended the awards show together Jan. 7.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	The Golden Globes was a girls’ night out for pals Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry.  

	At Sunday night’s (Jan. 7) awards, the two women left behind their partners — Swift is dating Travis Kelce while Sperry is married to Top Gun: Maverick star Miles Teller — and attended the ceremony on each other’s arms. And the next day, Sperry posted photos on Instagram with the 34-year-old pop star at the show and compared themselves to another set of famous gal pals. 

	“Romy and Michele (and Tree) take the globes ❤️,” she captioned the snaps, one of which also featured Tree Paine, Swift’s longtime publicist. 

	The 1997 cult classic Romy and Michele’s High School Reunion stars Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow in the titular roles, respectively. The two blonde besties set out to fool their old classmates at their high school reunion into thinking they lead successful lives. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	In one photo, Sperry puts a hand on Swift’s waist as the “Anti-Hero” singer throws her head back laughing. On her Instagram Story, the 31-year-old model-actress — who co-starred in Swift’s “I Bet You Think About Me” alongside Teller — shared a mirror selfie of the two women striking a pose in their gowns. 

	Swift’s Eras Tour concert film was nominated for cinematic and box office achievement, which ultimately went to Greta Gerwig’s Barbie. Also in the crowd at the awards show was Selena Gomez, who made stops at the 12-time Grammy winner and Sperry’s table — spawning a viral moment in which the Only Murders in the Building star seemingly whispers something juicy to a shocked Swift.  
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.