Today's Paper
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary, please include the information from the obituary checklist below in an email to obits@pioneerpress.com. There is no option to place them through our website.
Feel free to contact our obituary desk at 651-228-5263 with any questions.


General Information:


Obituary Specification:


Policies:


Verification of Death:


In order to publish obituaries a name and phone number of funeral home/cremation society is required. We must contact the funeral home/cremation society handling the arrangements during their business hours to verify the death. If the body of the deceased has been donated to the University of Minnesota Anatomy Bequest Program, or a similar program, their phone number is required for verification.


Please allow enough time to contact them especially during their limited weekend hours.


A death certificate is also acceptable for this purpose but only one of these two options are necessary.


Guestbook and Outside Websites:


We are not allowed to reference other media sources with a guestbook or an obituary placed elsewhere when placing an obituary in print and online. We may place a website for a funeral home or a family email for contact instead; contact us with any questions regarding this matter.


Obituary Process:


Once your submission is completed, we will fax or email a proof for review prior to publication in the newspaper. This proof includes price and days the notice is scheduled to appear.


Please review the proof carefully. We must be notified of errors or changes before the notice appears in the Pioneer Press based on each day’s deadlines.


After publication, we will not be responsible for errors that may occur after final proofing.


Online:


Changes to an online obituary can be handled through the obituary desk. Call us with further questions.


Payment Procedure:


Pre-payment is required for all obituary notices prior to publication by the deadline specified below in our deadline schedule. Please call 651-228-5263 with your payment information after you have received the proof and approved its contents.


Credit Card: Payment accepted by phone only due to PCI (Payment Card Industry) regulations


EFT: Check by phone. Please provide your routing number and account number.


Cash: Accepted at our FRONT COUNTER Monday – Friday from 8:00AM – 3:30PM


Rates:


Deadlines:


Please follow deadline times to ensure your obituary is published on the day requested.

Hours
Deadline (no exceptions)
Ad
Photos
MONDAY – FRIDAY
9:00AM – 5:00 PM
Next Day Publication
Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 4:30PM
Make changes by 5:00PM
Must receive photo(s) by 4:30PM
SATURDAYS
10:00AM – 2:00PM
Sunday Publication
Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 1:30PM
Make changes by 2:00PM
Must receive photo(s) by 1:30PM
SUNDAYS
12:00PM – 3:00PM
Monday Publication
Must receive obituary content, payment, and final changes same day by 2:30PM
Must receive photo(s) by 2:30PM

MEMORIAM (NON-OBITUARY) REQUEST


Unlike an obituary, Memoriam submissions are remembrances of a loved one who has passed. The rates for a memoriam differ from obituaries.


Please call or email us for more memoriam information


Please call 651-228-5280 for more information.


HOURS: Monday – Friday 8:00AM – 5:00PM (CLOSED WEEKENDS and HOLIDAYS)


Please submit your memoriam ad to memoriams@pioneerpress.com or call 651-228-5280.

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Today's Paper

			OUR PICKS:		
NEW YORK — Where will you be watching the solar eclipse on Monday, April 8? There are just a few weeks left to pick your spot to see the skies darken along a strip of North America, whether by land, sea or air.
For those who live inside the 115-mile-wide path of total darkness, it may be a matter of just stepping outside and donning special eclipse glasses to watch the spectacle unfold. For the millions outside the path, or those who just want to improve their chances of clear skies, it could mean hitting the road with a game plan.
The eclipse reaches Mexico’s Pacific coast in the morning, cuts diagonally across the U.S. from Texas to Maine and exits in eastern Canada by late afternoon. Most of the rest of the continent will see a partial eclipse.
The University of Minnesota’s Bell Museum on the St. Paul campus says that locally, the eclipse will be at its peak at about 2 p.m. on April 8. While the museum plans to open on that Monday, with a variety of solar-related events, attendance is limited and groups/buses can’t be accommodated.
The weather will be key to viewing the eclipse, and spring weather along the path can be dicey. Mexico and Texas offer the best odds of sunny skies, said retired Canadian meteorologist Jay Anderson.
“There’s no guarantee of sunshine anywhere — just better chances,” he said.
Anderson studies satellite data for the previous 20 years to calculate how often a location has cloudy weather on any eclipse day. Besides Mexico and Texas, he said there are other promising spots on the path of totality, particularly along the Great Lakes.
The advice: If you’re flexible, start paying attention to local weather about 10 days out, and make your plans on the three-day forecast. Die-hard eclipse chasers often line up more than one location and make last-minute decisions based on the best forecast, he said.
One veteran eclipse chaser recommends picking a location and make it a vacation so that the eclipse is “the cherry on top” and not the only highlight — just in case things don’t work out.
Tom Schultz will be traveling from his retirement home in Costa Rica to watch the eclipse from his mother-in-law’s house in Rochester, New York, along with other relatives.
“If we get rained out, we’ll get this great family reunion,” said Schultz.
Veteran Anne Marie Adkins could drive across town in San Antonio to see the total eclipse, but opted to join an astronomer-led tour to Mazatlán, Mexico, betting on clear skies there. She’s been thwarted by clouds on other trips. For the 2017 U.S. eclipse, she went to Nebraska and had to scramble that day to find better skies.
“It’s a gamble. You never know what you are going to get,” said Adkins.
Post-eclipse traffic is a particular worry, especially in more rural areas like the Texas Hill Country. Patricia Moore, of the Bandera visitors center, said last year’s “ring of fire” eclipse provided a dress rehearsal for police and other first responders. Tiny Bandera — the “Cowboy Capital of the World” — expects crowds from nearby weekend music festivals.
“After the eclipse will be a challenge,” she said.
With the eclipse falling on a Monday, cities and towns along the path have lined up a weekend full of activities and watch parties to attract visitors. There are a multitude of music festivals and gatherings planned at museums, parks, wineries and other businesses hoping to capitalize on the buzz.
Niagara Falls has a slate of events for days and is expecting July Fourth-sized crowds for the eclipse, said Sara Harvey, spokeswoman for Destination Niagara USA.
There are multiple vantage points to watch the show from Niagara Falls State Park, and the famous Maid of the Mist tourist boats may be running, weather permitting, she said. Even if it’s cloudy, visitors will get “a beautiful view of the falls,” Harvey said.
In Waco, Texas, festivities will culminate on eclipse day with science-themed activities outside Baylor’s McLane stadium, along what’s called Touchdown Alley.
It may be too late to snag a cabin on a cruise ship positioned off the Mexico coast for the eclipse, but there are other watery options including a ride on the paddle-wheeler Victorian Princess on Lake Erie from Erie, Pennsylvania.
If the sky beckons, Southwest and Delta have identified flights that will fly along or near the eclipse path. A special Delta flight from Austin to Detroit quickly sold out, prompting the airline to add another from Dallas.
Looking for an different kind of place to watch the sun, moon and Earth align? The Indianapolis Motor Speedway will host NASA astronauts and other guests. Cedar Point amusement park on Lake Erie in Sandusky, Ohio, is opening for the day. And the Little Rock Zoo in Arkansas is throwing a tailgate fundraising party and inviting visitors to watch the zoo’s residents react to the midday darkness.
You can also spend the day visiting the planets. In northern Maine, a scale model of the solar system is displayed along nearly 100 miles of U.S. Route 1. Retired geology professor Kevin McCartney expects to unveil a new 23-foot-tall roadside sun at the University of Maine at Presque Isle on eclipse day. “You won’t be able to miss it,” he said.
Anderson, the weather expert, said it’s well worth the travel to see the “special magical moment” of a total eclipse: “It’s the Taylor Swift of natural events.”
— The Pioneer Press contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group