by 
	Alice Kelly


	Just when we thought we had caught all of the adorable couples and PDA moments at the 2024 Oscars, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce reportedly flew under-the-radar while celebrating with other A-listers during Hollywood’s biggest night of the year.

	










	Fans had hoped Swift, 34, would attend the 96th Academy Awards but she, alongside some other surprising absentee stars, opted note to attend the prestigious award ceremony. However, Swift didn’t miss out on the festivities entirely!

	 After jetting back from Swift’s Eras Tour shows in Singapore, where Kelce joined his superstar girlfriend fresh off the back of his Super Bowl win, the couple attended Gucci’s 16th annual Oscars event known as “The Party” on March 10, which was hosted by Madonna at talent manager Guy Oseary’s home.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jon Bon Jovi Is Celebrating His Anniversary With Dorothea Hurley With This Quintessential ‘80s Photo		
	










	Unfortunately for fans, there are no photos of Swift and Kelce, 34, at the notoriously exclusive event but British Vogue reported that the duo joined a small list of other famous faces including Lily Gladstone, Jennifer Lawrence, Jodie Turner-Smith and Salma Hayek, who all attended after showing face at the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscars Party.



	“They were on the patio and in great moods. She had a very happy, giant smile,” a guest at the party tells People. “He was protective of her and she was delightful and glowing — they seemed very happy together and loving the night.”
The 2024 Oscars shone with first-time wins and new romances. Chris Evans and Alba Baptista made their debut as newlyweds, among other fresh celebrity couples, adding a layer of love to Hollywood’s biggest night. https://t.co/LrKbtasm2b
— SheKnows (@SheKnows) March 11, 2024

	Some of Swift’s A-list inner circle were also in attendance, including Lana Del Rey, Zoë Kravitz and Channing Tatum. Her tour mate Sabrina Carpenter and her rumored boyfriend Barry Keoghan, who also recently attended the Eras Tour in Singapore, also showed up after being snapped inside the Vanity Fair Oscar Party.

	The couple, who have been dating since summer 2023 appear to be inseparable since the football season wrapped with the Chiefs monumental Super Bowl win and a source says the pair are enjoying every second. “Taylor is super busy with her tour, but Travis and her are continuing to make things work. He is enjoying his life in the off season while trying to be as supportive as possible of Taylor,” a source told Entertainment Tonight on March 7.

	Swift previously gushed about how much Kelce’s support means to her in a December interview with Time. “When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care…The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone,” she said confidently. “And we’re just proud of each other.” 


Before you go, click here to see all the best arrivals at the 2024 Oscars. 


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.