In another life without Wizards of Waverley Place, you could find her in a cubicle telling you TMI about your co-workers
Hollywood’s awards season kicked off on Sunday night with the Golden Globes. The night’s big winners were Christopher Nolan’s Oppenheimer, the HBO series Succession and people who love mess! In case you missed it, the main Golden Globes drama was Selena Gomez being caught on camera appearing to tell her bestie, Taylor Swift, that Kylie Jenner wouldn’t let her take a picture with her rumoured boyfriend, Timothee Chalamet.
What she said was not entirely confirmed, and for journalistic reasons, I have to point out that it’s been denied on all sides, yada yada. Either way, there was still a bit of hot tea shared between Selena, Taylor, and their third friend, Keleigh Teller, the wife of Miles Teller.
The moment set a certain corner of the internet ablaze because it was just so refreshing to see the biggest stars in the world, just having a little gossip!
For those not aware, here is a clip of Selena – who was nominated for Only Murders In the Building – dropping something spicy, widely believed to be about Kylie, in Taylor’s lap at the Golden Globes.
I’m obsessed with this clip of Selena Gomez gagging Taylor with whatever tea she just spilled  pic.twitter.com/v4Bfhwk2o0
— chris evans (@notcapnamerica) January 8, 2024
Much was made about how Selena Gomez reminded them of your office gossip, the one who hawks around the kitchen or lingers at her desk, perhaps reception waiting to pounce and stick her oar in your personal crisis. She probably works in HR or something clerical. Maybe accounts. Who knows.
She’ll get involved in your personal life, boss you around, but then reward you by gifting you the most salacious bit of intel about the company CEO, something she gleamed from being generally everywhere. Like how he’s going through a divorce and his kids not speaking to him.
selena would thrive in an office… she would be parked by the espresso machine… pic.twitter.com/wQs6ep9S3Y
— aram (@aramnotagoat) January 8, 2024
https://twitter.com/BeeBabs/status/1744469971600551982
Some pointed out other infamous office gossips from television history like Mindy Kaling’s star turn as Kelly Kapoor in the US Office.
She would be the Kelly Kapoor of the Office lmaoo https://t.co/Mh6LGIAvfN pic.twitter.com/wfzVVEy4fY
— everybody hates Chris..tina (@queendabss) January 8, 2024
There was a lot of appreciation for the theatre of the clip and how it managed to be done so theatrically despite the trio clearly forgetting they were being broadcast to millions. I’m sure there’s something about the beastily and oppressive nature of fame in there, but not now…
I'd definitely be popping by her cubicle for an afternoon chat honey 
That nod is premium grade "You didn't hear it from me, but…" https://t.co/yKy6at5LfI
— star•gyal (@beequammie) January 8, 2024
Some people focused on the blocking and gestures of the actual clip, while others were more focused on the central drama of the wider story, which recently came to a head in March last year. Kylie is good friends with Hailey Bieber, the now-wife of Selena’s ex-boyfriend and pop superstar Justin Bieber, and the pair seemed to mock Selena for her eyebrows after she had “accidentally laminated her eyebrows too much”.
It ended with Selena – who is one of the world’s most-followed people on various social media platforms – liking TikToks that dubbed the duo “mean girls” and a stan war breaking out. Part of the peace deal brokered between the former pals was Hailey losing one million Instagram followers, a price probably not paid gladly.
Anyway, some other people were zoning in that part of the drama and making quips about how they imagined Selena’s out-of-scene request for a snap with Timothee, who she co-starred with on the 2019 Woody Allen flick A Rainy Day.
Kylie Jenner about to tell Selena Gomez she can’t take a photo with Timothee Chalamet pic.twitter.com/oOr1WtiTcx
— Sexy Unique Podcast (@sexyuniquepod) January 9, 2024
kylie jenner when selena gomez approached her and timothee:  pic.twitter.com/twuo8CbwQx
— haleigh (@swifts_latte) January 8, 2024
Selena and Timothee even share a kiss in the movie and reunited to urge their joint fanbase to vote during the last 2020 presidential election.
This is how Kylie Jenner was when Selena Gomez was trying to get a pic with Timmy Tim pic.twitter.com/HEi4C2940d
— ✨Lei Lei✨ (@leiileiijaee203) January 9, 2024
Kylie is said to have first gotten together with Timothee over the summer. Doubt was cast over the genuineness of their relationship, with many believing it was mastermined by her momager Kris Jenner after she split from Travis Scott, the father of her two little ones Stormi and Aire.
However, criticism like this was pushed aside (by some) after they made their debut as a couple at one of the LA stops of Beyonce’s Renaissance tour. Timothee and Kylie were more interested in each other than the hottest ticket in town.
Selena Gomez: Hey Timothee can we take a ph-
Kylie Jenner:  pic.twitter.com/saOL7sZoY3
— Isabella (@FutureReckless) January 8, 2024
selena gomez telling taylor swift that kylie jenner wouldnt let her take a picture with timothee chalamet at the #goldenglobes pic.twitter.com/YwbPEe17zz
— Manic Pixie Gut Problems (@talkalot_360) January 9, 2024
https://twitter.com/galleryofrina/status/1744547794332123336
Me researching the Selena Gomez and Kylie Jenner #GoldenGlobes drama like pic.twitter.com/Ql8uvq0RW9
— Joey Nemati (@joeynemati) January 8, 2024
God knows what the issue would have been! It can’t be as romantic as Selena is happily with her new boyfriend, Benny Blanco……who she posted all over her Instagram.
Who knows! We love seeing that stars are just like us… desperate to spill the tea!
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco. pic.twitter.com/uMCwn0IWFC
— Selena Gomez News (@OfficialSGnews) January 9, 2024
• All the best dressed celebs from the red carpet at the Golden Globes 2024
• From Barbie to The Bear: Here are all the winners at the Golden Globes 2024
•Guys, Timothee Chalamet and Kylie Jenner hard launched at the 2024 Golden Globes
Photo credit via The Golden Globes
Win £20 to spend at some of the UK's biggest retailers 
What greater joy is there than a bit of cheap retail therapy?
Lancaster has 84.5 points to York’s 45.5
Hailee really was living the dream
Surely one of these shows will fill the Joel shaped void in your lives
The inspiration behind his x-rated name is so wholesome 
This season well and truly belonged to them
‘If you are for this Supreme Court ruling you cannot call yourself an intersectional feminist’
One is going on ski holidays
Lancaster University Professor joins Michael Portillo’s BBC series to discuss Lakeland Poets 
The earthquake took place near the M6 on the 16th April
What greater joy is there than a bit of cheap retail therapy?
Lancaster has 84.5 points to York’s 45.5
Hailee really was living the dream
Surely one of these shows will fill the Joel shaped void in your lives
The inspiration behind his x-rated name is so wholesome 
This season well and truly belonged to them
‘If you are for this Supreme Court ruling you cannot call yourself an intersectional feminist’
One is going on ski holidays
Lancaster University Professor joins Michael Portillo’s BBC series to discuss Lakeland Poets 
The earthquake took place near the M6 on the 16th April
Entertainment | Harrison Brocklehurst
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Charl Wright
Trends | Kieran Galpin
Entertainment | Claudia Cox
Entertainment | Ellissa Bain
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Hayley Soen