Disney Plus is jam-packed with great entertainment like Frozen, Star Wars and Marvel. We're taking a look at the very best Disney Plus offers to help you bag a bargain.
Our complete guide to the best Disney Plus offers is the perfect tool to help you grab a top-notch streaming subscription without breaking the bank.
Since coming to the UK in March 2020, Disney Plus has attracted a huge audience and offered some amazing entertainment. Now, there are great ways for you to sign-up and stream content for less.
From the newly-released Flintoff documentary to the finale of Daredevil: Born Again, the platform offers a huge range of content to stream, plus older favourites like Modern Family, The Walking Dead and How I Met Your Mother, the best Disney Plus shows are diverse and cover a wide variety of themes and genres.
Recently, Disney Plus increased their subscription prices, so here's the top Disney Plus deals and offers for this month. There's a method to get 12 months for free if you're looking to get a new smartphone, a way to grab a free six months of Disney Plus with an O2 SIM, and even the chance to bag a free Disney Plus subscription on your existing Samsung smartphone.
Here's everything you need to know on how to grab a discounted Disney Plus UK subscription for your streaming device or smart TV.
Looking for more savings on streaming services? Here are the best TNT Sports deals and the best Virgin Media offers, plus, the best Netflix offers UK. 
Are you wondering: can you gift Disney Plus? Well, our handy guide will tell you! 
Jump to:
What's the deal: Simply grabbing the Disney Plus annual pass sees subscribers make a significant saving. If you pay the Standard plan price of £8.99 a month that adds up to £107.88 for the year but purchasing the annual subscription costs just £89.90 — that's a 16% saving.
If you go for the Premium plan, that will add up to £155.88, but purchasing an annual Premium subscription costs just 129.90, also saving you 16%.
Why we chose it: If you know you're likely to stick with your subscription for at least a year, this is a great option for you.
Disney Plus annual pass | £107.88 £89.90 (save £17.98 or 16%) or £155.88 £129.90 (save £25.98 or 16%)
Do you enjoy reading? Then take a look at how to read Jenny Han books in order, like The Summer I Turned Pretty, plus fantasy author Rebecca Yarros's books in order. 
What's the deal: This Disney Plus deal is perfect for those of you who are existing O2 customers; add the Disney Plus Premium plan as an Extra to your current plan via My O2, and they will take £2 a month off your bill.
Why we chose it: If you're an existing O2 customer, this is a great way to save on a Disney Plus subscription. Sign up to Disney Plus to claim the offer. Or, if you're already a Disney Plus user, simply add it as an 'Extra' on your Standard plan. You'll be able to claim £2 off each month for six months.
Disney Plus for existing O2 customers | £8.99 £6.99 per month (save £2 or 25%)
What's the deal: Looking for the perfect gift for a Disney-obsessed pal? Whether they're a big Star Wars, Marvel or Disney classics fan, they're sure to get a lot out of this Premium subscription.
The same savings on the annual subscription can be made on a Disney+ gift card, making it easy to gift the platform's amazing range of entertainment.
Why we chose it: This is a thoughtful gift, and one that's easy to match with the interests of a close friend or relative.
It's also worth noting that you can buy a Disney Plus gift card in varying amounts from £15 to £200.
Disney Plus Premium gift card | £155.88 £129.90 (save £25.98 or 16%)
Have you heard you can get your hands on 2:22 A Ghost Story UK tour tickets?
What's the deal: If you're a Volt customer, i.e. a Virgin Media broadband and O2 Pay Monthly phone contract user, you can select an Extra reward for up to six months, one of which is a Disney Plus subscription.
Why we chose it: With Disney Plus usually costing you between £4.99 and £12.99 per month depending on your plan, this is an excellent saving.
Get six months' free Disney Plus with Volt at Virgin Media
What's the deal: Virgin Media's all-in-one streaming TV box, Stream, lets you store every app, channel, and streaming subscription in one place, so it's super simple to find them.
If you subscribe to Disney Plus through Stream, you'll get 10% credit applied to your monthly broadband bill. So although you're not saving money off the £8.99 Disney Plus monthly Standard subscription fee, you're saving money overall and that's what matters.
Why we chose it: Stream is available at no extra cost to Virgin Media broadband users, just one £35 activation fee, so it's perfect for Virgin Media customers. Plus, if you need to cancel, then re-subscribe to Disney Plus, Stream makes this straightforward, too.
If you're planning on switching to Virgin Media broadband, prices start from £30.99 per month for a 24-month contract, and there's currently no set-up fee.
10% credit on Virgin Media broadband | starting from £30.99 a month
What's the deal: Tesco Clubcard holders can turn £13.50 into £27 with Clubcard vouchers to purchase three months of Disney Plus Standard.
Why we chose it: This is a fantastically low price for three months of Disney Plus Standard and will no doubt be popular with Tesco Clubcard users.
Shop the Tesco Clubcard Disney Plus Standard offer
What's the deal: The RadioTimes.com Technology newsletter will arrive in your inbox at 5pm every other Wednesday.
In the newsletter you'll find top guides, such as the best smartphones for older people, the latest release date pages, like the Google Pixel 9a release date article, and the hottest deals, like these Disney Plus ones, so you can bag a bargain on devices, subscriptions, and more. Plus, we explain the top subscription services to you, such as what is Crunchyroll?
Why we chose it: The Technology team always keep an ear to the ground for the latest deals. However, if you don't keep up to date with a particular site, a newsletter is a brilliant way to ensure you to miss out on the latest news as it's reliable and selective with its content.
Sign-up to the RadioTimes.com Technology newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest reviews, insights and offers, covering everything from TVs to new gaming tech.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Speaking of new technology releases, be sure to check out our Samsung Galaxy S25 release date page and Samsung Galaxy S25 deals.
Plus, here's everything we know about the Nintendo Switch 2 stock, Nintendo Switch 2 release date, and Nintendo Switch 2 deals.
What's the deal: Tesco Clubcard holders can turn £7.50 into £15 with Clubcard vouchers to snag a Disney Plus Standard with Ads subscription for three months.
Why we chose it: The new Disney Plus Standard with Ads was introduced to help you save, and this Tesco Clubcard deal helps you save even further.
Get three months of Disney Plus Standard with Ads for £7.50 at Tesco
When Disney Plus first launched in the UK in March 2020, it came with a free trial. This was for new subscribers in the UK, and it came from Disney itself. Sadly, however, that free trial ended after a couple of months in mid-2020.
The RadioTimes.com team have put together this guide, though, to help you bag a Disney Plus subscription for free as part of a bundle or for less.
Sign up to Disney Plus from £4.99 per month at Disney Plus
Unfortunately, when it comes to Disney Plus bundles, the UK market is poorly served.
US customers can pay $13.99 a month for an expanded subscription which also includes ESPN+ and Hulu ($13.99 with adverts or $19.99 without).
This isn't available in the UK right now, but we wouldn't be surprised to see some sort of similar bundle land soon. We'll update this page with the latest offerings when it does.
This is a commonly asked question and unfortunately, the answer is no.
Previously, Amazon has offered US customers six months of Disney Plus if they signed up for Amazon Music Unlimited.
However, if you have an Amazon Prime Video subscription – or are considering one – and want to watch Disney content, there are some great Disney films on there. The likes of Black Widow, Luca, Turning Red, and Lilo & Stitch are all available to buy or rent via Amazon Prime Video.
Sign up for free 30-day Amazon Prime Video trial
Love a bargain? Check out the best Audible deals, best Amazon Echo deals, Amazon Prime offers and the best Kindle deals.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!