The road to Super Bowl 59 doesn't begin in Week 11. It begins on March 11; the day teams and available free agents are permitted to work out multi-million dollar contracts.
The legal tampering period covers the 52 hours before the official start of 2024's free agency. Then, on March 13 at 4 p.m. ET, those deals can become official.
This year's crop of available veterans is loaded with talent -- particularly at safety, center and along the defensive line. A record $255.4 million salary cap has created an ecosystem in which players hitting the market this spring are due for massive raises. Some of that money, however, will be better spent by some franchises than others.
Terms: Three years, $64.5 million
Seattle acquired Williams mid-season in hopes of fixing a foundering defense. This failed to happen and the Seahawks finished 2023 ranked 30th in both yards allowed in overall efficiency.
That didn't make much sense given the young talent on the team, so new head coach Mike Macdonald has opted to run it back -- at least as much as he can after jettisoning Jamal Adams and Quandre Diggs from the secondary. Williams has double-digit sack upside but has mostly been merely "OK" as a finisher on the interior. What he does best is chase quarterbacks into other people's arms, as his 20-plus pressures each of the last five seasons can attest.
That leaves him as a good-not-great interior lineman -- think Pro Bowl caliber -- making good-not-great money. Seattle kept the 30-year-old for less than it cost the Commanders to retain Daron Payne, which feels like proper value. It's just tough to get too excited when the Seahawks were so clearly less than the sum of their parts last season. Fortunately, if anyone can help it's the former Ravens defensive coordinator who coached Baltimore's guys to the brink of their potential the last two years.
Grade: B
Terms: Three years, $57 million ($38 million guaranteed)
The Patriots held on to the best blocker amidst a troubled offensive line and, importantly, one of the most versatile young pocket protectors in the game. Onwenu made an immediate impact under Bill Belichick after being drafted in the sixth round back in 2020. Now he'll be a vital holdover as the franchise shifts into Jerod Mayo mode.
$19 million annually is a hefty price tag, but it's not the market-resetting number it could have been and is significantly less than the five years and $100 million Robert Hunt got to toil in Carolina. Onwenu is capable of filling a void at tackle, but he's best utilized at guard, where he, Cole Strange and Sidy Sow could make up an intriguing, high-potential rotation.
That versatility and his familiarity with the offense are both huge pluses that further validate the signing. New England came into 2024 with a boatload of cap space. So far that money's mostly been spent retaining players from a four-win team which, oof. But hanging onto Onwenu, Kyle Dugger, Kendrick Bourne and Hunter Henry isn't nearly as bad a start as that last sentence suggests. The Patriots are rebuilding, sure, but they're keeping talented players to bolster their rise.
Grade: A
Terms: Two years, up to $11,430,000
Does Austin Ekeler still have the chops to be an effective starting running back? Washington is betting yes, but it's reasonable to be concerned after a terrible 2023.
Ekeler, in his age 28 season, ran for a career worst 3.5 yards per carry. Part of that was thanks to an offensive line who cleared just 1.8 yards before contact every time he touched the ball, but his 1.7 yards after contact and his -48 rush yards over expected (RYOE) were both career lows that suggest a below-average runner.
Fortunately, he doesn't have to be a workhorse on the ground. The Commanders can hand that role to Brian Robinson and keep Ekeler around for his receiving chops. Even in a down year he still had 51 catches for 436 yards, proving an invaluable safety valve behind the line of scrimmage while averaging more than 10 yards after catch per reception.
That's going to be a big deal for a team breaking in whichever quarterback it selects with the second overall pick. Ekeler isn't headed to the nation's capital to be a workhorse. He's going to take on a supporting role at a moderate cost and make life easier for everyone. After a trying 2023 -- and a trying two decades under the yoke of garbage human being Dan Snyder -- that's the kind of small step forward the franchise needs.
Grade: B
The trade:
Terms: Five years, up to $150 million ($87.5 million guaranteed)
The Giants had to pay big to give Kayvon Thibodeaux a pocket-smashing running mate. But the actual trade considerations New York shipped south were relatively minor. Carolina reportedly had an offer of two first round picks for Burns leading up to last year's trade deadline. Instead the Panthers settled for Day 2 and 3 selections, which is an objective disappointment for a team in dire need of talent.
Carolina has now lost its top two defensive free agents (see: Frankie Luvu) and two of its best players period. There's a very real chance 2024 is another bottoming out here, but at least this time they won't have to ship their first round pick to the Chicago Bears. Sure, I guess that's a silver lining.
Burns' $30 million in annual compensation, assuming he hits his incentives, is a big price but still $4 million less than what the San Francisco 49ers will pay Nick Bosa each year. It was a logical payment for a 25 year old edge rusher with 46 sacks in his first five seasons and the capacity to asbolutely explode in a more talented defensive front with the Giants. New York's offense may be a mess as Brian Daboll engineers what may be the final year of the Daniel Jones experiment. Fortunately, he'll have the defensive talent to at least mitigate that liability.
Grade (Giants): B+
Grade (Panthers): F
Terms: Two years, up to $25 million
Smith was written off by the Green Bay Packers two years ago as a cap casualty. In the two seasons since he's played 32 games, totalled 15.5 sacks and 44 quarterback hits.
Now he gets to continue thriving alongside Myles Garrett, crashing pockets like two colliding semi trucks barrelling over a dirt road. Smith's 5.5 sacks last season don't tell his whole story, as his 20 QB hits and 29 pressures were both a top 30 numbers. That leaves the Browns' dominant defense in possession of a Pro Bowl caliber edge rusher who's getting paid slightly less than his station suggests (a $12.5 million annual salary would rank 32nd in the NFL).
That's a solid deal, even if a production decline may be looming as he nears his mid-30s.
Grade: B
Terms: Three years, up to $36 million ($19.75 million guaranteed)
Luvu was the best off-ball linebacker available on this year's market and the Commanders got him for $3 million less per year than the Jaguars are paying Foyesade Oluokun. Now he'll step into a lineup where the only returning linebacker on the two-deep may be Jamin Davis, providing a perfect fit of need-meets-talent for a team that may turn its fortunes around faster than anyone expected.
Luvu had 12.5 sacks and 29 quarterback hits the last two seasons. He allowed only 60 percent of his targets to be caught over the middle, allowing just 5.8 yards per target over that stretch. He may not be an All-Pro, but he's a capable, reliable starter at a reasonable price. It's another solid move for a franchise that isn't breaking the bank but *is* getting demonstrably better this offseason.
Grade: B+
Terms: Three years, $30.1 million ($19.75 million guaranteed)
Jones was quietly very good for a great Bears defense -- that unit ranked third in defensive efficiency over the back half of the season. The 315-pound tackle was useful in both facets of the game. He had 22 tackles for loss the last two years, but in 2023 his pass rushing chops manifested into 4.5 sacks and 17 quarterback hits.
That's exactly the kind of beef the Cardinals need up front. Arizona's 17.1 percent pressure rate was second-worst in the NFL. The team's 4.7 yards allowed per carry were fourth-worst. This defense was a disaster and needs a comprehensive overhaul. Beginning with a rock solid, undervalued veteran like Stewart is a wonderful place to begin.
Then consider Grover Stewart, three years older than Jones, got $39 million over three years. Well, dang. I lowkey love this move.
Grade: A+
Terms: Two years, $15 million
The Bengals didn't "need" need a safety. Dax Hill and Jordan Battle are both recent early draft picks who could have held down starting roles in the secondary with reasonable room for growth and veteran Nick Scott to back them up.
But none of those guys were especially good last season, all contributing to a secondary whose 91.4 passer rating allowed was 20th-best in the NFL. Stone is a gamble with just a single season where he's played more than 41 percent of his team's defensive snaps to his credit, but he's an explosive talent who responded when picked on last year. His seven interceptions ranked second in the NFL and he allowed just a 63.8 passer rating when targeted.
He may fall off. But he might not. And $7.5 million annually is a reasonable price to pay for that gamble, especially when the Green Bay Packers are paying Xavier McKinney $17 million per year. Stone is a low cost acquisition who won't make a meaningful dent in Cincinnati's payroll, improving the roster without hurting the team's capability to bring Tee Higgins back into the fold. That's a win/win scenario, even if Stone's 2023 performance is an outlier.
Grade: A+
Terms: Two years, $25 million ($15 million guaranteed)
Minshew isn't a long term solution behind center, but he is *a* solution, which is what the Raiders badly needed with only Aidan O'Connell and Anthony Brown under contract at quarterback for 2024. He can slide into the starting lineup and provide below average to average play for a team that rallied to a 5-4 finish under Antonio Pierce despite some of the worst quarterbacking in the league.
That's a big deal! Minshew can be a viable starter or a high-value backup, keeping Las Vegas' options open going forward. His 0.033 expected points added (EPA) per play ranked 22nd among 41 passers to play at least 200 snaps, putting him right in the middle of a fleshy bell curve.
Of course, that all relies heavily on his usage and whether or not Vegas can glean the same kind of efficiency Shane Steichen did while covering up the journeyman's myriad warts. That's worth $12.5 million per year for a team that couldn't land Kirk Cousins and who lacks the draft capital to select a can't-miss prospect.
Grade: B
Terms: Three years, $39 million
While Chris Jones and Christian Wilkins were busy resetting the defensive tackle market, the Colts kept a key piece of their interior lineup intact by re-signing Stewart. Big Grove has spent the last five seasons as a reliable starter up front, but has only recently added some pass rushing chops to his repertoire (15 quarterback hits in 2022-23).
$13 million per year is a decent outlay for a player on the wrong side of 30, but even if Stewart's skills decline he's a useful space-eater in the middle of the line. He's a foundation from which young pass rushers like Kwity Paye and Dayo Odeyingbo can build. That makes him a reasonable investment.
Grade: B-
Terms: Four years, $68 million
The Packers had a glaring need in the middle of their secondary and cash to burn after saving more than $26 million by cutting Bakhtiari and Jones. While the vibes don't feel right, you can't argue with the logic behind the move. Green Bay was torched over the middle of the field in stretches last season and lost Darnell Savage in free agency earlier in the day.
McKinney is an upgrade with All-Pro potential in the middle of the field. He can play in the box or over the top, creating flexibility for whatever the Packers opt for to fill the other safety role. Ideally, he'll be the guy who roams center field, particularly after a season in which he knocked down 11 passes, intercepted three more and allowed just a 69.8 passer rating when targeted.
The question now is whether Green Bay overpaid amidst a loaded market of young safety help. McKinney was arguably the best option available, but $17 million annually pays him like a top five player at the position. He's not quite there yet, but an ever-expanding cap and his young age (24 years old) gives this deal the opportunity to age gracefully. He's the exact fit the Packers needed and a useful way to spend the money freed up by saying goodbye to old friends.
Grade: B+
Terms:
Brian Flores' Vikings defense blitzed a ridiculous 51.5 percent of its snaps last season, by far the most in the league. But that unit only produced pressure 21.9 percent of the time; 15th-best in the NFL.
That made boosting the team's edge rush a priority, especially with reigning sack king Danielle Hunter a free agent. Greenard scratches that itch. The 26-year-old led the Houston Texans with 12.5 sacks last year, following up on a solid 2021 after his 2022 season was marred by injury.
Greenard thrived, in part, because Will Anderson came alive to win last year's defensive rookie of the year award. While the former No. 3 overall pick had only 7.5 sacks, he had as many pressures and quarterback hits as the newest Viking and had more hurries and QB knockdowns. This leaves a very real chance Greenard could regress without a dynamic, chaos-creating edge rusher opposite him.
Minnesota doesn't have that. Hunter and DJ Wonnum are both free agents. Signing Greenard fills one hole, but lining up another impact outside linebacker is now a priority. Only then will we know how good this signing is.
Update: The other shoe dropped when the VIkings signed Van Ginkel later on Monday. That's a move that makes a lot of sense and, at $10 million annually, isn't financially suffocating. Van Ginkel is a high motor linebacker coming off a 19 quarterback hit, 20 pressure 2023 season. He's not Anderson, but he's a capable starter who can push passers into Greenard's path or clean up the mess his new running mate leaves behind. This is a solid pairing for Minnesota.
Grade: A-
Terms: Five years, $100 million ($63 million guaranteed)
Is that a lot of money for an interior lineman? Yep! Is Hunt worth it? Hell yes.
The Panthers were a disaster last season, and while there were deficiencies across the lineup the most glaring problem was the blocking that allowed Bryce Young to be sacked on more than 10 percent of his dropbacks and the run game to average a bottom 10 2.2 yards before contact on handoffs. Hunt won't fix those problems on his own, but he's rock solid reliable and coming from a Miami Dolphins line that paved the way for the league's most efficient rushing offense while keeping Tua Tagovailoa healthy.
$20 million annually is a big outlay, but Hunt is now one of guards to make at least that number annually. That leaves the capacity for this deal to look like a bargain in 2027 as the salary cap balloons and the 27-year-old continues to clear space. Carolina has a lot of problems to fix; landing Hunt is a great first step down a long and treacherous road.
Grade: A
Terms: Three years, up to $46.75 million ($26 million guaranteed)
The Eagles were able to turn D'Andre Swift into a workhorse-ish running back last season. Now they get an actual workhorse while taking a jackhammer to the foundation of the New York Giants' 2022 playoff run.
Barkley has averaged 200 carries per season as a pro and had 542 the last two seasons. While his production dipped in 2023 (3.9 yards per carry), his 2.0 yards after contact per handoff were his highest since 2019. His 0.39 rush yards over expected (RYOE) per carry tied for 12th best in the NFL alongside Bijan Robinson. He's still capable of being a productive RB1, even in his age 27 through 29 seasons.
That said, this is a lot of money for a running back in a landscape where Swift and Tony Pollard were only getting about $8 million annually. Barkley's base salary will clock in around $12 million, which is a message unto itself. After getting pilloried by fans for abandoning the ground game last fall, head coach Nick Sirianni has the horses to smother opponents with handoffs once more. Of course, whether or not he uses them is a different story.
Grade: B
Terms: Four years, $180 million ($100 million guaranteed)
Cousins is a prism. He refracts the light of football depending on the angle through which you're staring at him.
In terms of regular season quarterbacks, he's an above average starter who brings a couple wins worth of value behind center. His 2022 Vikings were fraudlent, sure, but he still managed a ridiculous eight fourth quarter comebacks last season. He lost to Daniel Jones in the playoffs that year, but he's been solid otherwise in the postseason thanks to a 100.0 passer rating with Minnesota.
On the other hand, he's the guy who's never been beyond the Divisional Round. He's very good at coming through when it doesn't matter and still finds ways to botch opportunities near the end zone. He is coming off an Achilles tear but now has a contract that will take him into his 39th birthday. He's never been the tipping point between good and great.
Still, the Falcons needed credibility. That's true for generally any season since the franchise's inception, but particularly after failed experiments prevented the team from claiming a winnable NFC South each of the last two seasons. Kyle Pitts, Bijan Robinson and Drake London remain in the lineup, which was the football equivalent of fueling a fleet of Ferraris with Coors Light while Desmond Ridder and Taylor Heinicke struggled through games.
Cousins is a credible quarterback. He gets an offense capable of providing him the same caliber artillery the Vikings did in 2023. He should be able to pilot this team back to the postseason.
After that, bets are off. And at $45 million annually, Atlanta would probably like a little bit more of a guarantee when it comes to its investment.
Grade: B-
Terms: Four years, $48 million
Well, there's something few of us expected. The Packers were reportedly in the running back market with Aaron Jones entering his age 30 season and AJ Dillon a free agent. But rather than handle things the way most of the team's low key offensive additions have been made, they went out and landed the 2022 NFL rushing leader.
Jacobs didn't return to that form in 2023. His 3.5 yards per carry were a career worst. His -86 rushing yards over expected (RYOE) were fifth-worst in the NFL last season. Injuries sapped his effectiveness and eventually ushered him out of Las Vegas.
That's the risk Green Bay is taking. The 2023 version of Jacobs stunk. He was a high usage, low efficiency back who was above average in only two games last year. But the 2022 version of Jacobs was a relevation capable of an All-Pro season even as Josh McDaniels was spamming the "Ask Corso" button on his playbook.
Jacobs is only 26 years old, so there's reason to believe he can bounce back. He's also got more than 1,300 carries to his name, which is roughly double the mileage of D'Andre Swift or Tony Pollard. Bringing him north to pair with Jones suggest his days of 20 carries per game are over. We'll see how that affects his production.
Releasing David Bakhtiari, as painful as it may be, cleared up nearly $21 million in spending room. It's unclear how much of that will go to Jacobs, but it's a reasonable gamble to make. The Packers' running backs are the adults in the room of a rising offense. Bringing in another steady contributor makes sense, even if Jacobs can't reclaim his 2022 form.
Update: Jones was released soon after news of Jacobs' signing broke. Terrible vibes there. Jones was 29 years old but his yards after contact hovered in the solid 2.2 to 2.3 per carry each of the last three seasons. Jacobs hit 2.4 in his breakout year and dropped to 1.5 last season. Maybe Jones is approaching a cliff. But letting him go feels like a mistake.
Ooof, and four years, $48 million for Jacobs has a distinct possibility of ending in heartbreak. That effectively boils down to one expensive year, but it's still a big risk on a player who should have been a buy-low situation
Nope, still don't like it.
Grade: C-
Terms: Three years, $51.1 million
Fletcher Cox retired. Brandon Graham came back, but he'll be 36 years old soon. The Eagles are retooling their pass rush, and signing Bryce Huff will make him one of the team’s new starters off the edge.
His 10-sack breakout season probably doesn’t happen without the unreal talent around him on the New York Jets defensive line, so joining an Eagles team that also has plenty to work with up front was a smart move for Huff so he won’t have to go at it alone. Philadelphia might trade Josh Sweat and/or Haason Reddick sometime this offseason, so signing Huff was a nice move should one of those transactions occur.
It’s a lofty contract for a breakout season, but pass rushers are hard to find. It’s a good move for both sides.
Grade: A-
Terms:
The Commanders entered the legal tampering period with more salary cap space than anyone -- an estimated $91 million. But their first moves weren't splashy, headline-worthy signings. They covered an interior lineman and a rotational defensive end.
Armstrong and Biadasz aren't rock stars. They're guys who do their jobs very well, but slightly anonymously. For an offensive lineman, that's about as high of praise as you'll get. Biadasz can clear space in the running game and provide whichever quarterback Washington selects at No. 2 the room to step up in the pocket.
Armstrong failed to develop into a full-time beast in Dallas, but he's been incredibly useful in a timeshare. He played less than 50 percent of the Cowboys defensive snaps each of the last two seasons but still tallied 16 sacks, 28 quarterback hits and 33 pressures in that span.
The Commanders aren't one superstar away from contention. They've got holes to fill just about everywhere. Signing Biadasz and Armstrong fills two of them with reliable, moderate cost veterans that preserve the team's flexibility going forward.
Grade: A
Terms: Four years, $110 million ($84.75 million guaranteed)
Maxx Crosby didn't will the Raiders to their first top 10 scoring defense since 2002 on his own. But sometimes it felt that way.
Las Vegas's world-eating edge rusher has long been the most recognizable name along his defense, suffering a myriad of double-teams as a result. Now he's got someone capable of relieving that pressure. Wilkins is coming off a nine sack season that, sure, nearly doubled his career total after five years in the pros. But he's more than just a pass rusher in the middle of the line; he's a lane-filling, multiple-blocker commanding detour around which opposing coordinators must plan.
The Raiders paid up because they had to. Head coach Antonio Pierce is a nice selling point -- a former player whose team respects him -- but the fact remains Las Vegas has fielded just one above average defense in the past two decades and hasn't won a playoff game since Total Request Live was still a thing. In a marketplace where Chris Jones could get $158 million in overall contract value, Wilkins was set to break the bank.
That prohibitive price tag dings the grade a little bit. But only slightly. This is what the Raiders needed; if Wilkins can be the same guy he was in Miami, he can make Vegas a playoff team.
Grade: A-
Terms: Three years, $39 million (with incentives that could grow to $50 million)
Davis is a frustrating player but a useful one. The Bills were unable to develop him into a proper WR2 in his four seasons with the team. While he put up nearly 1,600 yards and 14 touchdowns in his final two seasons in Buffalo, he was unable to be the escape hatch Josh Allen could utilize when opponents bore down on Stefon Diggs in the playoffs, ultimately derailing the team's Super Bowl hopes each winter.
Now Davis heads to an offense where he'll be part of a chorus rather than a featured act. Calvin Ridley may be gone (the team says he remains a priority. We'll see), but Christian Kirk and Zay Jones remain alongside Evan Engram, who has always been a receiver first and a blocker second at tight end. The fifth-year pro is more of a deep threat than Ridley was in 2023 (average yards before catch of 12.6 vs. Ridley's 10.8) and can clear space with Jones to help Kirk and Engram thrive in the intermediate range.
Davis's 750-ish yards per season weren't enough in Buffalo. But they could be vital in Jacksonville's revival where depth plays a larger role in the passing game than star power.
Grade: B
Terms: Three years, $24 million
If you had to explain to a stranger in the spring of 2023 that Pollard and D'Andre Swift were set to sign extremely similar free agent deals in 2024, they'd probably assume something awful happened to Pollard. That's not quite true, but his franchise-tagged year in Dallas didn't go the way anyone had quite hoped.
Pollard recorded career worsts of 4.0 yards per carry and 2.0 yards after contact per handoff as he struggled to take the reins following Ezekiel Elliott's departure. This was evidence he wasn't quite made for a bellwether RB1 role. Now he lands with the one team that's used a bellwether RB1 more than anyone in the NFL the last eight years.
But Pollard looks better at this price than Swift does in Chicago. He's only got an extra 200 carries on his resume and, despite 2023's broken leg, has the cleaner injury history. He handled a heavy workload in Dallas last season and produced consistently, if not overwhelmingly, each week. He maintains the capacity to bounce back from a disappointing season that was, all in all, not especially bad. You can make the case he actually got better as his miles piled up:
He'll need help. Pollard's efficacy has waned in both the running and receiving games without a steady running mate in the backfield. The Titans can bolster him with Tyjae Spears, which is a big help. Still, it'd make sense for Tennessee to add another talented runner either in free agency or at this year's draft.
Grade: B
Terms: Three years, $24.5 million ($15.3 million guaranteed)
The first domino to fall after the free agent tampering period opened was a running back, but it wasn't Saquon Barkley or Derrick Henry. Instead it was Swift, who reinvented himself as a dynamic -- and reliable -- presence in the Philadelphia Eagles' backfield last season.
He parlayed his first 1,000 rushing yard campaign into a big (for a running back) deal that adds him to the Bears' rebuild. Chicago's run game dipped from 5.4 yards per carry to 4.5 last season as Khalil Herbert and D'Onta Foreman failed to recreate the magic Herbert and David Montgomery made in 2022. Now Herbert gets a new platoon-mate who can gash defenses with lightning runs and add value in the passing game.
However, trusting Swift remains an iffy proposition. The Detroit Lions made him available for a fourth round pick last offseason because injuries and ineffectiveness stunted his growth in Michigan. He thrived behind the Eagles' offensive line last year, but the Bears' rising unit will be the worst he's played behind as a pro. There's a chance he recedes after 2023's high water mark -- one that's allowed him the league's sixth-highest annual paycheck among running backs.
But he's also only 25 years old and has 603 NFL carries on his resume. The Bears are paying him as though he'll only get better. That's a bold choice for a running back, but Chicago had the cash and likely has a rookie quarterback coming to town who'll need all the playmakers he can get. You can see why Swift was the bet.
Grade: C
Terms: Three years, $70 million ($46 million guaranteed)
On one hand, Pittman is coming off a career year. His 109 catches and 1,152 receiving yards were both personal bests. He's a 6-foot-4 ball magnet trending upward and $23.3 million annually is a moderate expense in an offseason where $30-plus million salaries could become a common thread for wide receivers.
On the other, he's not quite a game-changing WR1. He's a short-range safety blanket whose average yards before catch has been under six in three of his four seasons as a pro. His 7.4 yards per target in last year's breakthrough ranked just 72nd among qualified NFL receivers. He's not a knockout punch, but a constant jab designed to wear opposing defenses down.
That's still valuable. Is it $23 million per year valuable? That depends on the rest of the Colts' moves. Pittman is an ideal bail-out option for a young quarterback like Anthony Richardson. But Indianapolis needs to take advantage of his cannon arm by loading up on viable deep threats. Alec Pierce sorta fits that bill, but Josh Downs thrives in the same range Pittman does. Finding someone capable of taking the top off this offense would create space for all those guys to thrive -- and make this signing look even better.
Grade: B
Terms: One year, $1,210,000
Wilson was fine last season. Not great, but not as horrible as he was in 2022. His deep ball is no longer there and he gets caught up in his own scrambling too often, but given the opportunity he can provide average to moderately above average quarterbacking, particularly in the second half of games:
That's vital, because the Steelers haven't even had anyone that good since the waning days of the Ben Roethlisberger era. A diminished Big Ben kept Pittsburgh afloat, leading to the gap years of Kenny Pickett, Mitch Trubisky and Mason Rudolph. Rudolph won games but was unsustainable. Trubisky was mostly a disaster. Pickett wasn't good, but he stepped up in clutch moments with big throws that suggest he could be something more.
Signing Wilson to a one-year bargain deal -- made possible by the $85 million the Broncos are currently eating in dead cap space to prevent him from playing -- won't stunt Pickett's growth. It raises the Steelers' ceilings from 10 wins to ... 10 wins. They'll probably lose in the Wild Card round again, but it will be a closer loss. This is a common sense signing that doesn't move the needle.
But it should be pretty funny once Pittsburgh talk radio gets a hold of all the DangeRuss memes.
Grade: B
Terms: Five years, $158,750,000 ($95 million guaranteed)
In the end, Jones couldn't surpass Aaron Donald's annual salary. So he crushed his overall contract value instead.
The Chiefs' All-Pro defensive tackle signed the richest deal any interior lineman has ever seen, notching nearly $100 million guaranteed in the process. It's a move that will tie up roughly $95 million in 2025 salary cap space between two players in Kansas City; Jones and Patrick Mahomes. Between 10 and 15 percent of next year's budget will go toward that duo.
That's OK! That's ... pretty good, in fact! Jones is a wrecking ball whose impact goes so far beyond the 12-plus sacks he'll put up each of the next three seasons. He had *multiple* instances in wiping touchdowns off the board with his pressure in tight playoff wins last season. He's 30 years old, but he's also massive, which suggests a decline in athleticism won't be catastrophic for a player who beats blockers with more than just speed.
It's a pricy deal. It's a vital one. Without Jones, the Chiefs aren't back-to-back Super Bowl champions.
Grade: A-