By Josh Gardner, proprietor of a library of more than 140,000 memes
HEARD of EastEnders? It’s a television programme from the days before streaming, when TVs were huge because they contained analogue puppets acting out the show. 
Unlike TikToks, they go on for bloody ages and there’s no live comment from other users. Or dancing. And you have to watch it in real time. Call me perverse, but I find that intriguing.
As a cultural voyager, I’m not afraid of old stuff. I’ve got a budding CD collection, I’ve watched not only the US but the original 1960s British version of The Office, and I’ve got a pair of vintage trainers from 2019. I go retro. So I thought I’d check it out.
But unbelievably, and frankly creating a hostile entertainment environment for the young, it’s impossible to watch from the beginning. My mum says it’s because you’re not meant to, but she vividly remembers Sophie Ellis-Bextor the first time round so probably has dementia.
Yes, there are 6,821 episodes to get through as of today, but don’t underestimate my binge-watching powers. Phone on the bus, laptop in bed at night, x1.5, I’d be finished before the final season of Stranger Things.
Abandoning iPlayer, I search around but there are no DVD box-sets promising the whole story, there are no streamers carrying the whole run and there aren’t even Funko Pops of popular characters like Dot Cotton or Albert Square.
So, like any of my generation faced with a challenge, I go online to steal it. Breaking laws to enjoy art for free is edgy and cool and the creators are likely long dead anyway so it’s a victimless crime.
I head for DailyMotion, or as I call it ‘the dark web’, conscious that one wrong click could order me every credit card number in Wales. And I begin my odyssey with episode one, titled Murder In Albert Square, ready to journey through 39 years.
Unfortunately, the episode wasn’t in HD and I got bored instantly. To make things worse the characters were indecipherable like a Shakespeare play and not once did they try to shoehorn in a sponsorship code for NordVPN. In short: it was shit.
Mum says I should watch tonight’s episode because the Eddie Knight trial is really hotting up and it’s so straightforward even a dog could understand it. ‘I’m out,’ I tell her, and settle down to a good solid three-hour stream of a video game. Now that’s entertainment.
Aries, March 21st–April 19th
If your chills are multiplying and you’re losing control, get out of the meat freezer.
Taurus, April 20th–May 20th
Instead of completely shaving Austin Butler for his role in Dune 2, why didn’t they simply hire Matt Lucas?
Gemini, May 21st–June 21st
Evian mineral water endures a 15-year voyage through layer upon layer of glacial rock in the French Alps only to end up in your big, stupid mouth.
Cancer, June 22nd–July 22nd
You got a time of 18.25 seconds in your iron man triathalon. The Iron Man armour helped.
Leo, July 23rd–August 22nd
They say an army marches on its stomach. Wrong. It’s pavement, roads, sometimes grass and other open terrain.
Virgo, August 23rd–September 22nd
Odd Taylor Swift hasn’t got into the perfume market. She must fucking ming.
Libra, September 23rd–October 22nd
Want to impress guests? Simply say ‘they mean Bailey’s’ every time the voiceover of Masterchef calls it ‘Irish cream liqueur’.
Scorpio, October 23rd–November 22nd
Finding your girlfriend in bed with another man was such a cliche that really you dumped her for being unoriginal.
Sagittarius, November 22nd–December 21st
Given his lack of corporeal form and ignorance of how a manual gearbox functions, you will this week regret letting Jesus take the wheel.
Capricorn, December 22nd–January 19th
You make love just like a woman, but you throw just like a little girl.
Aquarius, January 20th–February 18th
There’s now an Oscar for Best Casting. Because persuading famous people to do things in their own interests for shitloads of money deserves recognition.
Pisces, February 19th–March 20th
Do Hindus eat pork? Quick, it’s actually kind of an emergency.