By LYDIA HAWKEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:54, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  18:25, 9 January 2024   
 202
View  comments
He's the indie darling actor with a string of edgy roles under his belt while she's known for Keeping Up With The Kardashians and her sexy Instagram snaps.
And together, Timothee Chalamet, 28, and Kylie Jenner, 26, make one of the most mismatched celebrity couples in Hollywood.
For some fans, their flourishing romance had to be seen to be believed - and during the Golden Globes, the pair certainly delivered with their public displays of affection.
On Sunday night, the A-List couple took a major step in their relationship when they attended the awards ceremony in Beverly Hills, California, together.
The pair - who are rumoured to have started dating in April 2023 - were all over each other during the ceremony and even seen exchanging kisses like a couple of loved-up teenagers.
Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet cemented their status as Hollywood's new A-list power couple as they made their Golden Globes debut on Sunday night 
But while the reality star and award-winning actor certainly looked the part of Hollywood power couple, is their romance strong enough to  go the distance? Or will their flame burn out like other mismatched celebrity couples?
After all, Kylie, 26, spent her adolescence in the public eye thanks to the success of Keeping Up with the Kardashians and her on-off romances with Tyga and Travis Scott, the father of her two  children.
In contrast, the 28-year-old actor, who grew up in New York City, has gone out of his way to keep his private life out of the press - and famously told W magazine in 2018 that he thought 'date' was a scary word.
Here Femail gets the verdict on the future of this unlikely celebrity match from body language and relationship experts. 
According to James, Kylie and Timothee's loved-up displays were a way of getting the public to take their relationship seriously - after previously going to great lengths to conceal the fact they were dating.
The expert explained: 'Best performance of the night at the Golden Globes came from down in the seats, not up there on the silver screen. 
'Timothee and Kylie chose to treat the awards ceremony like a hot date night involving two teenagers, sitting holding hands and whispering sweet nothings, with Timothee planting some pecking kisses on Kylie’s lips, making them both smile. 
Pictured: Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet share a sweet moment during the Golden Globes on Sunday
'Despite sitting in full view of the cameras, Timothee and Kylie pretended to be oblivious and lost to the world in their own intimate moment. Which of course they weren’t. 
'This was clearly a PDA with a purpose, announcing them as a serious couple despite the utter randomness of their careers and the world they exist in as stars.'
However, Judi noted that Timothee will not have 'hopped into the Kardashian circus lightly' and will be aware that it can 'turn your personal life into a soap opera'.
She continued: 'Rock stars and sporting stars tend to share the love of the press interest with the Kardashian clan but Timothee is a very serious and talented actor, a class act in Hollywood and a man who up until the Globes looked like he might prefer to keep his private life a little more under wraps, once describing the word "date" as a "scary word" that can open you up to "being judged".'
Reflecting on the couple's initial more low-key appearances, Judi explained: 'For Kylie’s "Truman Show" lifestyle, though, it’s all about the PDA and this looked obvious during their first high-profile couple of outings together. 
'At the Beyonce concert, Kylie showed her usual elegant skill in terms of creating a photogenic PDA but Timothee’s body language made him look wary of the cameras and unsynchronised with her. 
'Their PDAs at the US Open looked more emphatic but there was still a sense that this was Kylie’s show. Her touch rituals looked more dominant, more press-experienced and more focused on the "love" narrative. 
Together: It's been a busy weekend for the pair, who attended an intimate New York Fashion Week dinner together on Friday
Loved up: The lovebirds shared a tender moment 
Packing it on: Timothee couldn't resist planting a sweet kiss on the cheek 
'She held his face in her hand to share eye attention and she sat with an arm around his shoulders and a hand of ownership on his thigh. Timothee had the look of a man on the brink of throwing himself onto the Kardashian media circus roundabout but who still had one eye on the exit.'
In contrast, Judi said Timothee was 'saddled up and ready for the ride' at the Golden Globes.
The body language expert said: 'The extended eye contact, his puppy-like signals of adoration as the cameras came round and the way he instigated the kisses suggested he is now happy to announce that he is in. 
'The prestigious, A-list event also looked like somewhere you’d take a date you were proud of. There can be a whole world of snobbery between trained actors and reality stars but Timothee seemed to make it clear that it doesn’t apply to him.'
Suggesting that the tables may have turned in their relationship, Judi said Kylie's body language 'did seem to hint that she was feeling slightly out of her depth in the rarefied air of Hollywood royalty'.
She explained: 'Kylie's pose was unusually scrunched at times as she leaned forward with her hands clasped in her lap in a display of self-diminishing, especially when Timothee chatted to other actors. She still had a tendency to place one hand on his thigh in a gesture of ownership while they were chatting. 
'He tended to remain in his seat as they came to talk, which could also imply a reluctance to abandon Kylie for one moment. The couple used exclusivity rituals that might even have made it hard to interrupt their intimate discussions. The look was that Kylie is happy to keep Timothee to herself, even fingering his jacket and necklace and, here at least, he looked happy to comply.'
However, the expert said that the pressure may become overwhelming for Timothee if the relationship progresses long-term as they have such different backgrounds and careers.
According to body language expert Judi James, Kylie Jenner 'did seem to hint that she was feeling slightly out of her depth in the rarefied air of Hollywood royalty'. The couple are seen speaking with actress Julia Gardner
The couple, who were seen packing on the PDA during a commercial break, have been dating since around January last year, with their love being confirmed in April
Mother-of-two Kylie, 26, looked incredible in a black lace dress as she puckered up to the Wonka star, 28
Judi concluded: 'Dating a Kardashian will impact on Timothee’s career and his privacy. He currently looks amused by all the interest but it could easily run out of his control. 
'He might like a word with an increasingly frustrated-looking Ben Affleck, or even Tom Hiddleston who once dated Taylor Swift and who got a glimpse of what his future might be like as he was seen wearing "I love T.S." swim vests or posing for press photos snogging the pop star on a rock. 
'Acting like the new Hollywood power couple and posing up professionally might mean too much pressure for a man who is still yet to peak in terms of his limitless talent.'
Kate Mansfield - a UK-based dating and relationship coach - agrees that the couple might struggle to maintain their relationship in the long-term due to their differing backgrounds.
The expert said: 'The loved-up display between this pair shows that they have reached a point where they are serious about each other and want to go "official".
'It shows that the passion between them is impossible to contain and it certainly looks like a very sexually and physically driven connection.
'It was a big deal to come out in this way at such a big awards event, whether the relationship will last long term is another matter, they definitely have a significant challenge ahead in terms of press and the public having strong opinions about them as a couple, which can create an additional set of obstacles to overcome.'
Commenting on the couple's kisses and cuddles during the awards ceremony, Kate continued: 'I would say that such a public display of passion that we saw here is verging on loved-up kids, as opposed to the more measured connection that signifies a mature and serious relationship, and it borders on inappropriate given their ages and public status.
Former flame: Kylie's new romance with Chalamet comes months after she split from beau Travis Scott; pictured in 2018
'This relationship really has the odds stacked against it. Given Kylie's history and the added public eye focus, they are going to need some serious tools and support to make this work. 
'I would predict that this relationship will burn out relatively quickly like Kate Beckinsale and Pete Davidson, but who knows - they might just be the exception that proves us all wrong!' 
But James Preece - a UK dating coach - argues that Kylie and Timothee are a 'great match' thanks to their similar ambitions, ages and family values.
Timothee appears to be similarly close with his family and his older sister Pauline is also an actress who starred in the hit show The Sex Lives of College Girls. 
The expert said: 'Many people assume that Timothee is younger than he is due the roles he's played, but he is actually older than Kylie. 
'He has a calming influence on her and they are both extremely supportive of each other.'
Delving into what attracted Kylie and Timothee to one another, James continued: 'Timothee is very much a free spirit and has been successful because he's not afraid to do things his own way. 
Timothee Chalamet with his sister Pauline, father Marc and mother Nicole at a promotional event for the 2018 movie Call Me By Your Name
Kylie Jenner pictured with her ex-boyfriend Travis Scott and her sisters Kendall and Kim and mother Kris at the 2019 Met Gala
'He acts and dresses in his own unique style, which would be attractive to Kylie. 
'Above all, I think they have fun together and are not afraid to be themselves. In turn, he is attracted to her business interests and the fact she is a strong, supportive mother.
'Both come from strong, supportive families and have been famous from an early age with well-known siblings. Kylie is a mother and her life focus changed once she had her children. 
'They are both very creative and not afraid to try new things or roles out that others might have rejected.'
The couple are believed to have met at the Jean Paul Gaultier fashion show at Paris Couture Week in January 2023 and romance rumours began swirling in June.
Their relationship appeared to be confirmed as photos of the pair arriving at Timothee's Beverly Hills home emerged in June 2023.
Dear Timothee and Kylie
In a way, it makes sense that you have found each other. A shared love of fashion, fame, the same heart-shaped face (lots of couples have the same face proportions), both used to legions of adoring fans clamouring for attention, roughly the same age… That’s a lot in common.
But compatibility relies more on similar backgrounds than you think, and this is where problems might arise. Despite significant media attention, Timothee, you rarely discuss the romantic side of your personal life, so are used to a level of privacy. Kylie, for you it’s impossible to hide. Timothee might be ‘the best actor of his generation’ but you are a brand, a global phenomenon. Your recognition level is on a stratospheric level and the constant intrusion will be a lot for him to deal with.
With a French father who is an editor for UNICEF and a mother who is a language and dance teacher, it’s fair to assume you were probably rewarded for your talent and intellectual achievements more so than financial success. Kylie, you are a formidable business woman and one of the world’s youngest billionaires by age 21. I worry there could be a clash over core beliefs and what is most important to you both in life.
Looking at it from a more positive perspective, your different values and backgrounds might strike a pleasing balance of ‘yin’ and ‘yang’. But that’s not going to come without one or both doing some considerable bending.
Verdict: Starkly different upbringings and backgrounds can mean compatibility clashes.
According to sources Kylie had been spending plenty of quality time at the hunk's mansion as an insider says she has been at the pad 'for upwards of six days a week' and the pair are said to be 'extremely attracted' to one another. 
An insider told DailyMail.com at the time: 'Their relationship is at a delicate stage – pals feel they could be on the verge of becoming serious, but they're both hesitant about taking it to the next stage for now.
‘They've been desperately trying to keep things low-key and continue to get to know each other before going public. But there's no denying they have intense chemistry and are extremely attracted to one another.'
Another source added that while Kylie's loved ones are excited by the new romance, the beauty is focused on her two children and business empire.
They said: ‘Kylie is not chasing after him, it’s a mutual connection. He’s really focused on his film career, but Kylie is also focused on being a mom and running her business empire.
‘Her inner circle are definitely excited and want it to become more – but for now both sides are playing it down, despite the fact they clearly love spending time with one another.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group