Travis Kelce didn’t kiss and tell on the first 2024 episode of his podcast New Heights. But he shared other details about his New Year’s Eve with his girlfriend, Taylor Swift, and his mom. Having Donna Kelce at his New Year’s Eve game “was fun,” he said. “And then we all got to celebrate New Year’s together.” Swift was also in attendance, but he and his podcast co-host, brother Jason Kelce, chose not to address her directly. 
Travis Kelce revealed he had a lot of loved ones at the celebration, and Swift got to spend time with them. “It was cool man, to have all the friends and family,” he said. “I think I had over 50, 55, people come in for this one.” It was a “good New Year’s celebration with all the friends and fam,” he added.
Overall, “it was cool to have mom in town to catch up on a little Christmas and for the New Year,” he said. “Bring the New Year in with her.”
While Kelce didn’t to speak about Swift explicitly this time, the couple has spoken a little about their relationship in interviews. In November, Kelce gave his most in-depth comments about Swift in his WSJ magazine profile. He explained the reason he was initially so guarded about the relationship in interviews was because he didn’t want to lose her. “That was the biggest thing to me: make sure I don’t say anything that would push Taylor away,” he said.
Of the attention being Swift’s boyfriend brings, Kelce added, “Obviously I’ve never dated anyone with that kind of aura about them…. I’ve never dealt with it. But at the same time, I’m not running away from any of it…. The scrutiny she gets, how much she has a magnifying glass on her, every single day, paparazzi outside her house, outside every restaurant she goes to, after every flight she gets off, and she’s just living, enjoying life. When she acts like that I better not be the one acting all strange.”
You can watch Kelce’s full New Heights episode below:
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.