Shop the singer's sexy-yet-sweet Alice + Olivia dress before it sells out everywhere

Arturo Holmes/FilmMagic; Alice + Olivia
 Taylor Swift date night LBD is still on the market.

 Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce were recently seen spending some quality time together at a mall in Singapore while the “Karma” singer was on her Eras Tour in the city. And for the occasion, Swift wore a flirty little black dress that we luckily tracked down. 

 Swift, 34, opted for a black, fit-and-flare minidress by Alice + Olivia, the celebrity-loved clothing label founded by designer Stacey Bendet. 

 The Grammy winner wore the subtly-patterned “Adara” design, which features spaghetti straps, a bustier with a sweetheart neckline, pleated accents and a flared skirt.

Alice + Olivia
 As seen in fan photos shared to X (formerly Twitter), Swift styled the dress with red ballet flats and her natural curls. The Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, coordinated with his girlfriend’s look from the waist down, dressed in black pants and sandals. He added his own hint of color with a light green patterned button-down shirt.  

 Unlike many of the clothing items that Swift wears for dates, girls' night outs, and game days  — including the Wear by Erin Andrews Chiefs windbreaker she wore to her third football game in support of her man — her A+O dress is still available at some retailers.

 Swifties can snatch up the singer’s exact dress on Neiman Marcus for $223, which is half the original retail price, or can opt for a Midnights-coded navy version on aliceandolivia.com for … wait for it … $123.75! 

Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images; Kevin Mazur/Getty Images
 In a recent episode of the New Heights with Jason and Travis Kelce podcast, Kelce recounted some of the fun things he got to experience while supporting Swift in Singapore.

 "I got to see two amazing shows of the Eras tour," Kelce shared. "The last of the leg that Taylor has until she's back at it here in a couple of months. But yeah outside of that, got to get some lovely Singapore food and just catch the views.”

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 He also unlocked a fun fact about himself when sharing details of his trip to the "world's largest greenhouse," which made him admit that he's "a big plant guy."

 Swift and Kelce were previously seen in Sydney in February while the singer wrapped up her shows Down Under. Prior to that, they had a whirlwind weekend in Las Vegas, where Kelce and the Chiefs took home the 2024 Super Bowl against the San Francisco 49ers, Swift cheering him on in style in the stands.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)