Hollyoaks spoilers follow for Monday’s (March 11) episode that is now available to view on Channel 4 streaming. The episode in question will air on E4 on Tuesday March 12 at 7pm.
Justice prevailed in Hollyoaks as Romeo Nightingale (Owen Warner) managed to evade authorities, riding out of the eponymous village on horseback following a heart-to-heart with his loved ones. 
I’m not crying, I swear.
The much-loved character was imprisoned earlier this year after confessing to the murder of Rayne Royce (Jemma Donovan), who emotionally and physically abused him throughout their relationship. 
Influencer Rayne died in September last year when Romeo snapped in self-defence during one of her attacks, pushing her away. 
A big whodunit story commenced and, with Rayne having amassed countless enemies during her time in the village, it’s safe to say that there was no shortage of suspects. 
Romeo, however, confessed to the crime, much to the shock of his fellow twenty-somethings, who were all considered suspects at one point or another. 
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Best mate Prince McQueen (Malique Thompson-Dywer), who believed he was to blame for Rayne’s demise, was appalled when the truth came out, with Romeo having allowed him to go to prison for a crime he did not commit. 
Romeo was apologetic but Prince was unforgiving, making it quite clear that he hoped his fellow DJ rotted behind bars for what he did. 
But the nightmare was far from over for Romeo, as his cellmate was none other than Kane (Ben Castle-Gibb), who James (Gregory Finnegan) had set up for the death of Ella Richardson (Erin Palmer), who was accidentally killed by James’ husband Ste Hay (Kieron Richardson). 
Knowing Romeo is James’ son, Kane proceeded to terrorise his cell mate, urging James to pay up otherwise he’d make Romeo pay with his life. James did as he was told, stealing money from Sienna Blake (Anna Passey) to pay off the thug but, despite this, Kane still stabbed Romeo, leaving him to die. 
Medical attention was swiftly sought for Romeo, who was taken to Dee Valley hospital and, with girlfriend Peri Lomax (Ruby O’Donnell) on shift, she worked with James to assist Romeo in making an escape. 
Romeo managed to evade the police, making it all the way to Harcourt Hall, where he came face-to-face with Prince, who was livid that he’d escaped. 
Romeo, however, explained the situation, revealing that he’d been stabbed, making it quite clear that if he goes back to prison he’s a dead man. 
With some words of encouragement from Dilly Harcourt (Emma Johnsey-Smith), who knows what its like to have your head mashed following the death of a loved one, Prince forgave Romeo and got in touch with Peri and James, with the trio struggling to think of a plan to get him out of the village. 
James, however, had the perfect idea. 
In emotional scenes, Romeo bid farewell to Prince, Peri and James, before riding one of Rafe’s (Chris Gordon) horses out of sight as a number of police cars swiftly approached. 
The exit in question was very Hollyoaks and very Romeo, with Taylor Swift’s Love Story (Taylor’s Version) accompanying the emotional goodbye. 
The scenes in question bring to an end Owen Warner’s incredible six-year stint as Romeo. 
Fly free Romeo Nightingale. You’ll be missed. 
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
These are the stylish scalloped furniture and decor picks from Dunelm we're loving
Calling all brides as Lily & Roo have just launched the most gorgeous wedding jewellery
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
Hollyoaks streams weeknights at 7:30pm on Channel 4’s streaming platform, or catch episodes on TV at 7pm on E4. 
If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you.
Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage.
Arrow
MORE: 10 soap spoilers confirm major exit as Coronation Street legend is arrested and EastEnders icon goes missing
Arrow
MORE: 12 life-changing storylines Hollyoaks led the way with before any other soap
Arrow
MORE: Hollyoaks’ Jemma Donovan celebrates one year with Owen Warner: ‘You’re more than I ever dreamed of’
Sign up for exclusive spoilers and interviews, handpicked by our Soaps Editor.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for exclusive spoilers and interviews, handpicked by our Soaps Editor.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy