ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
RIO DE JANEIRO, BRAZIL - NOVEMBER 19: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY, NO COVERS.) Taylor Swift performs during ... More night two of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Estádio Olímpico Nilton Santos on November 19, 2023 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. (Photo by TAS2023 via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift’s 1989 (Taylor’s Version) is in charge of the Billboard 200 once again this week. The re-recording keeps its position, ruling over the ranking of the most-consumed albums in the U.S. for another turn thanks to another 64,000 equivalent units shifted, according to Luminate.
As the title reigns supreme, it moves up on the ranking of Swift’s longest-running leaders on the competitive tally—and the set is quickly becoming one of her most impressive champions.
As of this frame, 1989 (Taylor’s Version) has now ruled the Billboard 200 for six weeks. Those turns atop the tally were not all in a row, as a handful of titles were able to interrupt her run. Somehow, Swift always finds a way back to the summit, as the reworking of her 1989 album remains incredibly popular, even months after it was released.
1989 (Taylor’s Version) is now tied as Swift’s fifth-longest-running No. 1 album. It is on the same level as both Speak Now and Midnights, which also earned half a dozen stints running the show.
Two of Swift’s albums are currently tied as her releases with the most time spent at No. 1. Both 1989–the original, that is–and Fearless racked up 11 weeks in charge of the Billboard 200. They are the only offerings from the Grammy winner that have managed double-digit weeks in first place.
Folklore lived at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 for eight weeks. The first of her two surprise releases would spread those frames atop the list across a number of months, but it earned several in a row when it first appeared.
Coming in just behind Folklore and right ahead of the trio of titles tied with six weeks at No. 1 is Red. That set, which helped Swift bridge the gap between country and pop, collected seven turns in the driver’s seat on the Billboard 200.
1989 (Taylor’s Version) is far and away the most successful title in Swift’s re-recordings project. Last week, when the release earned its fifth stay at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, it officially claimed as many weeks atop the tally than all of its re-recorded predecessors had managed—combined.