Megyn Kelly just wants Taylor Swift to shake it off.
The TV personality slammed Swift after the singer appeared to stare down Golden Globes host Jo Koy when he made a joke about her and her football player boyfriend Travis Kelce on Sunday night. 
Koy, 52, kicked off his rocky hosting gig by stating: “The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL is that at the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift.”
“Can’t she just, like, show that she’s a good sport? I think she made the wrong move,” Kelly, 53, stated on her SiriusXM show, adding that the punchline was a “gentle swipe” at the couple. 
“By the way, she’s not in charge with the number of times the NFL chooses to put her on cam. That’s not her fault,” Kelly said. “It is annoying, and if she were smart, she would laugh like she was in on the joke.”
The former Fox News anchor said that if she had been on Swift’s public relations team, she would have advised the “Blank Space” singer to laugh to highlight the fact the NFL’s obsession with her had “been a bit much.”
Following the delivery of Koy’s lukewarm joke, the camera cut to Swift who glared at the “Easter Sunday” star before slowly sipping her Champagne.
“[Her facial expression] looked like, ‘How dare you question me and my popularity?’ ” Kelly said.
Swift, who was nominated for cinematic and box office achievement in motion pictures Golden Globe for her concert doc, “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour,” appeared to leave the ceremony early after she lost to Margot Robbie’s “Barbie.”
Following the award show, Koy reacted to Swift’s reaction. “Maybe she was thirsty? Maybe she just needed to drink the Champagne.”
The comedian later sang a different tune after appearing “hurt” on “GMA3.” 
“I think it was when the Taylor [joke] one was just a little flat,” he said when asked if he has any regrets about his hosting duties. “It was a weird joke, I guess.”
“But it was more on the NFL . . . I was trying to make fun of the NFL using cutaways and how the Globes didn’t have to do that,” Koy explained. “So it was more of a jab toward the NFL. But it just didn’t come out that way.”
Koy — who was hired by the Globes a mere 10 days before the ceremony after several celebrities reportedly declined the job — admitted that it was “a tough room” to work.
“I had fun. You know, it was a moment that I’ll always remember. It’s a tough room,” he said. “It was a hard job, I’m not going to lie.”
“I’d be lying if [I said] it doesn’t hurt . . . Hosting is just a tough gig,” continued the comedian. “Yes, I’m a stand-up comic, but that hosting position, it’s a different style.”
During the ceremony, Koy also blamed the show’s writers for many of the lackluster jokes. 
“Yo, I got the gig 10 days ago,” the comic said during his six-and-half-minute monologue. “You want a perfect monologue? Yo, shut up. I wrote some of these, and those are the ones you’re gonna laugh at.”
“Like I said, I didn’t write all of these,” he went on. “Someone else wrote that one.” 
Advertisement