Pictured above: Kelela’s ethereal set comes to a close against a light pink sunset at Pitchfork Music Festival 2023 in Chicago’s Union Park. Morgan Ciocca | Vocalo Radio
This year’s headliners include Grandmaster Flash, De La Soul, Alanis Morissette, Carly Rae Jepsen, Black Pumas, Jamie xx, Jai Paul, Brittany Howard and MUNA.
Pitchfork’s 2024 lineup shifts its more Urban Alternative-focused programming up to Friday from its usual Sunday placement, with half the lineup filled by artists including Sudan Archives, Yaeji, Tkay Maidza and Chicago duo Angry Blackmen, headlined by Black Pumas and Jai Paul. The festival also includes several throwback artists to note (Alanis Morissette, Grandmaster Flash and De La Soul) and at least one local artist each day (including Angry Blackmen, Kara Jackson and Akenya).
Austin, Texas, psychedelic soul duo Black Pumas are returning to Chicago as the weekend’s first headliners. Before gracing the Salt Shed for three nights at the end of January, their last performance in the city was at Lollapalooza 2021. Another Friday headline set to note: British singer and producer Jai Paul, who hasn’t had a new solo release since he returned from his hiatus in 2019. He performed live for the first time at Coachella 2023 and followed it up with several international shows, but Pitchfork will be his first Chicago performance. 
NYC DJ and producer Yaeji headlined Pitchfork’s London Festival in 2023. Her TikTok-viral 2017 song “Raingurl” currently has more than 98 thousand streams on Spotify, and her 2023 album With A Hammer earned a “Best New Music” label from Pitchfork. Singer, producer and violinist Sudan Archives is surprisingly low on the lineup; her theatrical live sets are nothing short of ethereal, with stunning ensembles often including intricate hair designs. Though she earned critical acclaim for her 2022 album Natural Brown Prom Queen, her 2019 debut Athena deserves equal merit.
Genre-bending rapper and underground label Backwoodz Studioz founder billy woods is hitting the stage with frequent collaborator Kenny Segal, also earning a “Best New Music” title from Pitchfork for their 2023 “road-trip album” Maps. LA-based Zimbabwean-Australian rapper Tkay Maidza is next on the lineup, announced less than a month after her “Sweet Justice” tour stopped at Lincoln Hall on Feb. 16 (and Vocalo sat down with her in the green room before she hit the stage). Rounding out Friday is Chicago industrial hip-hop duo Angry Blackmen, described by the Reader’s Leor Galil as combining “huge volcanic force with arty sensibilities.”
UK producer and DJ Jamie xx (known both for his solo work and as part of popular 2010s band The xx) takes the headline spot, alongside pop icon Carly Rae Jepsen. But possibly the most notable name on Saturday’s lineup is De La Soul, the pioneering New York hip-hop group formed in 1988. Though the trio suffered the death of member Trugoy the Dove in February 2023, just days after their performance at the 65th Grammys, they went on to open for Wu-Tang Clan and Nas during the North American dates of their New York State of Mind Tour in September and October.
Following the acclaim of her 2023 album That! Feels Good!, English pop singer Jessie Ware stopped at The Vic in October on her North American tour. The album’s title track was named as a Vocalo favorite of 2023, and closing track “These Lips” was one of the station’s most-played songs of the year. 
Also performing is Illinois poet and singer Kara Jackson, who was named the U.S. National Youth Poet Laureate in 2019 and Youth Poet Laureate of Chicago in 2018. She released her debut full-length album Why Does the Earth Give Us People to Love? in April 2023, collaborating with Chicago artists (and Vocalo mainstays) KAINA, NNAMDÏ and Sen Morimoto on productions and lyrics. Chicago indie rock band and Matador Records signee Lifeguard are also hitting the stage Saturday.
Sunday’s lineup is really a choose-your-own-adventure, with four big names going in all different directions. 
For a dose of ‘90s nostalgia, see Alanis Morissette, best known for her confessional-style songwriting and 1995’s Jagged Little Pill. Morissette’s Pitchfork set is a stop in the middle of her Triple Moon Tour, with regular dates featuring special guests Morgan Wade and Joan Jett & The Blackhearts. Psych rock fans will know former Alabama Shakes frontwoman Brittany Howard, who released her second solo album What Now last month and kicked off her tour on Feb. 6 in Chicago with two nights of sold-out shows at Thalia Hall. After a year traveling around the world with Taylor Swift and Lorde and hitting the stage at Coachella, LA indie pop group MUNA will bring their starry-eyed ballads to Chicago for their first festival set in the city since Lollapalooza 2016. And, of course, there’s pioneering DJ and producer Grandmaster Flash, a leader in the hip-hop scene since the 1970s. Flash is the creator of the Quick Mix Theory and perfector of vinyl scratching, and is the founder and creator of Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five, a group instrumental in pushing hip-hop forward.
Other names to note are Nala Sinephro, a London-based, Caribbean-Belgian experimental jazz artist known for her use of the pedal harp and ambient compositions. Or get immersed in the storytelling of California rapper Maxo, who has ample performance material after releasing two albums in 2023: Even God Has A Sense Of Humor on Def Jam and Debbie’s Son on his independent label SMILEFORME.
The weekend’s final local act is Akenya, a singer-songwriter who you may not know by name — but you’ve probably heard her voice. Known for her collaborations with Chance the Rapper, Smino, Saba and Noname, Akenya told Vocalo her upcoming solo debut Moon In the 4th is both long overdue and right on time.
RELATED:
++ Local
** Vocalo Recommends
Black Pumas**
Jai Paul**
100 Gecs
Jeff Rosenstock
Yaeji**
Sudan Archives**
Amen Dunes
Billy Woods & Kenny Segal**
Tkay Maidza**
Doss
ML Buch
Rosali
Angry Blackmen++**
Black Duck++
Jamie XX**
Carly Rae Jepsen
Jessie Ware**
De La Soul**
Unwound
Bratmobile
Wednesday
Water From Your Eyes
Sweeping Promises
Feeble Little Horse
Hotline Tiny
Kara Jackson++**
L’Rain**
Lifeguard++
Alanis Morissette
Brittany Howard**
MUNA
Grandmaster Flash**
Les Savy Fav
Crumb
Jessica Pratt
Mannequin Pussy
Hailu Mergia
Model/Actriz
Nala Sinephro**
Maxo**
Joanna Sternberg 
Akenya++**
Find more info at pitchforkmusicfestival.com
Written by Morgan Ciocca
More from Vocalo:
Vocalo Radio
March 28, 2025
Vocalo Radio
March 17, 2025
Vocalo Radio
March 10, 2025