On Tuesday, March 12, the University Program Council (UPC) debuted War Eagle Karaoke Night in the Melton Student Center ballroom from 7 to 9 p.m. This event was open to all university students, and those present gathered to unleash their inner rock stars and revel in an evening of musical fun.
Attendees eagerly seized the opportunity to perform their favorite songs, dance, hang out and make new friends. In addition to the karaoke, pizza and cookies were decorated to match the karaoke theme, and a custom soda bar was provided with an array of sodas and an assortment of syrups for students to concoct their own signature soda blends.
To amplify the karaoke experience, an assortment of playful props like feather boas, glasses and plastic microphones were on hand, encouraging attendees to fully immerse themselves in the spectacle of the evening.
Maggie Jones, sophomore in hospitality and event management, who currently serves as UPC’s Vice President of Programing, planned the event in her previous role as Director of Campus Traditions. Jones sought to introduce a fresh and exciting addition to Auburn's event calendar.
Jones shared that with the help of other UPC members she was able to come up with the idea for War Eagle Karaoke Night. 
"We wanted to create new traditions so we thought this could be something fun for people to do," Jones said.
The event aimed to foster a sense of community and tradition within Auburn University. Karaoke presented itself as the perfect way for students to come together, have fun and create memories. 
DJ Mike in the Fast Lane was present at the event playing tunes and eagerly fielding song requests for students to sing karaoke to. From timeless classics to contemporary hits, the playlist boasted a variety of songs to suit every musical taste. 
Each karaoke performance elicited applause and enthusiastic cheers from the audience, fostering an atmosphere of encouragement and support for performers of all skill levels.
Among those who attended the event was Keith Mims, freshman in architecture. Mims bravely took the karaoke stage for the first time that evening. 
"I really enjoyed it," Mims said. "I have been looking forward to this event for weeks." 
Mims sang karaoke to multiple songs including "Devil Went Down to Georgia" by Charlie Daniels, earning him cheers and applause. 
Other students present also enjoyed singing karaoke. Whether belting out “Love Story” by Taylor Swift, “Baby” by Justin Bieber, or “Single Ladies” by Beyonce, attendees reveled in the opportunity to sing songs they loved and share their passion for music with their fellow peers.
Despite the modest turnout, those in attendance seized the night with enthusiasm, seizing every opportunity to sing their hearts out, make new friendships and have a good time.
UPC aims to host more War Eagle Karaoke Nights in the future, welcoming a larger number of students to enjoy all the offerings it provides.
Do you like this story? The Plainsman doesn't accept money from tuition or student fees, and we don't charge a subscription fee. But you can donate to support The Plainsman.
The Auburn Plainsman (@theauburnplainsman) • Instagram photos and videos