Travis Kelce recapped his Sydney trip to see Taylor Swift on last week’s New Heights podcast episode. This week, he’s opening up about flying over to Singapore to reunite with his girlfriend again. Kelce saw one Eras tour show in Australia and two in Singapore.
He also revealed that he fit in a visit to Singapore’s Gardens by the Bay greenhouse. He did not share whether Swift was with him. Kelce kept his comments about the trip limited to how impressed he was with the city, the greenhouse, and yes, Swift’s concerts. 
He said it was “fun times in Singapore.” He continued, “I got to check out the world’s largest greenhouse. How about that? I’m a big plant guy. Loved seeing fucking enormous trees. It was cool as fuck; they had the world’s biggest waterfall in a greenhouse, too.”
“It was awesome, man,” he continued. “The way the whole thing was laid out, it was a very controlled space. And everything was blooming at the same time, it was so fucking unique and so nice. It was hot as fuck in Singapore, because it’s the smack dab middle of the summer there, so it was 100 degrees outside, and then we go to go to this chilly, 70-degree room where they are just pumping AC into these plants. And it was so lovely to just go in there and hang out in that thing and see all the amazing plants.”
He then briefly brought up Swift. “Yeah, got to do that, and I got to see two amazing shows of the Eras Tour,” he said. “The last of the leg that Taylor has until she’s back at it here in a couple months. Yeah, outside of that, got to get some lovely Singapore food and just catch the views.” 
Kelce’s remarks come less than two days after a source told Entertainment Tonight that Swift sees a long-term future with Kelce.
“[She’s] happier than ever and so in love,” the insider started. “She likes that Travis is so proud of her and that he isn’t afraid to show his love for her publicly. She is in a great place and having the best time performing, making music, and feeling free to live her life more openly. Travis is enjoying being on tour with Taylor and is happy to support her.”
They added that “Taylor views Travis as a true partner and someone she can have a real future with.”
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.