The Lover track is the second acoustic song confirmed to be in the streaming version of the film.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	Saying goodbye is death by a thousand cuts, but luckily, the Eras Tour film is forever. Now that it’s coming to Disney+, Taylor Swift’s blockbuster concert film will be available to stream as many times as fans want, complete with the pop star’s previously scrapped acoustic performance of one of her Lover fan favorites. 

	Swift confirmed via Good Morning America Wednesday (March 13) that “Death by a Thousand Cuts” is the second of four bonus surprise songs included in the streaming version of Eras Tour, one day after she revealed the sneak peek for “Maroon.” The 14-time Grammy winner also shared a look at the B-stage performance, which finds her playing guitar in a purple dress for tens of thousands of fans at SoFi Stadium. 

	










	“I look through the windows of this love/ Even though we boarded them up/ Chandelier’s still flickering here/ ‘Cause I can’t pretend it’s ok when it’s not,” she belts in the clip as the crowd screams the lyrics back at her. “It’s death by a thousand cuts/ Trying to find a part of me that you didn’t touch/ My body, my love, my trust.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The “Anti-Hero” singer will continue unveiling the titles of the acoustic tracks featured in Disney+’s extended cut of the movie — which will also include footage of her playing “Cardigan” during her Folklore set for the first time – every day on GMA until it debuts Thursday (March 14) on the streaming platform. A shorter version of Eras first premiered in October, followed by a rentable on-demand edition in December. 

	Peaking at No. 67 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2019, “Death by a Thousand Cuts” was inspired by Jennifer Kaytin Robinson’s Netflix film Someone Great, Swift revealed. “It’s a movie about how she has to end this relationship that she didn’t want to end because she’s still in love with the person, but they just grew apart and he’s not a jerk,” Swift explained in an interview after Lover dropped.  

	“It’s just sad because it’s just realistic,” she added. “Time passed and now we’re different people and that is the most devastating thing.” 

	Watch a clip of Swift singing “Death by a Thousand Cuts” below. 
A post shared by Disney+ (@disneyplus)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.