Read The Latest Digest

“The natural cure for an ill-administration, in a popular or representative constitution, is a change of men.” —Alexander Hamilton (1787)
The special counsel held up well during five hours of testimony, and he painted a damning picture of both the president’s wrongdoing and his cognitive condition.
Douglas Andrews
To watch yesterday’s House Judiciary Committee proceedings, during which Special Counsel Robert Hur took five hours’ worth of slings and arrows from both the Left and the Right, one gets the sense that he probably got things about right.
Yes, he should’ve brought charges against Joe Biden, whom he showed to be in clear violation of 18 U.S. Code Section 1924 regarding the handling of classified materials. But no, a jury of Biden’s peers in the rigged town of Washington, DC, would never, not in a million years, have convicted him.
The materials at issue included marked classified documents in his unsecured Delaware home dating back to his time as a U.S. senator. And Biden’s lawlessness was especially apparent when he knowingly shared these classified materials with a ghostwriter, whom he’d enlisted as part of an $8 million book deal.
Perhaps the highlight of the proceedings came during questioning from Florida Republican Matt Gaetz, who asked Hur the following question: “Joe Biden said, ‘I guarantee I did not share classified information.’ That’s not true, is it?”
To which Hur responded, “That is inconsistent with the findings based on the evidence in my report.”
“Because it’s a lie,” replied Gaetz. “That’s just what regular people would say, right?”
Hur couldn’t help but smile.
The Hur report also indicated that Biden’s answers as to why he mishandled these classified materials were deeply unsatisfactory at best and outright false at worst. That attempt to obfuscate is itself a chargeable offense. A good case could even be made that Joe Biden should be charged with having violated the Espionage Act — but, again, not in this lifetime.
Hur, as National Review’s Dan McLaughlin points out, is a registered Republican “who has steered clear of partisan politics during a two-decade career as a prosecutor, [and] was chosen, in part, because of his reputation for calmly handling the pressure of high-wire investigations and internal department politics.”
Again, when you’re taking fire from both sides, you’re probably getting things about right. But the Democrats’ heightened level of acrimony made clear that they have more at stake here.
Biden and his fellow Democrats were incensed by the release last month of Hur’s report and his assessment of the commander-in-chief “as a sympathetic, well-meaning, elderly man with a poor memory.” Such a brutally accurate assessment, they believe, was “gratuitous” and could ultimately convince a majority of voters that Joe Biden has no business being anywhere near 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue right now, much less beyond January 20, when his first term will come mercifully to an end.
In their heart of hearts, the Democrats know they’re defending the indefensible. They know that 90% of the American people believe their guy to be unfit to serve another four years. And yet. Hur declined to prosecute Biden largely because of his enfeebled state, but he’s somehow still qualified to make world-important decisions about war and peace, life and death?
The Leftmedia, led by pathetic water carriers like MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough, did their rotten best to cover up the president’s failing cognitive state in the wake of Hur’s damning report. “He’s better than he’s ever been — intellectually, um, analytically, because he’s been around for 50 years,” said Scarborough. “This version of Biden — intellectually, analytically — is the best Biden ever.”
Those words should be tattooed on Scarborough’s forehead and, when the time comes, chiseled onto his tombstone. The best Biden ever? Dude. Anyone who wishes to put the lie to that utterance need only look at footage of Joe Biden from a decade ago.
Thanks to Hur’s comments yesterday and the newly released transcript of his interview with Biden, the undeniable truth about Biden’s cognitive condition is now available for all to consider. What we don’t have yet, however, is the audio version of the transcript, which some House Republicans rightly called for during yesterday’s hearings. Regardless, we now know from the transcript that it was Biden, not Hur, who brought up the death of his late son Beau, and it was Biden who misremembered his death as having been in 2017 or 2018 instead of 2015.
Suffice it to say that Joe Biden’s mental state is even worse than what was depicted by Hur.
As for the hearings themselves, they were pretty predictable, but the Republicans came out looking better, especially given the Democrats’ maniacal fixation on Donald Trump and their repeated efforts to introduce various forms of the word “exonerate” into the congressional record. Try as they might to get Hur to acquiesce, he refused to bite. Which is good because he absolutely didn’t exonerate Biden.
From committee members Jerry Nadler to Jamie Raskin to Pramila Jayapal, we heard a steady refrain of phrases like “complete and total exoneration.” In the case of Jayapal, Hur went so far as to interrupt her false characterization of a “complete exoneration,” saying, “That is not a word we used in the report. … I did not exonerate him. That word does not appear in my report.”
To which an indignant Jayapal huffed as committee members always do when a witness utters inconvenient truths, “Mr. Hur, it’s my time.”
On the contrary, “Did you reach a conclusion that this man was outright innocent?” asked California Republican Darrell Issa. Hur diplomatically responded, “That conclusion is not reflected in my report, sir.”
In any case, prosecutors don’t typically exonerate. Instead, as former federal prosecutor Andrew McCarthy points out, they evaluate whether there’s evidence beyond a reasonable doubt. “If there’s not,” he says, “it doesn’t mean there wasn’t a criminal offense, or that the guy didn’t commit it. It just means you don’t think you have enough evidence to persuade a jury.”
As Fox News’s Laura Ingraham, who once clerked for Clarence Thomas, notes: “In holding classified documents in unsecure locations across decades, Joe Biden was in violation of 18 U.S. Code Section 1924. But, as we know, Mr. Hur exercised his prosecutorial discretion and chose not to prosecute Biden because he thought it unlikely that a jury of his peers would vote unanimously to convict him. … But the key fact here is that Biden himself was never exonerated in this report despite the Democrats’ myriad attempts to claim otherwise.”
Let’s face it: Biden had seven stashes of classified documents in various places, including at the Chinese Communist-funded Biden Center at UPenn, and they were moved multiple times over the years. Biden absolutely knew he was violating the law, and he did so over a period of 40 years. He never had the authority to remove documents from a SCIF — a sensitive compartmentalized information facility — and unlike Donald Trump, he never had the authority to declassify documents.
Indeed, former federal prosecutor and Republican Congressman Trey Gowdy, himself no fan of Trump’s, said he’d much rather have the evidence against Biden than the evidence against Trump if he were prosecuting a case for mishandling documents.
Ultimately, yesterday’s hearings served two purposes: They showed that Biden is a liar, and they showed that he’s also a cognitive mess. Or, as columnist David Harsanyi put it, “The fact remains that there are two ways to look at the Hur report. Either the president lacks the mental acuity to be charged for breaking the law, or he should be charged for breaking the law. Pick one.”
Of course, neither of those points was ever in serious dispute. Is Joe Biden mentally fit to serve as president? No, clearly not. But barring some extraordinary subterfuge or medical occurrence between now and Tuesday, November 5, the Democrats are stuck with him.
Which is fitting indeed since they were guilty of propping him up in the first place.
Comment | Share
Douglas Andrews, Thomas Gallatin, & Nate Jackson
Biden vs. Trump rematch is official … for now: The rematch that the majority of Americans did not want will now officially occur. On Tuesday, both Donald Trump and Joe Biden enjoyed primary victories in Georgia, Mississippi, and Washington state. Those primary victories were never in doubt, and both candidates secured delegate totals needed to win their party’s nominations. This will be the first election since 1912 featuring a rematch of two U.S. presidents. Of course, given Biden’s advanced age at 81, his declining energy and mental acuity, and his negative polling numbers, speculation over whether Biden will remain the Democrats’ nominee is bound to continue. Meanwhile, Trump has a mountain of legal issues he’ll be forced to navigate as he seeks a second stint in the White House.
Biden got no SOTU polling bump despite MSM cheerleading: “The speech earned rave reviews from pundits — but so far, Americans don’t seem convinced by the president’s energetic new pitch.” So says the subhead from Yahoo News in a story about the much-anticipated but as yet nonexistent bump in Joe Biden’s polling numbers in the aftermath of last week’s State of the Union address, and the disappointment in poor Andrew Romano’s voice is palpable. “Pundits,” the disheartened journo continues, “may have fawned over President Biden’s State of the Union address last Thursday, praising it as a ‘homerun’ performance from a ‘fiery, powerful, vigorous guy’ that would ease nagging fears about his age and vitality. But voters barely seem to have noticed.” For the record, Romano forgot “feisty.” Scranton Joe was definitely feisty. A steroid cocktail with a Ritalin chaser will do that to a guy. As The Washington Post put it, “Fiery Biden takes on GOP, makes case for second term.” And Reuters: “Biden takes on Trump and Republicans in fiery State of the Union speech.” And the Associated Press: “Biden uses feisty State of the Union to contrast with Trump.” So, you see, the speech wasn’t nasty and divisive and otherwise yawn-inducing. Instead, it was “fiery” and “feisty,” and the 81-year-old Biden’s delivery was “powerful” and “vigorous.” One word of caution, though, for those of us who might enjoy a good guffaw: Polls are lagging indicators, and just because the RealClearPolitics average hasn’t budged since MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough laughably told us that this was “the best Biden ever,” it doesn’t mean his numbers won’t yet nudge up just a bit. But we wouldn’t bet a fiver on it.
Georgia judge dismisses multiple charges against Trump: Fulton County judge Scott McAfee has jettisoned six counts in the Georgia election interference case being overseen by Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis against former President Donald Trump and his 18 co-defendants. According to McAfee’s order, the state failed to make the case in six counts of “solicitation of violation of oath by public officer.” As McAfee wrote: “The Court’s concern is less that the State has failed to allege sufficient conduct of the Defendants — in fact it has alleged an abundance. However, the lack of detail concerning an essential legal element is, in the undersigned opinion, fatal.” Trump and his colleagues still face an uphill legal struggle given the likely makeup of a potential Fulton County jury, but it’s reassuring to know that there’s at least one adult in the room. DA Willis, who still has plenty of egg on her face from credible allegations of an improper sexual relationship with her lead prosecutor, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
GOP report sheds new light on a darling J6 witness: Whatever happened to Cassidy Hutchinson anyway? Surely, you remember young Cassidy. She was the erstwhile assistant to former Trump chief of staff Mark Meadows, and she was one of the Democrats’ key witnesses in their investigative whitewash of January 6 rioting and Capitol building tourism. Recall that Hutchinson had testified under oath before the rigged J6 committee about having heard from White House deputy chief of staff for operations Tony Ornato that while in transit within the presidential limo, Trump was told that he couldn’t join his supporters at President’s Park South, also known as The Ellipse, on January 6. According to Hutchinson, an enraged Trump first lunged toward the steering wheel, “then used his free hand to lunge towards Bobby Engel,” his lead Secret Service agent. On Monday, however, the House Administration Committee’s oversight subcommittee released its report on J6 and, as the Washington Examiner reports, among its finding “were claims that Hutchinson’s account of former President Donald Trump’s actions on Jan. 6 was not corroborated by other White House employees.” In addition, the report noted that despite the select committee’s knowledge that Hutchinson’s testimony had changed over time to be more dramatic, and despite their failure to verify her version of events, they nonetheless promoted and sensationalized her testimony. Imagine that.
Buck’s shot at the GOP: We’re inclined to say “good riddance” to nominal Colorado Republican Ken Buck, who announced his resignation from Congress yesterday, but we need to be careful what we wish for. The GOP House is growing perilously close to becoming a Democrat-controlled House with Speaker Hakeem Jeffries. “It has been an honor to serve the people of Colorado’s 4th District in Congress for the past 9 years,” said Buck in an X post. “Today, I am announcing that I will depart Congress at the end of next week. I look forward to staying involved in our political process, as well as spending more time in Colorado and with my family.” Ah, the “spending more time with my family” excuse. What makes Buck’s shot so insidious, though, is the mid-term departure as opposed to an end-of-term departure. This leaves House Republicans scrambling ahead of a special election to be held sometime in the next five months. On second thought, yes, good riddance.
Uvalde chief resigns: On Tuesday, Uvalde, Texas, Police Chief Daniel Rodriguez announced that he will be resigning effective April 6. “I believe it is time for me to embrace a new chapter in my career,” he stated, adding, “I have full confidence that the police department will continue to thrive under new leadership.” Rodriguez and the Uvalde Police Department received a significant amount of deserved criticism following their lackluster response to the school massacre there almost two years ago. Indeed, Rodriguez’s resignation comes just one week after the Uvalde City Council released its commissioned independent investigative report into the police department’s immediate response to the school attack. The report found that none of the five initially responding officers violated the department’s policies or engaged in any misconduct. That finding only served to rub salt in the wounds of the families of those murdered, some of whom subsequently called for Rodriguez’s resignation.
Jill Biden’s “work husband” accused of being a sexually harassing bully: A top aide to Jill Biden is reportedly a bully who verbally sexually harasses White House staff. Anthony Bernal, an openly homosexual man, has worked for the Bidens for a long time. The report comes from unnamed sources within the White House. A former top aide to the Bidens who requested to remain anonymous claimed that Bernal’s abusive behavior toward staff was well known and long-running, but he was viewed as “untouchable” because Jill Biden sees him as her “work husband.” According to the report, Bernal used sexual harassment as a tool to intimidate and gain the upper hand over others. “It is to make people uncomfortable and to have power over them,” the source said. “It is Me Too — classic Me Too.” However, White House Chief of Staff Jeff Zients dismissed the report as “unfounded,” contending that “[Bernal’s] many fans at the White House know him to be both gracious and tough, holding himself up to the highest standards, with a heart dedicated to public service.”
Kansas judge rules keeping biological sex on ID is legal: District Judge Teresa Watson on Monday ruled in favor of Kansas’s rule that prohibits individuals from changing a state ID or driver’s license from their biological sex to match their declared gender identity. Last year, Kansas Democrat Governor Laura Kelly vetoed legislation that prohibited sex changes on ID cards. State Republican Attorney General Kris Kobach responded to Kelly’s veto by filing a lawsuit. After the judge’s decision, Kobach responded, “This decision is a victory for the rule of law and common sense. The Legislature wisely stated that state agencies should record biological sex at birth, and today, the court held that the meaning of the law is clear.” In her decision, Watson stated, “Information recorded on a driver’s license does not interfere with transgender persons’ ability to control their own bodies or assert bodily integrity or self-determination. It does not prevent them from mak[ing] their own decisions regarding their bodies, their health, their family formation, and their family life.”
House passes bill that could see TikTok banned in U.S. (Fox Business)
Republicans subpoenaed 15 years of Hunter Biden phone records (The Hill)
14 House Democrats vote with GOP to demand Biden control the border (Daily Wire)
U.S. to send Ukraine $300 million arms package as further aid stalls (Washington Post)
Biden’s Gaza floating port plan generating concern among military professionals (Legal Insurrection)
Israel confirms death of another American in Hamas’s Oct. 7 attack (Washington Free Beacon)
Islamic terrorists “posing as refugees” are invading Europe (PJ Media)
NAACP calls on black student-athletes to boycott Florida public colleges over anti-DEI policy (NBC News)
The VA is now offering abortions and rent-a-womb arrangements for gay couples with your tax dollars (Not the Bee)
U.K. National Health Service to stop prescribing puberty blockers to kids (National Review)
Canadian law would allow judges to hand down life sentences for “speech crimes” (Not the Bee)
Humor: Boeing jets come out as trans-safe: they are not safe but they ‘identify as safe" (Genesius Times)
For more editors’ choice headlines, click here.
Comment | Share
Democrats deny there’s a crisis with Social Security and Medicare, and they are denying returns for future generations.
Nate Jackson
American taxpayers now spend more on Social Security and Medicare than on the entire federal budget in 2005.
Read that again.
Here are the numbers: The 2005 federal budget was roughly $2.4 trillion. This year, Social Security will pay out approximately $1.5 trillion in benefits to 68 million recipients, which is much higher after Joe Biden’s inflation drove large cost-of-living adjustments in those payments, and Medicare will cost about $900 billion for nearly 67 million people. Both programs will cost more than servicing the debt ($890 billion) and the constitutional directive of national defense ($850 billion).
In 2005, the federal debt was $7.9 trillion. It’s now $34.5 trillion. And Biden wants to spend $7.3 trillion — almost the entire debt 19 years ago.
From time to time, we warn about Social Security and Medicare becoming insolvent and why that’s happening. In short, when Social Security was launched, there were 16 workers for every retiree. Today, there are three, and it will soon be two. Similar ratios apply to Medicare.
To put it mildly, those numbers are unsustainable.
We and millions of others use the word “entitlements” to describe these behemoth and constitutionally dubious programs, but we also occasionally hear from retirees who are understandably angry at the use of that word. “Entitlement” sounds like welfare, they rightly note, not the program they paid into for their working careers and are now, er, entitled to a return.
We get it. Earned entitlements are not the same as unearned entitlements. But no one is talking about cutting current benefits, even though these programs still cost today’s taxpayers. There is no trust fund or lockbox full of money with your name on it. Social Security, in particular, is a Ponzi scheme.
All of that brings us to the political debate winding up for this election year.
In Biden’s State of the Union, he issued a warning to fire up his base: “Many of my friends on the other side of the aisle want to put Social Security on the chopping block. If anyone here tries to cut Social Security or Medicare or raise the retirement age, I will stop you.” If you thought that sounded familiar, it’s because he said almost exactly the same thing last year. Such repetition happens a lot with him.
Raising the retirement age might be the only way to save the programs, but virtually no one in the Swamp has the appetite for that battle. They’d rather demagogue the issue and scare seniors while doing nothing to save the programs for future generations.
In any case, no matter how many times Donald Trump has vowed not to touch the programs, his opponents still want to portray him as Paul Ryan pushing grandma off the cliff. They redoubled those efforts when he said this week, “There is a lot you can do in terms of entitlements, in terms of cutting.”
At least that’s the convenient cut they shared.
His full comment continued, “and in terms of also the theft and the bad management of entitlements, tremendous bad management of entitlements.” He later added, “I know that they’re going to end up weakening Social Security because the country is weak.”
Democrats don’t worry about the facts; there’s an election to win.
“If anyone tries to cut Social Security or Medicare or raise the retirement age again, I will stop them,” Biden repeated at a campaign stop on Monday. “Donald Trump said cuts to Social Security and Medicare are on the table again.”
Biden campaign communications director Josh Marcus-Blank insisted, “The attacks on Social Security and Medicare aren’t abstract for seniors — they’re a legitimate threat to their livelihoods.”
Hillary Clinton couldn’t pass up an opportunity for a dig, either. “Have seniors in your life?” she posted on X with the cut video of Trump’s comment. “They should see this.”
Respected policy analyst Whoopi Goldberg went even further in her rebuttal to Trump on “The View,” aimed at her suburban women audience: “Yeah, we could put you in jail for all your entitlements.” Leftists do love the idea of “saving democracy” by jailing their political opponents.
Democrats routinely throw around the word “denier” when it comes to climate change or elections, yet they are the ones denying reality. We might call them entitlement deniers. By denying there’s a crisis of sustainability for earned entitlements, they are effectively denying current workers and future generations the return on these programs.
Speaking of 2005, that was the year Democrats denied taxpayers the right to invest their own money in the stock market rather than have it confiscated through payroll taxes and distributed to current retirees. How did sinking George W. Bush’s plan work out for seniors? “The average worker would have three times more retirement income if they were able to keep and invest their Social Security taxes,” reports The Heritage Foundation. “Even the lowest-income workers would have 40% more retirement income.”
Have seniors in your life? They should see that.
Indeed, the question Grandma should be asking is not whether someone’s going to push her off a cliff but whether politicians who refuse to do anything about budget-consuming entitlements are pushing her grandchildren off the cliff.
Comment | Share
Embittered by the Supreme Court’s landmark decision striking down race-based college admissions, The New York Times promotes ways to circumvent it.
Thomas Gallatin
In a recent think piece from The New York Times, the lefties at the Gray Lady present a way for colleges and universities to effectively get around the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling against race-based student admissions policies.
The Times makes this intention clear with the article’s opening statement: “After the Supreme Court effectively ended affirmative action in 2023, many selective colleges said they still prized racial diversity and planned to pursue it. But how might they do that?”
The article is titled “Can You Create a Diverse College Class Without Affirmative Action?” Notice that the “diversity” excuse is front and center, but as the graphics-heavy article continues it becomes clear that diversity is merely a euphemism for pushing blatant racism. It’s a guise for justifying the “need” for continuing some form of affirmative action.
To make matters worse, the Times exposes its Marxist underbelly in its push to figure out how to maintain race-based school admission programs. How? By throwing upper- and middle-class students under the proverbial bus. “Notably, our simple affirmative action model produces far less economic diversity than all of these alternatives,” the Times contends. “That was also a frequent criticism of such policies: Yes, colleges used them to admit more Black and Hispanic students, but those were overwhelmingly middle- and upper-income students.”
In addition, the Times’s piece is replete with racist assumptions against racial minorities that ironically undercut the very rationale for higher education in the first place.
For example, the paper’s scribes assert the soft bigotry of low expectation: “Black and Hispanic students, who tend to be poorer and have less access to opportunity, often do worse.” Or this one: “Affirmative action policies helped colleges admit more Black and Hispanic students.”
But what’s the problem with a solely merit-based admissions system, in which a prospective student is considered for admission based entirely on academic aptitude? After all, isn’t higher education supposed to provide a means for further directed and specialized knowledge in a given field, often for the express purpose of using that knowledge for investing in a career in that or a related field?
Of course, the woke Left’s problem with merit-based admission programs is that they don’t tend to produce a student body that is as racially diverse as the Left’s desired equity-based diversity vision. This lack of a sufficiently racially diverse student body — one that exactly reflects the racial diversity of the wider American society — equates to “injustice.” Because sameness is fairness.
Merit-based admission standards like SAT scores are seen as problematic by the Left because they don’t guarantee equity-based racial diversity of a school’s student body. Furthermore, merit-based systems serve to undercut the Left’s identity politics metrics.
Are people defined more by what they do or what they look like? Are people defined more by their racial makeup or their individual choices? When it comes to politics, the question of the individual versus the collective has been the primary basis for the dividing line between the Left and the Right.
As noted above, in this Times article, we see those on the Left seeking to circumvent the Supreme Court’s ruling as they continue to push their socialist racial vision for the nation. On the other hand, a meritocratic system that rewards individuals based on their personal achievements rather than their connection to a certain racial demographic is anathema to the Left. And they simply can’t have that, for it represents an existential threat to their political power aims.
Comment | Share
We’re just beginning to comprehend the enormity of the problem.
Jack DeVine
What do President Joe Biden and his Democrat supporters really think about our three years of wide-open southern border? Perhaps they’re still happy with it — or maybe as the election season heats up, they think it might have been a political misstep.
Either way, they’re not even close. Enabling the tsunami of illegal immigration into the U.S. has been a colossal failure in public policy that will haunt our nation for decades — and we’ve yet to internalize its implications.
We got a whiff of that myopia from last week’s State of the Union Address (SOTU) and the subsequent reactions to it.
Given the ugly poll numbers on that topic, Biden’s speech writers understandably held back mention of the border issue until late in the SOTU and limited his remarks to criticism of Republicans for refusing to act on the Senate’s recently proposed border legislation.
He’d evidently not planned to acknowledge the latest incident of illegal immigrant violence, the murder last month of nursing student Laken Riley. But when goaded by Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene to “say her name!”, he did so — or tried. Interrupted from his teleprompter reading, Biden ad-libbed, first mispronouncing her name, then stating that “she was killed by an illegal,” and adding the confusing rhetorical question, “But how many thousands of people are being killed by legals?”
That latter part of Biden’s unscripted comments has not received much attention, but it reveals a remarkably casual attitude about the safety and security of Americans — as if to say, what’s the big deal about a few extra murders and rapes?
But it’s Biden’s description of Riley’s killer as an “illegal” that set the Leftmedia’s hair on fire. A day later, he apologized, advising that he’d made a mistake in using that derogatory word — he should have called the murderer “undocumented.” Later yet, the White House Press Office “clarified” his correction, asserting that it was not an apology; Biden was simply using the proper terminology.
And so, here we are. After three years of the open border that Democrats had long advocated, reversal by President Biden of all Trump-era border control policy, repeated assertions over that time that our border was “secure,” known entry into our country of roughly ten million unvetted aliens from countries all around the world (many hostile to the U.S.) now scattered throughout the nation — that entire topic merits only a few words in our president’s report to Americans about the state of our union. And the aspect consuming the full attention of American media and administration officials is whether we should call them “illegal” or “undocumented.”
But that, of course, is just the tip of the iceberg. The vastly greater problem facing America is that among those ten million are surely some with the capability and intent to do great harm: violent criminals, gang bangers, cartel members, drug pushers, and even terrorists. Yes, the vast majority of illegal entrants are no doubt individuals simply seeking a better life, but even a tiny fraction of bad actors equates to thousands who pose dire threats to individual Americans — like Laken Riley — and perhaps to the nation as a whole.
Who are they? Where are they? We don’t know — and sadly, most will only be revealed by the crimes that they commit.
This is a problem that already exists and would be with us even if our leaders found a way to close our border tomorrow. That won’t happen, of course, and the situation will only worsen with every passing day.
Moreover, it will be faced by whoever is elected president in November. We can debate ad nauseam what President Biden should have done about the border and what former President Trump claims he would have done about the border; but as we voters wrestle with the choice between Biden and Trump (or whomever our political parties nominate this summer), we’d best focus on how each proposes to deal with the problem of our ten million unvetted aliens.
So far, Joe Biden is unwilling even to acknowledge the enormous problem he has created. Presumably, if elected, he plans to do nothing — no doubt, he’d like to see them voting before long (an entirely new cadre of natural Democrats), and he would confront whatever horrors the bad ones instigate as they occur. That is a recipe for catastrophe (think 9/11 or last October 7th in Israel…).
Trump, on the other hand, boasts that he will un-bake the cake, rounding up all ten million and sending them back to wherever they came from — a wholly unrealistic, enormously difficult undertaking. Good rally talk, but hardly a serious plan.
And a wrong-headed one. Having effectively invited these millions of migrants, promising them asylum consideration, and then turning them loose in the countryside (thanks, Mr. Biden), we now have an implicit responsibility to treat them humanely and fairly. That has already proven to be a huge burden, and we’ve barely scratched the surface.
Yes, we must close the border, we must revamp our asylum process, and we must reopen the entire matter of legal immigration. And through it all, we must deal with the millions of illegals, good and bad, already here. Don’t let our presidential candidates off the hook. Demand to know what they plan to do.
Comment | Share
“They think a woman getting raped and murdered by an illegal alien is funny.”
Mark Alexander
The Late Show is “comedian” Stephen Colbert’s political soap box. He is yet another “useful idiot” and insufferable leftist megalomaniac who has a serial penchant for being tone deaf.
After Joe Biden’s rambling and raging State of the Union, replete with a plethora of fabrications, the Daily Show X feed took a shot at Georgia Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, who baited Biden into mentioning the name of young Laken Riley in his address. Greene’s district is in Riley’s home state.
Biden admitted that “Lincoln Riley” was recently killed by one of his illegal alien thugs. That’s right — he could not get her name right even though he was holding a button Greene had given him with her name. That careless indifference and his dismissal of her murder, resulted in a lot of outrage. Riley’s mom declared, “Biden does not even KNOW my child’s name — it’s pathetic! If you are going to say her name at least say the right name!”
For several weeks, Biden and his Leftmedia cadres have launched a strategy to divert attention from the surge of violent crime committed by illegal aliens on his watch by declaring that protesting the violence is “RACIST!!!!”
To that end, in a social media post The Late Show dropped a photo of Greene in the “Say Her Name — Laken Riley” shirt she wore to Biden’s SOTU when she gave him the button with the same message. Colbert’s show platform posted the photo under the heading: “When you’re a waitress at K.K.K. Fridays.”
Taking a shot at Greene for standing up for Laken Riley is, by extension, taking a shot at Laken Riley.
The social media responses were swift and brutal:
“Laken Riley was ᖯlυⅾɡеοnеⅾ, rареⅾ and ⅿυrⅾеrеⅾ by an illegal… so you decided to sh*t on the congresswoman who actually represents our rage. Radical progressives have subsumed the democrats and sacrificed humor at the alter [sic] of woke dogma.”
“They think a woman getting raped and murdered by an illegal alien is funny.”
“Wrong party,” was posted with a picture of Klansmen marching at the 1924 Democratic National Convention.
“Democrats founded the KKK…”
“Seems like a good time to remind the poorly educated that the Democrats are the party of segregation, Jim Crow laws, the KKK, and slavery.”
One response featured a news article about Joe Biden, in which he was quoted as saying, “I don’t want my children to grow up in a jungle, a racial jungle.”
“Biden gave former KKK [member] Robert Byrds eulogy. He called him a mentor. Sit down.”
“At least [Greene] hasn’t literally eulogized [a member of the] KKK, calling him a ‘mentor’ and ‘dear friend.’”
“How dare she care about a 22 year old American girl murdered by an illegal alien.”
“This was a woman bludgeoned, raped, and murdered you absolute garbage humans.”
A photo of Congressional Democrat women wearing all white at a Trump SOTU was accompanied by: “When you are waitressing at K.K.K. Friday’s but you forgot your hood.”
“You’re whining about a T-SHIRT rather than recognizing a senseless murder,” was accompanied by a photo of Laken Riley and the illegal alien accused of murdering her.
The objections to the Late Show post notwithstanding, leftists actually thrive on being tone-deaf.
Comment | Share
Hur Publicly Confirms Biden’s Failing Memory — Special Counsel Robert Hur’s testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on Joe Biden’s mishandling of classified documents.
‘The Worst Medical Scandal In History’ — The recently dropped WPATH Files on X by independent journalist Michael Schellenberger revealed some deeply concerning truths about what these doctors and advisors really think and how they operate.
The New Praetorian Guard? — Steve Green brings shocking news of the U.S. military’s new, woke training materials. Suffice it to say they don’t paint a picture of a country worth dying for.
The FBI Collecting Bank Records Without a Warrant — At a House Weaponization Committee hearing, Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) raises concern over the federal government accessing Americans’ bank records without a warrant.
‘Reformed’ Criminal Activist Busted in Horrific NYC Murder — It happened just a month after appearing on Joe Rogan’s show discussing how he’s turned his life around.
Drama With Principal Over Student’s Truck and USA Flag — A high school student from Indiana has gone viral after his school’s administration asked him to remove the American flag from the back of his pickup truck.
Share








        John Stossel
      

         Degrowth
      










        Betsy McCaughey
      

        Is Laken Riley's Life Worth Less Than George Floyd's?
      










        Ben Shapiro
      

        Jonathan Glazer's Evil Oscars Display
      










        Salena Zito
      

        Biden Cannot Afford to Lose a Single Pennsylvania Voter
      










        The Babylon Bee
      

        Millions of British Kids Forced to Live Normal, Happy Lives After UK Bans Puberty Blockers
      




For more of today’s columns, visit Right Opinion.
For the Record
“My team and I conducted a thorough, independent investigation. We identified evidence that the President willfully retained classified materials after the end of his vice presidency, when he was a private citizen.” —Special Counsel Robert Hur, who subsequently decided not to charge Biden because he’s senile
Demo-gogues
“So this lengthy, expensive and independent investigation resulted in a complete exoneration of President Joe Biden.” —Rep. Pramila Jayapal (D-WA) (“I did not exonerate him. That word does not appear in the report, Congresswoman.” —Robert Hur)
“Mr. Hur, you cannot tell me you’re so naive as to think your words would not have created a political firestorm. You understood that … when you decided to go beyond specific references to documents, you understood how they would be manipulated by my colleagues here on the GOP side of the aisle by President Trump. … That was a political choice. It was the wrong choice.” —Rep. Adam Schiff, who manipulated evidence to help impeach Trump twice (“I could have written my report theoretically in a way that omitted references to the president’s memory. But that would have been an incomplete and improper report.” —Robert Hur)
“You use your report to trash and smear President Biden. … You knew that that would play into the Republicans’ narrative that the President is unfit for office because he’s senile.” —Rep. Hank “Guam might capsize” Johnson
Cognitive Impairment
“Biden is asked whether all materials marked ‘Eyes Only’ is classified. ‘I’m not sure.’ This transcript will be a gold mine for Trump in classified documents case.” —Julie Kelly
“Biden doesn’t have a stutter. He has dementia. You know it, I know it, and everyone with eyes and ears knows it. He’s a senile, demented old man who has no idea who or where he is half the time.” —Sean Davis
Biden’s Budget Nightmare
“President Biden treats the taxpayers as though we are limitless ATMs. Every dollar taken by the government from those who earned it is a dollar not spent on a family’s dinner table, a child’s education, or a retirement plan.” —Senator Rand Paul
“Why is the federal government not even close to a balanced budget? … Economies that are actually thriving don’t need a federal government spending $1.8 trillion more than it is taking in.” —Dominic Pino
“The president isn’t simply raising taxes to close the deficit, he’s raising it to expand government.” —Manhattan Institute’s Brian Riedl
“If you make $50,000 a year and you’re already $340,000 in debt, why not put $73,000 more on the credit card for funsies?” —Commodore Vanderbilt
“Notice Democrats never suggest cutting a single dollar in spending, or eliminating programs that don’t work, or have exceeded their "sell-by” date. Instead, they demand more from the successful to subsidize and buy votes from people who pay no taxes, many of whom receive government checks.“ —Cal Thomas
Re: The Left
"Joe Biden has more respect for the dignity of illegal aliens crossing our border than he does for the victims of criminal illegal aliens. Where was Laken Riley’s dignity when her skull was being crushed?” —Gary Bauer
Trump Derangement Syndrome
“If your response to Trump’s assault on our democracy is to lie & cover up what he did, attack the brave men & women who came forward with the truth, and defend the criminals who violently assaulted the Capitol, you need to rethink whose side you’re on. Hint: It’s not America’s.” —Liz Cheney (“This week further evidence revealed it was Liz Cheney who lied and covered up the truth, concealing much exculpatory evidence from her show trial rooted in her overwhelming hatred for one man and his supporters. She should definitely rethink about what side she’s on.” —Mollie Hemingway)
And Last
“I feel like Israel causes a lot of problems by being the one country in the Middle East that isn’t Muslim majority while at the same time being the best country there to live in by an order of magnitude.” –Frank J. Fleming
Comment | Share
Share
For more of today’s memes, visit the Memesters Union.
Share
For more of today’s cartoons, visit the Cartoons archive.
Please join us in prayer for our nation — that righteous leaders would rise and prevail and we would be united as Americans. Pray also for the protection of our Military Patriots, Veterans, First Responders, and their families. Please lift up your Patriot team and our mission to support and defend our Republic’s Founding Principle of Liberty, that the fires of freedom would be ignited in the hearts and minds of our countrymen.
Thank you for supporting our nation’s premier online journal of Liberty.
Semper Vigilans Fortis Paratus et Fidelis

Read The Mid-Day Digest



Executive News Summary



Christine Flowers
In Battleground Library, Controversial Books Are Reinstated


The Washington Stand
Raining on Pride’s Parade: More Companies Bolt From June’s Revelry


Michael Reagan
Putting a Liberal Spin on Trump’s First 100 Days


Ben Shapiro
What Does Russia Want?


Tim Graham
Is Oklahoma in Danger of ‘Satanic School’?


Josh Hammer
The Art of a Second Iran Deal


Victor Davis Hanson
The Trump Counterrevolution and the Moral Ledger


Ann Coulter
Prosecute Mayorkas. For Murder.



The Patriot's Beginning




Patriot's Primer on American Liberty




The Patriot Foundation Trust




Our Military Mission of Service


END OF WATCH
“There is nothing absurd or impracticable in the idea of a league or alliance between independent nations for certain defined purposes precisely stated in a treaty regulating all the details of time, place, circumstance, and quantity; leaving nothing to future discretion; and depending for its execution on the good faith of the parties.” —Alexander Hamilton (1787)
The Patriot Post is a highly acclaimed weekday digest of news analysis, policy and opinion written from the heartland — as opposed to the MSM’s ubiquitous Beltway echo chambers — for grassroots leaders nationwide. More
We provide solid conservative perspective on the most important issues, including analysis, opinion columns, headline summaries, memes, cartoons and much more.
Choose our full-length Digest or our quick-reading Snapshot for a summary of important news. We also offer Cartoons & Memes on Monday and Alexander’s column on Wednesday.
The Patriot Post is steadfast in our mission to extend the endowment of Liberty to the next generation by advocating for individual rights and responsibilities, supporting the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and promoting free enterprise, national defense and traditional American values. We are a rock-solid conservative touchstone for the expanding ranks of grassroots Americans Patriots from all walks of life. Our mission and operation budgets are not financed by any political or special interest groups, and to protect our editorial integrity, we accept no advertising. We are sustained solely by you. Please support The Patriot Fund today!
The Patriot Post and Patriot Foundation Trust, in keeping with our Military Mission of Service to our uniformed service members and veterans, are proud to support and promote the National Medal of Honor Heritage Center, the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, both the Honoring the Sacrifice and Warrior Freedom Service Dogs aiding wounded veterans, the Tunnel to Towers Foundation, the National Veterans Entrepreneurship Program, the Folds of Honor outreach, and Officer Christian Fellowship, the Air University Foundation, and Naval War College Foundation, and the Naval Aviation Museum Foundation. "Greater love has no one than this, to lay down one's life for his friends." (John 15:13)

FAQ
      /
      Contact Us
      /
      Terms of Use
      /
      Privacy Policy
      /
      Reprinting Policy

★ PUBLIUS ★
“Our cause is noble; it is the cause of mankind!” —George Washington
Please join us in prayer for our nation — that righteous leaders would rise and prevail and we would be united as Americans. Pray also for the protection of our Military Patriots, Veterans, First Responders, and their families. Please lift up your Patriot team and our mission to support and defend our Republic's Founding Principle of Liberty, that the fires of freedom would be ignited in the hearts and minds of our countrymen.
The Patriot Post is protected speech, as enumerated in the First Amendment and enforced by the Second Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America, in accordance with the endowed and unalienable Rights of All Mankind.
Copyright © 2025 The Patriot Post. All Rights Reserved.
The Patriot Post does not support Internet Explorer. We recommend installing the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, or Google Chrome.