The NFL star shared on New Heights he was particularly excited about his visit to the Flower Dome glass greenhouse.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Travis Kelce is becoming quite the global jet-setter thanks to his relationship with Taylor Swift. Most recently, the Kansas City Chiefs tight end flew across the world to be with his superstar girlfriend during her six-night run of Eras Tour shows in Singapore, a trip he opened up about in the latest episode of his New Heights podcast Wednesday (March 13).

	“I got to see two amazing shows of the Eras tour,” he told his older brother and co-host Jason Kelce, who recently retired from the Philadelphia Eagles. “The last of the leg that Taylor has until she’s back at it here in a couple of months.”

	










	“But yeah outside of that, I got to get some lovely Singapore food and just catch the views,” he added.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The highlight of his trip, he revealed, was visiting the world’s largest glass greenhouse: the Flower Dome, located at Gardens by the Bay in Singapore. “How about that?” Travis said excitedly. “It was cool as f–k. They had the world’s, like, biggest waterfall in a greenhouse too. It was awesome, man.”

	In clips from the “Anti-Hero” singer’s March 8 show at Singapore’s National Stadium, the Ohio native happily dances along to Swift’s performance of “Look What You Made Me Do” with friends. After the concert, fans spotted him kissing the pop star before walking with her backstage.

	A couple weeks prior, he caught a show in Australia and visited the Sydney Zoo with the 14-time Grammy winner. When asked by Jason on the podcast which city he preferred, Travis replied, “I absolutely love them both.” 

	“I want to see more of Australia, I feel like I got to see a little bit more of Singapore,” he added. “I’m gonna say Singapore was more interesting.”

	Watch the latest episode of New Heights above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.