Russ will begin his 10 date tour on May 31 in Seattle and will wrap up on June 28 in Brooklyn, N.Y.AP
Russ has announced a handful of show dates for this summer, so you better act fast if you want tickets.
His “It was you all along” tour will begin on May 31 in Seattle and will wrap up on June 28 in Brooklyn, N.Y.
This 10 date tour will be in support of his most recent album, “SANTIAGO.”
6LACK and Melii will join Russ for the duration of his mini tour.
If you want to hear hits, like “See You Soon,” “Smooth,” “Fraud” and “Empty” live, then you need to secure tickets.
Russ’ “It was you all along” tour tickets go on sale to the public on March 15 at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
Tickets to see the multi-platinum artist on tour are currently available on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
Plus, you can get several benefits from attending Russ’ show at Barclays Center, if you use your American Express debit or credit card. These include access to the American Express Card Member Entrance and 10% off food and drinks at concession stands.
A complete list of Russ’ tour dates is available here.
Russ is not the only artist heading out on tour.
Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss out on: Taylor Swift, Billy Joel, Nicki Minaj and Stevie Nicks.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices