When it comes to spectator style, Taylor Swift always brings her A-game.
And while getting bejeweled in over $50,000 worth of Super Bowl bling à la Swift is out of reach for most of us, the BaubleBar Kansas City Chiefs necklace ($44 $33) she wore to Travis Kelce’s final NFL playoff game (or should we say, the season’s “End Game”?) won’t break the bank.
Created in collaboration with Erin Andrews’ Wear label, the design flew off the shelves shortly after earning Swift’s stamp of approval. But on Wednesday, it was finally restocked — and what’s more, it’s 25% off during the bling brand’s semi-annual Friends & Family Event. 
“​​There are so many fun ways to cheer for your team and also look fashionable at the same time,” Andrews told Page Six Style of her jewelry collection for BaubleBar in November.
The restock also brought back more of the brand’s NFL-themed styles, which can be customized to root for any team (including the Chiefs).
Highlights include the Gold Curb Chain Bracelet ($44 $33), Chiefs Earrings Set ($58 $44) and Eras Tour-appropriate Woven Friendship Bracelet ($46 $35), the latter spelling out “Chiefs Kingdom” in bold gold letters.
In addition to football-themed fashion, BaubleBar’s sweeping sale includes celeb-loved items like the Pimento Memento Martini Earrings ($48 $36), which Blake Lively called “fab” after her New Year’s Eve celebration this year.
BaubleBar bling isn’t the only budget-friendly buy Swift’s incorporated into her game-day looks, however, as the Sheertex Modern Diamond Sheer Rip Resistant Tights ($99 $35) — also currently on major sale — have popped up in several of her recent outfits.
And last September, she kicked off the season with trendy New Balance 550 sneakers ($150) teamed with a crisp white Dôen Lois tank ($98) — the latter of which was also recently restocked after swiftly selling out.
She’s also peppered her outfits with sweet shoutouts to Kelce, from a Santa hat emblazoned with his number in December to a Wove custom tennis friendship bracelet adorned with “TNT” — for Travis and Taylor, of course — at February’s AFC Championship Game.