By JAMES VITUSCKA and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  16:30, 13 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:45, 13 March 2024   
 37
View  comments
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are set to make the most of their upcoming free time together, with the smitten duo finally getting the chance to 'play house' and experience being a 'normal couple.'
The pair have had to squeeze in time around Travis' NFL season and Super Bowl victory with the Kansas City Chiefs, as well as Taylor's ongoing Eras World Tour.
But with the singer on a much-needed break until May and Travis enjoying his offseason before training camp kicks off in July, the couple can finally enjoy having 'no commitments' - and they're planning on spending it cooking and sleeping in at his home in Missouri and her base in New York.
'This is the first time the two of them have had no commitments and they are both really looking forward to being a normal couple and playing house,' a source exclusively revealed to DailyMail.com.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are set to make the most of their upcoming free time together, a source has revealed
Insiders say the smitten duo are looking forward to finally getting the chance to act like a 'normal couple' and 'play house' in the next few weeks
Taylor is known for spending her downtime baking and hosting friends - and the singer is said to be looking forward to doing the same with her partner.
'She is looking forward to sleeping in and cooking dinners at home,' the source continued. 
'They both want their relationship to be as normal as possible and it works because they are both very aware of their fame but neither let it go to their heads.'
However, the duo will still have to travel back and forth between their home bases in Kansas City, Missouri and New York City as Taylor prepares for the release of her next studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, on April 19.
The insider continued: 'They will split their time between his house and NYC. Taylor is off Eras until May but that doesn’t mean she’s off completely. 
'She is working on her push for everything Tortured Poets in April and Travis is going to be there every step of the way.'
Travis has already proven his dedication to making time for the pop superstar in recent weeks after he flew to Australia and South East Asia in order to support her.
The NFL player watched his girlfriend perform in Singapore last week before they enjoyed a romantic dinner together.
Their relationship kicked off at a busy time in their careers - but NFL star Travis now has a lengthy break before he has to resume training with the Kansas City Chiefs in July
Meanwhile, Taylor's hugely successful Eras world tour is on a break until May, meaning she can spend more time Stateside
Prior to the meet-up, Travis and Taylor's last encounter was in Sydney, Australia where they took a trip to the zoo during her downtime.
The pair flew back to the US to kick off their time off together in true A-list style, partying at Madonna's exclusive post-Oscars soiree in the Hollywood Hills on Sunday night.
According to British Vogue, the couple led a cavalcade of stars at the event including, Salma Hayek, Lily Gladstone, Jennifer Lawrence, Colman Domingo, Chris Rock and Matthew McConaughey. 
They managed to evade photos due to the event’s strict no-cameras policy. 
Taylor and Travis have been dating since last summer, with the sportsman reportedly already providing inspiration for his girlfriend's music.
A source told Us Weekly: 'Taylor has already written songs about Travis. She's written at least two songs. They have to do with their love story and falling in love with him.'
However, Taylor allegedly has no plans to release the songs just yet, with the insider adding: 'She likely won't share them with anyone. They're very special. 
'Songs are like poetry to her. Just like most people journal, Taylor writes lyrics. Her relationship with Travis has inspired her.'
An insider dished: ''This is the first time the two of them have had no commitments and they are both really looking forward to being a normal couple'
The source added: '[Taylor] is looking forward to sleeping in and cooking dinners at home'
Taylor and Travis were secretly dating for a few months before making their public debut at one of his Kansas City Chiefs games last September.
The singer, whose Eras Tour will stream on Disney+ from Friday, told Time magazine that she and Travis started dating just after she heard he tried to give her a friendship bracelet with his number on it in July.
She said: 'So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I'm grateful for, because we got to get to know each other.
'I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.'
Since then, she has publicly supported him at a number of games, while he travelled to South America, Australia and South East Asia to return the favor.
When the singer does resume her tour in Europe, Travis is expected to follow her from country to country for the first half of her four-month run of dates across the continent. 
Taylor's family are said to be 'relieved' that she is dating the 6'5 NFL star because he can 'keep her safe.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group