We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"It was just a little flat."
Golden Globes host Jo Koy has admitted he regrets his "weird joke" about Taylor Swift during the weekend's ceremony.
The comedian's turn overseeing Sunday's (January 7) ceremony was largely slated across the board, and one moment in particular which fell flat was a joke aimed at the 'Cruel Summer' singer, who was in the audience.
Referring to Swift's recent attendance of boyfriend Travis Kelce's NFL games, Koy told the audience: “The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL? On the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift, I swear.”
Related: Pedro Pascal explains arm sling at Golden Globes
The singer was then filmed looking less than impressed as she sipped her drink.
Speaking after the ceremony, Koy was asked on GMA3 whether there were any moments he felt bad about, the comedian replying: “I think it was when the Taylor [Swift] one was just a little flat… It was a weird joke, I guess.
"But it was more on the NFL. I was trying to make fun of the NFL using cutaways and how the Globes didn’t have to do that. So it was more of a jab toward the NFL. But it just didn’t come out that way.”
Speaking more widely about his hosting, Koy reflected: “I had fun. You know, it was a moment that I’ll always remember. It’s a tough room. It was a hard job, I’m not going to lie."
Related: The Boy and the Heron marks first Golden Globe win for Hayao Miyazaki
He added: "I’d be lying if [I said] it doesn’t hurt. I hit a moment there where I was like, ‘Ah’. Hosting is just a tough gig. Yes, I’m a stand-up comic but that hosting position it’s a different style.
"I kind of went in and did the writer’s thing. We just had 10 days to write this monologue. It was a crash course. I feel bad, but I got to still say I loved what I did.” 
The Golden Globes' big movie winner was Oppenheimer, which walked away with five gongs include Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama for Cillian Murphy, while Succession came out on top in the TV side of things.
The ceremony also saw Killers of the Flower Moon's Lily Gladstone and Beef's Ali Wong make history with their respective acting wins.
Sam is a freelance reporter and sub-editor who has a particular interest in movies, TV and music. After completing a journalism Masters at City University, London, Sam joined Digital Spy as a reporter, and has also freelanced for publications such as NME and Screen International.  Sam, who also has a degree in Film, can wax lyrical about everything from Lord of the Rings to Love Is Blind, and is equally in his element crossing every 't' and dotting every 'i' as a sub-editor.
Casualty casts former Corrie star in mystery role
George Lucas finally explains Yoda mystery
Benedict Cumberbatch's new movie gets UK release
Home and Away's Mali to be publicly humiliated
Taskmaster star's beloved show axed after 15 years
Corrie's Sam Aston on filming with "daft" co-star
Stacey Solomon reveals "biggest issue" in marriage
Annihilation lands new UK streaming home
Stand-up Milton Jones reveals cancer diagnosis
CBB's JoJo clarifies friendship with Chris
David Tennant shares Good Omens return update
Brenda Blethyn confirmed for new Yorkshire drama
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.