We asked experts what every celeb is asking for in the salon chair rn.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
As far as I'm concerned, the first day over 50 degrees and sunny marks the beginning of spring (at least in NYC). But ya know what else constitutes the beginning of springtime? Taking a spring 2024 hair trend for a spin. Whether it's a massive chop, a bold new color, or simply a new 'do with some hair accessories or styling products, it feels good to finally get out of the winter slump and play with your hair again. 
Luckily, the biggest spring hair trends of the year have all your bases covered, from tiny tweaks (i.e. layered haircuts and chic updos) to whole transformations (ahem, vivid red hair colors and choppy bobs). I did a deep dive on Instagram of the most popular haircuts, colors, and styles rn, plus consulted with a few experts for their tips. Keep reading: 
Listen, with hair accessories in 2024, pretty much anything goes. We're talking big scrunchies, flower clips, headbands, bows—you name it, it's trending rn. And dare I say, this is a win for lazy people everywhere. Just throw on an accessory, lightly style, and boom, you're done. I'm seriously obsessed with Madelaine Petsch's look above—the giant headband and major volume at the crown are giving serious '60s energy.
According to hairstylist Lauren Mildice, a soft, subtle blonde will be the preference among celebs this season (like Sydney Sweeney above, or Taylor Swift, for example). "Spring is going to be a softer approach for hair color," she explains. "Ask for a light, faded 'sombré' starting with a light brown at the roots fading to soft blonde ends," she suggests, and make sure to tell your colorist that you want to see dimension throughout your mid-length to ends to help create that gradual blend. (Sombré, for the uninitiated, is a mash-up of "soft" and "ombré.")
Not only is this color so dreamy and cloudlike, but it's also pretty low-maintenance as far as blondes go, thanks to the shadow root. But you'll probably want to coat your hair in a gloss every two weeks to keep it shiny and healthy. And as with any blonde color, always incorporate protein treatments and bond-builders like Olaplex and K18 to help strengthen your hair. 
From Becky G (above) to Dove Cameron to Dua Lipa to Garcelle Beauvais, literally everyone is trading their hair color in for bold, ruby hue. And it's only going up from here, according to hairstylist Renée Valerie. It adds depth and warmth to your color without going for the typical ginger spice shade that's been popular the last few years.
But the key to this look is going to be keeping your color as vivid and shiny for as long as possible, since red is historically difficult to upkeep. Make sure to wash your hair with shampoo for color-treated hair (AKA a formula with no stripping sulfates and lots of moisturizing ingredients), and avoid heat styling as much as possible (which can cause fading). You can also coat your hair in a red color-depositing conditioner once or twice a month.
Gone are the days of the shaggy, chopping bob haircut—in 2024, bobs are chic again, thanks to this look on Zendaya. The "baroque bob" refers to a rounded, soft bob haircut that hits right above your shoulders. But where it gets its name is how its styled—usually with big, soft, sculpturesque waves (I mean, it's inspired by the Renaissance, after all). 
To get it yourself, ask your stylist for a classic blunt bob cut, but the real work happens when you're styling at home. The Dyson AirWrap or Shark FlexStyle will be your BFFs for this look to create those round, bouncy curls. Or you can try running a hot air brush through your hair, then pinning your hair up with rollers to set the style, helping to achieve hella volume.
Big hair is back, bb, especially with these full, plush waves on Jennifer Lopez. They have a rounded, voluminous shape that legit looks good on every single face shape, hair color, and texture. Choose a 1.5 to 1.75 in curling iron to create these undefined waves, and once they cool, brush them through with a boar-bristle brush to make them look v soft. Smooth a hair cream through your hair as your final step to slick down any flyways. 
In recent years, we've watched the wolf cut, the fox cut, and the butterfly cut all rise to fame—but 2024's iteration is the "kitty cut," a medium-length shag style that focuses on face-framing layers and longer layers throughout to add a lil volume.
As you can tell, this haircut is genius for curls, as it plays so well with your natural texture and movement (just peep Liza Koshy's hair above). Just make sure you chat with your stylist beforehand about exactly how layered and shaggy you want the cut, as this look can definitely veer a bit choppier and mullet-like or go really subtle and soft, depending on your vibes.
Inspired by the late singer, actress, and fashion icon (ahem, ever heard of the Birkin bag?) Jane Birkin, this bang trend is all about blunt, long bangs that graze your eyebrows. They have a wispiness and movement to them that automatically feel like a statement, even when your hair is undone. 
Consider the "Birkin bangs" an update on the '70s curtain bangs we've seen the past few years. However, the styling is a smidge difference since you're not going for those big swoops. Instead, brush your bangs forward with a round brush, then blow dry. Feel free to add in some mousse to give them more texture and volume. 
Spring 2024 is all about options, and a long, layered haircut will give you endless styling ability (meaning it'll be easy AF to combine all of these hairstyle trends). It adds a '90s glam to your look with pretty minimal effort. Just make sure you're keeping your ends smooth and healthy by loading up on deep conditioner once a week and bonding treatments once or twice a month. The only thing that could ruin this look is a whole lotta split ends, TBH. 
A sleek bun, French twist, or chignon never exactly went out of style, but it's back in a big way now. It's an elegant, chic way to dress up any look, whether you're in jeans and a tee or a gown for an event (á la Gigi Hadid above). Plus, it's shockingly easy to recreate yourself, so long as you have the tools. Prep your hair with a styling gel that'll give it some hold and shine, then use a boar-bristle brush to slick your hair back. From there, you can play around with different shapes for your updo, whether you keep it sleek and tight, or opt for a messy, undone situation.
Beth Gillette is the beauty editor at Cosmopolitan with nearly six years of experience researching, writing, and editing hair stories that range from vitamins for hair-growth to curly hair products. She’s an authority in all hair categories, but is an expert when it comes to 2024 spring hair trends, thanks to researching what's on runways and chatting with experts. 
Beth Gillette is the beauty editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers skincare, makeup, hair, nails, and more across digital and print. She can generally be found in bright eyeshadow furiously typing her latest feature or hemming and hawing about a new product you "have to try." Prior to Cosmopolitan, she wrote and edited beauty content as an Editor at The Everygirl for four years. Follow her on Instagram for makeup selfies and a new hair 'do every few months. 
All the Dirty Blonde Hair Color Inspo You Need
18 Best Fall Hair Trends, According to Celebs
Confirmed: Ash Brown Hair Is Winning This Fall
20 Hair Color Ideas to Screenshot for Spring
11 Products Every Redhead Needs in Their Hair Kit
FYI, These Are the Biggest Winter 2023 Hair Trends
Alert: 2023’s Fall Hair Trends Are *Good*
The *Best* Hair Dyes for Dark Hair, Period
Show Your Stylist These Blue Hair Ideas ASAP
39 Gray Hairstyles You Need to Try ASAP
Blue Shampoo Is Your Brunette Hair’s BFF
Pls Screenshot These Rainbow Hair Ideas Now
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.