Travis Kelce recalled some of the “unique” details about his reunion with girlfriend Taylor Swift in Singapore last week. 
The Kansas City Chiefs star, 34, detailed his whirlwind visit to Asia on Wednesday’s episode of his “New Heights” podcast, revealing he’s a “big plant guy.” 
“Fun times in Singapore,” Travis told his co-host, big brother Jason Kelce.
“I got to check out the world’s largest greenhouse. How about that? I’m a big plant guy. Loved seeing f–king enormous trees. It was cool as f–k, they had the world’s biggest waterfall in a greenhouse, too,” he added enthusiastically. 
“It was awesome man. Everything was blooming at the same time, it was so f–king unique and so nice.”
The three-time Super Bowl champion also lauded his “amazing” girlfriend, who is taking her Eras Tour around the world this year.
“I got to see two amazing shows of the Eras Tour. The last of the leg that Taylor has until she’s back at it here in a couple months,” he said. “Yeah outside of that, got to eat some lovely Singapore food and just catch the views. Everything over there just seems so nice.”
After dancing energetically at her concert, and stepping out for a romantic dinner date together, the pair jetted back to the US to attend a 2024 Oscars afterparty together.
Though the pop star and her athlete beau, both 34, weren’t at the ceremony itself, they partied the night away at Madonna and Guy Oseary’s starry bash, held at the talent manager’s Hollywood Hills home.
They were able to evade the paparazzi thanks to to the no-cameras policy at the Gucci-sponsored fête, which was also attended by stars like Lily Gladstone, Jennifer Lawrence, Salma Hayek, Robert De Niro, Matthew McConaughey and Lenny Kravitz. 
For more Page Six you love…
Both Swift and Travis are becoming accustomed to jetting around the world for each other. The NFL player spent a whirlwind two days Down Under while the “Lover” singer performed in Sydney.
She returned the favor by flying to Las Vegas to cheer him on to victory at the 2024 Super Bowl. 
The 14-time Grammy winner previously spoke out about the importance of supporting her partner — and having that support reciprocated. 
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” she told TIME in December. 
“The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other.”
Advertisement