Travis Kelce had a little twinkle in his eye while referencing Taylor Swift during a recent interview. The NFL pro adorably responded to a question about the "most famous person" in his contact list while name-dropping another A-lister. 
Kelce was all smiles in a TikTok clip posted by his team, the Kansas City Chiefs, in which he was asked to name the biggest celebrity whose number he has stored in his phone. After mulling the question over for a brief moment, the interviewer jokes, "Don't give us the easy answer, Trav." 
"The easy answer, you guys know the easy answer," he says with a knowing smile, tilting his head to the side. 
"J.T., Justin Timberlake," he adds with a look and a point at the camera. 
When asked whether Timberlake would pick up if Kelce called him at that moment, the Chiefs tight end has no hesitation. 
"No," he says. "Not a chance." 
Directing his remarks to Timberlake directly, Kelce adds, "I appreciate you!" 
He explains that the *NSYNC alum is "a busy man." 
On Sunday, Kelce was ruled inactive for his final game of the regular season as the Kansas City Chiefs beat the Los Angeles Chargers 13-12 at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California. 
With no playoff implications on the line during the matchup, starters like Patrick Mahomes, Rashee Rice, Kadarius Toney, L'Jarius Sneed, Mike Danna and Donovan Smith were also ruled inactive. Why? Primarily to keep them healthy and not risk injury as they head into next weekend's playoffs. There was also no point in the Chiefs playing their star players, given that the team is 100 percent locked in with the no. 3 playoff seed in the AFC. Meaning that, win or lose against the Chargers, the Chiefs would not have bettered or worsened their playoff position.
A mere 13 miles away, Swift attended the 81st Golden Globe Awards at the Beverly Hilton. Her Taylor Swift / The Eras Tour Film was nominated in the first-time category of Cinematic and Box Office Achievement alongside fellow 2023 smash hits Barbie, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, John Wick: Chapter 4, Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One, Oppenheimer, Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse and The Super Mario Bros. Movie -- but ultimately lost out to Barbie.
Amid their separate engagements, Swift still had an enchanting evening after hitting the red carpet in a sparkling green Gucci sequin gown that she accessorized with De Beers jewelry and Christian Louboutin shoes.
She wore her hair down and wavy and despite her good pal, Selena Gomez, also being at the awards ceremony, she posed solo on the carpet. However, she didn't come alone to the star-studded gala. The singer's plus-one for the evening was her good friend, Keleigh Teller.
Swift is gearing up to return to the stage as her Eras Tour resumes next month. Meanwhile, Kelce has his sights set on another Super Bowl. 
"They love being together no matter what they’re doing and appreciate the little things in life. They try to lead as normal lives as possible as a couple and are enjoying the upswing and growth in their relationship. They believe that timing is everything and that this is their time," a source recently told ET of the couple's relationship.
"Their families are both on board and everyone on Travis’ side loves Taylor and vice versa. It’s a supportive dynamic all around," the source continued. "Their loved ones have never seen either of them so happy and hope and believe that it will continue."
RELATED CONTENT: 
Video
News
Golden Globes
Golden Globes
News