LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA – FEBRUARY 05: Beyoncé accepts Best Dance/Electronic Music Album for “Renaissance” onstage during the 65th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com Arena on February 05, 2023 in Los Angeles, California.
Beyoncé has officially announced her country album which will serve as Act II in the Renaissance trilogy. In an announcement via her official shop on Instagram, the singer has named the album Cowboy Carter.  The singer also reposted an image of the sash that reads Cowboy Carter to her personal Instagram profile.
In addition to the name announcement, fans can pre-order the vinyl and limited edition merch on her website www.beyonce.com.  The vinyl comes in three different colors all with their individual album covers as well. You can select a black, white, red, or blue. The site also offers different box sets such as a red and white ringer t-shirt with a CD and a black and white tee with a CD.

A post shared by

Besides the two songs she has released: "Texas Hold 'Em" and "16 Carriages," there has been no confirmation on a tracklist or features. However, there has been a lot of speculation as to what the upcoming album will entail. Country legend Dolly Parton is predicting that the singer will do a cover of her 1973 hit "Jolene."
"I think she's recorded 'Jolene,' and I think it's probably gonna be on her country album, which I'm very excited about that," Parton said in an interview, per People.
Another speculation is that the singer will get a feature from Taylor Swift, who started her career as a country music artist.
Last month Killah B, who wrote and produced "Texas Hold 'Em," spoke to TMZ of the possibility of a Taylor Swift collaboration for Renaissance: Act II.
"You gonna have to wait and see," he said, adding, "Let’s just say she is on the approach of shocking the world. I’ll let your imagination decide what that means."
Beyoncé's team has not confirmed the "Jolene" news, nor has a Taylor Swift feature been announced.
Country Carter is out on March 29.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!