Disney+ is offering new subscribers a month of streaming all the films and movies they can handle for just £1.99 - but you'll have to be quick if you want to snag the special deal. 
That's because it ends today.
The streaming service is currently offering a month's worth of film and TV for just £1.99 - which is the equivalent of less than 50p per week through its Epic Movies, Epic Offer deal. It's available to both new and returning customers, and those who subscribe will get access to the Standard with Ads plan for £1.99 per month, for three months.
However, the deadline to bag the deal is 11.59pm tonight.
Of course, after the three-month promotional period, the subscription will renew for £4.99 per month - but if Disney+ isn't for you, you can cancel any time. £1.99 per month over the course of the offer will allow you to watch some of the most exciting titles in film and TV in full HD.
And unlike certain other streaming platforms, Disney+ will allow you to stream on two devices at the same time - so no more fighting for the remote! And while the plan does include adverts, Disney say that the 'with Ads' plan will only show around four minutes of ads for every hour of TV.
And unlike normal TV, adverts will only play before you start watching something - not during. The deal lands at a brilliant time with the cost of living crisis still in full swing, allowing people to enjoy luxuries without paying through the nose for them.
No matter your taste, you'll find something on Disney+, from reality TV classics such as Geordie Shore and Dance Moms, to superhero sagas like Loki and Daredevil. There's also all of the Star Wars, Pixar and National Geographic that you can consume, as well as hit shows like Welcome to Wrexham and Taylor Swift's Eras Tour.
Those who cant hack adverts may choose to upgrade to a Standard or Premium plan for £7.99 per month and £10.99 per month respectively. And there are a number of other platforms to make the most of if Disney isn't your thing, like Netflix, Amazon Prime, Apple TV and more.
Browse the Disney+ offer here.
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community