Disney+ has made frequent headlines this month thanks to its mega £1.99 streaming deal, it's seen a flurry of fans sign up to the service to watch the likes of TaylorSwift The Eras Tour or Emma Stone's Grammy Award winning performance in Poor Things for one of the cheapest prices ever.
It's all thanks to its deal on the basic 'Standard with Ads' plan, this would usually cost you £4.99 a month but the provider has cut the price to just £1.99 a month - and if you sign up you can lock into this price for a whole three months. As long as you catch the fast approaching deadline.
The deal comes to an end soon at 11.59pm on Thursday, March 14 after which time it'll no longer be available to tap into. Anyone that does catch it in time however will pay just £5.97 across the three months compared to the usual £14.97 price, as long as you don't mind a few advert interruptions.
READ MORE: When and what time Taylor Swift The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version) is out on Disney+
READ MORE: Disney+ deals 2024: Watch hit shows for just £1.99 or get a 12-month subscription for free
The deal is only available to claim on its cheapest Standard with Ads package which will allow you to stream two things at once with 1080p Full HD quality, not too shabby considering you'd pay less than a takeaway coffee each month for this. Other plans to consider is its standard package at £7.99 a month which has the same qualities apart from its appealing ad-free streaming and downloads.
Then there is the £10.99 Premium Disney+ plan, which allows for streaming of up to four shows at once, downloads, ad-free, Dolby Atmos support, and in a fancier 4K UHD and HDR screen quality - if this takes your fancy there is another way to cut the bill by buying a full one-year plan up front for £109.90 will save you £21.98 opposed to if you paid per month.
As some eager fans may already be aware of retailers including Samsung and Tesco Mobile offer free, yes that's right you won't pay a penny, plans if you buy one of their products.
And as the £1.99 deal deadline comes to an end the below tech shopping loopholes could be worth considering.
First, up all you need is a Tesco Clubcard. Shoppers can swap points to cut the price of the service for three months. It'll save you just under £12 overall as the subscription fee drops from a standard plan £7.99 a month to just £4. You can browse all the Tesco Mobile deals online, here.
Our second tip is for all Samsung fans out there who have a new phone on their shopping list - now, these may be pricey but not many people know about the free subscription you'll get to Disney+ when you buy a new Galaxy device - and it's a full 12-month for FREE. To get this you'd need to buy a new Galaxy S24 phone. a Galaxy Z Flip5 or Galaxy Z Fold5 device.
And our third tip is for all SIM shoppers, yes another tech product that'll get you a free subscription. Anyone who buys a SIM-only deal at O2 will get a six-month subscription for free, yes £0. An option to go for if buying a Smausng phone is too out of budget.
O2 SIM plans with free Disney Plus:
Alternatively, Virgin Media is giving away a free 4K LG smart TV or a £250 bill credit when buying selected TV and broadband packages including the Bigger Combo Bundle + Movies and Mega Volt bundle. Sky is offering a one-month free trial of its Sky TV, Sky Stream, Netflix and Discovery+ bundle, while also slashing its Sky Glass and Netflix package to £14 a month for three months.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.