Manage your account
Everyone's a little bit Irish come St. Patrick's Day, which means everyone's looking for a taste of the Emerald Isle.
And while you'll certainly find lots of Irish treats in Yonkers and Pearl River, thanks to their sizeable Irish populations (and large number of bars and restaurants), you'll also find plenty beyond those areas, from a perfectly poured Guinness to Shepherd's Pie and green beer. I even found a spot serving corned beef atop pizza as well as a place featuring complimentary slices of homemade Irish soda bread.
Plus, who's up for some green cider? Or getting your face printed atop a foamy Guinness pint? Dozens of spots across Westchester and Rockland are gearing up for one of America's favorite holidays — and you're definitely invited. Read on for where to go and remember, wearing green is optional!
Everyone loves corned beef and cabbage come St. Paddy's Day so why not enjoy it on a pizza? The Colony Grill serves this decadent creation complete with a mustard mixture until March 17 (and while supplies last). Naturally, for the full Irish experience, it's best paired with Guinness. 35 Abendroth Ave., 914-934-2428, colonygrill.com
St. Patrick's Day 2024: Celebrate with parades in Westchester, Rockland every weekend
There's something about green beer that gets you in the festive mood. You'll find it at this sports bar, known for its array of wings, but you'll also find Great Lakes new Irish ale, on tap this month, in addition to Guinness beef stew, fish and chips and corned beef and cabbage. "Sláinte!" 1927 Commerce St., 914-302-6390, facebook.com/GameDayGrilleYorktown.
Irish soda bread, Irish macaroons and St. Joseph's Day pastry are part of the repertoire at Bella's where the latter is made with a baked light butter flour and an in-house cannoli cream featuring a special impastata ricotta. It's then sprinkled with festive green sprinkles and crowned with a classic maraschino cherry. Order in advance to ensure you get what you want. 69 S. Moger Ave., 914) 864-0311, bellasbakeshop.com.
The week's festivities have already begun at this restaurant where Irish pride is a point of pride. Indulge in bangers and mash, Galway Bay fish and chips, Irish chicken curry, corned beef and cabbage and lots of drink specials along with live music and lots of green-wearing patrons. 431 White Plains Road, 914-395-3838, mickeyspillanes.com
Get your face printed on top of a foaming Guinness sound at this neighborhood fave — or go for your favorite team's logo, a photo of your kids or a shamrock. There are dozens of options here, all super fun and great for the Insta. Simply scan the QR code on the restaurant's menu, upload a pic from your phone, then tell your server the number you received and it will be printed atop your beer in the order received.
There's no extra charge! The restaurant will also have green beer available as well as Irish nachos, corned beef and cabbage, Shepherd's Pie croquettes and Guinness beef stew. Live music starts at 1 p.m. with bagpipers part of the entertainment. There will also be giveaways. 665 Commerce St., 914-495-3333, thebarleyhouseny.com.
How does complimentary homemade Irish soda bread sound? Everyone who dines here March 16 and 17 gets a free slice baked by owner Marc Kenyon's mom Londa Kenyon. The restaurant is also serving green beer along with Irish mules, Irish coffees and other festive drinks along with Guinness stew, corned beer and cabbage and Irish nachos. 334 Underhill Ave., 914-302-7900, ourplaceyorktown.com.
Jameson whiskey barbecue wings anyone? Or how about an Irish Smokehouse burger? This comfy tavern has it all including Shepherd's Pie, potato leek soup and corned beef and cabbage. But the real stars of the show are the homemade chocolate Guinness cake and Irish cream cheesecake. 226 Beekman Ave., 914-332-0078, bridgeviewtavern.com.
Traditional Irish favorites like corned beef and cabbage, Irish lamb stew, bangers and mash are on the menu at this popular restaurant as are beers like Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's and special drinks like a Shamrock Shake martini and frozen (and traditional) Irish coffee. Reilly's Irish flake chocolate bar served with Piermont Creamery ice cream is another fan fave as is the all day Irish breakfast. Expect a lively atmosphere with lots of Irish music piped through the sound system. 457 Piermont Ave., 845-680-0014, reillyspublichouse.com.
Of interest: Get a first look at the rebrand of this iconic Westchester restaurant
Cheers to green beer! Pair the festive drink with nachos, burgers and tacos. The restaurant is also known for its Sunday themed brunches which run the gamut from Galentine's Day to Taylor Swift Eras to Hip Hop and R & B. 55 W Railroad Ave., 845-429-5700, hudsonsmillny.com.
The list of St. Paddy's specials is long and varied at this pizza-forward restaurant where, along with a California Reuben pie (corned beef, sauerkraut, avocado, crema, chipotle sauce, cheddar and a house cheese blend), you'll find corned beef and cabbage, loaded Irish garlic knots, potato cheddar soup and green beer the latter of which is only available March 17.107 NY-303, 845-268-8797, thepiemanvalleycottage.com.
It's always lively at this brew pub which sports 20 draft beer lines and two hand-pulled cask engines featuring libations from across the globe. For St. Paddy's Day, you'll find local New York Irish stouts along with Guinness, Carlsburg and homemade corn beef specials as well as the bar's popular chicken wings. 202 Main St., 845-501-7100 ambulancebrewhouse.com.
Green beer's not the only star of the show come St. Patrick's Day. Red Barn Cidery will be serving "a pot of gold cider," their hard cider blend with a gold rim and a rainbow gummy skewer. They'll also have a hot boozy Irish coffee along with green beer. Hours are noon to sunset-ish Saturday the 16th and Sunday the 17th with bands and food trucks. 306 NY-304, 845-267-8193, redbarncidery.com.
The lilt of Irish voices from either behind the counter or from the dining room makes it easy to feel like you've hopped a plane to the Emerald Isle. Owners Bernie Foley Fitzgerald, Tara Tonner McDonald and Tina Segatta Murphy, aka "The Three Biddies," all of whom are of Irish descent, are offering lots of catering options featuring classics like black and white pudding, corned beef and cabbage and sherry trifle. In store, you'll also find homemade Shepherd's Pie and mint chocolate chip scones in the most perfect shade of green. 44 E. Central Ave., 845-558-3400, thegracierose.com.
Make your St. Paddy's Day sweeter with cupcakes in flavors such as Lucky Charms, Guinness and Baileys, Confetti and Shamrock Shake. You'll also find an array of cookie sandwiches. 40 S Main St., 845-499-2929, cakedupcafe.com.
Raise a glass to the holiday with a shamrock mimosa where you'll also find corned beef egg rolls, fish and chips and a spice bag, chicken tenders with chili spice, peppers and onion. The shamrock mimosa, fyi, is made with Prosecco, orange juice and blue Curacao. 40 S. Main St., 845-795-8100, cafediempr.com.
Jeanne Muchnick covers food and dining. Click here for her most recent articles and follow her latest dining adventures on Instagram @jeannemuchnick or via the lohudfood newsletter. 
This article originally appeared on Rockland/Westchester Journal News: St. Patrick's Day 2024 in Westchester, Rockland NY: What to eat, drink