Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
After the rumor that Travis Kelce was considering an acting career gained traction online, it has been debunked by the X, formerly Twitter, community.
The Kansas City Chiefs' Kelce, with nine Pro Bowl and four first-season All-Pro selections, is widely considered one of the greatest tight ends of all time. He gained international recognition in 2023 when he began dating pop superstar Taylor Swift.
While his career and personal life have kept him busy, that hasn't stopped Film Updates, an entertainment news account on X from saying he was "reportedly interested in pursuing an acting career."
Newsweek reached out to Kelce's publicist for comment via email Tuesday.
At the time of writing the post has been viewed 1.3 million times and has since been updated with a community note, which is a way for readers to add context, or debunk, misleading tweets. It reads: "The caption is click bait and does not support the content of the article. The article is purely speculating and does not claim NFL player Travis Kelce is currently interested in pursuing an acting career."
The Hollywood Reporter reported in May 2023 that Kelce had signed with Creative Artists Agency (CAA) for representation off the field. There hasn't been any update as to what this will specifically entail, nor an official statement saying the football player is set to star in a movie in 2024. This was announced after Kelce's well-received turn as host of Saturday Night Live in March.
Film Updates' source is an article from Puck News that mentioned Kelce might book a movie in 2024. The article, titled "24 Surefire, 100 Percent Probable Hollywood Predictions for 2024,"was a compilation of Hollywood predictions for this year and number 18 in the list was titled: "Travis Kelce Books a Movie."
The article pointed out that with two Super Bowl rings under his belt as well as having been an SNL host, starring in endless commercials, hosting a top 10 podcast and dating Swift, Kelce was "probably the best-positioned athlete for off-the-field stardom since WWE [World Wrestling Entertainment] crossovers Dwayne Johnson and John Cena."
Travis Kelce is reportedly interested in pursuing an acting career.https://t.co/HWCyYbNEDS pic.twitter.com/oPjcrVErbW
The journalist continued: "If I were repping him, I'd probably position him to front a game show or a reality competition. But Kelce is said to want more out of Hollywood than hosting the ESPYs, or a Manningcast-style chat show, or popping up as himself in a comedy, à la Tom Brady in Ted 2.
"And as of last summer, he's got five CAA agents on the case, with Nikki Goldfarb—who's on the teams for Florence Pugh, Natasha Lyonne, and Matt Rife—running point, and even managing partner Richard Lovett involved. They'll probably get him something to shoot this spring or summer."
Whether Kelce will have a movie career or not, people still took to the comments section of the tweet from Film Updates to share their thoughts on the idea—and they were divided.
A variety of X users liked the thought of Kelce having a movie career, with many saying they were impressed with his appearance on SNL and others suggesting it could be his sports retirement plan.
"Him and Ryan Reynolds will [definitely] make a comedy movie! Bookmark this," one person said.
"I mean you've been sleeping. He's signed by CAA and they've already been sending him scripts for roles as well as game shows and took note after he hosted SNL after their superbowl," wrote another.
"After how he carried himself in that SNL episode he hosted, he showed he has potential as a decent comedic actor. Jury's out on whether he'd be a good dramatist," another commented.
A fourth added: "We need him in an [sic] big action movie asap. He will excel so more in biga** action movies than comedy movies/shows."
Not everyone was supportive of the idea of him appearing in movies.
"No one wants this," said one.
"Lord save us," wrote another.
A third added: "PLEASE GOD NO!!!"
While the article from Puck News offered no potential projects for Kelce, this doesn't mean that he won't have a film career in the future.
"When Travis joined the NFL as a rookie, it was clear to us that he had star potential both on and off the field. We have a shared vision of Travis not only as a transcendent athlete, but also as a media and entertainment powerhouse," his managers Aaron and André Eanes previously told The Hollywood Reporter. "We believe the talented CAA team will bring that vision to life and we're excited to embark on this journey together."
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC