Disney+ is offering an eye-catching money-saving deal for TV and film lovers, but you'll have to be quick as it ends this week. The streaming service from the House of Mouse has launched its 'Epic Movies, Epic Offer' promotion and slashed its monthly price to the equivalent of only 50p a week.
With this deal, new and returning customers can sign up to the Disney+ Standard with Ads plan and enjoy the latest and greatest shows and films for £1.99 a month for three months. The deadline to sign up and lock in the £1.99 rate is 11.59pm on Thursday, March 14.
After the three-month promotional period, the plan will auto-renew at the usual monthly price – currently £4.99 a month – but you will then be free to cancel anytime. For just £1.99, Disney+ members can watch the hottest content in full HD 1080p on two devices simultaneously.
If the thought of adverts interrupting your viewing puts you off, Disney+ has said its 'with Ads' plan will only show around four minutes of ads or less for every hour of TV. What's more, ads will only play before a film starts and not during.
The £1.99 deal is a great way to save money and still enjoy top TV shows and films, especially as other streamers increase their prices. The platform has tons of top titles from the likes of Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, Marvel, National Geographic and more.
It is the only place to stream hit shows like The Bear and Welcome to Wrexham – both of which are back for a third season later this year – and new fantasy adventure series Renegade Nell, the latest project from Happy Valley creator Sally Wainwright. Disney+ is also home to the now Oscar-winning film Poor Things, starring two-time Best Actress recipient Emma Stone.
Critics and general audiences are raving about Shōgun, the new samurai epic that has drawn comparisons to Game of Thrones and is now in full swing only on Disney+. But if Taylor Swift is more to your liking, you can catch the extended cut of her concert film, The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version), when it premieres on Friday (March 15).
For those who are into Jedi and superheroes, Disney+ boasts the entire Star Wars saga and most of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, including The Mandalorian, The Bad Batch, The Marvels and the upcoming X-Men '97. There's more on the way this year in the form of new and original Star Wars shows Skeleton Crew and The Acolyte, plus Marvel's Agatha: Darkhold Diaries.
If you'd prefer to stream without the occasional ad, Disney+ also offers the ad-free Standard and Premium plans at £7.99 and £10.99 a month respectively. There's no hidden cost with a monthly Disney+ subscription and it can be cancelled at any time, while customers can get the equivalent of two months free with an annual subscription.
New and returning customers can subscribe to Disney+ Standard with Ads for its Epic Movies, Epic Offer at £1.99/month for three months from February 29 to March 14 2024.
Alternatively, Virgin Media is giving away a free 4K LG smart TV or a £250 bill credit when buying selected TV and broadband packages including the Bigger Combo Bundle + Movies and Mega Volt bundle. Sky is offering a one-month free trial of its Sky TV, Sky Stream, Netflix and Discovery+ bundle, while also slashing its Sky Glass and Netflix package to £14 a month for three months.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.