Singapore was caught up in Taylor Swift fever with the American pop sensation in town for a six-concert Singapore leg of her sixth tour. There was also much excitement over Swift’s Singapore connection with the revelation that her grandmother, soprano Majorie Finlay, “spent a lot of time in Singapore”, and that her mother Andrea, “grew up here”. Screen grabs from Swift’s music video “majorie”, a song Swift wrote in tribute to her grandmother, showing glimpses of her grandmother’s Singapore residence were widely circulated, leading to much speculation as to where the house was and if it was still standing. Without much to go on except for the screen grabs, it would have been looking for a needle in a haystack. 
Identifying the house, however, proved to be less difficult, thanks to childhood friend’s and Singapore American School schoolmates of Andrea Finlay, including Julia Nickson (of Rambo: First Blood Part II fame) and Nancy MacIntyre Hollinshead, who runs “Singapore Childhood Remembered” on Facebook. They were able to provide leads, as well as confirm how the how looked like. 
The leads included the house’s general location “off Whitley Road”, descriptions of the terrain walking up to the house from Whitley Road, as well as a photograph of Andrea with friends taken outside the house that provided vital visual cues. Unfortunately, all that can be said for reasons of privacy (of the current occupants), is that the house is part of Mount Pleasant government housing estate. It is also in a cluster of houses of the same design, with several distinctive features that match the images in the screen grabs and photograph mentioned. A positive identification of the house was made on Wednesday (6 Mar 2024).
See also: The Straits Times, March 122024, Taylor Swift, her mum’s family and a glimpse of a bygone era in Singapore
Mount Pleasant estate
The government housing estate laid out with Mount Pleasant Road as a spine with several branch roads running off it, contains large residences that were built for senior government officers and their families in the 1930s. They accommodated the likes of the Director of Public Works and Director of Civil Aviation, Master Attendant, as well as members of the judiciary. Some of these houses were let out to non-government residents from the late 1950s. 
The residences, which have been referred to as colonial bungalows or “black and white” houses, are of various designs and while given a white finish coat with black details, and perhaps have some features typical of black and white houses, many are not technically not black and white. Common features of these houses are designs to maximise natural ventilation such as generously sized openings, verandahs, pitched roofs with Marseille tiles and use of timber floorboards.  The houses were also laid out on elevated grounds and given expansive gardens and today are surrounded by lush greenery. 
Mount Pleasant and the Battle for Singapore:
Mount Pleasant Road, was where on of the last battle lines was drawn before the guns fell silent on 15 February 1942. Based on the work of battlefield archeologist Jon Cooper, we know that some of the houses along the road witnessed some very fierce battles on the night of the 14th and morning of the 15th of February. More information can be obtained on this in Jon Cooper’s Tigers in the Park.  

« Ten magical spaces in Singapore
The final piece in the refurbishment of the Portuguese Church »

Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

No part of the contents of this site may be used, in part or in whole, without the express written consent of the author.
Photographing Singapore
Walking Tours & Tour Curation
I am also a Singapore Tourism Board licensed tourist guide. I have curated and conducted customised tours, which include the Victoria Clock Tower Climb and a series of four historical tours for Design Orchard's The Non Season. Please drop me an email to find out more, or should you be interested in a personalised walking tour. 
Tours
A Sporting Journey17 Sep 2023, 9 to 11 am
-- -- -- 
Discovering Singapore's Best Kept Secrets 2023#1Fiji Road16 Sep 2023, 1.15 pm(SOLD OUT)
--
#25 Kadayanallur Street24 Sep 2023, 10.15 am(Available from 16 Sep 2023 at 8pm)
On OGS, The Rail Corridor
“Every history buff of Singapore should get a copy of this book”
– Professor Tommy Koh
Featuring 160 ‘secret’ spots in Singapore, Secret Singapore is a guide on which I had the pleasure of working on with Heidi Sarna.
Secret Singapore was among the best selling non-fiction titles in Singapore following its launch in 2020 – not bad for a travel guide!
If you are in Singapore, you may purchase them directly from me.

Listen to a radio interview on Secret Singapore on Money FM 89.3 on 22 May 2021
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.


						Email Address:					
 






 
						Sign me up!					

Discover hidden sides of Singapore — virtually!
What’s on
Hidden in Plain Sight
(Virtual Tours)
For more information, please click on the photos:
More info:
Fly me to the Moon
Spain’s most beautiful town!
Ancient walls of Dubrovnik
Between a rock and a hard place
Men’s Folio Nov 2013
More on the series:
My Shanghai Story
A weekend's adventure in exciting Shanghai thanks to Spring Airlines, which now flies from Singapore to Shanghai Pudong.
The Arrival of Spring
Chill-out Places
Cool Green Spaces
Shanghai on Sale
Temasek Polytechnic Global Community Day

Colonial Changi – a virtual tour
[plus Old Changi Hospital]
(9 – 15 Nov 2020)
Take a virtual tour to explore a hidden side of Changi from 9 to 15 Nov 2020 (public tours on 15 Nov 2020).
Sign up at: Global Community Day 2020 (Colonial Changi)
[programme calendar – click here]


A trip to paradise on earth
Together with 9 other bloggers and thanks to Tigerair Philippines and the Philippine Department of Tourism, I found myself on a dream trip to Boracay in July 2013. Read about the fantastic experience I had at Boracay Island Escapade or on my blog.
Posts:
Getting there and fav spots.
A guide to the Beaches.
How best to get wet!
High and mostly dry activities.
Finding a slice of Heaven in Heaven.
Heavenly stays in Boracay.
Autumn in Kansai and other adventures in Japan
My experience on this site:
----------
A sequel in May 2013:
O Mercado
The Feast of Our Lady of Fatima
The Drunken Dragon Festival
Lou Lim Ieoc Garden
The Charms of Sleepy Coloane
Festive Coloane
Hac Sa Beach
My Melbourne Experience
An adventure in springtime Melbourne courtesy of Tourism Victoria, Jetstar and omy.sg with nine other bloggers. My set of experiences can be found on this site. 
4 Days in Hong Kong

Courtesy of the Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB), I had the opportunity to have a 4 day adventure in Hong Kong with 9 other bloggers. To read our collective Hong Kong Travel Blog entries, please click on the icon below:
Celebrating Singapore
Not your typical Singapore
Painted Faces
Singapore's Lost Elegance
The SG of My Younger Days
Unmanicured Spaces
The Magical Watery Woods
'Junk' Island
The Submerged Reefs of Singapore
The Lost World
Upper Peirce Reservoir Park
Places of Mystery
The Royal Cemetery at Bukit Kasita
The Royal Cemetery at Kg Gelam
The Voices of a Forgotten Past
Haunting Spaces
The Chapel of St. Luke (Changi Murals)