Carpenter served as the opening act for Swift's international tour dates 
Terma,SL / BACKGRID
 Barry Keoghan is in his lover era!

 After attending the Vanity Fair Oscars afterparty with Sabrina Carpenter, the actor showed his support for her by wearing a Taylor Swift Eras Tour T-shirt during a joint outing on Tuesday.

 Carpenter — in addition to being a longtime friend and fan of Swift — served as the opening act for Swift's international tour dates in Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, Australia and Singapore.

Terma,SL / BACKGRID
 The Saltburn star watched Carpenter perform during the tour's shows in Singapore, which also marked the singer's final days on tour with Swift.

 During the Singapore show, a photo circulated of Keoghan on X, formerly Twitter, inside the Singapore National Stadium. The next night, a video of the Irish actor on X showed him watching Carpenter sing her "Nonsense" outro from the VIP tent.

 After watching Carpenter perform a third time in Singapore, the two were seen embracing one another backstage in a fan video on TikTok.

 Keoghan and Carpenter first sparked dating rumors after being spotted grabbing dinner together in December 2023.

Marcelo Endelli/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management
 The two were seen out together again in January, and a source told PEOPLE that the outing "definitely seemed like a date" and that they were  "cute" together and "shared a little kiss."

 Days after attending a Grammys afterparty together in February, the two confirmed their romance by showing PDA while out in LA.

 Keoghan also showed his support for Carpenter online by leaving a queen emoji underneath an Instagram post Carpenter shared after getting to share the stage with Swift.

 "9 year old Sabrina singing white horse would never see this s--- coming! i love you so so so dearly taylor. always have always will.thank you Sydney for making me feel so welcome!! See you tonight💌," the post read.

Dave Benett/VF24/WireImage for Vanity Fair
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 At the Vanity Fair Oscars afterparty, the two wore matching outfits. Carpenter wore a sparkling black Tory Burch gown with elegant drop-down earrings. Keoghan wore a black and white patterned jacket from Amiri.

 Keoghan's outfit included a friendship bracelet that had a heart charm and included the name “Sabrina” in letter beads.

 Apart from posing side-by-side with one another on the red carpet, they also posed for photos inside the party.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)