Another weekend has arrived, movie lovers! Do you know what you'll be watching? Is it going to be a movie night-in or will you be taking a trip to the theater? We list your options, which feature something for everybody, below. Here are my top six picks! 
Once again, there is no single big feature movie this week. But that doesn't mean there's nothing to watch. On the contrary, sometimes we need weekends like these because they gives us an opportunity to catch up on any movie we may have missed. This also means there are plenty of options, particularly on streaming, so we don't even have to leave the couch. 
Meet Arthur, the star of Arthur the King. He is the best boy on the big screen and his movie is a great adventure for everyone in the family. The only catch is that Arthur the King is playing exclusively in theaters. So if a night-in was what you were hoping for, this movie is not it! Of course, as soon as the streaming release details are known we'll be sure to update you. 
Staying in with the family? How about Trolls Band Together? The colorful and musical movie is now streaming on Peacock. The first two movies are also available on the streamer if you'd like to enjoy a weekend full of fun tunes. No family movies for you? No problem! Why not invite your fellow Swifties over to watch Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version)? 
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version)
Cast: 
Taylor Swift, her crew, and millions of Swifties 
Quick synopsis: 
Weren't able to catch Taylor Swift on tour? Watched The Eras Tour movie, but want to rewatch it with bonus songs and footage? Now's your chance. 
Where to watch: 
Stream it on Disney+ and sing along. 
Getting a concert ticket to one of Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour shows was not easy. Trust me, I tried. So when Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) became available on VOD, I couldn't buy the movie fast enough. And I was equally excited to stream it when I learned it would be going to Disney+. Why? Well, not only am I a huge Swiftie, but I knew more songs and footage would be added! 
If you're as excited as I am to watch Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version), then you have probably already made plans to watch it with friends this weekend. There are four extra songs in the Disney+ version of the movie: “Maroon,” “Death by a Thousand Cuts,” “You Are in Love (Taylor’s Version)," and "I Can See You." We can't wait to watch! 
Irish Wish
Cast: 
Lindsay Lohan, Ed Speleers, and Alexander Vlahos.
Quick synopsis: 
A book editor makes a wish that alters her fate, but be careful what you wish for!
Where to watch: 
Stream Irish Wish on Netflix. 
Get excited! The romcom Princess is back! Lindsay Lohan stars in Netflix's Irish Wish. The star plays Madeline "Maddie" Kelly, a book editor who daydreams about what could be. In just a few days, the man Maddie loves and considers her dream guy will marry one of Maddie's best friends. That is until Maddie makes a wish on an ancient stone that alters her fate. 
In addition to Lindsay Lohan, Ed Speleers, and Alexander Vlahos, Irish Wish also stars Ayesha Curry, Elizabeth Tan, and Jane Seymour. This is the perfect movie to watch this weekend, and it is conveniently streaming on Netflix! 
Arthur the King
Cast: 
Mark Wahlberg, Simu Liu, Nathalie Emmanuel
Quick synopsis: 
A stray pup joins a team of racers on an adventure through the Dominican Republic. 
Where to watch: 
Only playing in theaters, streaming release to be announced. 
Love pups? Who doesn't, right? A team of adventurous athletes find a wounded pup named Arthur and nurse him back to health. Arthur is incredibly thankful and quickly bonds with the team, deciding to join them on their grueling 435-mile race through the Dominican Republic. Get the tissues! This is going to be an inspirational story, but also a tear-jerker. 
In addition to Mark Wahlberg, Simu Liu, and Nathalie Emmanuel, the movie also stars Bear Grylls, Juliet Rylance, and Ali Suliman. Again, the downside to this movie is that it is only playing on the big-screen. To watch it, you'll need to get tickets to your local movie theater. We'll keep you posted on the streaming release. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.