By Tom Tapp 
Deputy Managing Editor

	A fire largely destroyed a two-story hillside mansion in Studio City owned by Suicide Squad actress and supermodel Cara Delevingne today, leaving a firefighter and an occupant of the home (not Delevingne) injured.

	The fire was reported shortly before 4 a.m. in the 3200 block of North Oakdell Lane, east of Fryman Road, said Nicholas Prange of the Los Angeles Fire Department.

	“Firefighters arrived to find a 6,650-square-foot two-story home built in 1971, with heavy fire in the rear, which consumed one room in the rear and developed into a deep-seated attic fire,” Prange said in a statement.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Agencies
	



	
		
					Cara Delevingne Inks With Anonymous Content		
			















	Casting
	



	
		
					Cara Delevingne To Make West End Stage Debut As Sally Bowles In 'Cabaret'		
			







	“Crews confirmed all occupants were out of the home, and then pulled back into defensive mode due to the long duration of heavy fire exposing the structural members,” Prange said.




			Watch on Deadline		






	“The house subsequently sustained a roof collapse, as firefighters continued to apply hose streams from the exterior,” Prange said. “Ultimately, it took 94 firefighters 2 hours and 16 minutes to access, confine, and extinguish the flames. One firefighter was transported in fair condition, and one occupant sustained minor smoke inhalation.”

	A fire captain at the scene said the firefighter suffered an injury involving a ladder and was considered stable at the hospital.

	The house is owned by Delevingne, who is currently in London playing Sally Bowles in Cabaret. On Instagram Friday morning, she posted a photo of two cats and wrote,

	“My heart is broken today. I cannot believe it. Life can change in a blink of an eye, so cherish what you have.”

	She added, “Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all the firefighters and people that have showed up to help.”

	The model later updated her post with another picture of the two cats, writing, “They are alive!! Thank you to the firefighters.”

	The cause of the fire was under investigation.

	Delevingne, 31, began modeling as a child and has modeled for many of the top fashion houses in the world. She made her first film appearance in 2012’s Anna Karenina, and has appeared in movies including The Face of an Angel, Pan and Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets.

	She appeared in Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood” music video in 2015, and she was part of the second-season cast of Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building.

	










City News Service contributed to this report.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.