Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The 20-minute short film premieres exclusively on Mubi on March 15.

							By 

	Chris Gardner


	Who is Sabato De Sarno? 

	That’s the question Gucci answers with a new documentary of the same name from the directing team of Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost. Who is Sabato De Sarno? A Gucci Story, a 20-minute short film narrated by none other than actor and Gucci ambassador Paul Mescal, teases “an unprecedented glimpse into the creation of the Gucci Ancora fashion show,” which marked the debut for the fashion house’s new creative director.



	In doing so, the film presents never-before-seen footage and spotlights the collaborative efforts of De Sarno and his team to give a glimpse into their creative process. De Sarno also shares personal experiences and reveals his vision for the brand. Who is Sabato De Sarno? A Gucci Story hits streaming platform Mubi Friday. When the Gucci Ancora collection hits stores, Gucci has also confirmed that it will host screenings in major cities. Further details on those screenings have not yet been announced. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Beatles Biopics Reveal Cast, 2028 Release for All Four Sam Mendes Movies		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Gucci Names Demna New Artistic Director		
			








	Then, on April 3, an enhanced edition of Who is Sabato De Sarno? A Gucci Story will be released exclusively on Apple Vision Pro, a first for the fashion and luxury industry. Available on the App Store, that version will allow viewers to transform their space and immerse themselves in all things Gucci Ancora. The house has also inked a deal with Air France to make the Moxie Pictures short film available on all flights throughout the month of April.

	Per his official bio, De Sarno grew up in Cicciano, near Naples. He moved to Milan where he studied fashion design and pattern making at the Carlo Secoli Fashion Institute. He got a gig working as assistant pattern-maker at Prada in 2003, staying for three years until 2006. That year, he joined the knitwear manufacturer Annapurna as designer’s assistant until in 2008. He departed for a big promotion as head designer of women’s knitwear and jersey at Dolce & Gabbana. In 2009, he exited for what would be a 14-year career at Valentino, ultimately leading the house as director of men’s and women’s ready-to-wear. He was named creative director at Gucci in January 2023, succeeding Alessandro Michele. 

	News of the documentary comes as Gucci turned out several high-profile looks during awards season, including dressing Oscar nominee and telecast performer Ryan Gosling, his Barbie boss Greta Gerwig, best actress nominee Lily Gladstone, Jessica Chastain at the Emmy Awards and Taylor Swift at the Golden Globes. 
A post shared by GUCCI (@gucci)
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.