MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
A fire largely destroyed a two-story hillside mansion in Studio City owned by actress/model Cara Delevingne Friday, leaving a firefighter and another person injured.
The fire was reported shortly before 4 a.m. in the 3200 block of North Oakdell Lane, east of Fryman Road, said Nicholas Prange of the Los Angeles Fire Department.
“Firefighters arrived to find a 6,650-square-foot two-story home built in 1971, with heavy fire in the rear, which consumed one room in the rear and developed into a deep-seated attic fire,” Prange said in a statement.
“Crews confirmed all occupants were out of the home, and then pulled back into defensive mode due to the long duration of heavy fire exposing the structural members,” Prange said.
“The house subsequently sustained a roof collapse, as firefighters continued to apply hose streams from the exterior,” Prange said. “Ultimately, it took 94 firefighters 2 hours and 16 minutes to access, confine, and extinguish the flames. One firefighter was transported in fair condition, and one occupant sustained minor smoke inhalation.”
A fire captain at the scene said the firefighter suffered an injury involving a ladder and was considered stable at the hospital.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
The house is owned by Delevingne, who is currently performing in England. On Instagram Friday morning, she posted a photo of two cats and wrote, “My heart is broken today. I cannot believe it. Life can change in a blink of an eye, so cherish what you have.”
She added, “Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all the firefighters and people that have showed up to help.”
The model later updated her post with another picture of the two cats, writing, “They are alive!! Thank you to the firefighters.”
The cause of the fire was under investigation.
Delevingne, 31, began modeling as a child and has modeled for many of the top fashion houses in the world. She made her first film appearance in 2012’s “Anna Karenina,” and has appeared in movies including “The Face of an Angel,” “Pan,” “Suicide Squad” and “Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets.”
She appeared in Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood” music video in 2015, and she was part of the second-season cast of Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building.”
She made headlines in 2017 when she came forward with allegations of sexual harassment against now-disgraced producer Harvey Weinstein, saying he tried to get her to kiss another woman then attempted to kiss her himself.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!