What era is your favourite in?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Swifties who want to know exactly which Taylor Swift 'Era' their favourite movies are connected to are in luck today.
To celebrate the release of Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version) on the streaming service, Disney+ has changed its home page collections to reflect the star's different albums. 
Some of the choices are obvious, in Red (Disney's Version) you'll find a host of films with a red colour palette including Turning Red, Cars and Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith. The iconic album 1989 (which has many of her most famous songs) features movies and shows that came out the year Taylor was born. There are some classics in there too, we're talking Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Simpsons and of course Dead Poets Society - the inspiration for her upcoming album.
Others are sorted thematically. Reputation for example is an album that leans heavily on being the bad guy so of course features the likes of Cruella, Avengers Endgame (which focuses on villain Thanos) and The Devil Wears Prada. Another element commonly featured in videos for Reputation tracks was snakes, so this collection also features a couple of National Geographic documentaries on the slippery things. Luckily Indiana Jones isn't in this one! 
Of course, this is all a bit of fun, but the real treat is the release of the Eras Tour movie. The edition now on Disney+ is a three-and-a-half-hour epic (that's longer than Oppenheimer!) filmed in LA that comes with four additional main show songs and an acoustic after-credits performance of four more songs. The only thing more impressive than watching it in one sitting is the fact Taylor sings it all in one go every night! 
Simply put the addition of the movie deserves this kind of fanfare from Disney+. The Eras Tour is the biggest music tour of all time and a celebration of a generational star. It might take a few sittings, but I know what I'm doing this weekend. 
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
Andy was T3's Tech Staff Writer, covering all things technology, including his biggest passions such as gaming. If he had to save one possession from a fire it would be his PlayStation 5. He previously worked for Tom’s Guide – where he got paid to play with ChatGPT everyday. When it comes to streaming, Andy will have his headphones glued in whilst watching something that will make him laugh. He studied Creative Writing at university, but also enjoys supporting his favourite football team (Liverpool), watching F1, teaching himself guitar, and spending time with his dog.

Think you need to be super strong to do a Hyrox? Think again.


Looking to build strength with minimal to no equipment? This workout has got you covered


Alien: Earth gets a teaser


Netflix is going for a big month


Here are five highlights coming soon


Mountainhead should be a blast


Netflix brings another manga to the screen


This show looks pretty unique


The Narrow Road to the Deep North is big


Ballard expands an existing universe


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.