By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:33, 15 March 2024   |  Updated:  19:13, 15 March 2024   
 11
View  comments
G Flip opened up about receiving a 'cheeky invite' from Taylor Swift to come see her perform during one of her Eras Tour dates in Melbourne during a new interview with Extra. 
The 29-year-old performer recorded a cover of Cruel Summer earlier this year, and the 34-year-old singer subsequently gave the drummer VIP access to her stop on the Eras Tour, which was the subject of a concert film now streaming on Disney+.
The songwriter - who recently brought her spouse to the GLAAD Media Awards - remarked that, although they 'thought that [Swift] might have hated' her cover, they were glad to have garnered a new fan.
G Flip, born Georgia Claire Flipo, recalled: 'I didn't expect her to actually see it. It was the best day ever. I woke up and cried of happiness.'
The performer, who identifies as non-binary and uses they/them pronouns, went on to express her admiration for the False God singer.
G Flip opened up about receiving a 'cheeky invite' from Taylor Swift to come see her perform during one of her Eras Tour dates in Melbourne during a new interview with Extra; Swift is seen earlier this month
'I'm such a big fan of Taylor Swift and all her work and her as a songwriter and performer, like, she's absolutely amazing,' they said.
G Flip then spoke about how, although they had never personally encountered the Grammy Award-winning singer, they were grateful for the invite to the concert.
'The show is one of the best productions I've ever seen in my life, and I was lucky enough that Taylor invited me to sit in the friends and family area in Melbourne. I don't know [her], never met, but I was very flattered,' they stated.
The drummer and their spouse, Chrishell Stause, were also able to catch one of Swift's performances at the SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles.
The 42-year-old reality television personality described the show as 'so fun' and added: 'We had the best time.' 
G Flip and the Selling Sunset star initially met in 2021, although the latter did not confirm that they had officially started dating until the following year.
Stause was formerly married to Justin Hartley, and the performers' marriage lasted from 2017 until 2021.
She eventually moved on with the musician, and they tied the knot in Las Vegas in May of last year.
The 29-year-old performer recorded a cover of Cruel Summer earlier this year, and the 34-year-old singer subsequently gave the drummer VIP access to her stop on the Eras Tour, which was documented in a concert film now streaming on Disney+; they are seen earlier this month
The drummer and their spouse, Chrishell Stause, were also able to catch one of Swift's performances at the SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles; they are seen earlier this month
G Flip and the Selling Sunset star initially met in 2021 and tied the knot in May of last year; seen in February
G Flip opened up about their marriage to Stause during a recent interview with People and told the media outlet that they felt as if they had a 'great' relationship with their spouse; seen in February
G Flip opened up about their marriage to Stause during a recent interview with People and told the media outlet that they felt as if they had a 'great' relationship with their spouse.
'We adore each other and we're having so much fun and we're excited for our future and we're so cute together,' they said.
The songwriter also spoke about how they maintained a healthy marriage with their spouse despite being on the road for much of the year. 
'I'm on tour a lot and she's got such a busy schedule, but we make it work so well and we've been solid from the get-go, even before we put the rings on,' they stated.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group