ByJim McGregor
ByJim McGregor,
 Contributor. 
Nvidia CEO Jenson Huang
Just like Taylor Swift’s wildly successful Eras tour, Nvidia has taken center stage in their own widely successful AI Era tour. From Wall Street to Main Street, everyone is talking about Nvidia, and rightfully so. By powering the latest innovations in AI, Nvidia has achieved 126% revenue growth and 286% net income growth in the past fiscal year, an achievement most companies can only dream about, to become one of the most world’s most valuable companies. All of this is a result of being able to take existing core competencies like their GPU expertise and successfully applying it to an adjacent, yet still emerging use case like artificial intelligence (AI).
Much of Nvidia’s success can be attributed to one of its founders and the only CEO the company has ever had, Jensen Huang. Mr. Huang was recently recognized as one of the world’s most accomplished engineers with his election to the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a nonprofit organization with more than 2,000 peer-elected members from industry, academia, and government that “provides engineering leadership in service to the nation.” This is a huge career achievement, one of the highest professional distinctions possible for an engineer.
Mr. Huang likes to say that “Nvidia innovates at the speed of light.” To his credit, Mr. Huang has continued to drive this kind of innovation at Nvidia since its inception. Nvidia was one of many companies developing graphics in the early days of PC gaming and one of the few to survive. Nvidia pioneered the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) and was the first company to promote the concept of using GPUs for general computing purposes, which became known as GPGPU compute and led to the development of the Compute Unified Device Architecture (CUDA) software framework aimed at fully utilizing the massively parallel processing capabilities of Nvidia GPUs. With the advent of deep-learning techniques to train neural network models, Nvidia quickly adapted both its hardware and software solutions to enable an exponential growth in processing capabilities that led to the traditional and generative AI innovations that are sweeping the world today.
And to his further credit, Mr. Huang is one of the few leaders in the technology segment that is focused not only on how AI will change the world, but also how AI will change his company. Members of the technical community and financial industry often refer to the CUDA platform as Nvidia’s strongest competitive differentiator, but I would argue that this is short sighted. Nvidia has hardware platforms that extend from edge devices like PCs, cars, and robots to the cloud that leverage complex hardware architectures that are much more than just GPUs and a growing list of foundation software frameworks that enable a growing list of vertical segments, including automotive, gaming, healthcare, retail, and robotics to name a few. In addition, Nvidia has continued to evolve as a company once focused on chips to now delivering boards, systems, software, intellectual property (IP) and even services. Once again, a credit to Mr. Huang’s foresight and leadership.
The Nvidia GTC conference features technologies for AI, automotive, healthcare, robotics and many ... More other industry segments
With Nvidia leading the world into the AI era, this begs the question, “what’s next?” Next week Nvidia will be holding its annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) in San Jose, California. Just like the company itself, this conference has evolved from primarily being focused on GPUs to a must-attend AI conference and one of the few technology conferences that successfully brings together industry, academia, and government researchers and engineers to collaborate. This will be the first time since the start of COVID that the event will once again be in person offering that direct connection with other members of the technical community, as well as live technology demos in the exhibition hall.
GTC is also the launch event for most of the company’s new products and technologies. The list of announcements tends to be so long that it is almost impossible to keep track of everything, especially during Mr. Huang’s multi-hour keynote address. This year, the keynote will be held in the SAP Center sports and entertainment center. The choice of venues is presumably to accommodate a larger crowd and to give the event more of a concert-type atmosphere, channeling his inner Taylor Swift.
While we do not know what will be discussed at this year’s keynote, Tirias Research believes that Nvidia will be providing more details on the company’s upcoming Blackwell architecture. Also likely at the keynote presentation will be a new word or acronym from Mr. Huang, who is famous for coining new, and sometimes a bit corny, terms to get across key points. And if we go by the list of topics for GTC sessions, there are likely to be announcements around AI models, Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality (AR/VR), computer vision, content creation, conversational AI, cybersecurity, edge computing, networking, recommendation systems, robotics, design and simulation, and/or video streaming. With a new architecture, we are likely to see details on new Drive automotive and Jetsen robotics/embedded platforms coming later this year or early next year.
According to the GTC agenda, there will be information for a wide range of technical audiences, including artists and designers, data scientists, IT developers and managers, engineers and developers, and security managers. There will also be a complete series of Nvidia Digital Learning Institute (DLI) workshops for students and developers that ends with a certification test on Thursday. And yes, even business executives are welcome and will benefit from the amount of information available at the conference.
While competitors are constantly nipping at Nvidia’s heels, particularly in AI. The company’s leadership position is well earned and well deserved. There is no doubt that competition will increase in the years to come, but the breadth of Nvidia’s product portfolio combined with its continued investment in software, the developer ecosystem and its own business model secures the company’s leadership position for the foreseeable future. There is no doubt that we will see and hear more about this at GTC and throughout 2024.
The author and members of the Tirias Research staff do not hold equity positions in any of the companies mentioned. Tirias Research tracks and consults for companies throughout the electronics ecosystem from semiconductors to systems and sensors to the cloud. Tirias Research has consulted for Nvidia and companies throughout the semiconductor and electronics ecosystems.