Subscriber Services
Contact Us
Find more great Horn Book content at these links:
Interested in learning more about the children’s book industry, book reviewing, or how magazines and review journals operate? A Horn Book internship is a great place to start. We are currently accepting applications for Summer 2024 internships, which will likely include a combination of remote work and occasional in-person work in the Boston area.
Interested in learning more about the children’s book industry, book reviewing, or how magazines and review journals operate? A Horn Book internship is a great place to start. We are currently accepting applications for Summer 2024 internships, which will likely include a combination of remote work and occasional in-person work in the Boston area. 
Our editorial interns are an invaluable help in managing the gazillion digital books that enter and leave our virtual office. They upload books, format reviews, and enter bibliographic info into our database—all while becoming familiar with publishing trends. They fact-check reviews, newsletters, and articles, and sometimes do some writing of their own. They take on oddball projects like poring over back issues to track down an old editorial (especially as we continue our Horn Book centennial celebrations this year!).  
We offer spring, summer, and fall internships. The next application deadline, for Summer 2024 internships, is April 8, 2024. Internships are paid ($15 per hour) and are approximately fourteen hours per week. To apply, send a resume, cover letter, and contact information for a professional reference (employer or professor) to Monica de los Reyes (mdelosreyes at hbook dot com). 
More information is available here. 
____________________________________
Meanwhile, meet our current editorial interns, Allison and Joanna, who have already been a huge help to us this spring! Every semester, we ask our interns to tell us a little about themselves. (Our ulterior motive: we want to chat with them about their favorite books!) 
Pronouns: She/Her 
Education: Graduated from Hendrix College with a Bachelor of Arts in Creative Writing–English. Currently attending Simmons University and pursuing a dual Master of Arts/Master of Fine Arts in Children’s Literature/Writing for Children. 
Hometown: Starkville, MS 
Interesting fact: In all four of my undergraduate years, I performed in a giant choreographed performance called Gladiators where I fought friends with foam swords, and we built giant monsters out of umbrellas and PVC pipe. 
Favorite book(s): A Face like Glass by Frances Hardinge, Skyward by Brandon Sanderson, and Spinning Silver by Naomi Novik 
Favorite genre(s): Fantasy, science fiction, mystery, romance, and comedy. 
Instagram: @devariouslevon
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AllisonWAPrice 
Pronouns: She/her/hers 
Education:  BA from the University of Massachusetts Amherst; I'm currently pursuing my MA in Publishing & Writing at Emerson College and will be graduating in May 2024. 
Hometown: West Springfield, MA 
Interesting fact: I know the entirety of Taylor Swift's discography by heart. 
Favorite book(s): The Folk of the Air series by Holly Black, Book Lovers by Emily Henry, and The Love Hypothesis by Ali Hazelwood. Some nostalgic favorites include The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum and the Hunger Games series by Suzanne Collins. 
Favorite genre(s): Adult romance, YA romance, and fantasy. 
X (formerly Twitter): @JBuoniconti
Instagram: @joanna_buoniconti 
Monica de los Reyes is assistant editor for The Horn Book, Inc.
First Name should not
                                                        be empty !!!
Last Name should not be
                                                        empty !!!
email should not be
                                                        empty !!!
Comment should not be
                                                        empty !!!
Please check the reCaptcha
Comment should not
                                                be empty !!!
You did not sign in
                        correctly or your account is temporarily disabled
Passwords must include at least 8 characters.
Your password must include at least three of these elements: lower case letters, upper case letters, numbers, or special characters.
The email you entered already exists. Please reset your password to gain access to your account.
Uncommon insight and timely information 
Thousands of book reviews
Blogs, expert opinion, and thousands of articles 
Passwords must include at least 8 characters.
                                    Please try your entry again.
Your password must include at least three
                                    of these elements: lower case letters, upper case letters, numbers, or special
                                    characters. Please try your entry again.
The email you entered already exists. Please reset your password to gain access to your account.
We are currently offering this content for free. Sign up now to activate your personal profile, where you can save articles for future viewing.
We’ve noticed you are using a private browser. To continue, please log in or create an account.
LOG IN
CREATE AN ACCOUNT
SUBSCRIBE
Most LJ reviews are exclusive to subscribers.
As a subscriber, you'll receive unlimited access to all reviews dating back to 2010.
To access other site content, visit our homepage.
SUBSCRIBE
SUBSCRIBE