Dennis Fujimoto / The Garden Island
Brian and Colleen Kasperek oversee and help the battery of trained Tax Aides on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Lihu‘e Neighborhood Center. The last day for free tax preparation at the Lihu‘e Neighborhood Center is April 2.
Dennis Fujimoto / The Garden Island
The Hawai‘i Republican Party Presidential Caucus polling place crew is ready for voters on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Lihu‘e Neighborhood Center polling site. Steve Yoder, House District 16 Chair, said Kaua‘i reported 326 votes cast (over five polling sites from Princeville through Waimea covering District HD15, 16, and 17) with 307 votes for Donald Trump, 11 votes for Nikki Hailey, four votes for Ron DeSantis, two votes for Chris Christie, and two votes for Vivek Ramaswamy.
Courtesy of County of Kaua‘i
The Waimea High School Athletic Department and varsity girls paddling teams were celebrated on Wednesday, March 13, 2024, by Mayor Derek S.K. Kawakami and the Kaua‘i County Council for capturing the 2024 Hawai‘i High School Athletic Association State Paddling Championship on Feb. 10, 2024, at Hilo Bay on Hawai‘i Island. Team members include Kahiau and Iliau Makua, Aveda Maligro, Ambriel Kanahele, Makalapua Kaukahi, Tennacie Simao, Ihilani Vea and coach Kaina Makua. The Waimea High School Athletic Director is Dino Pabre and the school’s principal is Mahina Anguay.
Talia Anama of Ruke permanent jewelry (she was at the Downtown Lihu‘e Night Market last Saturday) said she’ll be one of the more than 50 vendors on Sunday when Edwin Vea (does he still have the popular wooden Hawaiian Fish Hooks?) and The Beach House hosts its monthly craft fair from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. across from the Lawai Beach Resort.
Talia Anama of Ruke permanent jewelry (she was at the Downtown Lihu‘e Night Market last Saturday) said she’ll be one of the more than 50 vendors on Sunday when Edwin Vea (does he still have the popular wooden Hawaiian Fish Hooks?) and The Beach House hosts its monthly craft fair from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. across from the Lawai Beach Resort.
Brian Kasperek of the AARP Tax Aide program said there are only three more Hanapepe visits (March 18, 25, and April 1), one more Lihu‘e Neighborhood Center (April 2), one more Kaumakani Neighborhood Center (March 20), one more Kekaha Neighborhood Center (March 21), and one more Kalaheo Neighborhood Center (March 27) before this year’s free tax preparation by trained tax preparers ends. Each of the sites are open to the public (you don’t need to be an AARP member) from 9 to 11:30 a.m. No reservations required.
Kudos to Lihu‘e Public Library Young Adults Librarian Lani Kawahara and the Lihu‘e Library employees who could pass for students for hosting the library’s Women in History Month activity where attendees created identification bracelets against a backdrop of Taylor Swift music videos (with lyrics) and refreshments.
OK, Saturday is the Easter basket of events as the Kukui Grove Center “hops into spring” with the National Agriculture Week celebration with the Kaua‘i County Farm Bureau and its community partners, opens the Bunny House (hint: Easter Bunny, and leprechauns, too?) for photos and selfies, host a spring market craft fair with at least 10 vendors mixing it up with the agricultural partners, and a movie night — all before St. Patrick’s Day — on Sunday from noon to 2 p.m.
•••
Dennis Fujimoto can be reached at 245-0453 or at dfujimoto@thegardenisland.com.

• Bob Nicholas Vegas Sr. • Lucy Kanoa
• Bob Nicholas Vegas Sr. • Lucy Kanoa
A new sidewalk project on the North Shore has the community beaming with excitement. Every...
A new sidewalk project on the North Shore has the community beaming with excitement. Every...
On Monday, Gov. Josh Green of Hawaii said his state intended to sue fossil fuel companies...
On Monday, Gov. Josh Green of Hawaii said his state intended to sue fossil fuel companies...
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name *
Email *
By participating in online discussions you 
acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful 
discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments
 are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, 
 send us an email.