Penn State Harrisburg students at graduation 2021 in the Giant Center, Hershey. (Sean Simmers | ssimmers@pennlive.com, file)
By Bill Schackner, The Tribune-Review, Greensburg (TNS)
Efforts in the coming months to pare spending on Penn State University branch campuses will include reviewing duplicative or under-enrolled academic programs and potentially sharing administrative services among campuses.
The university has offered an update on a closely watched process to cut $54 million, or 14.1%, from commonwealth campus operations in the 2025-26 fiscal year.
That amount is more than half of a wider effort across Penn State, including its main University Park campus, to make $94 million in reductions to erase an projected deficit.
The goal is establishing “a more sustainable operating margin” for the 19 undergraduate locations where costs are up and enrollments are down sharply, according to Penn State.
Enrollment dropped by about 30% across those campuses since 2010, and at individual locations by 60%, TribLive reported in June.
Wyatt Dubois, a Penn State spokesman, said Thursday the academic program review is in its beginning stages and will “help make sure that Penn State is offering the right mix of residential, online and blended programs, at the right locations, to better align with evolving student preferences.
“It’s too early to discuss how course offerings may change,” he said in an email response to questions.
Regarding job loss, he said 69% of education and general funds at Penn State involve personnel costs, including salaries, “so it is virtually impossible to address the larger budget challenges without some reduction of employees.
“That said, layoffs are not the first consideration when, for example, natural attrition and the hiring freeze have already recouped tens of millions of dollars,” he wrote.
The update, posted Wednesday to Penn State’s website, quotes a Feb. 29 internal email from Margo DelliCarpini, vice president for Commonwealth Campuses and executive chancellor.
She said the campuses must “focus on their distinct areas of excellence and find ways to cut or streamline expenses,” according to the update. “One way to do this is by adjusting program offerings that may be duplicative, no longer necessary or undersubscribed.”
She stressed that Penn State “is focused on careful evaluation, and despite any rumors, no decisions have been made,” according to the university’s update.
“Changes need to occur. What might have made sense decades ago may not make sense today,” DelliCarpini said.
“For instance, currently 14 of our 19 (undergraduate branch) campuses are part of the University College. These are not independent entities — and we must look at duplication of services in every area, such as the registrar, enrollment management and admissions.”
Statewide, the branches account for close to 23,700 of Penn State’s total of just over 87,900 students. University Park enrolls more than 49,000.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices