Two men have been jailed for seven years and five months after an armed robbery at a Southampton convenience store. 


  Benjamin McEwan and Kevin Taylor were sentenced at Southampton Crown Court yesterday for the robbery at One Stop on Butts Road. 


  Police were called at 2.22pm on December 29 to a report that a man carrying a knife had entered the store and made threats to a member of staff. 


  He then jumped over the counter and stole the till containing £300 before running away with a second man. 


READ MORE: Ringwood shop worker had New Year's resolution to have sex with child


  Nobody was injured and an investigation was launched. 


  After analysis of CCTV and forensic evidence, McEwan, 38, of Montague Avenue and Taylor, 42, of no fixed abode were charged with robbery. 


  McEwan was also charged with possession of a knife in a public place. 


  He was sentenced to three years and nine months whilst Taylor received three years, eight months in prison. 


  Police staff investigator Sarah Stewart said: “This was a terrifying ordeal for the staff member involved and customers who were in the store at the time of the incident, which included children.


  "The fact that this crime took place in the middle of the afternoon just demonstrates the brazenness and arrogance of McEwan and Taylor, who clearly had no regard for the impact on those around them.


  “I hope that the swift arrest and charge of both offenders demonstrates to the public how seriously we take offences of this nature.


  "No-one should have to fear violence or threatening behaviour while at work or simply going about their daily business within their community, and we will not tolerate it.


  “We have been intensifying our work to target crimes committed against retail staff and will continue working alongside local businesses to address the issues they face on a daily basis with strong partnership working, dedicated patrols, proactive operations and by targeting key offenders.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.