The Challenge’s Trishelle Cannatella is fresh off her first-ever win on a reality TV competition show, with a significant victory on The Traitors 2.
She didn’t win alone, as fellow Challenger, five-time champion Chris “CT” Tamburello also shared in the victory and the $200,000-plus in prize money.
With that, speculation surfaced that the two MTV stars were plotting to win together throughout the season, including them voting the only other remaining Faithful, Mercedes “MJ” Javid, out at the end.
Another rumor that popped up due to Trishelle and CT’s time on The Traitors 2 involved Trishelle having an affair with her castmate.
CT appeared on the show following a messy divorce from Lilianet Solares, while Trishelle is currently married.
She recently spoke about those juicy rumors while appearing on Bravo’s Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen.
During Watch What Happens Live, Bravo’s Andy Cohen mentioned how “it looked like a rom-com” with her and CT’s victory celebration at the end of The Traitors 2.
“It looked like you two were kind of madly in love,” Cohen said.
He then mentioned an article that suggested CT and Trishelle were having an affair during the show’s filming and asked her to “clear the air” on the topic.
After sharing that their castmate “MJ reposted” the rumors article, Trishelle shut down the gossip about her and CT.
“No, there is nothing going on. I haven’t seen CT in 14 years. I have known him for 18 years. If it was gonna happen, it would’ve happened on a drunken Spring Break in Mexico. No, we have never done anything,” she said.
Cohen brought up that she is happily married at the moment, too. 
“And, also, yeah, I’m married,” Trishelle said jokingly.
A post shared by Watch What Happens Live! (@bravowwhl)
CT and Trishelle appeared together in The Challenge’s 2004 Inferno season. They were castmates again on Rivals II, which Trishelle self-eliminated from, and CT won alongside castmate Wes Bergmann.
After that, Trishelle didn’t return to MTV’s version of The Challenge but later surfaced on The Challenge: All Stars spinoff, while CT won several more seasons of MTV’s show.
Trishelle, who debuted on MTV’s The Real World: Las Vegas, is married to pilot John Hensz. The couple married in 2017 in New Orleans, Louisiana, Trishelle’s home region.
She told Too Fab that her “wedding was absolutely perfect.”  She also noted how the wedding officiant did a bit of a “did a little play on The Real World” with “This is a true story” while speaking at their ceremony.
Another Challenge castmate, Katie Cooley, who returned for the All Stars spinoff with Trishelle several years ago, was among the guests at their wedding.
While Trishelle has been busy posting about her time on The Traitors 2 and other gigs, she also shares content on Instagram showing her and her husband on dates or at different events.
A post shared by Trishelle Cannatella (@trishellec)
The couple enjoyed a date night of food and music at The Sazerac House, featuring a Taylor Swift Candlelight Concert.
Last month, Trishelle shared that they dressed up for the Endymion Ball in New Orleans, Louisiana.
A post shared by Trishelle Cannatella (@trishellec)
Trishelle has confirmed she’s happily married based on her recent remarks and social media content, but speculation may run rampant with CT.
He’s a single man for the first time in years and looking towards a potential return season on MTV’s The Challenge.
The Challenge: All Stars 4 premieres Wednesday, April 10 on Paramount+.
The link above is an affiliate link. This means that for any qualifying purchase you make, we may earn a small commission, at no additional cost to you.
Δ
Δ

Instagram


Twitter


YouTube


Facebook