Despite her ongoing battle with stiff-person syndrome, Celine Dion has said she remains determined to get back on stage and “live as normal of a life as possible.” 
“As many of you know, in the fall of 2022, I was diagnosed with Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS),” the Canadian singer, 55, wrote in an Instagram post on Saturday in honor of International SPS Awareness Day.
“Trying to overcome this autoimmune disorder has been one of the hardest experiences of my life, but I remain determined to one day get back onto the stage and to live as normal of a life as possible,” she penned. “I am deeply grateful for the love and support from my kids, family, team and all of you!”
The “My Heart Will Go On” crooner — who posed with her three sons René-Charles Angélil, 25, and twins Nelson and Eddy, 13 — also sent her encouragement and support to others battling the autoimmune disorder. 
“I want to send my encouragement and support to all those around the world that have been affected by SPS,” she continued. “I want you to know you can do it! We can do it!”
She shares her sons with her late husband, René Angélil, who died in 2016.
According to Johns Hopkins Medicine, SPS is “a rare autoimmune neurological disorder that most commonly causes muscle stiffness and painful spasms that come and go and can worsen over time.” 
While there is no specific treatment for SPS, the website claims that “working with a specialist and maintaining symptom control can make it easier to live with the condition.” 
The “It’s All Coming Back To Me” songstress first announced her diagnosis in 2022 after she was forced to postpone several performances due to medical issues. 
“As you know I’ve always been an open book and I wasn’t ready to say anything before but i’m ready now,” the Grammy-winning artist said in a video on the social media site. “I’ve been dealing with problems with my health for a long time and it’s been really difficult for me to face my challenges and to talk about everything that I’ve been going through.”
Dion then revealed that she’d been diagnosed with “a very rare neurological disorder called the stiff person syndrome which affects 1 in a million people.”
Shortly after, the songstress canceled her “Courage World Tour.” 
“It is with tremendous disappointment that we have to announce today the cancellation of the Courage World Tour,” a post to her Instagram read. 
“I’m so sorry to disappoint all of you once again. I’m working really hard to build back my strength, but touring can be very difficult even when you’re 100%.”
Dion announced the news in a caption of a photo listing the full list of tour dates that were scrapped, including shows in France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland and the UK.
“It’s not fair to you to keep postponing the shows, and even though it breaks my heart, it’s best that we cancel everything now until I’m really ready to be back on stage again. I want you all to know, I’m not giving up … and I can’t wait to see you again!” Dion concluded her post.
In November 2023, Dion made her first public appearance in nearly four years when she attended a hockey game in Las Vegas.
Shortly afterward, the “That’s the Way It Is” singer got a standing ovation at this year’s Grammy Awards when she stepped out to present the Album of the Year award to Taylor Swift for “Midnights.”
Advertisement