Home    Forums    Television    2024 Emmy Awards Drama Categories (Part 3)
 I think to start, they need to broaden their (acting) membership base up, and probably some others too. It’s too restrictive. Especially given the pandemic and the strikes and six episode seasons. 
the way voting isn’t lifetime is really weird to me. Making you need to be active to be a voter is just odd and unlike either of the other two academies
From the river to the sea
The Emmys really need to step it up in general. There’s no reason why the Grammys and Oscars should be doing this much better than it in ratings every year. Especially when they’re all airing on television 
The Emmys were always historically lower than The Oscars and The Grammys tho and more in line with the average ratings of tv programs themselves which is kinda still the case.
Yeah they were never as mainstream as Grammys and Oscars. I do agree 4 million is bad though but it was on FOX and no one watches FOX. Next year is ABC and it should do at least 6 and that’s more than ok for it imo.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
Yeah they were never as mainstream as Grammys and Oscars. I do agree 4 million is bad though but it was on FOX and no one watches FOX. Next year is ABC and it should do at least 6 and that’s more than ok for it imo. 
 Doesn’t help that it was on a Monday either
 Doesn’t help that it was on a Monday either
And in the middle of a film award season where every non-Oscar show also has TV awards that the same three shows kept winning at.
And that’s on top of being 4 months delayed from its original air date.
The 2021 and 22 Grammys were two months later because of covid variants and dipped to 8m and 9m for both years, the next two years they are back in their regular January slot and shot back up to 12m and 16m. I imagine the Emmys will have a similar bump being back on ABC in its regular time slot again.
the way voting isn’t lifetime is really weird to me. Making you need to be active to be a voter is just odd and unlike either of the other two academies
I don’t mind there being a requirement, but I feel like saying people need to have had 1-2 credits in the last four or five years is fine. Expecting ten season regular credits to air in four years (and making it that Emmy nominations only count for voting for four years is so weird), especially in an era of short seasons, a strike, and a pandemic, in the last four hugely reduces the pool. Like you look at how many people that excludes and it’s really silly.
People like JLD and PWB now not qualifying to be able to vote for the Emmys is silly.
Maybe the stringent voting rules are also causing all the laziness in the noms, and the wins by extension? The people least likely to be watching much beyond the few top contenders because of how busy they are with work are the ones most likely to be members. And the people who probably can manage to check out a wide variety of shows aren’t. It did feel noticeable that the Emmys became stricter with voting privileges, afaik, after the 2019 Emmys and if I had to point out when things started to go downhill with them, I’d probably say it was the beginning of the decade. The immediate 4-5 years after the tape system feel visibily different than the recent 4 or so years. An unlimited ballot during those years didn’t yield close to the bad, lazy results as the limited ballot from last year. Maybe they should look into it.
A Negroni. Sbagliato. With Prosecco in it.
Oscars were always THE prestige awards of the year.
Grammys are just a 3 hour concert with famous singers so that’s the appeal there, especially given how few awards are actually given out live.
Emmys…kinda need you to be invested in the shows with a bunch of noms, invested enough that you care about them winning things. IDK if enough Succession/Bear stans are that. And this year, I doubt Bear again, and past-their-peak Crown and Morning Show taking things because there’s nothing better to ignite passion, will improve matters.
‘YELLOWJACKETS’ Season 3 is in the midst of writing.
No filming start date has been set yet.
(Source: https://t.co/DQw2pzoxZL) pic.twitter.com/ylm8Y3K4xc
— DiscussingFilm (@DiscussingFilm) March 17, 2024
all the kate weirdness has had people talking about the royal family a lot lately. whether or not that will affect crown’s chances either way is a question mark
I realised one of the things that isn’t sitting right with me with this field, which is just how low the linear predictions are. For reference:
Linear Drama Series with ATL noms
2024: 2 predicted
2023: 7  (37 ATL noms from Linear programs)
2022: 5
2021:4
2020:7
2019: 7
That feels like way too harsh a drop of linear  (not to mention The Curse has ratings that are 1/6th of Yellowjackets. In particular, that Lead Actor field tends very linear,
I think we are probably underestimating Olyphant and Spector, but I’m going to pose a theory that might sound silly:
I know it’s a very long run show but I do wonder if maybe we’re underestimating Giamatti here. 36th seems way too low, he feels like maybe there’s a case for him to be higher.  I know he’s never happened (outside of CCA), but Oscar nominated vets (admittedly those with prior noms) who’ve paid their TV dues have tended to be who has pulled through in late run shows in weak fields of late (Janney, Davis, Macy). With a couple of exceptions every nominee in the last decade in that field has been either on a linear show or from a linear background.
Billions also feels a bit more akin to the sort of program they might go to after years of Succession noms when all anyone wants to watch is Suits. Macy’s transience in his category and JAW’s meteoric rise post also makes me think Showtime shows might be the sort of thing floating around the periphery with actors. (see also Liev Schreiber and Billions + the TV movie getting in only two cycles ago).
Also, that lead actor part tends to skew at least 4/6 American. currently the first five people predicted are not  (and 6 of the top 8).
all the kate weirdness has had people talking about the royal family a lot lately. whether or not that will affect crown’s chances either way is a question mark
tbh I think all the real life drama is at least part of the reason the enthusiasm for the show has lessened. Like in that case a lot of it is about the actual Royal family but the way it’s presented is obviously a factor. I remember years back being of the “yes, put “this is fiction” notes on The Crown” and almost everyone disagreeing and being of the opinion that people are logical and they can totally work that out, but I feel like it’s much more obvious now it’s an area where conspiracy runs rife.
Constellation 63
The New Look 63
Manhunt 65
Palm Royale 62
Apple in it’s flop era, worried for Sugar now.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
The “Star Wars” series “The Acolyte” has set its Disney+ premiere date. The series will debut on the streaming service on June 4. https://t.co/FsNuqf9sZ4 pic.twitter.com/aXGQlJTiyy
— Variety (@Variety) March 18, 2024
Constellation 63 The New Look 63 Manhunt 65 Palm Royale 62 Apple in it’s flop era, worried for Sugar now. 
Was Apple ever in their raves era? Hasn’t their brand always been great shows that the critics write off too quickly but then pretend they loved all along?
I mean to name a few:
The topic ‘2024 Emmy Awards Drama Categories (Part 3)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media