Kim Kardashian fans have come out in force after the reality star was cruelly booed at an LA Lakers game.
The 43-year-old SKIMS founder took her eight-year-old Saint West, whom she shares with her ex-husband Kanye West, out for a cute mother-and-son outing on Saturday night. The duo were photographed watching the LA Lakers play Golden State Warriors. While Kim opted for a simple yet stylish look - wearing a plain white T-shirt along with black leather trousers - Saint showed support for his team, wearing a purple LA Lakers top.
Kim and Saint were part of a larger crowd of celebrity faces at the game. Jennifer Lopez, Ben Affleck and his 12-year-old son Samuel were also spotted courtside, as well as Kendall Jenner’s ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Bianca Censori's meeting doesn't signify friendship but 'business'
Although Kim and Saint were all smiles as they were photographed at the game, according to reports the mother-of-four was loudly booed by the stadium as she appeared on the big screen. Fans on social media have been quick to show their support for The Kardashians star, branding the crowd “disrespectful”.
Fans were most angry at the crowd for attacking Kim while she was out with her child. Over on Reddit, one person wrote: “If people want to boo Kim ok whatever but don’t do it in front of the kids! That is so disrespectful and sad.” Another added: “I agree. Kids didn’t sign up for that,” before going on to point out that it is not the first time Kim has been booed at a sports game: “Unfortunately I’m not sure what the deal is with Kim and the sports not liking her.”
Last year, Kim was booed at a Los Angeles Rams football game that she took Saint to watch. The audience reportedly broke into a 'chorus of boos' as she appeared on the big screen after which the star iconically blew a kiss to the football fans shouting abuse across the venue.
Kim is not the only star to be booed at an NFL stadium. Taylor Swift has had to put up with hate from the crowd numerous times when she shows up in support of her Kansas City Chiefs star beau Travis Kelce.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.