A legendary Portland diner has received national attention for its tasty cuisine and iconic status.
The popular website Family Minded put together a list of the best family diners, which included one from every state. Maine's choice was one that both locals and tourists flock to in abundance. It's a joint known for delicious classics and outstanding service. The Pine Tree State's representative was none other than Becky's Diner.
Becky's is an absolute Portland institution. As the story goes, the diner originally opened after owner Becky Rand successfully argued for a zoning change on the waterfront to allow her restaurant to open. It would be a place for Portland's fishermen to eat before and after their haul. The mother of six opened Becky's in 1991, and the rest is history. It still opens daily at 4am for the fisherman and other early risers. However, it has become a Portland landmark restaurant, welcoming to all, especially with its delicious and affordable food.
Becky's popularity has only continued to grow due to its tasty menu and national attention from numerous television appearances, including $40 a Day and Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. And yes, even Taylor Swift has dined there.
Here is a little of why Family Minded selected Becky's as Maine's top family diner, including a description of one of the restaurant's most popular dishes.
Resting on a picturesque wharf in a waterfront cottage, Becky’s Diner serves Portland, Maine, 362.5 days a year. Becky’s serves breakfast all day, plus lunch, dinner and dessert. The Hobson’s Wharf Special is an outright feast, with two eggs, two pancakes, your choice of meat, home fries and toast.
Boy, does that meal sound like a perfect way to start the day. And the best part is a family doesn't need to break the bank to enjoy a great Portland meal.
Congratulations to Becky's on this wonderful recognition. And congrats to another family-run small business that continues to succeed. I hope Becky knows how much she means to our community.
Gallery Credit: Chris Sedenka
Gallery Credit: Chris Sedenka