Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are said to be in their "nesting" era, with it now also claimed that they "couldn't be happier".
The couple, who started dating last summer, are said to be enjoying some downtime at the pop star's $25million (£19million) Beverly Hills mansion. Recently a source source claimed the couple want to focus "on rest and recuperation" while "having low-key and chill time together" after a busy time at work.
Taylor has just completed a leg of her Eras Tour, while Travis is still coming down from his team's huge win at the Super Bowl. And now an expert has claimed that they are happier than ever before.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian mistaken for Kanye West's new wife Bianca Censori as she 'morphs' into her
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror, celebrity psychic Inbaal Honnigman said that Taylor and Travis are "loving their relationship" now that both can enjoy some downtime. She added: "Taylor likes having time off."
Pulling the 9 of Cups card for Taylor, Inbaal told us this is a card that talks about happiness, filling your cup full of joy. "The singer's days 'off' are full of plans, friends, meetings, and even future song inspirations," she said."
Then, for Travis who "rests fully during his time off", Inbaal pulled the VIII Adjustment card that shows stillness and balance. "The athlete's time off is perfectly restful, and he'll engage in calming activities like long walks, gym trips and 7-course dinners," she noted.
Inbaal then said: "Together, they couldn't be happier," adding how she pulled the Universe Tarot card, also known as The World, which is the highest card in the Tarot, and signifies luck and unbridled joy. "They both waited for this moment," she concluded.
This comes after a source recently told US Weekly: "They can finally rest and intend on spending quality time together and with friends and family." The insider added that Taylor likes hosting "small, intimate gatherings" with her closest friends at home.
The couple are also said to be "scheduling" their project to maximise their time together as they "don't want to spend too much time apart." The source also said the pair want to go on "a private vacation" at the end of the month "where no one can find them" before her new album drops.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.