Reba McEntire arrives at the Oscars on Sunday, March 27, 2022, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)AP
Did Reba McEntire really put Taylor Swift in her place at the Super Bowl?
If you have spent some time on social media lately you might have seen stories that say just that. If you haven’t, the story being shared there claims that McEntire “talks about how disappointed she was to look up at the big screen while performing The National Anthem, only to see Taylor Swift laughing and drinking and making a mockery of the event.”
As pointed out by Taste of Country, the post spelled McEntire’s last name as McIntire.
Anyway, it also includes a supposed quote from the country music star.
“I let her have it afterward,” it claimed she said. “She’s an entitled little brat.”
They were both in the building at the big game with McEntire there to sing the national anthem and Swift there to support her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.
But that’s about the only factual thing in the post, according to McEntire herself.
She shared a post from the “America Loves Liberty” account on Instagram and wrote, “Please don’t believe everything you see on the Internet. I did not say this. Taylor is a wonderful artist, strong role model and has done so much good for so many people and the industry.”
So that about settles that.
Reba didn’t call Swift an “entitle little brat,” but she did just provide everyone with some sound advice.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices