If you’d asked me a few weeks ago how I felt about running, I’d have told you there was just about anything I’d rather do, than go for a run.
I’ve always detested the sport. This hatred likely stems from the cross country runs we were forced to do in the freezing cold and wet mud for several years at high school. As soon as I no longer HAD to run, I didn’t ever want to do it again. 
As such, I’ve never been able to understand why some people willingly get up every Saturday morning for Parkrun — let alone opt to run 26.2 miles for a marathon. Ew.
And it seems I’m not alone in this. New research from sportswear brand ASICS has found that adults no longer enjoy exercise. 
Joining parkrun is free - it doesn't matter if you're a keen runner, a jogger, a walker, a social stroller or are keen to volunteer and cheer from the sidelines.
Register for parkrun here.
Did we mention it's free (tick) and you only need to do it once (tick tick).
ASICS spoke to 2,000 adults (18+) and 1,000 children (aged six to 11) and their survey revealed that 77% of adults view exercise as a chore, compared to 77% of children who say the key reason for doing exercise is to have fun. 
As a child there were one or two types of exercise that I did enjoy, such as gymnastics. But as an adult my only real form of exercise has been power walking to get on the Tube before the doors close. 
However, all of that changed recently thanks to an impulse purchase.
My TikTok feed has been full of people racking up 10,000+ steps during the working day thanks to the help of a walking pad, or under the desk treadmill.
As someone who occasionally works from home, and is guilty of binge watching one too many episodes of Gilmore Girls in an evening, I thought it might be an easy win to combine these activities with a bit of exercise, so I gave in to the influencers and decided to order one from Amazon.
I spent a while reading reviews and ended up going for the Jupgod 2.5HP Folding Treadmill which cost £167.99 as part of the Black Friday sale. It’s currently listed for £189.99, but prices vary depending on the colour you choose. 
As a rather self-conscious person, exercising in public just was never going to be for me, so the walking pad would be a real godsend for letting me do my own thing, in the privacy of my own space — and as an added bonus, I don’t have to go outside in the cold and dark either. Hurrah!
Initially I was only using it to help get my steps in, as working on a computer all day doesn’t exactly do wonders for this. As I don’t have a standing desk, I was mainly using the walking pad of an evening, while watching TV.  
I’d briskly walk with it on a speed setting of about 7.5 for an episode or two of a show, before slowing down to a more casual pace.
But a few weeks ago I decided to experiment and see what would happen if I used it on the maximum speed setting, which is 10, and I found myself jogging.
I didn’t keep it up for very long, less than 10 minutes, but when I stopped, I realised I hadn’t completely hated doing it. Weird.
This year Metro has partnered with the iconic charity parkrun to bring you a thriving new content series.
In a coming together of two game-changing powerhouses, Metro has been chosen as the first official media partner for parkrun as it celebrates its 20th birthday in 2024.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
It's not just for the runners, though - it's for everyone.
Come with us as we embark on a series of boundary-pushing wellbeing content designed to elevate and champion, but also to support mental health and societal cohesion. Whether you run, walk, jog or strut...
Read the stories of those who have found their calling, their community or had their lives changed through the simple act of lacing up their trainers (not that you have to do parkrun in trainers...as we'll show you later on).
Get ready to be empowered, inspired, and energised!
Register for parkrun here. The best part is that it's free and you only need to register once. 
So the next day I gave it a go again. This time I came prepared with an energetic playlist on Spotify to motivate me. I ran for 15 minutes before feeling like I couldn’t possibly do anymore. I then walked at a slower pace for 15 minutes. 
When my half an hour was up I was feeling pretty good. I’d enjoyed the experience, from the music (lots of Taylor Swift, obviously) to the way my body felt having worked up a sweat. 
I could see a glimmer of why people actually enjoy exercising. It felt like an achievement and I was already keen to get back on the little treadmill and see if I could improve my stamina.
I spent ages looking at walking pads online before finally giving in and buying one from Amazon, but a number had excellent reviews online. Here are a few others that I considered that might suit your exercise needs:
Jupgod 2.5HP Folding Treadmill – Prices start from £189.99 on Amazon
I love this walk pad, it fits underneath my two-seater sofa nicely, it’s not overly heavy so I can move it about and set it up myself and it’s really easy to use. I bought it in grey, but it comes in a variety of colour options and I’d highly recommend if you just want to get some extra steps in or do a little jog. It doesn’t have any incline so might not be worth it for more serious runners.
Home Fitness Code Under Desk Treadmill 1-6KM/H Walking Jogging Machine for Home Office with Folding Option – was £219.99, now £189.99
This is a brand I spotted all over TikTok and is a top Google result when you search walking pads. They have several types of under the desk treadmills and they even have a fun pink one if you want to release your inner Barbie.
GOPLUS 2-in-1 Folding Treadmill with Speed 1-12KM/H Silent Treadmill with LED Display and Bluetooth Electric Treadmill with Remote Control
This one is currently out of stock on Amazon as it comes very highly recommended by fitness influencers. It’s a pricier option, selling for around £300, but there are a few being sold on eBay for under £200 if you’re looking to nab a second-hand bargain. 
WalkingPad P1 Treadmills for Home Foldable, App & Remote Control Folding Treadmill Walking Machine – £349 on Amazon
This one is perfect for those living in a small space who don’t have spare room as it completely folds up to tuck nicely out of the way. It’s a more expensive option, but has good reviews. 
Over the last few weeks I’ve been fitting the half hour of exercise into my day either during my lunch break if WFH or of an evening and the amount of time I can run for has increased.
When I started I could barely run for 10 minutes. Now I’m running for 25 minutes at a time, and doing five minutes of walking to cool down. For actual runners, this probably doesn’t seem like a lot, but any amount of running for me is some kind of miracle.
Seeing the minutes ticking on really spurs me to keep going for just a bit longer, as does the distance which has been clocking in at 5k — the same length as those aforementioned Parkruns.
Despite not loving exercise, I definitely have a competitive streak and like to keep pushing myself to do better. So each time I manage to run for a bit longer and a bit further gives me a little thrill. 
I’ve also found that if you really pace yourself, once you reach a certain point with it, running can actually be a pretty pleasant experience (who knew?!) and I’ve started to look forward to my little spin on the treadmill each day. 
I’m not sure if I’ll ever become an outside runner, but I never thought I’d be doing any kind of running at all. Yet here I am, some kind of exercise convert. So I guess never say never… Except when it comes to running a marathon, because that’s always going to be a resounding NO from me. 
But Parkrun, well that isn’t off the table just yet…
Do you have a story to share?
Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.
Arrow
MORE: Asda just added 480 ‘affordable’ new items as part of supermarket’s ‘biggest launch ever’
Arrow
MORE: Here’s how to take your very first steps into running
Arrow
MORE: Five steps to help you finally achieve a healthy work-life balance
Your free email guide to the best London has on offer, from drinks deals to restaurant reviews.

			Enter your postcode so we can deliver content close to you			
Close 


			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Your free email guide to the best London has on offer, from drinks deals to restaurant reviews.

			Enter your postcode so we can deliver content close to you			
Close 


			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy