More on KentOnline
News you can trust
20°C | 7°C
5 day forecast
  Home   Faversham   News   Article
The departing owner of a beloved vinyl record store says the time is right for him to move into the funeral industry – as it is more “secure” than working in retail.
Creekside Vinyl in Market Street, Faversham, could be set to enter new ownership as current boss Simon Tyler looks to transition into his latest role – as a funeral celebrant.
Mr Tyler took over the business in 2018, moving it from its Standard Quay birthplace into the town centre – but admitted the pandemic led him to look elsewhere for future work.
“Coming out of Covid, you're thinking retail's not the most secure world to be in and I was looking for another path just in case anything happened,” said the 59-year-old.
“It's proven very difficult to do both things really, it just seemed like actually I can't keep both plates spinning to the degree of doing it well.
“Retail on the whole lacks stability.
“In this day and age, everyone can buy anything on Amazon and lots of people do.
“But there is definitely a future for the shop and I would absolutely love it if someone could take it over and keep it going.”
Born in Hackney, London, in 1964, Mr Tyler spent some of his childhood in Mexico and the USA and has been a music lover his entire life.
The amateur guitarist has been a funeral celebrant for the past 18 months but will now seek to make that role full-time once a new boss for the business is found.
It is thought expressions of interest in taking over the store have reached double-digits, with serious discussions to be had to find the right fit.
As for his career change, the Creekside Vinyl boss admitted it was an alternative route to take but said he felt it “fitted my skill sets”.
“There was no moment of ‘Oh, this is what I want to do’ – it just seemed to fit and happened organically,” said Mr Tyler.
“I used to be an actor so I can talk in front of people and I also used to work in services where you work with people who are having emotional issues who are sad or angry or whatever so I'm not fazed by that.
“I feel I'm a reasonably good communicator and listener and I'm a reasonably good writer and those are all the things you need to do to be able to do it well.
“I explored a training course, I went and did a diploma to be a funeral celebrant and it just happened from there.
“I will miss the shop, I've really wanted this shop to be where young people can come in and get into music and others can share their passion which it has been.”
The resurgence of vinyl records in the 21st century took spectators by surprise to begin with, having seen CDs and then streaming bully their way to the top of the listening tables.
But Vinyl LP purchases have risen for the 16th consecutive year and artists such as Taylor Swift and Olivia Rodrigo have been credited with attracting a younger generation to the medium.
In fact, for the first time since 1992, vinyl records are now in the basket of goods used to measure inflation in the UK.
And in Creekside Vinyl, the new owner would be getting a business dedicated to the “up-and-up” world of vinyl records.
Mr Tyler said: “The outpouring of love when I announced the news was really touching.
“Faversham as a town generally loves music and loves art, we've got a lovely cinema around the corner, bookshops, independent shops and mostly the people of the town love it and enjoy it.
“I think Faversham needs and deserves a record shop.
“Vinyl is on the up, there are now 461 independent record shops in the UK which is a lot more than when I first started.”
Creekside Vinyl will remain open for the foreseeable future while a new boss is found for the shop.
Trying to find the right nursery, school, college, university or training provider in Kent or Medway? Our Education Directory has everything you could possibly need!
This website and its associated newspaper are members of the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
© KM Group 2025