Says on social media post that she’s determined to return to the stage.
Saying that her battle against Stiff Person Syndrome “has been one of the hardest experiences of my life,” Celine Dion posted a message on social media recognizing March 15 as International Stiff Person Syndrome Awareness Day.
A post shared by Céline Dion (@celinedion)
Dion is shown in a photo with her sons, René-Charles, Nelson and Eddy Angélil on a platform for the go-kart racing organization K1 Speed.
Dion announced in December 2022 that she suffered from the rare autoimmune disorder. She has been unable to return to performing, rescheduling her postponed dates at Resorts World Theatre or in her international “Courage” tour.
Dion has recently made public appearances, presenting the Grammy for Album of the Year to Taylor Swift last month in L.A. She has also attended a pair of Vegas Golden Knights games when the Montreal Canadiens were in town last November and the Edmonton Oilers visited the week after the Grammys.
Dion expressed optimism in her Instagram post.
“… I remain determined to one day get back onto the stage and to live as normal of a life as possible. I am deeply grateful for the love and support from my kids, family, team and all of you.”
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP