The much-anticipated adaptation of the wildly successful Twilight book series onto the big screen was deemed a huge success with the premiere of the first Twilight film in 2008.
Almost immediately after, production began in a frenzy on the film’s follow-up, The Twilight Saga: New Moon, as well as rumors of a real-life romance between the movie’s co-stars, Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart (AKA Edward Cullen and Bella Swan). While the twosome remains consistent in their denial of any romantic involvement, it exists as part of the alluring intrigue of Twilight.
Taylor Lautner teetered on the edge of being recast (Rachelle Lefevre wasn’t quite as lucky), but managed to bulk up enough to keep the role of Jacob Black after gaining an impressive 30 lbs. of muscle to his 17-year-old frame. He too found himself under media scrutiny for his short-lived romances to Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift.
Ashley Greene and Kellan Lutz have probably been the cast members interacting most with fans–it’s a bit overwhelming for KStew and RPattz–posing for multiple photo shoots, signing autographs at events and chatting all things Twilight on talk show interviews.
In addition, Anna Kendrick became a breakout star, going from her supporting role in Twilight as Bella Swan’s chatty high school buddy to starring opposite George Clooney in Up in the Air and has been receiving critical accolades as a result.
Dakota Fanning‘s addition to the cast gave her the opportunity to work with Kristen Stewart twice, since the two girls star as a real-life best buds in the Joan Jett biopic, The Runaways, and as a result, a real-life friendship blossomed.
Here’s to hoping that 2010 continues the Twilight phenomenon, “eclipsing” all other entertainment news!
Socialite Life debuted back in 2003. SL Flashback showcases some of our favorite content from years past. This article was originally published on January 1, 2010.
Like most websites, Socialite Life uses affiliate links where available, which means we earn a little commission if you click through and buy something. Also, as Amazon Influencers, we earn from qualifying purchases. Savings shown are those from the date and time of this article’s publication.
Last update on 2025-05-03 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Sign in to your account
 Remember me