Live events company Fever have announced they are scheduled to host Candlelight Concerts in Middlesbrough.


  Project manager for concerts in the North East Region, Olivier Parkes, said: "Since launching in Newcastle last year, we’ve brought Candlelight to other regional towns, including Sunderland, and more recently, Middlesbrough.


  “The reception has been wonderful and we’re looking forward to introducing Candlelight to more unique venues this year.


  With the first concert scheduled later this month, there is much to look forward to as there is something for everyone.


  First audiences can discover the music of Vivaldi's Four Seasons at Saint Mary's RC Cathedral under the gentle glow of candlelight on Saturday, January 27 as well as the best works of Hans Zimmer later the same evening, all performed by a string quartet, String Infusion.


  Fans of Taylor Swift will be overjoyed that they can experience her music like never before with fan favourites like Love Story and Blank Space at Saint Mary's RC Cathedral on Saturday, February 17.


  A tribute to Coldplay will join the lineup also at Saint Mary's RC Cathedral on Saturday, February 17 and Saturday, March 16.


  Additionally, a tribute to Queen performed by String Infusion will see rock classics such as Bohemian Rhapsody and Somebody to Love on Saturday, March 16.


Read More:


  Olivier Parkes said: “For Middlesbrough, which is scheduled to host its first Candlelight concert later this month, it has been a true delight to see the overall response from the community following its announcement.


  “The venues that we work with benefit from the exposure that they receive from Candlelight, as do the local musicians that we select to perform in the concerts, but the aspect we take the most pride in, is making the classical music genre more accessible to new and diverse audiences and we have every intention to continue doing so in the North East in 2024.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.