Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
The singer opened up about her battle with SPS in an Instagram post in March.
Contact us by Email
March 16 2024, Published 3:00 p.m. ET
Celine Dion is looking healthy and happy with her family by her side. The legendary singer took to Instagram on Friday to share an update on her ongoing battle with Stiff Person Syndrome, a rare neurological disorder that causes muscle stiffness and painful spasms, RadarOnline.com can report.
Dion, 55, opened up about her condition alongside a sweet photo of her and her three sons, Rene-Charles, 23, and twins Nelson and Eddy, 13, smiling atop a podium for indoor go-kart racing company K1 Speed. She shares all three sons with her late husband and manager, René Angélil, who died in 2016.
"Today the world recognizes International SPS Awareness Day. As many of you know, in the fall of 2022, I was diagnosed with Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS)," Dion wrote in the caption.
"Trying to overcome this autoimmune disorder has been one of the hardest experiences of my life, but I remain determined to one day get back onto the stage and to live as normal of a life as possible," she added.
"I am deeply grateful for the love and support from my kids, family, team and all of you! I want to send my encouragement and support to all those around the world that have been affected by SPS. I want you to know you can do it! We can do it!"
Dion shared an update on her health for International SPS Awareness Day.
Stiff Person Syndrome has affected Dion's ability to sing and walk, and she has rarely appeared in public since announcing her diagnosis in 2022 and being forced to postpone and then cancel a world tour as her condition worsened.
The star was greeted with a standing ovation when she presented the Album of the Year trophy to Taylor Swift at the Grammys last month, and she was spotted giving an impromptu performance with Grammy-nominated songwriter Sonyaé backstage at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Dion announced her diagnosis in December 2022. 
In January, Dion also announced I Am: Celine Dion, a documentary for Prime Video helmed by Oscar-nominated director Irene Taylor that will follow her battle with Stiff Person Syndrome.
"This last couple of years has been such a challenge for me, the journey from discovering my condition to learning how to live with and manage it, but not to let it define me," she said at the time.
"As the road to resuming my performing career continues, I have realized how much I have missed it, of being able to see my fans. During this absence, I decided I wanted to document this part of my life, to try to raise awareness of this little-known condition, to help others who share this diagnosis."
Celine recently announced a documentary that will follow her battle with her health.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.