Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
An arty new clothing shop in Newcastle is open for business and its debut certainly won't go unnoticed.
Flaura Rose in the Ouseburn had its big launch party on Wednesday night and it has been offering sneak peeks of the kinds of goodies it will be selling and glimpses of its interior: think shocking pink and disco balls. It's a first shop for Laura Walvin who up until now has been selling her unique, colourful range of clothing, including re-works of vintage wear, at local markets and pop-ups.
She'll continue doing those, as she loves them and they have earned her a loyal following, but the shop is a different concept. And it sees the 31-year-old branch out with a girl power move by creating a Flaura Rose small collective of female-owned small businesses - 10 in all - under one roof. 
While the venue will be "very much based around girl gang and disco vibes", she says, "is It is also going to double as a coffee and doughnut shop". With so many sweet treats in one spot, the shop - in Lime Street is set to capture the interest of not just passersby interested in exploring the range of stock but also those who already follow the brand. 
"This is a different business, with a different range and collection," she points out. She has been busy building up stock and this is an opportunity to show designs which she has not been able to transport to markets.
The arty area of the Ouseburn seems a perfect fit for Flaura Rose which has transformed what were former offices of the Ouseburn Trust, which has moved next door. Ahead of the launch party, Laura, who is from County Durham and studied fashion-buying at university in London, was posting progress reports on Instagram where she summed herself up as "I love travelling, bright colours, glitter and anything disco!"
Of her approach to her clothing range she added: "I design my clothes with this in mind and love to create fun collections." Now she is delighted with her vibrant shop to match - joking "I love pink -can you tell?" - and is hugely excited about its opening, despite being exhausted by all the hard work leading up to this point since she collected the keys for the building in January.
Then, she'd just returned from honeymoon and now she is about to move house so it has been exhausting but she says: "I'm very excited! It's always been my dream to open a shop."
Ever since she first came up with the idea of running her own business seven years ago, her mother June has supported her in everything from sewing her unique clothes to selling them at urban markets. 
Laura introduces her as Mama Rose, alongside Lauren Logan who started as a fan of the brand and is now on board working part-time and and also creating original artwork - inspired by nature and psychedelia - for it. Customers will be able to see an example of it on the back of a range of 'reworked denim jackets' which Laura makes.
On Instagram, Laura also includes introductions to some of the "girl gang" members who are now part of the collective and whose creations will be on sale when Flaura Rose opens its doors following Wednesday evening's launch party - when pink prosecco and a party spirit will be flowing.
Among them are abstract artist and crafter Amy Sedum who makes use of saved and donated materials and Raw Print Shop which has expanded from its coast-inspired prints into home decor plus It Girl Vintage; Rooted Floral Design and Plantopia. And Flaura Rose's Instagram and Facebook followers clearly can't wait to find out more, with comments including "loving the girl gang!" and "So exciting!"
Flaura Rose will open Wednesday to Sunday, 10am-5pm. Coffees, by Tynemouth Coffee Company, will be on sale each day, with doughnuts - by R Place in North Shields - being available Wednesday to Saturday. There are plans to host workshops upstairs too, such as a Taylor Swift banner workshop. Find out more about the Newcastle business here.
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community