This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News contributor Jonathan Turley joins ‘Fox & Friends Weekend’ to discuss the Justice Department’s investigation into Biden and Trump’s respective classified documents cases.
February 2024 marked a historic month for Fox News Digital as it surpassed CNN in multiplatform unique visitors for the first time ever. 
The latest data from Comscore showed Fox News Digital leading all news organization in total digital multiplatform unique visitors, topping 115 million, while CNN reached 111 million. Year over year, Fox News Digital saw a whopping 18% surge from February 2023 in the key metric while CNN was down 6% in the same time period. 
Fox News Digital continued its dominance in both total multiplatform views and multiplatform minutes over all news organizations last month. Fox News Digital led with 1.6 billion multiplatform views, besting CNN's 1.2 billion and The New York Times' 1.5 billion. 
FOX NEWS CHANNEL TRIUMPHS AS MOST-WATCHED NETWORK FOR BIDEN'S STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS
Fox News Digital bested CNN in total multiplaform unique visitors for the first time ever in February 2024.  (istock)
Fox News Digital trounced the competition in multiplatform minutes reaching a stunning 3.1 billion multiplatform minutes in February, dwarfing CNN's 1.8 billion and the Times' 1.5 billion. 
FoxBusiness.com also drove total multiplatform views with 161 million, defeating CNN Business and Bloomberg.com.
Additionally, Fox News maintained its status as the most engaged news brand on social media. February marked Fox News' 114th consecutive month at the top with 23.9 million total social interactions according to Emplifi. 5.7 million of those interactions came from Facebook, 16 million from Instagram and 2.2 million from X, formerly known as Twitter. 
Fox News also surpassed 189 million views on YouTube, according to Shareablee. 
AMERICANS TURNED TO FOX NEWS DIGITAL IN 2023 AS PLATFORM FINISHES AS TOP-PERFORMING NEWS BRAND
President Biden dominated headlines following the release of the explosive report from former Special Counsel Robert Hur. (REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
February marked a busy month for news. Some of the biggest headlines stemmed from the release of former Special Counsel Robert Hur's report which put a spotlight on President Biden's mental acuity. 
The biggest cultural newsmaker was Taylor Swift, whose presence dominated this year's Super Bowl with her boyfriend Travis Kelce's Kansas City Chiefs defeating the San Francisco 49ers in a nailbiting overtime. Swift later took home the top prize at the Grammy Awards, winning Album of the Year. 
Joseph A. Wulfsohn is a media reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to joseph.wulfsohn@fox.com and on Twitter: @JosephWulfsohn.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.