Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				The Kansas City Chiefs tight end is hosting the Amazon Prime Video reboot of 'Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader?' Get all the updates about Travis' new role.			

Find Out

Travis Kelce is now a game show host! The Kansas City Chiefs tight end — who won the 2024 Super Bowl with his teammates and girlfriend Taylor Swift by his side — is the host of Amazon Prime Video’s upcoming Are Your Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? reboot. And Hollywood Life has rounded up all the details you need to know about the show, below.
Variety reported on March 19 that the athlete was in talks to become the reboot show’s host. This would be Travis’ first on-screen role since his reality series, Catching Kelce. He currently co-hosts his and brother Jason Kelce‘s podcast, “New Heights.”
The insiders informed the outlet that the only concern was how committed Travis will be to the production as a busy football star.
i like to think my ever so viral “travis kelce is actually smart” tweet from november contributed to this https://t.co/pj7QLni4Dg
— kenz (@ohsohighschool) March 19, 2024
Amazing confirmed that the reboot series will premiere on Prime Video on October 16, 2024.
“The 20-episode Amazon MGM Studios Original series, hosted by NFL legend Travis Kelce, will be available exclusively on Prime Video in more than 240 countries and territories around the world,” the streamer announced.
Who Is Starring on ‘Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity?’
According to multiple outlets, several celebrities will appear in the upcoming series, including Nikki Glaser, Natasha Leggero, Ryan Fitzpatrick, Chad “Ochocinco” Johnson, Sophia Stallone, Garcelle Beauvais and Lala Kent.
Whether or not he steps into the role as a game show host, Travis has not expressed any interest in retiring from the NFL anytime soon. Despite admitting to WSJ. Magazine in 2023 that he had thought about retiring “more than anyone could ever imagine” due to injuries, the football tight end clarified his statement during a press conference in January 2024.
After reporters and journalists asked Travis if he was thinking about quitting the sport, he joked,  “Do you guys not think about retirement? Am I the only one in this boat?”
He then clarified, “I have no reason to stop playing football, man. I love it. We still have success. Come in with the right mindset. I just love the challenge that it gives me every single day, to try and be at my best. … I have no desire to stop any time soon.”
The only Kelce who has retired was Jason. The now-former Philadelphia Eagles player stepped down from the NFL in February 2024 in an emotional press conference.


					Travis Kelce Then & Now: Photos of His Evolution From NFL Rookie to Super Bowl Champ				

Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect