At Saks’ latest sale, you won’t need famous friends or family to shop like a star.
The retailer is discounting hundreds of high-end items during its Friends & Family event, including celebrity-worn pieces from the likes of Alice + Olivia, Reformation and Strathberry.
And from royal-loved denim to red caret-worthy heels, plenty of items are available at over $200 off. Below, shop a selection of 15 top finds before the sale ends on March 28.
When it comes to racking up celebrity fans, Mansur Gavriel has it in the (literal) bag. Margot Robbie carried the pale pink version of this spacious tote in “Barbie,” while Julianne Moore and Katie Holmes both own it in brown.
Taylor Swift is practically the poster girl for LA-based brand Dôen, having donned its delicate designs on multiple occasions. With warmer weather on the way, get your wardrobe ready with similar styles like this yellow sundress.
While plenty of stars have dipped a toe into Wolford’s signature tights, the brand also makes great elevated basics. Just ask Kim Kardashian and Selena Gomez, who’ve both rocked this soft bodysuit in Instagram posts over the years.
Known as the purveyor of Jennifer Aniston’s panties — she once revealed she was wearing the brand’s underpinnings during an Interview magazine chat — Hanky Panky was a shoo-in for our roundup of the most celeb-loved lingerie.
Meghan Markle owns several Strathberry styles, including the green version of this chic East/West bag. 
If it’s stars’ eyewear you’re eyeing, now’s the prime time to pick up designer frames for less.
Jennifer Lopez is beyond obsessed with Beyond Yoga, as she’s rocked its leggings in countless colors over the years.
Mother’s classic blue jeans are a celebrity favorite for a reason. “RHOBH star Sutton Stracke recently told us they’re “not only comfortable, but super stylish.”
Perhaps Meghan Markle would agree, as she famously wore the brand’s distressed denim for her first appearance with Prince Harry.
When it comes to cocktail dresses, it seems diamanté is a girl’s best friend. Kyle Richards owns several of Self Portrait’s bedazzled styles, while Selena Gomez once wore hers for a talk show appearance.
Stuart Weitzman’s minimalist Nudist sandals are a red carpet staple, popping up everywhere from the Oscars to the Met Gala on stars like Beyoncé and Kim Kardashian. 
Free People’s long list of famous fans includes Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez, the latter of whom favors its statement-making coats. While her exact styles aren’t in stock, score designs like this one at a steep savings.
While high-end designers like Jil Sander have hefty price tags, the quiet luxury-esque style staples offer countless outfit possibilities. And at a whopping $270 off, now might be the prime time to splurge on a new wardrobe investment piece.
With summer on the way, step into the season in style with Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle-loved espadrilles from Castañer.
Who says you have to wait until Memorial Day to break out crisp white style staples? Get ready for summer in style with these chic Carolina Herrera pants.