By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:12, 19 March 2024   |  Updated:  18:42, 19 March 2024   
 15
View  comments
Beyonce fans are now wondering if Taylor Swift will appear on the pop icon's new country album, Country Carter. 
The Diva songstress, 42, revealed she had 'collaborated with some brilliant artists who I deeply respect' for her upcoming project - and many fans suspected one of the mystery musicians would be Swift, 34.
On X, formerly Twitter, fans expressed their hopes a Beyonce and Taylor collaboration would feature on the album.
'Swear WE NEED A BEYONCÉ-TAYLOR SWIFT DUET PLS PLS PLSSS,' one fan tweeted.
'if this is the album where Beyonce finally brings back country Taylor Swift the internet is gonna break in HALF,' one posted.
Beyonce fans are now wondering if Taylor Swift will appear on the pop icon's new country album, Country Carter
One fan posted: 'Beyoncé x Taylor Swift (finally).'
'If the Taylor Swift and Beyoncé rumours are true… THE WORLD WILL STOP COMPLETELY! All streaming platforms will CRASH!,' another posted amid the speculation.
'Beyonce ft Taylor Swift. #COWBOYCARTER,' one wrote.
'Oh I just know that Beyonce x Taylor Swift collab is coming,' one wrote.
'Like imagine,' another posted, 'Beyonce - Song Title (Feat. Taylor Swift). It looks so beautiful.'
The duet wouldn't be a complete surprise, considering the two powerful musicians have supported one another in the past.
Both Beyonce and Swift dropped concert films last year - and they attended one another's premieres. 
After the premiere for her Eras Concert tour film, Swift shared a boomerang of her and Beyonce munching on popcorn in the theatre as she gushed, 'I’m so glad I’ll never know what my life would’ve been like without @beyonce‘s influence. 
On X, formerly Twitter, fans expressed their hopes a Beyonce and Taylor collaboration would feature on the album, with many simply tweeting, 'Beyonce x Taylor Swift'
'The way she’s taught me and every artist out here to break rules and defy industry norms. Her generosity of spirit. Her resilience and versatility. She’s been a guiding light throughout my career and the fact that she showed up tonight was like an actual fairytale.'
It comes after Beyonce unveiled the cover for her hotly anticipated country album Cowboy Carter - while addressing the backlash she received for entering the genre.
'Today marks the 10-day countdown until the release of act ii,' the Grammy winner began. 'Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of the supporters of [the album's singles] TEXAS HOLD ‘EM and 16 CARRIAGES.'
She continued: 'I feel honored to be the first Black woman with the number one single on the Hot Country Songs chart. That would not have happened without the outpouring of support from each and every one of you.'
The Texas-born added: 'My hope is that years from now, the mention of an artist’s race, as it relates to releasing genres of music, will be irrelevant.'
Her album cover shows Beyoncé on horseback, brandishing an American flag while wearing a red, white and blue leather outfit with a silver Stetson.
She has on a massive silver wig that flutters in the breeze, as well as a sash with the album's name draped across her front.
'This album has been over five years in the making. It was born out of an experience that I had years ago where I did not feel welcomed…and it was very clear that I wasn’t,' Beyoncé wrote in the caption.
It comes after Beyonce unveiled the cover for her hotly anticipated country album Cowboy Carter
'But, because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of Country music and studied our rich musical archive. It feels good to see how music can unite so many people around the world, while also amplifying the voices of some of the people who have dedicated so much of their lives educating on our musical history.'
She added: 'The criticisms I faced when I first entered this genre forced me to propel past the limitations that were put on me. act ii is a result of challenging myself, and taking my time to bend and blend genres together to create this body of work.'
Beyoncé teased: 'I have a few surprises on the album, and have collaborated with some brilliant artists who I deeply respect. I hope that you can hear my heart and soul, and all the love and passion that I poured into every detail and every sound.'
She explained: 'I focused on this album as a continuation of RENAISSANCE…I hope this music is an experience, creating another journey where you can close your eyes, start from the beginning and never stop.'
In conclusion, she wrote: 'This ain’t a Country album. This is a “Beyoncé” album. This is act ii COWBOY CARTER, and I am proud to share it with y’all!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group