FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. – Conference play is finally here and with that are the 2024 softball promotions! Fans can join us all season for giveaways, color outs, autograph sessions and more. Here are some things to keep in mind this season:
Food Options at Bogle Park: On the concourse this years, fan can enjoy traditional ball park concession items such as hot dogs, popcorn and pretzels at the stand behind home plate along with Shake’s ice cream and Freedom Kettle Corn. Along the third base line, there’s a grab and go concession stand and on Fridays we’ll be grilling up some Bogle Bomber burgers while supplies last!
In the Bogle Berm, there will be a Coke Trailer with additional food and drink options as well as a variety of food tucks all season long.
Outside food and beverage will be allowed in the Bogle Berm again this season. Food items must be brought into the Berm in coolers or disposable bags. Beverages must be in a cooler. Personal bags with no food or drinks must follow the clear bag policy. Outside food and drinks will not be allowed on the concourse or in the chairback seating area at Bogle Park.
Bogle Park Fan Experience Endowment
An endowment fund has been set up through the Razorback Foundation to support and enhance the fan experience at Bogle Park. Fans can contribute to this fund and help us make the game day experience even better by clicking here.
Giveaways, Theme Days, Celebrations, and more: Some of your favorite giveaways are returning to the ballpark this year, along with some new promotions, theme days, celebrations, and special events.

Friday, March 22 at 6 p.m.| Mini Bogle Park Replica Giveaway
To open SEC play at Bogle Park, we’re giving away a mini Bogle Park replica! Available while supplies last. Plus, after the game all kids in attendance will be able to come down and run the bases of Bogle Park.
Saturday, March 23 at 2 p.m. | Post-game Egg Hunt
All kids, 12 and under, will receive a basket and will be broken up into age groups for a post-game egg hunt throughout Bogle Park.
Sunday, March 24 at 12 p.m. | Women’s Empowerment Day
As part of women’s history month, the Razorback Softball team will recognize those who have made an impact on them. Fans will recieve a pink pom pom and a women’s empowerment bracelet. Plus, we’re hosting post-game autographs with players signing their own 2024 Razorback Softball trading card.
Friday, April 5 at 5 p.m. | Hog Wild Band to Bogle
The Best in Sight and Sound returns to Bogle Park to help bring the energy! Fans can enjoy the Hog Wild Band and will receive a Wooo Pig Sooie roll-a-banner courtesy of Vold Vision. Plus, we’ll have a post-game Kids Run the Bases.
Saturday, April 6 at 12 p.m. | Mary Haff Shirsey Giveaway
Former Razorback All-American pitcher, Mary Haff, returns to Bogle Park as a graduate assistant with the Missouri Tigers. To celebrate her career as a Raozrback, fans will receive a replica Marry Haff shirsey! Plus the Ozark mini pigs will be in the Bogle Berm pregame.
Sunday, April 7 at 2 p.m. | Rally Towel Giveaway
We remember long time Razorback Softball fan, Ann Morris, who passed away this offseason. For years at Bogle Park, Ann would give out her homemade rally towels. In her memory, we will be giving out similar custom rally towels to fans. Plus, stick around for post-game autographs with players signing their own 2024 Razorback Softball trading card.
Friday, April 19 at 6 p.m. |  Taylor Swift Night
It’s Taylor Swift night! Celebrate her new album as we play Swiftie music all game long. We’ll also be giving away a commemorative ERAzorbacks Tour poster. Plus, post-game kids run the bases.
Saturday, April 20 at 8 p.m. | Glow Night
A late-night matchup means we’re going to make Bogle Park glow. Fans will recieve an LED foam lightstick and we’ll have a fireworks show after the game.
Sunday, April 21 at 1 p.m. | Bark in the Park
Bark in the Park is back! Bring your dog to Bogle and submit their picture to appear on the vidoboard throughout the game! Plus, there will be puppies in attendance that are currently looking for their fur-ever homes. Submit your pet’s picture here. Fans can also join us after the game for post-game autographs with players signing their own 2024 Razorback Softball trading card.
Friday, May 3 at 6 p.m. | Karaoke Night & White Out
It’s our annual white out game at Bogle Park! Fans will receive a white pom pom and everyone is encouraged to wear white.
Plus, grab the mic and show us what you’ve got – Bogle Park karaoke night is back! Register here to sing your favorite song on top of the dugout between innings. Every fan who participates will receive a Razorback Softball prize pack.
We’ll be giving out trading cards, and post-game kids run the bases.
Saturday, May 4 at 3 p.m. | Red Out
It’s a Red Out! Fans will receive a red pom pom and everyone is encouraged to wear red. Fans will also receive 2024 softball trading cards.
Sunday, May 5 at 1 p.m. | Senior Day
Come support the Razorback Softball senior class of 2024 with our post-game senior ceremony. Fans can also submit a message to be displayed on the videoboard by clicking here. Fans will also receive a “Two Claps and a Sooie” t-shirt courtesy of Coca-Cola.
University of Arkansas 2025. All Rights Reserved.