By Peter White 
Executive Editor, Television

Travis Kelce has made no secret of his interest in an off-field career when he retire from the NFL.

	The Kansas City Chiefs tight end is now in talks to host his first game show – a reboot of Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader? for Amazon.

	Sources told Deadline that there are conversations but a deal is not yet closed. This could also depend on his availability given that he appears ready to suit up for the Super Bowl champions for another seasons – a “threepeat” if you like.

	Kelce previously hosted dating show Catching Kelce for the USA Network, long before he got together with Taylor Swift.

	










	It would mark the latest reboot of the format, which came from Mark Burnett, and aired on Fox between 2007 and 2009 and again in 2015. There was also a syndicated version and a reboot on Nickelodeon, hosted by John Cena, in 2019.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The news was broken by Perez Hilton. Amazon declined to comment.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.