By Anthony D'Alessandro 
Editorial Director/Box Office Editor

Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour broke records on Disney+ with 4.6 million views, making it the No. 1 music film ever on the platform per the studio. 

	Swifties watched 16.2 million hours of the blockbuster 3.5-hour concert film this past weekend.

	These viewership numbers are based on 3 days of streaming; views released for other movie premieres on Disney+ were based on 5 days of viewing (i.e. The Little Mermaid, Elemental). 

	The Disney+ edition of the concert featured the performances of new songs by the 14x Grammy winner such as “cardigan” as well as four additional acoustic songs: “Maroon,” “Death by a Thousand Cuts,” “You Are in Love,” and “I Can See You.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					2025 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming		
			















	Casting
	



	
		
					Greg Kinnear, Aidy Bryant & Shay Rudolph To Lead Disney+ Pilot 'Holes'		
			







Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) is 3.5 hours long, making it significantly longer than most titles on Disney+. A view is defined as total stream time divided by runtime for those keeping track. 




			Watch on Deadline		






Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour, distributed by AMC Theatres, became the second highest grossing convert film ever at $262M worldwide behind Sony’s Michael Jackson swan song, This Is It, at $267M. Stateside with $180.7M, Eras Tour is the highest grossing concert film at the domestic B.O. 

	Other Disney+ concert and music events include Elton John: Farewell from Dodger Stadium, Black Is King: A Film by Beyoncé, and The Beatles: Get Back. There’s also Swift’s own, folklore: the long pond studio sessions.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.