Please Don’t Touch Him
Man falls to his death from a hot-air balloon in Australia – LINK
Missouri morel hunters expect an early 2024 season – LINK
Mega Millions jackpot approaching $900 million: What to know about the next lottery drawing – LINK
The Irish Navy Has One Ship . . . with One Job . . . But It Couldn’t Be Bothered on St. Paddy’s Day – LINK
Crafts retailer Joann files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy as consumers cut back on pandemic-era hobbies – LINK
Family Dollar, Dollar Tree closing 1000 stores – LINK
MUSIC
John Mellencamp cut his show short the other night in Toledo. He was telling a story in between songs about his grandmother, when a heckler called him out for talking too much. And this is what that sounded like (play audio)  According to the Toledo Blade, Mellencamp returned to the stage after about five minutes and performed several more songs, including “Rain on the Scarecrow,” “Lonely Ol’ Night” and “Pink Houses” – LINK
The way Taylor Swift fans treat each other reminded Eddie Vedder of how people treated each other when he went to punk rock shows, saying, “The run-up to it, making friendship bracelets with her and the generosity of these young girls and boys, trading these bracelets with different messages on them — lyrics, song titles, just acts of good will on these little bracelets. They had found their tribe; they were all agreeing on something.” He added, “The craziest thing was it reminded me of punk rock crowds, of being aligned with all of the misfits in our town, back in the day. It was galvanizing and powerful” – LINK
On Sunday night, Ozzy Osbourne had roughly 35-hundred more votes than the Dave Matthews Band in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Fan Vote. Matthews had jumped two slots last week, overtaking Peter Frampton and Foreigner, to land at number-two behind Ozzy. But overnight, he overtook Ozzy and now leads by more than 3,000 votes.
TV
Richard Simmons apologized to fans for sparking concern over a bizarre post about nearing death he wrote on social media yesterday. “Sorry many of you have gotten upset about my message today. Even the press has gotten in touch with me,” he began. “I am not dying. It was a message about saying how we should embrace every day that we have.  Sorry for this confusion. Love, Richard,” he wrote on X – LINK
MrBeast, aka Jimmy Donaldson, is taking his antics to new heights with Beast Games on Amazon Prime Video for a new reality competition that will feature 1,000 contestants competing for a $5 million cash payout. The prize is touted as the biggest single prize in the history of television and streaming – LINK
MOVIES
Over the weekend, Tom Cruise was seen with a film crew scaling the Hollywood sign.  No word what it’s for. The actor wore an all-black t-shirt, pants and shoes for the shoot and at one point flashed his abs from underneath his shirt. Largely thanks to his long-running Mission: Impossible series, Cruise has become synonymous with the dangerous stunts seen in the action-packed films. A representative for Cruise did not immediately respond to PEOPLE’s request for comment Monday. It’s unclear what Cruise was filming on Saturday.
We may have an idea about who the next James Bond will be. And it’s Aaron Taylor-Johnson – from the Kick Ass movies. Aaron, 33, was in the running for the top job alongside actors including Oscar-winning Cillian Murphy, Idris Elba, Henry Cavill and James Norton. When asked last week whether he would step into Bond’s shoes, Aaron said: “I find it charming and wonderful that people see me in that role. I take it as a great compliment” – LINK 
All eight Spider-Man movies will be returning on the big screen. Sony Pictures is bringing back the movies to theaters on consecutive Mondays. Starting on April 15th, the Spider-Man trilogy starring Tobey Maguire will run, followed by the Amazing Spider-Man series with Andrew Garfield and the Tom Holland Spider-Man trio – LINK
Disney+ announced that Wish will debut on April 3 – LINK
MISC
Instagram is reportedly testing a feature where you can put a new spin on someone else’s reel. Instagram Spin would allow you to take someone’s reel and swap the audio and text out to create a new version of the content – LINK 
Everyone has been worried about Kate Middleton since her sudden abdominal surgery in January. She was finally seen out and about near her home in Windsor. The Sun obtained a video of the Princess of Wales paying a visit to her favorite Windsor Farm Stand.  Kate looked “happy, relaxed and healthy” during the outing – LINK 
Caitlyn Jenner and Lamar Odom are launching a sports podcast.  The former in-laws — Caitlyn was Lamar’s stepfather-in-law when the ex-NBA star was married to Khloe Kardashian — are launching “Keeping Up with Sports,” a podcast meant to take a fresh look at what it really takes to be the best – LINK
AND FINALLY!
Which band is the ‘grungiest’ of them all?
RANKER.COM put together a list of the Grungiest of Bands of all time – LINK 
TV TONIGHT
Tuesday, March 19th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings are subject to change
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC