Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift has just finished a sold-out run of her record-breaking Eras Tour across the United States, South America, Mexico, Australia and Asia and is taking a nearly two-month hiatus.
Swift, 34, has had a phenomenal year since she started the tour last March. It became the highest-grossing live music tour long before it hit the halfway point of its 152 shows worldwide.
The tour is set to conclude in December 2024. It's seen unprecedented demand and has made over $1 billion—breaking the record for the highest-grossing tour of all time, according to Guinness World Records.
The tour's last concert was a sold-out show at the 55,000-seat National Stadium in Singapore on March 9. She is taking the extended break before her next concert, which will be in Paris in May.
"We got to play 6 shows in Singapore for the most wonderful crowds — just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart to everyone who traveled and put so much effort into being at our shows," Swift wrote on Instagram on March 10.
"What an unforgettable way to end this leg of the tour!! See you in May when we get back to the Eras Tour!! In the meantime, I've got an album to release," she said.
The pop superstar will debut her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, on April 19 during her break. At this year's Grammys, Swift announced she would be releasing the album while accepting the award for best pop vocal performance, her 13th Grammy. She also said she had been recording the album in secret.
Swift's well-deserved downtime will end when she flies to France for the first show of the tour's next leg. The European shows commence at Paris' La Défense Arena on May 9, where they will run until May 12.
A post shared by instagram
After her final show in Paris, Swift will head to other European countries, including Sweden, Portugal, Spain and Germany. She will also perform shows in England.
After completing the European leg of her tour in the middle of August, she will make a few last-minute appearances in American cities, including Miami, New Orleans and Indianapolis. She's scheduled to end her tour in Canada, with multiple shows in November and December. The tour is expected to conclude on December 8 in Vancouver, five days before her 35th birthday on December 13.
Newsweek emailed a Swift representative for comment.
Last July, Swift started dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, with the couple going public with their relationship in September. The Chiefs, who won this year's Super Bowl, will start training camp in the summer.
The camp will start on July 23 and run until August 17, with only six days off in that period. This means Kelce will be busy while Swift is on the road.
May 9-12: Paris, France
May 17-19: Stockholm, Sweden
May 24-30: Lisbon, Portugal
June 2-3: Lyon, France
June 7-9: Edinburgh, Scotland
June 13-15: Liverpool, England
June 18: Cardiff, Wales
June 21-23: London, England
June 28-30: Dublin, Ireland
July 4-6: Amsterdam, the Netherlands
July 9-10: Zurich, Switzerland
July 13-14: Milan, Italy
July 17-19: Gelsenkirchen, Germany
July 23-24: Hamburg, Germany
July 27-28: Munich, Germany
August 1-3: Warsaw, Poland
August 8-10: Vienna, Austria
August 15-17,19-20: London, England
October 18-20: Miami, United States
October 25-27: New Orleans, United States
November 1-3: Indianapolis, Indiana
November 14-16, 21-23: Toronto, Canada
December 6-8: Vancouver, Canada
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC