Newcity Music
Reviews, profiles and news about music in Chicago
by Hugh Iglarsh | March 19, 2024
 Postcard of “Night Along Rush Street”/West Nyack, NY: Dexter Press, Inc., 1964All images courtesy the Newberry Library
Defining “hipness” is a tricky business. It’s about sophistication, certainly—that feeling of being just a step ahead of the pack in terms of taste or style or awareness. And then there’s relevance, knowing that something or someone is precisely in sync with what’s going down in the larger world. And surely there’s an element of dumb luck—of being in the right place at the right time, guided by the right people.
The 2021 documentary “Live at Mister Kelly’s” and a matching exhibit (“A Night at Mister Kelly’s”) opening this month at the Newberry Library demonstrate that Mister Kelly’s and its companion Chicago nightclubs—the London House and Happy Medium—had hipness to spare, however it’s defined. It was a quality that other nightspots of the period like the Empire Room or the Chez Paree could emulate but never quite match. Owned by the Hyde Park-bred Marienthal Brothers—George (1909-1972) and Oscar (1913-1963)—the small group of clubs defined the cultural upper reaches of the mid-century milieu rediscovered by millennials in such popular series as “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” and “Mad Men.” In the mobbed-up, semi-red-light district that was Rush Street, a mini-Vegas lined with strip clubs and clip joints, Mister Kelly’s was a beacon of discriminating, edgy taste, infused with a deep-down classiness and an unexpected jolt of social consciousness. Along with a handful of other clubs in New York and San Francisco, the Marienthal niteries served as hotbeds of a culture emerging from the somnolent 1950s into the more vibrant era that followed.
 Don Bronstein (1926–68), Barbra Streisand posing in front of sign and brick wall, Chicago, 1963 , (digital reproduction)/Courtesy of the estate of Don Bronstein
The London House, by the Chicago River in the North Loop, focused on jazz, with Oscar Peterson—who recorded at least four live albums there—as a major draw. The Happy Medium at Rush and Delaware offered theater on its main floor space and live jazz—including for a time Joe Segal’s Jazz Showcase, now based in Dearborn Station—in the basement. Mister Kelly’s on Rush near Bellevue, in what would later come to be called the Viagra Triangle, paired comedy with music, launching and sustaining rising music stars, including a young Barbra Streisand, whose second album cover was photographed at the club and whose somewhat later  album, “People,” features a photo of her taken at nearby North Avenue Beach while in town for a Mister Kelly’s gig. Other performers who played Mister Kelly’s range from  Eartha Kitt, Nina Simone, and Bette Midler to Lenny Bruce, Bob Newhart, George Carlin, Richard Pryor and Lily Tomlin, as well as the pioneering interracial comedy duo of Tim and Tom (Tim Reid and Tom Dreesen). It’s not stretching far to say that Mister Kelly’s is where stand-up matured as an art form in Chicago.
The roster of musical and comedy luminaries who performed on a Marienthal-owned stage goes on for pages; it would be easier to list stars of the period who never made an appearance. Yet Mister Kelly’s was a relatively small space, holding no more than 200 revelers, and the other family-owned clubs were of comparable size. That combination of intimacy of environment and intensity of talent would be unthinkable today, when a Taylor Swift or Beyoncé would scoff at the idea of staging their mega-spectacles at any venue smaller than Soldier Field. A young Roberta Flack, back in 1971, put it succinctly: “Jesse Jackson told me I couldn’t appreciate the importance of this engagement. It’s costing me money to play Mister Kelly’s, but it’s worth it for the prestige.”
What distinguished these cabarets was not just the excellence of their cultural and culinary offerings, but also the enlightened policies of the owners, who made the clubs havens of integration and fair treatment at a time when these principles were far from universal in the entertainment world. The measure of their success is the number of live albums—including sessions by Anita O’Day, Sarah Vaughan, Ella Fitzgerald, Della Reese, Marian McPartland, Mort Sahl and the Smothers Brothers—recorded at Mister Kelly’s and the London House, as performers hoped to capture on vinyl the warmth and electricity of these places in their prime, as well as the ineffable Marienthal touch.
 Vivian Maier (1926–2009), Photograph of Mister Kelly’s exterior, Chicago, 1967
The Marienthal brothers’ nightlife empire was a fading bit of local history until David Marienthal, George’s son, decided to document it. It took more than five years to make the film “Live at Mister Kelly’s,” says Marienthal, interviewed by phone from his Santa Fe home. (Marienthal, who divides his time between New Mexico and Chicago, plans to be here for the March 21 opening of the Newberry exhibit.) “What got me off the mark was my mom passing in 2012,” he says. “I realized that unless somebody did something to memorialize it, it would all be lost. When I got started, I got such a great response from celebrities like Bob Newhart, who offered to set up the interview for me. These people had so much respect for my father. They had been starving artists, and this is where they got their first break. They were overjoyed to be able to make a decent living doing what they loved.”
For David Marienthal, who was in his early twenties when his father died and the clubs passed out of family hands, Mister Kelly’s is a distant youthful memory: “I did lights and sound for these shows—for Sarah Vaughan, Lainie Kazan, others of that caliber. Sarah would just grab the mic and start singing, but I was new at the job and sometimes the mic was off. If I weren’t the owner’s son, I would have been long gone.”
Once the clubs shut down—victims of television, changing tastes, and the rise of larger and better-paying venues, as well as the loss of the original visionary leadership—the younger Marienthal pursued other interests, from architecture to art teaching to the restaurant business, including running the Blue Mesa eatery on North Halsted for seventeen years in partnership, in the family tradition, with his brother Phil. Now a film producer—with hopes of perhaps turning his father’s and uncle’s colorful lives and times  into a semi-fictional series—he has embraced a new career that’s also a return to his roots.
“The process of putting this film together has brought the past alive in so many ways,” says Marienthal. “Growing up, my father was a celebrity—he would come home for dinner and head back to the club. So this has been a chance to really get to know about my father. It made me realize, among other things, the extent to which he and my uncle were in the forefront of the Civil Rights movement.”
 Postcard of Chicago Night Life/Rush Street at Night, Chicago: Handleman Co., ca. 1950s/Curt Teich Postcard Archives Collection
The documentary recounts the rise and fall of the Marienthal empire. Directed by Ted Bogosian and narrated by veteran local newsman  Bill Kurtis, the tale begins in the early 1950s, as the brothers convert a coffee shop, the Fort Dearborn Grill, in the stately 1920s London Guarantee building on East Wacker (now dubbed the LondonHouse Chicago hotel, in honor of the Marienthals’ first club) into a fancy steakhouse with top-notch jazz entertainment. Then came the high-flying late fifties and early and mid-sixties, when the family’s holdings grew and the clubs blossomed into national institutions. Later, there’s the slow fadeout, as the brothers sought with less and less success to adjust to the tastes of a denim-clad, rock ’n’ roll generation, with about as much interest in post-bop jazz as in the oeuvre of John Philip Sousa.
By the mid-1970s, the three clubs, all passed from family control, finished their long and distinguished runs. In November of 1975, the New York Times reported on the end of the Marienthal epoch on Rush Street under the funereal headline, “Jazz in Chicago Is Muted by Demise of Top Clubs.” The Happy Medium was torn down, becoming, many years later, a Tesla showroom. In what seems almost a deliberate insult, the London House space housed a Burger King. (It now contains a Corner Bakery.) Mister Kelly’s is now Gibson’s Bar and Steakhouse, a pricey, tourist-heavy eatery that offers the classic cocktails and meat-heavy entrees of the Marienthal days, but without the side of culture.
“Live at Mister Kelly’s” has made the rounds of the film festival circuit, had a WTTW airing and is available on DVD and for streaming. Marienthal proudly tells me that the movie won the Social Impact and Vision Award at the Ojai Film Festival—an award that includes use of a Panavision camera package for future projects.
 Earl E. Gustie (1921–98), Photograph of George Marienthal standing in front of a wall of signed photographs, Chicago, 1969
The eighty-two-minute film doesn’t probe deeply into the Marienthal brothers themselves; if there’s a shortcoming, it’s that the distinct personalities of the siblings don’t come into sharp focus. The two come off as a genial but focused and businesslike team, who interacted easily with performers but shied away from the spotlight themselves. Like many Jewish entrepreneurs who have forged showbiz careers, they started in other, humbler ventures before taking the plunge into a more glamorous  field. George, who had run officers’ clubs for the army during World War II, was the detail-oriented manager. Oscar, who had worked for their mother’s children’s clothing store in the Drake Hotel, was the talent scout and booker. “When my uncle died, my father had to wear more hats,” says David Marienthal.
The brothers began their nightlife empire supported by family loans and driven by native moxie and ambition. They had something else, too, an unmistakable honesty and integrity that served them well in a relationship-driven business, one that depended upon trust between club management  and talent.
Like the venues they created, the two siblings were always seen as a class act. “You have to dig awfully deep to find anything negative about the Marienthal brothers,” says Adam Carston, the doc’s associate producer and primary archival researcher. “To be decent and successful while working in a business known for its sleazy, cutthroat types—it’s impressive. Mister Kelly’s was beloved for a reason, run by people who walked the walk and talked the talk. And they became legends.”
An ebullient former graduate student at Loyola University, Carston is eager to talk about his work on the movie, which he has parlayed into a career as a film researcher for PBS’ “American Experience,” among other projects. “Since I was a kid, I’ve been weirdly interested in the pop culture of the past. Modesty aside, there aren’t too many twentysomethings who know as much as I do about this stuff.”
But Carston was no expert on the Marienthals going into the project. “I knew the world they operated in, but not so much about them specifically, until I started working on the film,” he says. “I had to cold-call people, including famous people. I was a little freaked out at the beginning, but everybody—celebrities, ex-waitresses, old patrons—would light up when I said ‘Mister Kelly’s.’ Everyone had great memories of the place, and a lot of people quickly said yes to being interviewed.” With comedy as his chief interest, Carston knew he had to sign on to the effort when he learned that a young George Carlin had graced Mister Kelly’s stage.
In addition to lining up interviews, Carston did a couple of years’ worth of detective work, stalking the internet for everything from menus to matchbooks. “There are certain artistic stories that can be preserved, like record albums,” says Carston. “But a nightclub is essentially ephemeral, and the challenge is how to document something that wasn’t regularly documented back then, at a time before everybody carried around cellphones with cameras.”
Finding images and footage wasn’t easy, until Carston discovered a motherlode of artifacts in the home of a former member of the waitstaff. “I was feeling sick that day, but I decided to make the trek to this woman’s house out in the suburbs,” he remembers. “When I walked in the door, I saw a room full of stuff from the London House and Mister Kelly’s, including all these display posters from outside the clubs, as well as promotional material. I felt better.” Clearly, something about the Marienthal touch, some residual sense of specialness, inspires a lot of people to retain both memories and souvenirs.
According to Carston, when the project got started, it was only “comedy folks and jazz nerds” who knew about Mister Kelly’s. “There was some information available, but it was scattered,” says Carston. “What I’m most proud of is that we brought it together, and people can find it on the internet. Our mission was to get the word out about this place, and to some extent we’ve done that.”
 Matchbook from Mister Kelly’s and London House, Chicago: Match Corp. of America, ca. September 1960
Mister Kelly’s opened in 1953 and survived two major fires over the next thirteen years. (The story is probably too good to be true, but Lainie Kazan is said to have been singing “Smoke Gets in Your Eyes” when the second blaze, which consumed the whole block, broke out in 1966.) It was named after an early, soon-departed manager, the brothers probably figuring that—in an America still very much home to college-entry quotas, exclusive country clubs and restrictive covenants—the “Mister Kelly’s” name plastered on the Gold Coast marquee would go over better than “Mister Marienthal’s.” The joint quickly became famous for the brilliance of its performers as well as its appetizing fare, which was more solid than adventurous in those pre-foodie days. But what really set Mister Kelly’s apart was its atmosphere, and the ardency of its fanbase. At the club’s peak, the line to get in would often stretch around the block.
 Yale Joel (1919–2006), Ella Fitzgerald at Mister Kelly’s, Chicago, 1958 (digital reproduction)
“It was businessmen, conventioneers, absolutely,” says Marienthal, and extant photos of the club, crowded with fungible crew-cut men in dark suits and narrow ties, bears that out. “But it was also beatniks and hipsters. It was affordable if you were willing to sit in the bleachers—I mean, the bar at the back. For the price of a drink, you could listen to Ella Fitzgerald or Sarah Vaughan.” While the Marienthal clubs were considered upscale in their time, the prices seem impossibly low by today’s standards, even in inflation-adjusted dollars. In 1965, one could get a multi-course dinner at the London House plus a reserved seat for the show at Happy Medium … all for $6.95.
“Rush Street was a party scene back then,” Carston says. “But Mister Kelly’s was more laid-back, almost but not quite beat. It was a high-end place, with some very revolutionary players. Almost everybody who defined comedy was there, and they felt welcome. [Mike] Nichols and [Elaine] May loved playing the club, to the point where they took out an ad thanking the Mister Kelly’s audience.”
Elliott Gorn, professor of history at Loyola and author of books running the gamut from Mother Jones to Emmett Till to John Dillinger, was an adviser on the documentary and contributes commentary. He describes Mister Kelly’s as a pop-culture laboratory: “This was one of not too many venues where entertainers could try out new material, run by people with an instinct for younger talent, for people on the way up. The audience was sophisticated enough to allow the performers to wing it a bit. The place had chemistry—and how do you describe something like that? The thing is, you could go there, even if you didn’t know the names, because the quality was consistently good. It wasn’t Bob Hope, it wasn’t ‘Take my wife, please.’ It was mixed-race comedy teams and Mort Sahl doing an anti-war routine. There were performers who would push the envelope a bit, and the folks who came knew it and liked it.”
It was Gorn who suggested to Marienthal that he contact the Newberry Library about housing the Mister Kelly’s archives. Under the direction of curator Alison Hinderliter, that archive, with its aroma of the demimonde, is about to make its debut at the otherwise straitlaced  institution that’s located only a block or two from where Mister Kelly’s once prospered.
 Mister Kelly’s bar tab for Lenny Bruce, Chicago, 1959
The main-floor exhibit is all about capturing the elusive ambience of Mister Kelly’s. It features a museum-like display of treasures from the club’s heyday, including posters, news clippings, art and photos, as well as music and video footage, complemented by current oral-history clips. Lenny Bruce’s signed bar tab (vodka and cordials) takes center stage. Cocktail tables give the setup a nightclub vibe, and visitors can take selfies with some of the era’s stars depicted on a photo wall, while past patrons of Mister Kelly’s are invited to write down and post their recollections on fifties-style decorative cocktail napkins. “We do everything short of pumping in cigarette smoke and beer smell,” says Hinderliter.
“I like the fact we’re paying homage to the neighborhood,” she says. “Part of my job as an archivist is connecting, and this really creates connections with people of a certain age. People have their own personal archive: ‘Yes, I saw Barbra Streisand there, I went on a prom date,’ that sort of thing. It’s a good time to be doing this now, while these people are still around.” She describes the Marienthal archives as “a compilation of Chicago in the 1960s.”
Hinderliter observes that the success of the Marienthal operation, including the elevation of Mister Kelly’s from one of many Rush Street nightspots to a legendary in-crowd destination, didn’t just happen: “The Marienthals were media-savvy,” she says. “The clubs would cross-promote their acts, and they became the place to be for the town’s gossip columnists”—including affable Sun-Times scribe and television personality Irv Kupcinet, a longtime Mister Kelly’s habitué. “The London House was located close to both the Sun-Times building on Wabash and the Tribune Tower,” adds Hinderliter. “Journalists would hang out there and be encouraged to check out the other venues. There was a critic at the old Daily News, a man named Sam Lesner, who reviewed almost every act at Mister Kelly’s.”
Inspired by the Marienthal donation, Lesner’s daughters recently gave the Newberry their late father’s archive, with a wealth of related material. It’s the kind of cascading flow of history and memory that Hinderliter hopes to facilitate.
 Postcard of Hotel Maryland at Night, 900 N. Rush Street , Chicago: Curt Teich Company, 1954
Is there a message to the exhibit? “One of the main takeaways here is that Rush Street in some ways was always inclusive—but at Mister Kelly’s, it was especially so,” says Hinderliter. “They always matched a Black act and a white act together.”
Examples of the Marienthals’ liberal disposition abound, extending to both their programming and staffing policies. “They managed three major clubs simultaneously by delegating, and they ended up with a staff consisting of very loyal and very talented people,” says David Marienthal. The brothers hired women and African Americans at all levels—including Arlyne Rothberg, who began as Oscar’s assistant and later served as the organization’s top talent booker when he died. “Rothberg was one of the many women who were integral to the success of the club, at a time when women rarely held key positions,” he adds.
While researching the clubs, Carston came across a onetime patron named Leon Blair, a Black CPD vice cop who was dating a white woman at the time, a doctor. “Mister Kelly’s became their regular hangout,” says Carston. In an era when interracial couples were apt to attract sideways glances and catty comments, Mister Kelly’s was cool. How cool? “I was going through back issues of Ebony and Jet magazines of the period, and there was a travel advisory listing, sort of their version of the Green Book,” Carston recalls. “The only two local clubs recommended for Black travelers were Mister Kelly’s and the London House. And mind you, these were Chicago publications.”
 Jeri Southern/Courtesy of Dominic “Mickey” Simonetta and Family
While Mister Kelly’s was the jewel in the Marienthal crown, the other two venues were also happening places. At the London House supper club, the original Marienthal space, jazz—and especially piano jazz—reigned supreme, with not only Oscar Peterson but also George Shearing holding court, along with Bill Evans, Ahmad Jamal, Herbie Hancock and Ramsey Lewis, among many others. In 1971, legendary trumpeter  Roy Eldridge declared: “I’ve played every big jazz club in the country except London House. It took me a while to get here, but now I can say I’ve played ’em all.”
The youngest, least-remembered and most idiosyncratic cabaret was the Happy Medium, Mister Kelly’s Rush Street neighbor. Built from scratch in 1960 and designed by architect Bertrand Goldberg (of Marina City towers fame), the two-level theater and listening room is described by David Marienthal as a “phenomenon.” The venue was executed in an industrial-tech style reminiscent of “The Jetsons,” emphasizing bare walls, clean lines, bright colors, diffuse light and sharp acoustics, with movable bench seating for maximum flexibility. “It was custom-built for the sort of pared-down theater we did—mostly scripted sketch comedy like SNL does, and musical revues,” says Marienthal.
Although the Happy Medium never became a juggernaut like Mister Kelly’s, it shared its cousin club’s nose for quality. Successful shows included the long-running “Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris” and “Joy ’66,” a “musical come-together” written by local performer-playwright-civil rights activist Oscar Brown, Jr. An early comic revue, “Medium Rare”—Kup loved it!—ran for over 500 performances. Jerry Stiller appeared at the Medium as part of the husband-and-wife comedy team of Stiller and Meara, as did future “Laugh-In” star Ruth Buzzi and a host of others. A typical offering of the mid-sixties was the musical comedy revue “Hip Happening,” a show hyped, rather unfortunately, as “switched on to the go-go beat.”
One of The Happy Medium’s more popular acts was a singer named Wayne Cochran, who was known as the “White Knight of Soul,” according to Carston: “He was kind of a white James Brown, and he would rock the house, sometimes breaking chairs on stage and dancing the audience out the door and on to Rush Street.” (Cochran sported a gleaming white, billboard-sized pompadour comparable to Brown’s conspicuous coif.)
Launched at the same time as Second City, which was located not far away in Old Town, and presenting a similar menu of cabaret theater, the Happy Medium sometimes overlapped with its comedic rival, according to David Marienthal. He notes that his father and uncle at one time managed the food service at Second City, and also that the shows developed in a similar direction, with more of an accent on political satire as the sixties went on. There was a talent connection as well, with comics like Robert Klein and Fred Willard emerging from Second City, then going on to do stand-up at Mister Kelly’s. The film and exhibit underscore the point that the Marienthal clubs are every bit as central to the history of Chicago comedy as Second City and its predecessor, the Compass.
 Art Shay (1922–2018),Photograph of Tom Williams posing as John F. Kennedy in front of marquee for the Happy Medium, Chicago, ca. 1962–63
The clubs’ final years–when popular taste had shifted decisively from Dizzy Gillespie to “Disco Inferno”–is a bittersweet postscript to the Marienthal era, and until now has been only spottily memorialized. Surviving brother George Marienthal sold the properties in 1969 to the Arts and Leisure Corporation, a company that, according to the Tribune, “also owned a string of art galleries and a greeting card printing concern.” It was a mismatch, and control of Mister Kelly’s, the London House and the short-lived, suburban-based London House North (but not the Happy Medium) soon passed to entrepreneur Paul Wimmer, who delegated supervisory duties at the clubs to his managing partner, Jerry Dambra.
Dambra’s daughter, Luciana Major—like George Marienthal’s son, David—is in the process of documenting her own family’s involvement in a fabled showbiz operation. Major’s father, who died in 2005, had a huge collection of Mister Kelly’s and London House memorabilia, including hundreds of signed celebrity eight-by-tens. All went up in smoke in 1997, when the suburban house she grew up in burned down. Now there are only the memories of her mother and other surviving family members, which Major—who was born just months before Mister Kelly’s closed its doors forever—is compiling into a book. Those memories include Barry Manilow hiring away the club pianist at Mister Kelly’s, and Della Reese joining the family for spaghetti and meatballs every time she appeared at the venue, which was often.
According to Major, everyone involved went to heroic lengths to keep the clubs going, with employees sometimes forgoing paychecks and lending money to the increasingly strapped management. “The staff was so invested,” says Major. “Everybody was so happy to be there. It was their home.”
But their efforts could only postpone the inevitable. Mystique alone couldn’t overcome the economic realities facing a couple of small clubs that offered name-brand talent less for a three-week run than what larger venues—including Las Vegas showrooms—would pay for a weekend appearance. Major’s extended family mourned when the curtain came down on  Mister Kelly’s and the London House, knowing it was the end of an era. Jerry Dambra, who would go on to manage other restaurants, was philosophical about his short-term brush with history, according to his daughter: “He would say, ‘I was a lucky man to shut down the two best clubs in the world.’”
In its promotional material, the Newberry Library stresses the exhibit’s celebrity appeal, trumpeting names associated with the Marienthal nightclubs, such as Mel Tormé, Billie Holliday, Nancy Wilson, Dick Gregory, Steve Martin and Joan Rivers. And it is indeed these talents, many of them appearing in the springtime of their career, that gave the Marienthal realm its glow.
But there’s more to the story than nostalgia and star power. The deeper message is about Chicago at a particular time, when one sliver of Rush Street was the heart of a golden age of live entertainment.
“It felt like the epicenter of culture,” says David Marienthal of that time in his youth when he was working at the family-owned clubs. “I really thought I had it made. When I was a kid, I wanted to take over the business.”
That wasn’t to be. But what the documentary and Newberry exhibit reveal is why Mister Kelly’s and the other clubs continue to reverberate in the collective memory. These spaces were the core of a dazzling cultural scene, bringing together so many things—forward-looking music and comedy; Black and white audience members; curious conventioneers and hip bohemians; journalists and celebs—in a progressive, dynamic and safe environment. It was also a place where Jewish impresarios treated Black and white entertainers alike with dignity and respect, creating not only good music but also good feeling and enduring connections.
These memories of an active live performance hub are particularly poignant now in our own post-pandemic moment, when it’s hard to imagine the sort of magical energy, the buzz of promise and expectation, that the Marienthals conjured up on a nightly basis for twenty years.
Of the Marienthals’ accomplishment, Carston says, “They built a showcase for some of the most important performers in comedy and music, and they embraced a lot of causes. They were ahead of the curve, in terms of entertainment and socially, too.”
“The fact that so many great albums were recorded at these clubs is amazing,” says Gorn. “It speaks well not just of the Marienthal brothers, but also the city. There was something about this town at that time that it could support a place that was a little different, a little skewed, like Mister Kelly’s.”
David Marienthal is closest to the story, of course, and he deserves the last word: “My dad and my uncle… They were businessmen, but with a very strong ethical sense. They always tried to be fair and to treat people right. It’s interesting that doing what they thought was best turned out so well.”
“A Night at Mister Kelly’s” runs March 21 through July 20 at the Newberry Library, 60 West Walton. It is free and open to all.
Copyright Newcity Communications, Inc. © 2025