The new musical movie is your guide for discussing cliques, bullying, and social media with them.
Jojo Whilden / Paramount
 For me, “fetch” has been happening since 2004 when the original Mean Girls not only made Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Lacey Chabert, and Amanda Seyfried stars but also introduced us to the Plastics, wearing pink on Wednesdays, the magic of October 3rd and the power of a 'Burn Book.'

 I was 26 when the movie came out—well past high school, not even thinking about being a “cool” or “regular” mom and yet, I was transfixed. I deeply felt for Cady (Lohan) being caught between two groups of friends, her inexplicable episodes of “word vomit” and transforming into someone she was uncomfortable with—all in the name of fitting in while taking down queen bee Regina George (McAdams).

 The OG Mean Girls movie transported me back to the hell of junior high, the uncertainty of high school, the roller coaster of college, and the imposter syndrome-riddled years of my early 20s. Proof that Mean Girls is special in how it transcends time and generations—yes, I was shocked I still had to navigate the insanity of cliques well into adulthood. 

 I’ve been bursting with excitement over the release of a brand new Mean Girls movie written by Tina Fey, an adaptation of the hit Broadway musical based on her book. You see, when I became a mom, obviously, I assumed I was a “cool mom,” not a “regular mom.”

 In the ultimate full circle moment, I could not wait to take my tween-age daughter Mila to see it (she is 9 and in third grade). We recently watched the original movie together because, news flash, there are Regina Georges-in-training in elementary school and I used the OG movie as a teaching moment.

 I never had the privilege of seeing Mean Girls on Broadway but telling the story with music and dancing adds a brilliant layer—especially for the younger generations. It’s not a new phenomenon that music is an important rite of passage, serving as a porthole into the layered feelings, deep emotions, and inner struggles of teens (and adults!).

 But at this moment, we’re living in the era of Taylor Swift where her lyrics speak to the hearts and souls of our tweens/teens, permitting them to be themselves, embrace heartache, and find their people.

 So, hearing Janis (played brilliantly by Auli'i Cravalho—which will impress your tweens when you tell them she voiced Moana) sing “I’d Rather Be Me” or Cady (played by Angourie Rice who seamlessly fills Lindsay Lohan’s big shoes) sing about being “smart with math, but stupid with love” really connected with Mila.

 She did love the original movie but it’s fast and witty—and so much went over her head. In the musical movie, however, those big song and dance numbers during pivotal moments provide a few extra beats (pun intended) for the messages to sink in. It helped Mila understand and appreciate what the characters were going through. 

 The new Mean Girls musical movie does have references to alcohol and sex, plus questionable language—however, I’m okay with answering any questions that Mila may have.  Except those are not the topics she wanted to discuss and it’s likely not what your tween will take away from the movie too.

 As old as I feel writing this sentence—way back in 2004, a mere 20 years ago, social media was just starting. But even without social media, that didn’t stop cliques, rumors, lies, and bullying from infiltrating my high school during the ‘90s. It didn’t stop The Plastics from ruling their school in the 2004 movie. It’s why the 'Burn Book' was that much more damaging because it confirmed what everyone suspected was being said about them behind their backs.

 Today, social media is a non-stop, addicting, shocking, digital 'Burn Book.' And yes, the Burn Book is still an essential part of the 2024 Mean Girls movie—but social media now plays a critical role too.

 While Mila doesn’t have her own social media, she’s very aware of TikTok trends and desperately wants to create her own YouTube channel. She has an iPad and recently started group texting and FaceTiming with a few friends—which has given her a taste of what’s to come when social media becomes a part of her life and dictates what’s cool and what’s not (and don’t worry my husband and I monitor it like crazy).

Jojo Whilden / Paramount
 Mila thought Janis and Damian were hilarious and loved that they were unabashedly themselves. She was confused why Cady wanted to be a Plastic when she had more in common with Janis and Damian. She was horrified at the mean things written in the Burn Book and loved how all the cliques blended together in the end.

 All of these reasons are why I strongly feel Mean Girls is mandatory viewing for tweens and teens—both the original and the new musical update.

 Remember how I said there are Regina George’s in training in elementary school?  Well, in the second grade, Mila announced she had an “arch enemy.” I figured it was something she heard on the playground or a YouTube video . . . until that “Regina George” wrote a note that said “I Hate You Mila” and told the teacher that Mila wrote it (as if to read-"I hate you, from Mila").

 Mila was upset, confused, and hurt—and so was I. She couldn't understand why a peer, someone she initially tried to be friends with, would be mean, manipulative, and try to throw her under the bus.

Jojo Whilden /Paramount
 Then came third grade and I was not prepared for cliques and kids being intentionally left out. Mila wasn’t invited to the birthday party of a girl in her class who she also hung out with at recess. The rest of the “recess group” was invited, but inexplicably, Mila was not.  Then the entire group started leaving her out at recess and lunch. Mila was devastated and not sure what she did wrong.

 I tried to tell her it was not her fault and shared my own stories of elementary school friendship drama. I struggled to find the right words, not wanting to say anything about these girls that I’d regret putting into her head. But I didn’t have to because I could reference Mean Girls.

 It worked—and Mila focused on sticking with other friends she felt more comfortable with. On our way home from the Mean Girls musical movie, we had a follow-up heart-to-heart about friends and finding your people that warmed my heart. It was a staunch reminder that our tweens today are growing up so fast and shedding their childlike innocence so much earlier thanks to things like social media. 

Jojo Whilden / Paramount
 There are plenty of sexual references and innuendos since at the core, this is a teen comedy. It ranges from clueless Coach Carr (played by Jon Hamm) teaching a questionable sexual ed class to rumors that Karen (played by Avantika) has slept with 11 people. There's plenty of kissing, "Mathlete" Kevin's raunchy rap, and references to private parts–but nothing your tween hasn't heard before whether at recess or watching network TV.

 Unfortunately, with a PG-13 rating and a high school setting, salty language is just part of the package. The language, however, is fast and will likely go over your tweens' heads but be prepared to hear words like "bitch" used both affectionately and in a derogatory way.

 The violence in this film is more like mayhem with kids getting rowdy at parties and especially in the hallway of North Shore High School once the 'Burn Book,' thanks to Regina George, wreaks havoc. But brace yourselves because just like in the original movie, Regina George gets her comeuppance when she is hit by a bus. Of course, you don't see her "die for 15 seconds" or watch her head "spin around" (as the rumors insist), but it's a moment that will make you gasp—and then it's over!

 A few years ago, actress Lizzy Caplan, the original Janis, was asked in an interview why the OG Mean Girls movie never stopped resonating. I’m paraphrasing but she basically said it’s because teens never stopped being mean.

 If you have a tween—particularly a daughter—the entire franchise is the best teacher you could ever ask for. It’s a wonderful conversation starter about friendship, cliques, self-discovery, and bullying.

 Go see the Mean Girls musical movie with your tween or teen. The opening number is called “A Cautionary Tale” which should tell you all you need to know!

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)