Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
It looks like Us Weekly’s source was right after all about Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce taking a vacation before the release of The Tortured Poets Department next month. The couple was photographed somewhere tropical in photos posted by unverified celebrity gossip Instagram DeuxMoi. They appeared walking hand-in-hand on a dock.
TMZ reported on fan theories about where Swift went based on public data around her private jet travels, but it’s worth noting that no location was given with the photos and Swift has not shared anything about being on vacation.
Us’ source did say last week that Swift and Kelce were exploring the idea of taking a trip: “Toward the end of the month they’re still talking about going on a private vacation where no one can find them before her new album drops.”
Swift has not been photographed since finishing her final Eras tour concert in Singapore. She was back in Los Angeles on Oscars Sunday and attended Madonna’s ultra private after-party with Kelce.
A guest at the party told People that Swift and Kelce were “on the patio and in great moods. He was protective of her and she was delightful and glowing—they seemed very happy together and loving the night.”
Another source told People that Swift and Kelce “are spending time in Los Angeles together [during her break]. They’re still very happy. They’re so cute together.”
Prior to the vacation sighting, Swift and Kelce were last seen having dinner at members-only Bird Streets Club on Saturday. “Taylor was very kind to everyone. They stayed for over two hours,” a source told Us yesterday, confirming their visit. No photos came out of it.
Swift is on break from tour until May 9, when she’ll begin her European leg in Paris. Kelce, of course, is in his NFL off-season after winning the Super Bowl with his team, the Kansas City Chiefs.
The couple, who has been dating for less than a year, remain very serious about their relationship. A source told Entertainment Tonight on March 10, that Swift “views Travis as a true partner and someone she can have a real future with.”
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
Zendaya & Tom Holland’s Romance Through the Years
Everything You Need to Know About Georgia Groome
All About Lili Reinhart's Boyfriend, Jack Martin
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Share Hot Kiss
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.