MGM Television

MGM+ subscribers are ahead of the curve on From, a sci-fi/horror series that follows people who have been trapped in a small town in Middle America that will literally not let them leave. There are even monsters that come out at night to hunt people for sport, and the human survivors have largely split into two factions: the Township and Colony House. But there’s one thing that almost everyone in the town wants, and that’s a way to escape once and for all.
From is headlined by Harold Perrineau, an actor who knows a thing or two about playing a single father who is cut off from the rest of the world after his stint on Lost. On this series, Perrineau plays Boyd Stevens, the father of Ellis Stevens (Corteon Moore), and the closest thing that the town has to both a sheriff and a mayor. Boyd also has plenty of inner demons to contend with in addition to the creatures lurking inside and outside of the town.
Die-hard fans of From have been hyping up the series ahead of its return for season 3. But for newcomers and veterans alike, we’ve put together this guide to everything you need to know about From season 3. And as soon as we know more, we’ll share it here as well.
MGM+ has released the description of From season 3 episode 7, Three Fragile Lives, which will premiere on November 3.
“The edges begin to fray as concerns about Fatima’s pregnancy deepen; Jade follows a clue trail into the forest; Julie and Randall seek a bit of normalcy.”
Episode 8 will be called Thresholds, and it debuts on November 10. The final episodes of the season will be a two-part story, Revelations: Chapter One and Revelations: Chapter Two, on November 17 and November 24, respectively.
MGM+ released the From season 3 official trailer during a panel at San Diego Comic-Con 2024. The mystery and creepiness will most certainly continue in the new season. ” In the wake of Season 2’s epic cliffhanger, escape will become a tantalizing and very real possibility as the true nature of the town comes into focus, and the townspeople go on offense against the myriad horrors surrounding them,” the trailer’s synopsis reads.
In April, MGM+ debuted a brief 30-second teaser that features Boyd being tortured, but not in terms of physical pain to himself. Instead, he’s forced to watch someone he cares about in obvious distress as he attempts to offer words of comfort. It’s a disturbing scene, and it may be the realization of the warning that Boyd received last season while confronting the entity. This may be the price that Boyd has to pay, even if the actual punishment is inflicted on someone else.
Yes. Harold Perrineau confirmed that the third season was filming at the end of December.
We started filming Season 3….So I think you’re good 👍🏾 #FROMily@FROMonMGM https://t.co/sKxkRP4cWa
&mdash; Harold Perrineau (@HaroldPerrineau) December 29, 2023
So far, Perrineau hasn’t shared an update about whether filming has been completed. But he has actively promoted the show on social media.
The official From account on the social media service formerly known as Twitter hasn’t had much new in 2024. The account did share this image of one of the protective talismans back in February in response to, of all things, the announcement of a new Taylor Swift album.
👀 https://t.co/Onulvh0HoB pic.twitter.com/oBjXhrLdHN
&mdash; FROM on MGM+ (@FROMonMGM) February 5, 2024
This show makes it difficult to predict what will happen next, but the season 2 finale did end on a pretty big cliffhanger. Tabitha is back in the outside world, and that opens up a lot of possibilities. Will she try to warn people about the town? Does she feel obligated to rescue the people that she left behind? And more importantly, can she find the town again without getting trapped herself? Having Tabitha outside of the town also offers the show a chance to reveal whether the disappearance of the various characters who are trapped in the town has been noticed or investigated by the people they knew and loved.
Meanwhile, back in the town, Boyd was warned that fighting the entity would just prolong everyone’s suffering, but he did it anyway. Presumably, there will be consequences for disregarding that warning.
Perrineau leads From season 3’s large ensemble cast. Featured performers include:
The biggest season 3 additions include Robert Joy as Henry, a curmudgeon to whom the years have not been kind, and Samantha Brown as Acosta, a new-to-the-force police officer who is in over her head.
Since its premiere in 2018, Yellowstone has been a breakout hit for the Paramount Network and one of the most popular shows on TV. Taylor Sheridan's modern Western also revitalized Kevin Costner's career by placing him in the lead as John Dutton, the patriarch of the Dutton family, who own the Yellowstone Dutton Ranch, one of the largest ranches in Montana.
The fifth season of Yellowstone premiered in 2022, but the future of the series and the franchise were called into question when reports emerged that Costner was leaving the show and Paramount Network had already ordered a sequel series that will continue without Costner's involvement. To bring everyone up to speed, here's everything you need to know about the future of Yellowstone.
Will there be a sixth season of Yellowstone?
With under two months left in 2024, Netflix is finally releasing some of its best shows over the next few weeks. Arcane, a fantasy show set in the League of Legends universe, returns for its second and final season this month. Cobra Kai, one of Netflix's most popular TV shows, is back with season 6, part 2, with the Miyagi-do students gearing up for the Sekai Taikai.
While Arcane and Cobra Kai will dominate the headlines, Netflix offers plenty more television shows in comedy, drama, action, thriller, and more. Wasting precious time finding a TV show is arguably the most frustrating part of streaming. To help get you started on your streaming journey, here are three underrated shows to watch on Netflix this month. Our picks include a USA Network procedural, a compelling thriller, and a wrestling drama.
Netflix is great, but you as you peruse it and all the other American streaming options out there, you might find that there's still something missing from your streaming diet. If you feel that way, you might consider checking out the many shows available on BritBox. The streaming service imports all of the best of what British TV has to offer.
If you're looking through BritBox and wondering what to watch this month, we've got you covered. We've pulled together three of the best shows available on BritBox that you can check out in the month of November.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.