Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift have been spotted on a romantic holiday to the Bahamas as a friend said the couple are having a good time together and are "very happy".
The pair have been enjoying some downtime since the pop star finished the latest leg of her Eras Tour in Singapore and spent time at Taylor's home in Los Angeles. However, they have now headed to the Caribbean with fans saying they believe they flew from LA to North Eleuthera on Sunday.
Photos shared by the popular Instagram account DeuxMoi seem to show the couple on holiday. The images show Taylor and Travis strolling along a dock hand-in-hand but the exact location is unknown.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce 'couldn't be happier' as they enjoy downtime together
It would not be the first time Taylor visits the Bahamas with a boyfriend as she previously visited Eleuthera with her ex Joe Alwyn in June 2022. At the time, they were seen sharing a passionate kiss during a swim - but the following year, they announced they would break up due to "differences" in their personalities.
Meanwhile, a source close to Taylor and Travis said they are very happy together. And celebrity psychic Inbaal Honnigman told us the pair are "loving their relationship" now that both can enjoy some downtime. She added: "Taylor likes having time off."
Then, for Travis who "rests fully during his time off", Inbaal pulled the VIII Adjustment card that shows stillness and balance. "The athlete's time off is perfectly restful, and he'll engage in calming activities like long walks, gym trips and 7-course dinners," she noted.
Pulling the 9 of Cups card for Taylor, Inbaal told us this is a card that talks about happiness, filling your cup full of joy. "The singer's days 'off' are full of plans, friends, meetings, and even future song inspirations," she said."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
Inbaal then said: "Together, they couldn't be happier," adding how she pulled the Universe Tarot card, also known as The World, which is the highest card in the Tarot, and signifies luck and unbridled joy. "They both waited for this moment," she concluded.
It comes after a source recently told US Weekly: "They can finally rest and intend on spending quality time together and with friends and family." The insider added that Taylor likes hosting "small, intimate gatherings" with her closest friends at home.
Taylor's new album is set for release in just one month, on April 19. The album, which fans are convinced will tell all about her breakup with actor Joe Alwyn, who she dated for six years before their shock split in early 2023, consists of sixteen songs. Featuring collaborations with American rapper and singer, Post Malone, and English indie rock band, Florence and the Machine, the physical edition will also include a bonus, 17th track.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.