Taylor Swift is bringing her The Eras Tour to Europe this year 2024 - and fans will no doubt be planning what to wear. The singer will be be taking to the stage in the UK and Ireland in June, with stops in Liverpool, London, Edinburgh, Cardiff, Dublin and London.
The UK and Europe leg of Taylor Swift The Eras Tour will kick off May 9 in Paris and wrap up on August 17, 2024 in London. With not too much longer to go, Swifties will be planning, shopping, buying and trying out their outfits until they're perfect.
The singer's concert movie, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version), dropped on Disney+ last week, featuring five new songs, including Cardigan. Swift’s recently announced new album, The Tortured Poets Department, is also set to drop on before the UK shows begin, on April 19.
A number of online retailer's including Boohoo, NastyGal and ASOS have launched a dedicated page for Eras Tour outfits, and we've taken a look through to find the best dresses, skirts, tops, shoes and more to make up the ideal outfit for each individual era. Here's what we found: 
Corset Lace Mini Dress from Boohoo - £28, down from £35
Perfect for those Swifies who were among the first to hear the star belt out 'Our Song' and 'Tim McGraw' back in 2006, this dress gives those sweet, country vibes that are ideal for anyone wanting to represent Taylor Swift's debut album.
The product description reads: "We’re taking inspo from times past and adding this coveted corset dress to our wardrobe this season. Designed with a fitted bodice that cinches in the waist for a super flattering fit, corset dresses create the perfect hourglass silhouette…winner. 
"For a modern twist, mix laid-back casual with structure in a corset shirt dress and trainers at the weekend or enter a new era with a super slimming dress featuring ruched sleeves and a pair of strappy sandals for a statement look."
Buy the dress here.
Casual Knee High Western Cowboy Boots from Boohoo - £38.40, down from £48
Keeping those country vibes going, Boohoo's cowboy boots would pair perfectly with the white mini dress. In fact, the look is quite similar to the star's outfit in the music video for 'Tim McGraw'.
The product description said: "Giddy up with these cowboy boots! Honestly, we love the fact that cowboy boots are back in fashion. And we particularly love these cowboy boots, which really add that extra wow-factor to any outfit. Whether you’re wearing these Western boots with jeans and a band t-shirt (gotta love that relaxed retro look) or with a floaty summer dress, we guarantee these boots will provide a fun-yet-fashionable vibe. Get them before they gallop away!"
Buy the boots here.
Solid Mesh V-Neck Short Dress from Cider - £28
The perfect purple dress for the perfect purple album. This dress screams 'Speak Now', giving a similar look to the outfit worn on the album's cover. 
The dress is lined, with a V-neckline, mesh material and a short hemline. One reviewer said: "Super cute. Got it for my TS concert. Soft material, a bit shorter than I thought but overall decent quality and will be great for my concert."
A second added: "This is a lovely dress to wear to a party, it I wore it to the eras tour and it was perfect. It shines so pretty and the colour is the same." However, some shoppers claimed the dress comes up small, so it could be worth sizing up. One person wrote: "Really pretty dress, came up small!"
Buy the dress here.
Stitch Detail Metallic Western Cowboy Boots from Boohoo - £31, down from £50
Wanting to add some glam to your Speak Now look? The metallic western boots from Boohoo give that bright splash of colour to your outfit, all while keeping it country. The boots are made with synthetic leather and are available in sizes four to seven.
Buy the boots here.
Sequins Tassel Crop Cami Top (£11) and Sequins Tassel Mid Waist Mini Skirt (£15.90) from Cider
If there's anything we know about Fearless, it's that it's all gold, all the time. From album covers to Eras Tour outfits worn by Taylor herself, we know Fearless means three things: gold, glad and lots of fringe. This cami top and mini skirt bring all three to the table, without breaking the bank. 
Shop the skirt here and the top here.
Nali barely there heeled sandals in gold from ASOS - £22
For anyone brave enough to wear heels to the tour, ASOS has a stunning pair in - you guessed it - gold, that would work great with the skirt and cami. The shoes feature an adjustable strap, pin-buckle fastening, an open toe and high point heel.
Buy the shoes here.
A Lot Going On at The Moment T-Shirt from Amazon - £24.42
Just like Taylor's outfit as she begins the Red era during her tour, this t-shirt throws it back to her iconic music video for hit '22'. The original t-shirt said: "Not a lot going on at the moment", but Swift changed it up for the tour, making it: "A lot going on at the moment.'"
Buy the t-shirt here.
Faux Leather Tailored Shorts from Boohoo - £14.40, down from £18
Once again aiming to look just like the '22' video, these shorts are ideal for anyone attending the tour in full-on Red vibes. The full description reads: "Feeling peachy? Bring the heat this season and show off those pins in a pair of hot pants from boohoo. Figure-hugging, leg-lengthening, and perfect for summer, what’s not to love about a pair of very short shorts? 
"From denim hot pants to black hot pants, we’ve got a style to suit every vibe, and this pair is coming in hot, girl. Whether you’re heading to the park or out on a mate date, simply style with a cute crop top and chunky trainers and you’re ready to go."
Buy the shorts here. 
Fringe jacquard mini skirt (£22.50, down from £55) and fringe jacquard cami crop top ice blue (£35) from ASOS
Is there any other colour you could wear to represent the 1989 era? It's blue, always blue. In fact, this outfit looks very similar to one worn by Taylor during the 1989 set earlier in the Eras Tour. 
Buy the skirt here and the cami here.
Elyffany Womens Mid Block Heel Glitter Ankle Boots from Amazon - £35.77
Wanting to add even more blue to the 1989 equation? These Amazon boots look almost identical to the ones worn by Taylor during the 1989 set on the Eras Tour - depending on with sparkly, fringe outfit she's wearing that night, the colour changes, but the glam does not.
Buy the boots here.
SEBOWEL Women Sexy Sheer Mesh Bodysuit from Amazon - £26.99
Nothing says Reputation more than a shimmering bodysuit - Taylor even wears one during the tour - and this one has more than 2,000 five star reviews. One person said: "Stretchy and true to size. Very sparkly and comfy to wear. Was great for a music festival."
A second wrote: "This bodysuit is amazing! It's a thong bodysuit. Very sexy and comfortable at the same time." However, a one star review added: "Fitted nicely and looked great wore one evening and within minutes I got 2 discrete tears and by the end of the evening 2 more. Thankfully nowhere embarrassing. Such a shame."
Buy the bodysuit here.
Animal print effect mini skirt from Mango - £32.99
This black skirt from Mango pairs well with the bodysuit, featuring crocodile print and a leather-look finish. Add in some tights and boots and your Reputation era outfit is ready for it. 
Buy the skirt here.
Sequin Colour Block Plunge Wide Leg Jumpsuit from NastyGal - £53.40, down from £89
Sequins, bright colours and comfort? What more could you ask for? This jumpsuit is ideal for any Lover lovers, with its bright colours looking very similar to the album's cover. Taylor has become known for her Lover bodysuits during the Eras Tour, with dazzling colours, sequins and gems bringing the album to life.
Buy the jumpsuit here.
Sequin Chain Mini Dress from Cider - £30
There are lots of different vibes you can go for with Folklore, but one of the most popular will be 'Mirrorball'. This sequin dress from Cider gives the perfect mirrorball illusion, with bright silver and chain straps.
One reviewer said: "Absolutely incredible. I loved it and got so many compliments on it. It was great quality and the chain strap detail was a really nice extra. Will be wearing this again!" However, another added: "Unreal dress but very short."
Shop the dress here.
Public Desire Azure heeled sandals in iridescent silver from ASOS - £30
Keeping line with all things silver, shiny and mirrorball, these Public Desire shoes bring that extra bit of iridescent glow that screams Eras Tour. 
Shop the shoes here.
Solid Lace V-Neck Bell Sleeve Playsuit from Cider - £31
Evermore is all about cottage-core, so getting into those warm, autumnal tones is a must. This playsuit is ideal for anyone wanting to make a cottage-core statement. 
One reviewer said: "Gorgeous I just love the flared sleeves and the fact that it’s a jumpsuit dress!" and a second wrote: "The prettiest playsuit ever! so flattering and can be styled casually or dressed up." However, some shoppers pointed out that the playsuit is very low cut and that the zip is quite stiff.
Buy the playsuit here.
Tab Detail Ankle Western Cowboy Boots from Boohoo - £24, down from £40
Woodsy-vibes meets country with these ankle cowboy boots, giving Swifties the chance to be comfortable while at the tour.
Shop the boots here.
Sequin Batwing Shift Dress from Boohoo - £35, down from £40
This shift dress is giving 100% Eras Tour vibes, and even looks similar to what Taylor wears during her Midnights set of the show. 
Shop the dress here.
PengGengA Faux Fur Jacket from Amazon - £21.79
During the Midnights set, Taylor also wears a lilac - or lavender, if you will - faux fur coat. This jacket from Amazon gives the same sort of look when paired with the shift dress.
Shop the jacket here.