Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
One Taylor Swift fan has come up with an idea of how the singer-songwriter will incorporate her new music into the Eras World Tour.
Swift is on a break from her tour after performing a series of record-breaking shows in Australia and Singapore, but is still busy working on her upcoming album.
She will be releasing her 11th solo studio LP, The Tortured Poets Department, on April 19.
The Eras tour will then resume on May 9 in France—and fans are hoping to hear some of the songs from the new album during the concert.
One fan even went so far as to predict where in the three-hour epic show Swift might introduce the latest tracks.
"I have a theory for the "where will Taylor fit TTPD into the setlist" question.. It makes a lot of sense immediately after Bad Blood and prior to acoustics.. Taylor is well planned and TS11 Taylor is there.." the Swift fan, @bostonswiftie wrote on X, formerly Twitter.
"There's definitely a lot of logistics involved and a few changes but.. the visuals align well for a transition right after Bad Blood.There's definitely a lot of logistics involved and a few changes but.. the visuals align well for a transition right after Bad Blood.
I have a theory for the “where will Taylor fit TTPD into the setlist” question..It makes a lot of sense immediately after Bad Blood and prior to acoustics.. Taylor is well planned and TS11 Taylor is there.. pic.twitter.com/6Dw9XjH8GS
Swift's Eras tour is comprised of 44 songs in 10 acts, each of which represents a different stage of her career.
Other fans shared their thoughts on @bostonswiftie's hypothesis, with opinions divided.
"Seriously. Stop. Taylor wont change her setlist for TTPD. At most, she'll prolly sing it at her acoustic set but she wont change her set list to add as it will require new rehearsals and changes which I dont think she'll have the time to do. Be realistic," replied one person, @_ZeeP.
Another, @KLKemp78, added: "Those of you saying no to this idea and that she will keep it simple may be selling her short. She has known for months if not from the start of the tour that this album was coming out. It's the perfect opportunity for her to market it, and she's not afraid of a challenge."
And @vortexglitter, commented: "That's what I've been saying. And keeping it simple, just a couple ttpd songs with just her and the band."
Newsweek contacted Swift's representatives by email for comment.
Swift extended her run of the Eras tour from 52 to 146 shows across five continents after it first started in March 2023. It will wrap up in December.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC