Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are not buying a vacation home in the Bahamas.
On Monday, celebrity gossip Instagram account DeuxMoi denied speculation from one follower that Swift and Kelce "went back to the Bahamas to actually buy the house they were checking last year."
"Totally forgot about that!! But no...don't think so," DeuxMoi responded in an Instagram Story.
Speculation that the couple is currently in the Caribbean began after a group tracking Swift's private jet claimed it flew from Los Angeles to the island of Eleuthera in the Bahamas Sunday, according to TMZ.
This was fueled by photos shared Monday by DeuxMoi purportedly showing Swift and Kelce on a dock in the Bahamas. The snaps appeared to have been taken from afar and did not clearly show the faces of the individuals captured in the pictures.
In the caption, DeuxMoi did not say where the images were taken and instead simply wrote: "Taylor [and] Travis on vacation."
TMZ suggested that the photos may have been taken on a dock at the Valentines Resort & Marina on Harbour Island, which is not far from Eleuthera.
In October last year, DeuxMoi, along with outlets like The Mirror, reported that Swift and Kelce allegedly spent some time in the Bahamas, where they reportedly looked at exes Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen's house at Baker's Bay Golf & Ocean Club.
However, no photos of Swift and Kelce in the Bahamas surfaced online at the time.
If Swift and Kelce are indeed in Eleuthera, it would not be the first time the pop superstar has vacationed with a boyfriend there.
In June 2022, she was photographed packing on the PDA with her then-boyfriend, Joe Alwyn, while enjoying a getaway on the island together.
Photos published by Page Six showed the former couple kissing and embracing in the ocean.
Swift and Alwyn were believed to have stayed in Lenny Kravitz's Airstream trailer at the time, according to the outlet.
Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn kiss on tropical getaway in rare PDA photos https://t.co/X8MkJlAFrW pic.twitter.com/OdF2FNljG9
Swift moved on with Kelce months after news broke in April 2023 that she parted ways with Alwyn.
She went public with her relationship with Kelce in September 2023 when she appeared at a Kansas City Chiefs game at Missouri's Arrowhead Stadium.
The "Cruel Summer" hitmaker and her NFL star beau are currently enjoying some downtime after Swift wrapped up the Singapore leg of her "Eras Tour" earlier this month.
Kelce, for his part, entered his offseason after the Kansas City Chiefs won the 2024 Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Feb. 11.
The Chiefs tight end flew to Australia and Singapore in late February and early March to support his girlfriend as she performed concerts there.
On Saturday, Swift and Kelce were spotted enjoying a date night at Los Angeles hotspot the Bird Streets Club.
Following the outing, an unnamed insider told People of the couple, "They are spending time in Los Angeles together. They're still very happy."
"They're so cute together," the source added.