Eiza González has been linked to A-listers like Liam Hemsworth, Timothée Chalamet and Jason Momoa
Jacqueline Weiss is a contributing writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since 2022. Her work has previously appeared in Food & Wine, Insider and Apartment Therapy.
Karwai Tang/Getty
 Eiza González has had her share of high-profile relationships.

 Her previous partners include Josh Duhamel and Jason Momoa, plus she was briefly linked to celebrities, including Liam Hemsworth and Timothée Chalamet. In February 2023, the I Care a Lot star was photographed with NBA player Ben Simmons, and a source confirmed to PEOPLE they had been seeing each other "for a few weeks."

 Though she’s dated a few known Hollywood stars, González doesn't often open up about her relationships.

 "I once heard Kevin Spacey [her Baby Driver costar] say something that really resonated with me. He said, 'If people know too much about me, then when they see the characters I play, they'll only see Kevin. I want them to see the characters I'm bringing to life,' " she told Variety Latino in 2016 after being spotted with Calvin Harris.

 When the Mexican actress was linked to Momoa in 2022, a source told PEOPLE that she is "very fun, down-for-anything type person and is pretty adventurous for the most part," adding that “she's more of a long-term-relationship person versus casual dater.”

 In March 2024, the 3 Body Problem star echoed the same sentiment in an interview with InStyle.

 “I am telling you: When I'm in love, I fall in love so deep and it takes me so much to get over,” she said. “And the older I get, it's harder for me because I don't play around. I go in and I give it all. I am not going to half-a-- anything.”

 González also opened up about being ready for a serious relationship and the prospect of starting a family, but shared that dating was increasingly difficult because of her busy schedule. “I’ve sort of given up,” she said. “I’m not looking anymore.” 

 Here’s a look back at Eiza González’s complete dating history.

Victor Chavez/WireImage
 González was linked to businessman Pepe Diaz from 2011 to 2013.

 She confirmed on X ( formerly known as Twitter) in August 2013 that the relationship had come to an end, writing that she had been single for “more than a month.”

D Dipasupil/FilmMagic ; Alexander Tamargo/Getty 
 Following months of rumors that Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus parted ways, the former couple announced that their engagement was off in September 2013. A day after the news, The Hunger Games star was pictured kissing González in Los Angeles.

 The two met in Las Vegas, where Hemsworth had attended the Floyd Mayweather vs. Canelo Alvarez and spent time with González at a few clubs in the area. An onlooker said they looked “coupley."

 Things were short-lived between González and Hemsworth as they were not seen together again. Years later, in May 2017, González addressed the brief romance.

 When asked about her time with Hemsworth, she told Latina magazine (per E! Online), “I would never talk about that. I focus on my work, that’s what really matters."

Albert L. Ortega/Getty
 The Mexican actress was in a relationship with D.J. Cotrona, her costar in From Dusk till Dawn: The Series, which ran from 2014 until 2016.

 During this time, she made her feelings known for Cotrona in a since-deleted Instagram post.

 "This guy has been with me in the best and worst, and has helped me go through everything with a huge smile on my face," she wrote in 2014. "Thank God for bringing you into my life! I couldn't be more lucky to have such a beautiful inside out person as my life partner! I love you my love!"

 On X (formerly Twitter), González also posted a selfie of her and the fellow actor enjoying Labor Day together that same year.

Todd Williamson/Getty ; Anthony Harvey/Getty
 Coming off of his relationship with Taylor Swift, Harris was spotted in September 2016 with González.

 "They have been talking and hanging out," a source told PEOPLE at the time, calling their romance "new."

 The following month, though, the musician and actress appeared to no longer be seeing each other.

Allen Berezovsky/Getty ; John Shearer/Getty
 Duhamel was linked to González following his split from Fergie. The actors' made their public debut during a sushi date in June 2018, but a source close to González told PEOPLE the pair had already been together for a few months and were choosing to keep things out of the spotlight.

 “They’ve been quietly dating for months,” the insider said. “He’s really attracted to her and things are going pretty well.”

 A second source added, “Their relationship started out slowly, but lately, they are spending more time together. They seem very happy.”

 The couple enjoyed a vacation together in Mexico in July. However, things didn’t last much longer between them. Later that same month, Duhamel and González went their separate ways. ​​

 “Their work schedules were tough on the relationship,” a source told PEOPLE at the time of the split.

Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty
 The She's Missing actress stepped out for a Ralph Lauren show at New York Fashion Week with Australian actor Luke Bracey in early September 2019.

 The duo made several other appearances together throughout the fall, including the Australians in Film Awards Gala & Benefit Dinner in October. That said, they were not seen together again after a trip to Tulum, Mexico, in December.

Frazer Harrison/Getty ; Frazer Harrison/Getty
 González was spotted enjoying a getaway with Chalamet in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, in June 2020. A source told PEOPLE at the time that the actors flew there via private jet with friends and stayed at Chileno Bay for five days.

 "They enjoyed the luxury resort and seemed to have the best time," the insider said. "They recently started hanging out and they looked happy together."

 The source added, "They hung out in the sun, eat [sic] amazing food and relaxed. It was a fun getaway."

 A different insider revealed to PEOPLE that this vacation came after González split from Bracey and was "talking on and off" with Chalamet. By October 2020, it was reported that they had already gone their separate ways.

Gotham/GC Images
 González started dating professional lacrosse player Paul Rabil in May 2021 after attending a birthday party. During their relationship, the actress was seen supporting him at his games before he announced his retirement from the sport in September 2021.

 “Words aren’t enough to express how proud I am of you,” she commented on an Instagram post Rabil shared from his retirement ceremony. “You’re a class act a loving person and selfless giver to everyone around you. Cheers to the future.”

 Later that same year, in December, reports circulated that the pair called it quits and were on good terms.

Jon Kopaloff/Getty ; Jorg Carstensen/picture alliance/Getty
 After Momoa announced his separation from Lisa Bonet in January 2022, the actor and González began seeing each other.

 Though they kept their romance quiet at first, a source confirmed to PEOPLE in May that they had been seeing each other since February. "They are dating. He cares about her. He's in a great place, working on Fast X," the insider told PEOPLE. "He's quite busy and he's in a good place."

 A source close to both the Aquaman star and González added: "They're both busy with work but are having fun together. It's nothing serious yet."

 While their relationship was not yet publicly known, Momoa stepped out to support González at the premiere of her film Ambulance in April. Still, soon after news of their romance broke in May, the couple went their separate ways.

 Just a few weeks later, they were spotted out in London together. Around the same time, the pair were seen again enjoying a ride on Momoa's motorcycle in Malibu, California.

 The outing didn't spark a continued romance between them, though. "They both have very busy careers ... They hang out when they are in the same city," an insider shared with PEOPLE. "They enjoy it. It's not serious, or a relationship. Eiza is not looking for that right now."

Jonathan Bachman/Getty ; Karwai Tang/WireImage
 González began 2023 in a new relationship with Simmons. A source confirmed to PEOPLE in early February that the actress and NBA player had been dating "for a few weeks."

 They were spotted out to dinner at Manhattan sushi spot BONDST, where González wore a fitted black maxi dress with a gray coat and sock boots. The basketball star, who once dated Kendall Jenner, wore all black, including wide-leg pants and a denim jacket on top of an oversized hoodie.

 Since then, it appears their romance has fizzled without further outings.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)