Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
The evolving tale of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's relationship has continued to blossom, with Travis hinting about his future aspirations on his podcast "New Heights," alongside his brother Jason Kelce. In the latest episode released on Wednesday, March 20, Travis sparked a frenzy among fans by mentioning his excitement about potential future kids.
It all started with a conversation about NBA star Victor Wembanyama's unique and stellar 7'4 build. "You can't tell me that dude wasn't made in a f****** lab over there in France. ... Lab-grown diamonds, that's [a] lab-grown f****** NBA player," Travis said.
The conversation took a surprising turn when Travis said under his breath, "Can't wait til I f****** make one," potentially implying his excitement to have children, with a smile on his face.
Jason knows how invested fans are in Travis and Taylor's relationship, so, immediately after the comment was made, he warned his younger brother to not continue on this path. "Don't do this. Do not give any of these other conspiracy theorists anything else to latch onto, please."
Taylor is definitely on Travis' top of mind, as they were recently spotted on vacation together in the Bahamas, with pictures to prove it obtained by DeuxMoi. This wasn't unexpected, considering that both Taylor and Travis are currently enjoying extended breaks from their typically hectic schedules. The NFL star is currently in the off-season following his Super Bowl triumph, while the pop star's next Eras Tour performance isn't scheduled until May.
This isn't the first time fans have been stirred by comments made on "New Heights." The podcast initially unveiled Travis' liking towards Taylor back in July 2023, following Travis's attendance at the Era's Tour at Arrowhead Stadium.
"Well, I was disappointed that she doesn't talk before or after her shows because she has to save her voice for the 44 songs that she sings," Travis said. "So I was a little butthurt I didn't get to hand her one of the bracelets I made for her." He continued: "I received a bunch of them being there, but I wanted to give Taylor Swift one with my number on it."
Correction 3/22/2024, 8:40 a.m. ET: This article was updated to properly reflect Travis Kelce's podcast quotes.
Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC