Fans looking to see Stevie Nicks at her huge Co-op Live gig later this year have slammed the ‘too expensive’ prices for tickets during the event’s presale.
Announced earlier this week, the Fleetwood Mac singer will perform at Manchester’s newest music venue on July 9 as part of her first series of shows in the UK and Ireland for seven years. The gig will coincide with shows in Dublin on July 3 and Glasgow on July 6 as well as a headliner slot at BST Hyde Park on July 12
Tickets for the Manchester show are set to go on general sale from 12pm on Friday (March 22) but Co-op members and select fans have been able to sign up for presale tickets since Wednesday.
READ MORE: Stevie Nicks 2024 UK tour dates and how to get tickets
The pre-sale opportunity has seen some fans criticise the pricing of seats for the show - with tickets for far back areas of the arena, like sections 316 and 317, going for £132.50 each. Tickets a little closer to the stage, in sections including 104 and 112, are priced at £233.50 each.
It’s meant that some fans have said they feel priced out of going to the show. One posted on social media: “wanted to go see stevie nicks but it's too expensive :(“. Another wrote: “Well this was short lived. It would seem I need to be Stevie Nicks to afford Stevie Nicks tickets.”
Another asked: “why does stevie nicks want me to sell my kidney for her concert”. One other person said: “Love you to bits @StevieNicks but your prices are ridiculous!”. Another said: “Why are @stevienicks concerts so expensive! Loved Stevie since 1977 but this makes me sad !! People paying £140 + for rubbish seats - really?”
Members of tribute band Fleetwood Mad also decided to get into the fun of the online reaction by jokingly suggesting they could perform at a Co-op store for a fraction of the cost. Drummer 'Rocksteddie Ed’ posted: “Come and see Fleetwood Mad instead....we will play the Co-Op for far less!”
During the pre-sale this week, there were still some fans who were keen to pay no matter the cost to see their idol Stevie for the first time in years. One wrote: “Ticketmaster kept kicking me out of the queue (on both devices) but managed to get a ticket for Stevie Nicks. Insane prices - as well as 5 years of my life - but worth it.”
Sharing a screenshot of tickets booked for Co-Op Live, another said: “Beyond excited! Been waiting for this for years @StevieNicks.” Another wrote: “Stevie Nicks, you'd better be good after the amount I've just spent on you!!!”
But it’s not just tickets for Stevie Nicks that has opened up a wider discussion amongst fans about the rising cost of attending large-scale concerts. The likes of Eric Clapton and The Eagles have charged up to £300 for tickets to recent shows, whilst Taylor Swift’s shows in Liverpool later this year saw VIP experiences cost as much as £662.40 each.
Other fans posed the question about whether venues hosting large-scale music events should pay a levy towards grassroots venues to help support the rest of the industry to be able to help upcoming musicians perform live. Alongside a screenshot of ticket prices for the Stevie Nicks show, Manchester-based music blogger Even The Stars UK queried: "But a £1 levy to support grassroots venues would make tickets unaffordable, @TheCoopLive??"
A petition calling for grassroots music support was discussed in Parliament in January, where Julia Lopez, the Minister for Media, Tourism and Creative Industries, said 'grassroots live music venues are the talent pipeline of our music industry'. The MP added: "We are supporting them with funds and rate relief. We have no plans for a Government-mandated ticket levy, but we encourage industry discussion."
Tickets for Stevie Nicks at Co-Op Live on July 9 will go on sale at 12pm on Friday (March 21) via Ticketmaster.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.