Wait...did he really just say that?!
Goooood morning! If you need something to spiral over that has nothing to do with Kate Middleton and her whereabouts, please turn your attention to Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift. The celebs are currently vacationing during their mutual time off, but Travis somehow managed to find the time to record his podcast New Heights with his brother Jason Kelce. And not only did the footballer spontaneously break out into a rendition of “Bad Blood”...
...But he also fueled engagement/baby speculation by semi-whispering something while taking a sip of his drink. Here’s exactly what went down for the sake of ALL context being provided:
While Travis and Jason were speaking about NBA player Victor Wembanyama's skills, Travis said, “You can’t tell me that dude wasn’t made in a fucking lab over there in France. Lab-grown diamonds, that’s a lab-grown fucking NBA player.”
He then took a sip of his drink, and—slightly under his breath—said, “Can’t wait til I fuckin’ make one,” at which point Jason cut him off and said, “Don’t do this. Do not give any of these other conspiracy theorists anything else to latch onto, please.”
Watch the entire moment go down on camera below at minute 15:21-ish.
A reminder that back in February, Travis addressed the speculation that he and Taylor were planning on getting engaged thanks to a reporter asking him about it during a pre-Super Bowl press conference.
The question in, uh, question? “Is there going to be another ring besides the Super Bowl ring if you win this thing on Sunday?” Travis’s response? “I’m focused on getting this ring, and that’s all that my mind’s focused on right now.”
Does the Tom Hiddleston era really count at this point??? Help.
Alexa, play “...Ready for It?”
Correction: screaming!
Ice Spice & Sauce Gardner’s Relationship Timeline
Florence Pugh Hates Being Compared to Models
Laura Harrier and Sam Jarou Break Up After 4 Years
Shailene Woodley and Lucas Bravo's Ship Timeline
How Charles Feels About Kate and Wills' Snub
Can Wills Actually Take M&H's Titles Away?
Travis's Barber Responds Hair Transplant Rumors
Kylie and Timothée Get Their Courtside PDA On
Here’s How Buying Met Gala Tickets Works
Gabby Prescod Slams “Insufferable” Craig Conover
JoJo Siwa Gives More Insight Into Kath Ebbs Split
Selena Got a Rash After Her First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.