Sonos Voice Control is now available for your Spotify subscription and delivers more than just playback control

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Good news for Sonos speaker owners with Spotify subs: Sonos's voice control software has been updated to provide some useful Spotify integration. 
Voice Control can do more than just skip tracks or adjust the volume, although of course it can do that too. You can tell it to play music in particular rooms, to add songs to particular playlists, to group and ungroup rooms and more. And it works with portable speakers too, so you can use it while playing songs from your backpack. 
Spotify isn't the only service with Voice Control support: it also works with Amazon Music, Apple Music, Deezer and Pandora. But Spotify's bigger user base means its support is a bigger deal.
As you'd expect, in order to use Voice Control with your Sonos kit you need to have a speaker with a microphone in it. In terms of the current range that means the Era 300, the Era 100, the Move 2, the Sonos Roam, the Sonos One but not the One SL, the Arc soundbar and both generations of the Sonos Beam soundbar. 
To use Voice Control it's just a matter of using the "hey Sonos" trigger phrase and then telling your speaker what you want to do: play Taylor Swift, add this song to your dinner party playlist, group the dining room and living and so on. You only need to use the trigger phrase once to get your speaker's attention; you can then ask it to do multiple things without having to repeat the phrase every time. With the Arc and Beam soundbars you can also use voice commands to turn on the TV and adjust your home cinema settings. 
Sonos, like Apple, is keen to point out that your voice isn't being uploaded to the cloud where shenanigans and tomfoolery may occur: all of your voice requests are processed locally on the device and then deleted when they've been understood and acted upon. That's reassuring, because of course the concern with smart speakers isn't that someone's listening in to your playlist choices but that the speaker might be hearing and uploading other audio too.
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
Writer, musician and broadcaster Carrie Marshall has been covering technology since 1998 and is particularly interested in how tech can help us live our best lives. Her CV is a who’s who of magazines, newspapers, websites and radio programmes ranging from T3, Techradar and MacFormat to the BBC, Sunday Post and People’s Friend. Carrie has written more than a dozen books, ghost-wrote two more and co-wrote seven more books and a Radio 2 documentary series; her memoir, Carrie Kills A Man, was shortlisted for the British Book Awards. When she’s not scribbling, Carrie is the singer in Glaswegian rock band Unquiet Mind (unquietmindmusic).

Harman Kardon's Onyx Studio 9 is a mid-size portable Bluetooth speaker that delivers big sound


Merrell’s Moab Speed 2 are supportive, incredibly lightweight and look great too


Some significant features are still absent, such as the playlist editing originally promised for November


If you were waiting for Sonos to launch its TV streaming box we've got some bad news


A free upgrade will give your Victrola turntable streaming superpowers


Sonos had a plan for an iPhone accessory, but it didn't come to pass


Everything about Sonos's new streaming box sounds great... well, nearly everything


Sonos's superb soundbar has finally been discontinued – but for good reason


Harman Kardon's new Enchant series could be a serious multiroom alternative


It's no longer new, but is the entry-level Sonos speaker still the smart speaker to buy?


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.