Mar 21, 2024
There’s no way of knowing what might have been prevented when a Perry High School resource officer confiscated a firearm being carried by a student on March 13. The school, near Massillon, said there were no threats to students or staff, according to a report by WJW-TV in Cleveland. 
Still, Perry Township Police Chief Brian Taylor said the officer secured the gun and took the student into custody, and that the student is expected to face “appropriate disciplinary and legal actions.” 
While we may never know what on earth the student was thinking, Taylor is right that the incident should be a reminder to parents and guardians. 
“It underscores the importance of remaining vigilant and proactive in our efforts to maintain safe learning environments,” Taylor said, according to WJW. 
“Let me be unequivocal: firearms have no place in our schools. The safety and well-being of staff and students are paramount, and any threat to this security will be met with swift and decisive actions. 
“Furthermore, I urge parents and guardians to have open and honest conversations with their children about the serious consequences of bringing weapons to school. We must collectively emphasize the importance of reporting any suspicious behavior to authorities immediately.” 
We’ll leave it to the politicians to glean what they will from Taylor’s emphatic “firearms have no place in our schools.” 
But when it comes to personal accountability, parents are not the only ones responsible for communicating and reporting threats, weapons or suspicious devices on school grounds. If you have suspicions — perhaps especially if those suspicions are regarding your own child — call the Safer Ohio School Tip Line at (844) 723-3764. 
Just like with the resource officer’s quick actions, there’s no telling what you might prevent.
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox
It may not seem as if there is an election in Ohio this Tuesday, but there is, and while the ballots may look small ...
Ohio lawmakers finally acted in concert to rid Ohioans of a nearly $400,000 a day burden when they voted to end the ...
Our region is no stranger to natural disasters and other emergencies. And, as federal officials tell states more ...
Americans of all faiths will gather Thursday to participate in the annual National Day of Prayer.

Held on the ...
Oftentimes, it takes a community to get things done.

No better example of this was in the launch of this year’s ...
While, these days, we’re all used to efforts to keep workers safe, no matter the environment, we also remember ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden News Publishing of Ohio, Inc. | https://www.heraldstaronline.com | 401 Herald Square , Steubenville, OH 43952 | 740-283-4711