Chase Stokes knows his limits. 
The Outer Banks star pushed back on people who criticize him for talking about his relationship with girlfriend Kelsea Ballerini, arguing that social media really only offers a "glimpse" of their romance.
"Sometimes it feels like maybe it's an oversharing situation, or maybe there's a lot of details," Chase exclusively told E! News, "but I truthfully believe that my personal life is really, really private."
The 31-year-old—who confirmed his relationship with Kelsea in March 2023—added that he doesn't feel "any obligation to share" his personal life online, though he does "give a glimpse into here and there." 
"But for the most part," he insisted, "I still feel like I have a really good grasp on my privacy."
In fact, Chase has a very low-key approach to dating during busy times in his and Kelsea's schedules.
"We've done FaceTime date nights," Chase revealed, "where we'll pick a cuisine and then figure out, 'Do we want to do red wine tonight? Do we want to do a white wine or are we just drinking water?' So, we have found beautiful ways to make distance at times work."
Fortunately, distance isn't something they've had to contend with while the actor films the fourth season of Outer Banks, which is expected to hit Netflix later this year. 
"We've been really fortunate in this recent chapter that our busy seasons have not overlapped," Chase explained. "So, [Kelsea will] either be here or I'll go to Nashville, which has made it really nice. In the future and as we've continued to grow in our relationship, we just try to make sure our schedules can coexist and we have time."
But Chase isn't alone on the set of Outer Banks, which also stars Austin North, Rudy Pankow, Jonathan Daviss, Drew Starkey, Madison Bailey and ex Madelyn Cline, who he split with in November 2021. After all, his rescue dog Milo is always by his side, so much so that Chase said the pup "kind of grew up on Outer Banks."
And that's partly why the actor wanted to partner up with ZYRTEC®, his "go-to" medicine to combat allergies during walks with his furry friend. 
"This one felt super authentic because I actually have really bad allergies," Chase explained. "So, it's been a really cool thing."
As for the other reason Chase wanted to work with the brand? It's raising money for charity in collaboration with WoofTrax, which donates money to the nonprofit Mutual Rescue every time you log a walk with your pet on the app. 
"It's a really great charity and I encourage everybody to go check it out." he told E!. "If you have time, go download the app and do some good for all those animals out there in need."
Keep reading for more stars who have adorable pets. 
Brie Larson
Brie, who was already a dog mom to poch Six-Thirty, welcomed her newest addition on Instagram in October 2024, writing, "Proud to announce there’s a new *star* in my life."
Kevin Costner
The Yellowstone star introduced his new dog  to the world in February 2024, writing on Instagram, "I'm already in love with this special guy."
The Sex and the City alum adopted the same kitten Carrie Bradshaw takes in during the second season of And Just Like That.
Party crasher! The late night talk show host's dog Gary joined him as he perfomed a remote opening monologue during the COVID-19 pandemic.
They're always there when you need them! The Legally Blonde star was comforted by dogs Pepper and Lou while battling a sinus infection.
T.Swift is arguably our favorite cat lady, especially when she posts pics with her cat Meredith. She took her love for cats to another level by starring in the movie Cats.
The Big Bang Theory actress has many four-legged friends keeping her busy at home.
"Guess what everyone it's time for me to post THIS photo again. happy birthday to the light of my life. my gooooszeeessskeh. i love u i love u i love u," the "Dangerous Woman" singer wrote in honor of her dog. 
The Carnival Row actor smiled for a picture with his fiancée's pup Nugget!
Dogs will always be there for you! The Friends star loves cuddling up to her dog Clyde.
The makeup mogul is a proud parent to multiple Pomeranians.
The YouTuber's cat Frankie sure knows how to photo bomb! Frankie and sibling Declan also have their own Instagram account with over 200K followers.
"Our pre-workout ritual. We throw on 'Rocky Mountain Way' from Joe Walsh and get to rough housin'. He's definitely 'on one' and feelin' himself today cause he killed a lizard," the actor wrote on Instagram. "He also knows when I lay down its a trap! Smart boy. Let's get to work."
The Euphoria star gushed about her four-legged friend, "Missing my son...I get to see him in like 3 days #NoonyinNY."
"Nothing beats riding your horse on the beach," the Hunger Games alum joked.
The model is mom to a pet rabbit named Cecil Bunny Delevingne. With a name like that, we are sure the bunny has quite the personality.
This family loves their bulldogs! King Maximus and Princess Alexus have their own Instagram page, too!
The Seatttle Seahawks quarterback brought this adorable pooch home to Ciara. "New Pup Alert!!! Welcome to the Wilson Family!" he captioned the precious pic. 
The former Bachelor Nation couple rang in the holiday season with their dogs, Ramen and Pinot.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.