Episode 134: It used to be that, with a few exceptions, actors and musicians were simply performers. Yes, we might have had an occasional look into their private lives, but most people simply enjoyed their films and their music.
But for better or worse, social media has turned performers into brands — and they often find themselves in the middle of our political and cultural storms.
Today, it’s probably difficult to be a Kid Rock fan and be a Democrat, and we all saw the many conspiracy theories made up about Taylor Swift as she takes positions often at odds with Republicans.
Hosts Richard Kyte and Scott Rada discuss whether entertainers should make their political views public and how those views affect their fans.
About the hosts: Scott Rada is social media manager with Lee Enterprises, and Richard Kyte is the director of the D.B. Reinhart Institute for Ethics in Leadership at Viterbo University in La Crosse, Wis. His forthcoming book, "Finding Your Third Place," will be published by Fulcrum Books.
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
🎧 In a world that is getting more complex, hosts Richard Kyte and Scott Rada talk about reclaiming a sense of wonder.
Between 2022 and 2024, the U.S. saw a 43% rise in “sheltered homelessness” -- staying in some sort of emergency shelter, as opposed to living …
Elon Musk is reportedly planning to spend less time tending to the budget-cutting Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) project and more …
In 1992, the new Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer USS Barry was commissioned. A powerful warship of over 9,000 tons, she is still …
Most tomatoes from Mexico will face a 21% tariff effective July 14, the U.S. Department of Commerce said recently. The “love apple” may be the…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.