By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Good things take time. Swoon-worthy things take much longer. 
Along those lines: In celebration of one of TV’s most tantalizing tropes — the slow-burn romance — we’ve gathered together a selection of the small screen’s best speed-challenged love stories. 
The fictional couples below sure took their sweet time getting together (though viewers usually clocked their attraction from the start). We’re talking about Jim and Pam’s air high-five on The Office, Dwayne and Whitley’s backseat smooch on A Different World, Luke and Lorelai’s diner banter on Gilmore Girls, Harvey and Donna’s can-opener ritual on Suits — you get the idea. 
A quick note: Many of these shows wrapped their runs years ago, but some are still airing. So consider this your potential Spoiler Alert! for series like All American, The Chi and The Rookie. Cool? Cool.
Scroll through the list below to see if your favorite turtle-paced love affairs made the cut. And if they didn’t, make sure to shout them out in the comments!
Two-and-a-half seasons passed before Spencer confessed his love for Olivia… then we waited longer for them to become a proper couple… only for the teenagers to self-sabotage their relationship, break up and spend most of Season 5 pining for each other from afar. We suppose, then, that this particular slow burn is still smoldering, but the best appears yet to come now that Spencer and Olivia have rekindled their romance ahead of Season 6. — Rebecca Iannucci
The Fox drama threw ‘shippers a bone (no pun intended!) when the flashback 100th episode revealed that Brennan and Booth shared a kiss way back when. But it took six seasons (and a tragic death) for the partners to do the deed and officially become a couple, with an unexpected baby on the way! — Vlada Gelman
From go, you hade to sense that mystery novelist Rick was smitten with his NYPD muse. Beckett, though, would be unmoved by his rakish ways… until that one rainy night, when she couldn’t deny their connection any further. — Matt Webb Mitovich
This one’s complicated, given that these two were sleeping together in the Showtime drama’s first episode. But that physical connection had nothing on the deepening friendship and attraction they developed as the series continued, building to a steamy kiss in Season 5. “I want you to be the last ex I get back with,” he told her afterward which, for Emmett, was basically a love sonnet. — Kimberly Roots
After several obstacles — including the resurrection of Bryce Larkin, the introduction of an upgraded Intersect (“I know kung fu”) and the emergence of good guy-turned-Ring operative Daniel Shaw — Chuck and Sarah finally got together in Paris midway through Season 3. And they’d live happily ever after (assuming that kiss brought Sarah’s memories back in the 2012 series finale). — Ryan Schwartz
The attraction between the southern primadonna and the math whiz? Undeniable from the start. The kisses? Hot — and kinda frequent! — over the course of a couple seasons. Yet she wasn’t ready for a relationship… then he wasn’t… and it took the two Hillman students until Season 4 to finally get it together (and get together). — K.R.
He fell for her the first moment he saw her. She was none the wiser for several years. The longer Niles pined, the less likely it seemed that Martin’s live-in physical therapist would ever realize how the younger Crane brother felt about her… until he confessed all the night before her Season 7 wedding to another man. But the next day, the “working class Venus” ditched her groom, and the rest is heart-shaped history. — K.R.
These two started out as the bitterest of enemies, but after he inadvertently sacrificed a hand for her, they started working toward mutual respect. Fast-forward a few seasons and they were fighting off an army of the dead back-to-back, then falling into bed and acting on their long-simmering attraction (before Jaime’s dumb loyalty to his toxic twin sister had to go and ruin everything). — K.R.
The eventual love affair between Stars Hollow’s diner owner and inn manager was obvious from go, but viewers endured four seasons of bad timing, repressed feelings and throwaway love interests before Luke and Lorelai kissed during the Dragonfly Inn’s trial opening. Throw in a meddlesome Emily Gilmore, exceedingly nosy neighbors and April Nardini’s ill-timed arrival, and we’re still not sure Luke and Lorelai got the blissful romance they’d earned — but it was a romance, at long last. — R.I.
He’d had a crush on her since their salad says. She developed one on him and kept it under her surgical cap. So it took them four long seasons — and breakups with Amelia and Alex, respectively — to confess that their feelings were reciprocated and start playing doctor like they meant it. — Charlie Mason
Who could’ve known, when Det. Dominick “Sonny” Carisi Jr. first rolled into the squad room with his mustache and zeppole in Season 16, that he and his sometime partner Amanda Rollins would eventually act on their feelings for each other six seasons later (and marry two seasons after that)? — K.R.
In addition to being the real Devil, Lucifer was a real devil. And by-the-book Chloe at first didn’t know what to make of his misbehaving (and oddly persuasive) ways. But over time, the detective came to recognize the sincerity of his feelings for her — and she allowed herself to see him as one heavenly partner. — M.W.M.
Was it hot in here from Day 1, or was that just the Hawai’ian temps? Magnum and “Higgy” simmered plenty to start, when she was merely his landlord of sorts. But once she agreed to be his partner in private investigating, the heat between them rolled to a full, seasons-long boil. — M.W.M.
It took six seasons for eccentric genius Patrick Jane and get-it-done CBI-turned-FBI agent Teresa Lisbon to act on their increasingly apparent feelings for each other. And they went big, packing admissions of love and an electric first kiss into the Season 6 finale. — K.R.
This pair of private eyes’ famously volatile love/hate relationship, filled with feisty back-and-forth banter, finally tipped over to the love side late in Season 3 when Maddie rejected a proposal from her boyfriend Sam — and hopped into bed with David. Their romance fizzled out soon after, though, proving that some slow burns are actually better before they catch fire. — Dave Nemetz
It’s a good thing the Sheffield residence didn’t have an HR department, because the chemistry between this flashy girl from Flushing and her Broadway-producer boss was red hot from the jump. So why did it take the guy four seasons to finally declare his love for her, only to take it back, then say it again (for real!) nearly a full year later? By the time Fran and Maxwell’s wedding finally arrived at the end of Season 5, we’re not sure who had grown more impatient — the audience, or Fran’s mother. — Andy Swift
Listen, if it takes you 190 episodes (!) to share your first on-screen, non-undercover kiss… well, burns don’t get slower than that. A bit maddeningly, viewers have yet to truly see “Tiva” as a couple/parents, given Cote de Pablo and Michael Weatherly’s respective exits/non-overlapping encores. But a newly announced Paramount+ spinoff promises to remedy that, and how!— M.W.M.
Yes, yes, Paxton experienced incredible growth over the course of the Netflix dramedy’s four seasons. But from the moment that high-school rivals Devi and Ben hurled their first barb at each other, it was as obvious as their enviable GPAs that they were endgame. — C.M.
Yes, the couple eventually split up after dating and getting engaged. But before that, viewers were left to wonder for three seasons if there was something more than just friendship between the husband-turned-widower and his oncologist. — V.G.
Fact 1: The course of roomie — er, true — love never did run smooth. Fact 2: Jess Day and Nick Miller were stone-cold weirdos. So it shouldn’t surprise us that, despite one of the hottest first kisses in TV history, it took a while for the two pals to figure out that they were each other’s happily ever after. But you know what they say: That which Taylor Swift and Prince hath joined together, let no man tear asunder. — K.R.
Though these Dunder Mifflin co-workers were as made for one another as paper and ink, it took them three whole seasons to admit that they were, ahem, on the same page. — C.M.
A princess and… a pirate? A Savior and… a swashbuckler? No matter how you put it, Snow White’s daughter was an unexpected match for the leather-loving, guyliner-wearing Captain Hook. And while it took two full seasons (43 episodes!) for the duo to embark on their first official date, fans now know that “A Happy Beginning” would be the duo’s destiny.  — M.W.M.
In the beginning, he was an officious T.O., she his ambitious “boot.” But over numerous patrols, Tim’s walls started to lower, and they both began to see each other as people. And then “Dim” and “Juicy” opened their eyes to be so much more. — M.W.M.
The Palm Beach police partners were besties from the jump, but c’mon: Two attractive, unattached people spending all that time together amid all that neon and spandex? By Season 5, Rob Estes’ and Mitzi Kapture’s characters couldn’t fight their attraction any longer. — K.R.
Thank goodness for revival movies and spinoffs: If they didn’t exist, TNG shippers never would have witnessed the culmination of William T. Riker and Deanna Troi’s seven-season-plus journey back to each other after a pre-series relationship gone wrong. The brash human and the empathic Betazoid got together in the film Star Trek: Insurrection and wed in Star Trek: Nemesis, but the imzadi relationship fully bloomed in Paramount+’s Star Trek: Picard. — K.R.
When it came to matters of the heart, Harvey wasn’t quite as quick as he was in the courtroom. Thankfully, after 124 episodes of torturous will-they-or-won’t-they sexual tension and a lot of almost-starts, the lawyer finally woke up and realized he was in love with Donna, culminating in a heated night of passion. — V.G.
Though they shared their first kiss amid a natural disaster in the Season 2 finale, it wasn’t until the start of Season 4 — after they’d been suspended for hooking up in the photo lab — that the Cloud 9 lovebirds made things official. — R.S.
It’s a tale as old as time — girl falls for boy, girl meets boy’s brooding brother, girl spends three seasons pining for said brother before eventually succumbing to her forbidden desire. Wait, did we forget to mention that the boys are both vampires? And that she also temporarily becomes a vampire herself? Oh, high school. — A.S.
Xena and Gabrielle were never “officially” more than friends (whatever that means!), but there’s a reason they will forever be regarded as two of TV’s most iconic queer characters. If you didn’t watch every single episode wondering when they were finally going to get together, what show were you even watching? The power, the passion, the danger — their courage would change the world. — A.S.
It took seven seasons for the outcast FBI agents to act on their feelings for each other (depending on whom you ask), but they sealed the deal in a big way: with Mulder kissing Scully as he confirmed that he was, indeed, the father of her infant son — we don’t care what Cigarette Smoking Man later said. — K.R.
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
As usual my favorite Aeryn & John from Farscape are missing.
Probably because they don’t count as a slow burn to some people? They slept together in (directly after) the ninth episode of season two. The show deliberately avoided this very troupe of ‘slow burn will they won’t they’ that often divides fandoms and makes people cry the show has jumped the shark the second the leads have kissed. They got it out of the way early.
Their actual ROMANCE was a slow burn, imo, b/c the show so deftly divided sexuality and love and avoided the conventional order of romantic progress. But for some it’s probably easier to consider them “on again off again” rather than slow burn. They’re kinda both, when you take the series as a whole.
How can you leave out Olivia and Elliot on SVU!!!
Can’t believe you left out Mel and Jack from Virgin River. Slow burn but so awesome to watch!
What is it with showrunners and writers who feel the desperate need to make the leads in cop dramas fall in love with each other? Although I must admit I’m a Tiva fan :)
The fans pretty much won’t shut up about it. And eventually the writers run out of other ideas and “see the light”. Probably also something to do with the kinds of shows they grew up watching…for a long time “getting the leads together” was seen as a death knell for a show, so I imagine those who were frustrated by that idea will want to go on to, ‘damn the torpedoes, get those leads together!’
I blame the shippers, who are almost always one of the loudest and most toxic groups of fans of a show.  Chicago PD has transformed from a gritty cop show in to a soap because of them.  See also the Supernatural fans who went crazy because the writers never put together their favourite couple.
Wow! Silk Stalkings…that is a throwback! Who else remembers that show?
Remember that it existed? Check. Actually watched it? Did not. :) Seemed like a show I’d like, just a thing I never got ’round to.
I mean weren’t the 1st 2 married in real life so they could get away with near Rated R sex acts on basic cable
No, Mitzi Kapture and Rob Estes were never married in real life. At the time of the show, Rob Estes was then-married to Josie Bissett of “Melrose Place” fame.
I certainly do! Their ending still makes me kind of emotional, almost 29 (!) years later.
Ed and Carol – Ed
I still love Tom Cavanaugh from that show. Will watch him in anything! Wish he was in more!!
Um, Smallville’s Lois and Clark? Took them 5 seasons and their chemistry was fire from the moment they met.
For that matter, what about Barry and Iris on the Flash?  Took them at least a couple of seasons to get together and I don’t believe they were engaged until season 3 and married season 4.  But it was clear from episode 1 they would become a couple
Not criticising either of your choices, but does it count as a slow-burn romance when it’s characters that are known to end up together in the source material?  Arrow was a rarity in that they didn’t go with the established couple from the comics, and quite a lot of fans were rather angry about it too.
Buffy and Spike Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I’d call it less of a slow burn and more of a mid-series pivot. There was a good long while where a relationship between them was not a serious prospect.
I remember how mad nearly all Bones fans were when that early kiss was retroactively added. It was obvious that the actors were NOT playing romantic for the first howevermany seasons and that “they’ve been romantically interested since the start” junk was just shoehorned in to try to, idk, drown out the people who wanted just ONE m/f partnership on tv to NOT become another basic ‘marriage and a baby’ conventional romance, or if it was going to be a romance let it be one where they really DIDN’T have any romantic attraction at the start and their romance grew out of the dynamic we saw on screen not initial sexual attraction. It seriously ruined whatever of that show might have been called “good”.
People like romances to not ALWAYS be primarily led by attraction. That’s why so many of these ships exist, and so many ships that never “happened” onscreen. The characters’ dynamic was engaging and grew without basic conventional “he’s hot”/”she’s hot” planned romance. That can be done well, of course, nothing wrong with it on paper…but it shouldn’t be all there is. “Friends to lovers” and “enemies to lovers” are such popular troupes precisely b/c they can be such fertile ground for relationship writing that doesn’t easily rely too heavily on the physical.
Chris & Street ❤️ #STRIS #SWAT
I was in a group for Miss Scarlet on PBS and these old ladies were getting so mad that it took 4 seasons for a kiss (there’s only 6 episodes per season, basically the length of 1 normal season for an old network show) and I was like, you guys need to watch The X-Files to know true shipping patience.
Y’all forgot The West Wing! Josh and Donna took a long time, too.
I actually kind of love a slow burn, but it’s risky with the way TV is these days.
LOL re: TXF. So true.
Josh/Donna is a major omission. I think some of the other couples that people are pointing out are defensible to exclude, since they were involved prior to the series and their reunion was delayed. But that was definitely not the case with Josh/Donna. I wasn’t a consistent TWW watcher, but I found them highly shippable when I started watching in Season 2 and I know it took a very long time for moves to be made.
Also:
Wyatt and Lucy, Timeless (time travel,  dead wife returns,  Goran Visnijic, bunkers, fake pregnancy!)
Lee and Amanda, Scarecrow and Mrs. King
Olivia Dunham/Peter Bishop in Fringe surely qualifies as a slow burn! Also maybe House/Cuddy although that obviously didn’t end well And Otis/Maeve in Sex Education (slow at least by teen standards)?
Olivia and Peter, yes.
I’d also say Carol and Doug from ER. I know they had a history, but it took them a long time to getr back together.
In the same way, Teddy and Owen are probably a better example from Grey’s than Linc and Jo.   Their friendship goes way, way back, but it took several years and multiple partners each before they finally got together.
Mulder and Scully never should have been made a couple. It was only done because that’s what male and female leads on TV do, but it betrayed the partnership that had been built up to that point. Mulder and Scully were more like siblings than love interests, and that’s why their banter worked.
And by the way, Shawn Spencer and Juliette O’Hara should be on this list.
Agreed. The creatives on The X-Files said for years that Mulder and Scully were just co-workers. Yes, they’d been through a lot together, but at the end of the day their relationship was strictly platonic. But they were characters on a long-running TV series and eventually the writers run out of ideas and wind up making the male and female leads a couple. Just further proof that, as much as I loved The X-Files, the show just went on for too long.
Everwood couple
Also Max & Liz original Roswell
Deacon and Rayna – Nashville
Some of these I would have preferred if they stayed friends. I was rooting for them at first but over time I realised they had such a beautiful friendship. It kind of sucks they didn’t stay that way. Unpopular opinion, Lisbon /Jane and Harvey/Donna should have just stayed friends.
I never understood the Harvey/Donna shippers.  I didn’t see their relationship that way at all.
Absolutely agree! Never liked them as a couple. Better as friends.
Amen to that!
I never understood why Lisbon/Jane had to be a romantic couple all of a sudden. They were so great together as a platonic one!
Harm and Mac, even though NCIS la undid it.
Where’s Josh and Donna from West Wing?
Josh and Donna????
You left out Laura Holt and Remington Steele of the Remington Steele series.
Exactly, how are they missing from this list.
Sam and Diane?
But Sam and Diane never actually got together.  If I am remembering correctly, they were engaged twice and broke up twice, including on the final episode.
They were dating throughout season 2 I believe. I think it was the breakup that caused Diane to end up in an institution and resulted in Frasier in season 3.
Tony Micelli and Angela Bower
I think Woody and Jordan from CROSSING JORDAN should be on the list.
Hook and Emma? You must have been watching an entirely different show. Hook repeatedly lied to and manipulated Emma. Not to mention that Emma became a shell of herself in efforts by the writers to make Hook seem not as terrible.
The downvotes are cute considering every publication except for TVLine (who had to toe the line to get access) agrees with my assessment lol
Why cry about down votes?   I miss the down vote on Youtube.
I got a kick out of seeing a bunch of babies  put my comments in the red.   The world got too soft and people ended up offended over a thumbs down so Youtube got rid of it and only shows how many thumbs up,
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.