Luke Combs shared a drawing a teenager made and sent to him on his Instagram, and the drawing looks so real you would think it is a black-and-white photo of the country superstar.
Luke posted the photo, a video of the kid drawing the photo, and another image of the young man with the portrait. He captioned the post, "This is unreal!!! Shoutout to @anthonymiller_art for the drawing!! Kid is only 16…"
Many fans react in disbelief at the amazing drawing. One fan wrote, "Wow, crazy good." Another Combs die-hard commented, "He has some amazing talent, and so do you." One more fan said, "Love how you always trying to spotlight other people! The celebrity game needs more like you."

A post shared by

Anthony Miller's official website's bio states, "I am an artist from Madison, Wisconsin. I specialize in drawings and paintings of portraits and sports figures."
Miller has drawn similar portraits of Mother Teresa and sports icons like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, and many more on his site.
Combs celebrated his 34th birthday earlier this month (3/2), and his wife got him quite a unique birthday gift.
He posted a photo of the gift from his wife on his Insta Stories. It's a stuffed turkey with a stuffed squirrel riding on top of the bird wearing a cowboy hat. He wrote, "Thanks for all the birthday wishes, y'all. This is what @nicolecombs got me. Meet Frederico the Cowboy Squirrel. Haha."
Nicole also posted a bunch of photos of her and her husband wishing him a Happy Birthday on her Instagram. The post included pictures of the couple standing together in the rain, Luke playing guitar to his baby boy at home, and more. She captioned the photo dump, "Happy Birthday to my favorite human!!!! The world is a better place with you in it. I love you sooo mucho! I hope you love Federico!!!"
May fans responded to the post and wished Combs a Happy Birthday. "One fan wrote, Love these pictures of you guys." Another fan commented, "Y'all cute."

A post shared by

As Luke Combs gets ready to celebrate his 34th birthday on Saturday (3/2), he's been in the recording studio in Nashville to work on his next album. Luke posted some photos from the studio to his Instagram.
He posted a photo of him singing lyrics from his iPhone into a microphone, wearing a black t-shirt that features a stack of cassettes from the 1980s and 1990s country. In more photos, he listens from the soundboard and sits back with his blue ball cap resting on his belly.
He captioned the post, "Good to be back in the studio today…"

A post shared by

Speaking of new Combs music, Post Malone posted a video of him jamming to his new collaboration with Luke on his Instagram.
In the video, Post is wearing a plaid brown coat and sitting on a chair with a cigarette in his hand, bobbing his head as the song plays. The lyrics include, "She's searching for someone whose gonna give it back, and I ain't got time for that." He captioned the post by tagging Luke.
Many of Post Malone's 25 million followers on Instagram liked the post, including Combs. Fans were mixed about Post Malone going country, with some begging him to stay in his lane. One fan commented on all the feedback, writing, "What you all want is irrelevant. What matters is what he wants to do." Another fan quipped, "This is country. Beyoncé can take notes."

A post shared by

Combs' music has been prominent since his Nashville debut in 2016, and so have his creative and fun music videos. Luke is gearing up for another big year with another headlining stadium tour in the U.S.. and more dates in Europe to play in 2024.
He's a powerhouse in country music these days, and to honor him, we look at five of his iconic music videos.
This music video was filmed partly at Luke and Nicole Combs' wedding in August of 2020. It is a touching video featuring a little girl and her grandpa and scenes from the Combs' wedding in Florida and their life together. The video shows both sides of the couple's parents and a lot of friends and fun. Toward the end of the video, the couple jumps into a pool hand in hand.
Luke held back for several months after he wrote it. When it came out, he said of the song, "Once we teased it, people's reaction was really awesome. I don't think we expected it to be that big."
This video has been viewed on YouTube 413 million times. The video features Combs encountering his ex-girlfriend and then driving, celebrating with his friends, getting a phone number from a waitress (played by his then-girlfriend, now wife Nicole Hocking). The couple later celebrate together over winning money on a lottery ticket.
In 2018, the video was nominated for Video of the Year at the 2018 CMT Music Awards. It lost out to be a Blake Shelton video.
A fantastic love song and one that Luke calls a prequel to his big hit "Forever After All." The song was actually a bonus track on his debut album, but it was later released as a single and went to number one. It made Combs the first artist to send his or her first five singles to number one since the inception of Nielsen SoundScan in January 1990.
The music video is of Luke recording the song in the recording studio and chatting with his buddies in the studio. He says before the music video begins, "Let's give the people what they want. This is the song they want."
This video is so much fun. It features Luke and Nicole as kids going to a skate rink and meeting. It's a bit personal to this journalist as I took both my son and daughter to birthday parties at that same South Nashville skating rink for years.
The clip also features a cameo of an adult Nicole. The video even features kid actors of each of the members of Combs' band, who perform with Luke the song in the same rink as the kids skate.
This is a big hit fans wait to hear at the very end of a Luke Combs concert. Luke co-wrote this fun song and performed the song on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in May 2019. He also performed the song at the 2019 CMA Awards.
In the video, Combs performs in a small dive bar. It's similar to gigs he played early in his career, with just a handful of folks in the crowd.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!