"He wakes me up in the morning, in the nighttime, he won’t go to sleep: 'Did she write me? Did she write me?'"
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Alicia Keys is shouting out Billie Eilish for going above and beyond for her youngest son, Genesis.

 The 16-time Grammy winner told the story of how the “What Was I Made For” singer recently took time out of her busy schedule to make her 9-year-old feel special on Friday’s episode of The Tonight Show. 

 It all started when Genesis decided he had to call Eilish. “He just asked me every single day, ‘Mom, can I please leave her a voice message?’” Keys recalled. “And I’m like, ‘I don’t know, what kind of voice message are you gonna leave her? Like, what kind of voice message?'”

Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty; Jason Armond / Los Angeles Times via Getty 
 Genesis just wanted to give the Oscar-winning musician her flowers. “He was like, ‘I’m just gonna say… I would like to be friends, and I really like her music,’” she said. “And so he leaves her this whole message after harassing me for days and days on end.” 

 Keys said after the call her son "continued to harass me if she wrote him a message back."

 “He wakes me up in the morning, in the nighttime, he won’t go to sleep: ‘Did she write me? Did she write me? Did she leave me a message?’” she said before revealing, “She left him a message.”

 “Can you believe it?” Keys asked. “It was so sweet.” 

 Eilish isn't the only superstar Genesis has connected with recently. Earlier in her conversation with host Jimmy Fallon, Keys recounted how her son recently reunited with Taylor Swift at a stop on her Eras Tour after they'd previously met when he was younger at the iHeartRadio Music Awards.

 “He was like, 'Is she gonna remember me?' And it was a whole thing," Keys said. "He was like, 'She knew me since I was 3, right, mom?’” 

 Fallon then showed an adorable photo of Swift kissing a beaming Genesis on the cheek, so it seems she did remember him.

 “Aww!” Keys cheered at the image. “Come on, Gen Gen!”

 Watch Keys talk about Genesis meeting his pop idols in the clip above. 

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)