by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

Alicia Keys’s youngest son, Genesis, is the biggest Swiftie, and since Taylor Swift has known him most of his life, he’s had some seriously sweet moments with her. They’ve met quite a few times over the years, and most recently, it may have been the most wholesome interaction yet.

	










	During a recent appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Keys talked about how Genesis and Swift’s bond started back in the 2019 iHeartRadio Awards when he adorably waved at her during his mama’s speech.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Insiders Reveal Why Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce Are Opting Out of Going Out With Pals ‘As of Late'		
	










	“He was flirting. … I was pouring my heart out about all my thank you’s, and he’s [waving at Swift],” she joked, also talking about how Genesis went to the Eras Tour and he was so happy throughout. If you need a refresher, then check out the heartwarming photos Keys posted from back then:


A post shared by Alicia Keys (@aliciakeys)

	Now Keys also talked about Genesis’s adorable nerves before seeing Swift again. “They met up again recently, and he was like, ‘Is she gonna remember me?’ And it was a whole thing,” Keys said. “He was like, ‘She knew me since I was three, right, mom?’ ”



	And yes, it all went smoothly. Check out the full interview below:

	Isn’t that just the sweetest?!

	For those who don’t know, Keys and Swizz Beatz got together in 2008, and dated for two years before tying the knot in 2010. They later welcomed two boys together named Egypt Daoud, born in Oct 2010, and Genesis Ali, born in Dec 2014.

	The couple also co-parent multiple children together. Keys’s eldest stepkid is named Prince Nasir Dean, who was born on Oct 2000, to Swizz and his ex Nicole Levy. Keys also has a stepson named Kaseem, born Dec 2006, with Beatz’s ex-wife Mashonda Tifrere. There’s also Swizz’s wonderful daughter Nicole Dean, whom he welcomed with his ex-girlfriend Jahna Sebastian in May 2008.
Before you go, check out these celebs who are close with their stepkids.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.