By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:38, 23 March 2024   |  Updated:  17:49, 23 March 2024   
 38
View  comments
Ed Sheeran and his wife Cherry Seaborn were spotted enjoying a rare date night at Core restaurant in Notting Hill on Friday.
The singer, 33, and his wife, 31, who married in 2019 and are parents to daughters Jupiter, 17 months, and Lyra, two, were joined by his brother at the Michelin Star venue as they celebrated Ed returning from touring Asia.
Ed looked typically stylish in an electric blue jumper and matching Nike trainers, teamed with a black leather jacket.
Cherry opted for a chic ensemble, consisting of a white floral mini dress, tights and chunky boots.
The London venue, which is run by former Gordon Ramsay chef Clare Smyth, boasts 3 Michelin stars and tasting menus begin at £195 per person.
Ed Sheeran and his wife Cherry Seaborn were spotted enjoying a rare date night at Core restaurant in Notting Hill on Friday
The singer, 33, and his wife, 31, were joined by his brother at the Michelin Star venue as they celebrated Ed returning from touring Asia
Clare famously catered for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding and is widely regarded as one of the best female chefs in the world.
It comes after Ed's wife Cherry Seaborn has reportedly revealed a new career move.
The spouse of the hit singer is launching her own business according to new reports.
The Sun claims that Cherry has registered the retail brand Babes In Armour with Companies House with documents suggesting it could sell products including toiletries, lingerie and maternity wear.
Ed and Cherry married in 2019 and are parents to daughters Jupiter, 17 months, and Lyra, two.
A source told the publication: 'Cherry has a career of her own and isn't interested in Ed's fame. Ed loves that she has her own passions.
'Babes In Armour was an idea she had with a friend, costume designer Jemima Penny and there are lots of possibilities.
'They have registered the name and are working out the finer details of what their new business will be. It's very exciting.'
Ed looked typically stylish in an electric blue jumper and matching Nike trainers, teamed with a black leather jacket
Cherry opted for a chic ensemble, consisting of a white floral mini dress, tights and chunky boots
Since opening in August 2017, Core has received numerous awards including three stars in the 2021 Michelin Guide
A representative for Ed has been contacted by MailOnline for comment.  
Ed and Cherry have always kept their relationship low-key but Ed, 32, sparked concerns when he hinted at marital issues in his latest album.
Autumn Variations, which was released in September, appeared to suggest their relationship was on the rocks at one point, with one song hinting that Cherry 'may have called time on their relationship'.
Ed's song Punchline focused on an imploding romance, with lyrics reading: 'I can’t help but be destructive right now. It’s been weeks since I saw your outline. 
'In my room is a silence so loud. This is what losing hope might sound like.'
During the emotional chorus, it continued: 'I can’t help it but I love you so. I can’t take this letting go. I still feel like we could work it out or something.
'All I am is only flesh and bone. Why’s your heart so freezing cold?'
Ed and Cherry have been together since 2015.
In another track, Ed detailed their 'bumpy road', and stressed in the song that it is 'not the end of our lives'.
He sings: 'This is not the end of our lives, this is just a bump in the ride. I know that it’ll be alright.'
In the song The Day I Was Born, he sings: 'I broke apart from my lover a couple months ago, if they were here then I guess I wouldn’t be alone.'
However, the album is unclear which songs have been written from Ed's personal experiences as he has previously spoken about the album being about both his and his friend's lives.
Ed and Cherry first met at the age of 11 while attending Thomas Mills High School in rural Suffolk.
Cherry, in the year below him, stood out for her natural ability at hockey and Ed for his obvious musical talent.
While the pair parted ways after high school they reconnected in New York City in 2015 and started dating shortly after.
The key to their relationship's success seems to be their humble Suffolk roots.
Cherry grew up in a charming period property in a village outside Framlingham with her mother Ann, father Matthew, an architect, and younger brother Charlie, who is in the same business as his brother-in-law-to-be, writing film and theatre music.
Meanwhile, Ed lived with mum and dad, Imogen and John, and brother Matthew, in Framlingham, but dropped out of school at 16 to seek his fortune as a singer. At the outset he busked and slept rough under an arch near Buckingham Palace.
The Sun reports that Cherry has registered the retail brand Babes In Armour with Companies House
Ed and Cherry have always kept their relationship low-key but Ed, 32, sparked concerns when he hinted at marital issues in his latest album
Two years after they started dating, Ed proposed to Cherry in 2017 .
He broke the happy news to his then 19 million followers on Instagram with a sweet, again low-key photo of them embracing.
He wrote: 'Got myself a fiancé just before new year. We are very happy and in love, and our cats (Dorito and Calippo) are chuffed as well.'
The following year the couple tied the knot in a low-key ceremony a few days before Christmas .
A source said: It was very quiet – just Ed's oldest school pals, limited family and the priest.
'There were only 40 people – so no Taylor Swift, record company executives or any royals or pop star pals. He wanted no fuss and he wanted it to be something entirely for them – just a tiny winter wedding.
'Neither of them were that fussed about making a big deal about it. Cherry just wanted to get it out of the way without any problems or intrusions.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group