Today is Jessica Chastain's birthday, she's 47.
The Help and Molly's Game actress will likely be celebrating alongside her husband Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo and their two children. But what exactly do we know about the well-known Hollywood star's life at home, away from the big screen?
Here the Mirror takes a look behind-the-scenes at Jessica's romance timeline, including what she's said about her beloved fashion executive husband over the last few years. Not an awful lot is known about their super secret life, but this is what we've gathered.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift made Jessica Chastain 'break up playlist' after Met Gala meeting
Jessica and Gian first met all the way back in 2012, dating for five years before tying the knot. The pair share two children, but they're kept away from the spotlight and are rarely even mentioned by the couple in interviews and are hardly even seen.
They met in Paris in January of that year, both attending the Giorgio Armani Privé Haute-Couture Spring / Summer 2012 fashion show. Gian was working as a PR for the fashion house at the time and bumped into Jessica at the star-studded event. Jessica famously called the meeting the "best day ever" because it happened to fall on the same received her first ever Oscar nomination for The Help. "It was the beginning of my career and then I met my future husband," she previously told Kelly Ripa and Anderson Cooper.
The couple made their first public appearance at the Academy Awards in 2013, walking the red carpet hand-in-hand. She gushed over their relationship at the time, telling a reporter, "I am very, very happy It's a wonderful thing when a career does so well and your personal life does so well." But the honeymoon phase was appearing to wear out in 2015 when Jessica said she wasn't sure if she ever wanted to get married.
"I'm not quite sure of what I want in my life, and who knows if marriage is a part of it," she told PEOPLE magazine at the time. "So to me, marriage is not an important thing." She insisted that everything was "fantastic" in her relationship, despite not wanting to get married. However, by 2017 all of that had gone out the window as they tied the knot in Treviso, Italy, at the Passi de Preposulo family estate, Villa Tiepolo Passi.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
They enjoyed a romantic honeymoon in Zimbabwe, sharing an update on Instagram. At the time, Jessica penned, "Sometimes being without Wi-Fi, cell service, Instagram, Twitter, and emails is exactly what you need. I loved staying in Zimbabwe. GL & I loved sitting by the fire and learning about the constellations above us."
One year later and the couple welcomed their first child, "Thank you all for respecting my privacy while I was blessed with the gift of becoming a mother," she wrote on Instagram. "I must say that 2018 has been the best year of my life. So much love and joy to all of you." Jessica's daughter Giulietta joined her mum at the Golden Globe Awards in 2019, featuring in an Instagram post at the time – a picture of her hand next to a glistening ruby ring. "You've got good taste, kid," Chastain captioned the upload.
It was the year after that they're thought to have welcomed their second child, but even less is known about them. She's only every spoke of her daughter in an interview in 2022, telling Marie Claire: "Normally I never talk about my personal life. But I had a conversation with my daughter not that long ago. And when you're talking to kids it's like, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' 'I want to be a ballerina.'
"And she was like, 'I want to be a mama.' And I was like, 'That's a great thing to be. But you know, you can be more than one thing.' She's like, 'What do you mean?' I said, 'Well, look at me, honey. I'm a mama. I'm an actress. I'm a producer. I'm a business owner. I'm a friend. I'm a cook.' I started listing all these things. Like, I am many things, so you can be whatever you want," she concluded in the candid chat with the outlet.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.