FOUR years have flown by since preparations for Glastonbury Festival 2020 was brought to a grinding halt as part of the government's fight against Covid-19.


  On March 18 of that year, amid the rapidly changing situation due to the pandemic, Sir Michael Eavis and Emily Eavis cancelled the festival with heavy hearts.


  The duo released a statement announcing the cancellation of the 50th anniversary of the iconic festival.


  Just two days prior, prime minister Boris Johnson had requested the nation to stay at home and limit social interaction.


  And on March 23, Mr Johnson instructed the public to stay at home.


  In the statement, the Eavises said: "Glastonbury 2020 will have to be cancelled, and this will be an enforced fallow year for the festival.


  "Clearly this was not a course of action we hoped to take for our 50th anniversary event, but following the new government measures announced this week – and in times of such unprecedented uncertainty – this is now our only viable option."


Festival founder Michael Eavis, who received a knighthood in the New Year honours.  (Image: Yui Mok, PA Wire)


  They hoped the situation would have improved by the planned festival dates in June – but, even if this had been the case, the festival organiser's would not have been able to build the infrastructure required for 200,000 people.


  Some 135,000 people, who had paid an initial deposit for a Glastonbury 2020 ticket, were apologised to directly.


  An offer was extended to these fans, giving them the chance to roll their £50 deposit over to the next year, therefore guaranteeing them the opportunity to buy a ticket for Glastonbury 2021.


  But that was later cancelled, with the festival finally returning in 2022.


  The Eavises said their hearts went out to the hardworking crew and volunteers, who would be feeling the blow of this devastating decision.


  They concluded their statement with these heartfelt words: "We were so looking forward to welcoming you all for our 50th anniversary with a line-up full of fantastic artists and performers that we were incredibly proud to have booked.


  "Again, we're so sorry that this decision has been made.


  "It was not through choice.


  "But we look forward to welcoming you back to these fields next year and until then, we send our love and support to all of you."


  Glastonbury had already announced much of its line-up, which included global superstars like Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Diana Ross and Paul McCartney.


  Lamar, Ross and McCartney all performed at Worthy Farm when the festival returned in 2022.


  Swift is yet to make her long-awaited debut in the Somerset fields.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.