Advertisement
Reporter
Lisa Law
After more than half a century, what story about Woodstock hasn’t already been told?
Lisa Law is trying to find out.
The 81-year-old photographer, Santa Fe resident and never-say-die ’60s queen is back at work on an oral history project, gathering firsthand recollections from alumni of the three-day 1969 music and art festival in partnership with The Museum at Bethel Woods in New York.
Law, who joined the event’s Hog Farmers in providing security and serving food to hundreds of thousands of festival-goers, is putting out the call for more Woodstock attendees to be interviewed April 12-14 while Neal Hitch, the museum’s senior curator, is in Santa Fe.
But why, after all this time, does Woodstock still matter?
Law said to her and to many other members of the so-called “Woodstock Generation,” the event was tangible proof that, even on the scale of a three-day festival, peace was actually possible.
“If you stick 500,000 people together in one area, and they all get along, and they all take care of each other, and they all share with each other, and nobody fights ... you realize that the world can be light, that there doesn’t have to be wars,” Law said. “There doesn’t have to be fighting, and we can all get along.”
Law spoke to The New Mexican about the power of the original event, the rioting and violence of its disastrous 1999 reboot, and culture in the age of social media.
Excerpts from this interview have been edited and condensed for clarity and space.
Question: What do you say to people who say, “It’s been 55 years — why are we still talking about Woodstock?”
Answer: Because the people who experienced it, it was one of the most important moments of their life, and they love sharing their stories. ... I was walking in the farmer’s market Saturday, and I had a sign that said “If you were at Woodstock, talk to me, we want to interview you.”
People said, “Oh, I wish I was there.” ... Most people wish they had been there. A few of them ... said, “I asked my mother if I could go, and she refused to let me go, and I’ve never been so upset in my whole life.”
Question: Can you talk about the difference between the original and the Woodstock ’99 events?
Answer: In ’99, they [hired] the wrong musical groups. They were violent groups, and so it brought people there who were violent people. They had a lot of bald heads and rings in their nose. ... I called [Woodstock ’99 co-organizer] Michael Lang, and I said, “Michael, the best thing you do for this Woodstock is to hire a group like the Hog Farm ... because you need people on the ground that know how to work with people that are aggressive.” ... He later said to me, and these are his words, “It was the worst $130,000 I never spent.” ...
I was out on the ground during the concert, and I saw people that were being violent, and at the end of the concert, they started fires by tearing down the plywood fence. ...
There was one lady standing there and her husband was jumping over the flames. ... I said, “If you don’t stop him from doing that, you’re gonna take him home as a piece of toast, because he’s on acid; he doesn’t know what he’s doing.”
Question: Did that experience change the way that you look back on Woodstock I at all?
Answer: No, it just affirmed that thing was to take care of everybody, to feed everybody, and you honor everything, and they made it free. That’s why Woodstock was so popular, and that’s why people remember it.
Question: With Woodstock as a point of comparison, can you talk a little about some of the other major musical and cultural events that have happened in the years since?
Answer: The Rainbow Gathering was created after Woodstock. ... It’s very peaceful and nobody fights and they feed everybody. Everybody donates, and they have children’s activities. On the last day ... they’re quiet. From sunrise ’til noon, nobody says a word. And they have dances and drummings and music, and then it’s over, and they clean up, so ... you never can tell they were there. ... That’s one of the most interesting things that’s happened.
Question: How about the advent of streaming music online in the early 2000s — do you see that as a big change?
Answer: I think life goes on, and let’s hope that life goes on positively. ... Social media is important, really important to what’s happening today. ... [Independent presidential candidate] Robert F. Kennedy Jr., they took him off Instagram because they said what he’s telling is not the truth, which is baloney. ...
Right now what’s happening information-wise is Twitter was purchased by Elon Musk. ... He wanted to be a platform for people who want to tell their story. ... and they don’t tell you if it’s good or bad. They don’t take you off. They just let you put out what you want. So there’s a lot of interesting information, good information and there’s some yucky information, but it’s freedom of speech.
Question: Do you think Woodstock would have been remotely the same had it happened during the time of social media?
Answer: I just think you can’t compare. ... I mean, there weren’t even plastic bottles in that time during Woodstock, only tin cans, tin bottles. ...
You have all the concerts today with social media, they’re doing just fine. People share things ... and talk about things and send pictures home. ... Social media is good as long as you’re telling the truth. It’s the people like [Facebook founder Mark] Zuckerberg that won’t let you say things that you want to talk about and keep taking you off, deleting you, punishing you.
Question: You talked about the reasons why, after 55 years, people who went to Woodstock still want to keep talking about it. In the modern era, the closest comparison in terms of an event that has so much excitement about it is probably Taylor Swift’s Eras tour, which more than 4 million people have attended since last year. What are your thoughts on seeing that level of excitement?
Answer: It sounds to me like people want to have a better life, a more loving life. ... So people are looking for love. They’re looking for honesty. They don’t want to be lied to anymore, and I think they probably get that from her.
Question: Are you going to any shows this year?
Answer: I’m going to the Bob Dylan/Willie Nelson concert, July [6] at Bethel Woods [Center for the Arts], New York. ... There’s nobody like Bob Dylan, ever, ever, and there probably never will ever be again.”
Lisa Law
To participate
Neal Hitch, director of the Bethel Woods Museum on the site of the 1969 Woodstock Music and Art Fair, is on the hunt for more people who attended the historic festival for the museum’s archives. He will travel to New Mexico April 12-14 to conduct interviews.
In order to participate, email Lisa Law at lisajolaw@icloud.com before April 1 — preferably as soon as possible — with your name, email and phone number, and she will call you back to set up an appointment.
Reporter
Advertisement
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
Circulation Office Hours - 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
welcome email
Receive a list of headlines from the latest edition of The New Mexican in your inbox every morning.
On Saturdays, get a preview of The New Mexican's big Sunday stories and review highlights from the week.
Stay informed of the latest local news by receiving emails as soon as news is posted online.
Stay up to date with news from the Capitol during the legislative session, and follow New Mexico politics throughout the year.
A guide to outdoors opportunities and profiles on peoples' connections with places, delivered every other Monday.
Keep up with what's going on in the local business scene, every Tuesday.
Receive the latest episode of "Conversations Different" in your inbox every Tuesday. 
Taking the temperature of New Mexico's environmental issues.
Get updates on the Lobos, local prep sports and more every Wednesday.
Contests and special offers from The Santa Fe New Mexican and advertising partners.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.