Mar 23, 2024
 SCENE FROM THE PAST — Annaliese Schupbach, a sophomore at Brooke High School, created a scene of an old European-style village, assembling a windmill and other structures from cardboard, for the Brooke High School Peep Show, an annual contest in which students are challenged to use candy Peeps in art.
-- Warren Scott
WELLSBURG — While many enjoy biting into a soft, sweet Peeps bunny or chick — particularly at Easter ­– students at Brooke High School look forward to using the marshmallow treats to concoct a variety of scenes for an annual art contest.
And this year, many students once again created a wide range of colorful and often elaborate scenarios inspired by a variety of sources for what has been dubbed the Brooke High School Peep Show.
Sara Walden Roark, who organizes the contest with fellow art instructor Kelly Lumbatis, said the general public can join Brooke’s staff and student body in casting votes for their favorite.
Photos of the many entries can be found at the Brooke County Public Schools Information Facebook page, where a link for voting can be found.
Votes may be cast through Monday and will be tabulated to determine a “Peep-le’s Choice” winner, while a panel of judges will determine other winners.
INSPIRED BY A CLASSIC — Renaissance painter Sondro Botticelli’s “Birth of Venus” was recreated using Peeps and Barbie doll legs by Brooke High School senior Logan Frame. The public may use social media to cast votes for their favorite entry in the Brooke High School Peep Show art contest.
-- Warren Scott
The practice of accepting votes from the public began during the COVID pandemic, which had forced the contest to be held virtually.
As a result, its participating young artists have enjoyed the exposure their efforts have received on a larger scale, with votes coming from people in other countries, albeit usually with ties to the school.
The contest is open to all students, officials explained. A category has also been established in recent years, so as to encourage involvement by those students with special needs.
Roark said the contest winners will be announced through social media on Tuesday.
This year, Amazon gift cards have been added to the gift baskets that will be presented to the winning students. 
LOOKING UP — Mia Metz, a freshman at Brooke High School, used candy Peeps as both figures and the balloons that lift the home of Carl Fredericksen in Pixar’s “Up” for one of the many entries in the Brooke High School Peep Show art contest.
-- Warren Scott
The baskets also include assorted art supplies, Peep snacks and merchandise inspired by the candy. 
This year’s entries include:
• A Snowy Ski Slope 
Made with wads of cotton, the snowy ski slope is occupied by a ski lift created out of Popsicle sticks and plastic egg shells. Several Peep “snow bunnies” are shown wearing felt coats, along with scarves and earmuffs made from pipecleaners.
• A Football Game 
This football game pits the “Seattle Seapeeps” against the “Peepland Browns,” according to this year’s student artist.
The teams’ uniforms were created from clipped photos of the real-life NFL teams’ respective jerseys.
The crowd-filled stadium was produced by pasting multiple copies of the same picture containing sections of sports fans around the field.
Sports was a common theme among this year’s entries.
 Students created a baseball game and a boxing match in addition to the football display.
• An Alien Abduction 
This alien abduction is subtitled, “Where’d the Cows Go?” The artist’s scenario is that of an alien Peep bunny who proceeds to teleport into his glass flying saucer. By using a Peep chick, as opposed to a Peep bunny, the student painted the chick to resemble a spotted brown bovine.
A battery-powered light was attached to the spacecraft, adding to the scene’s eeriness.
Many of the students used lights to accentuate their scenes, as well.
• Recreations of Performances 
This student artist recreated a performance given by pop singer Taylor Swift during her Eras Tour.
 Another recreation included The Beatles during their first television appearance, among others.
• Scenes from Broadway 
The Brooke High student responsible for creating scenes from Broadway musicals made sure to include “The Phantom of the Opera,” and “Hamilton.” The animated films which were displayed included “The Little Mermaid,” and “Up.”
Cardboard boxes were used by most entrants in order to create a stage or other setting for the scenes.
For example, the scene from “The Little Mermaid,” used a divided box in which to show two vantage points from the story. 
Peeps representing the moments when Ariel and Prince Eric are enjoying a romantic boat ride are situated on the top of the divided box, while the evil Ursula lurks under the “water” below.
• Depictions of Popular Animated Characters
 Famous cartoon characters were among the themes chosen by student artists.
The Scooby-Doo gang is depicted at the conclusion of one of its final scenes. Fred, Daphne, Thelma, Shaggy and Scooby unmask a Peep “monster.” 
The gang is depicted outside of their Mystery Machine van, which was replicated with cardboard and paint.
A trio of Peep bunnies were painted to resemble the cast of “Spongebob Squarepants,” all standing before their undersea abodes.
The recreation of “Up” is one example in which students utilized their Peeps to represent things other than just characters and figures. 
Using cut-up pieces of blue, yellow, purple and pink Peeps, the artist took the pieces and used them to serve as the many balloons that lifted the home of Carl Fredericksen way up into the sky.
The “Star Wars” films inspired three entries this year, officials commented. One entry featured Peeps in a cardboard landspeeder being threatened by Peep Tusken Raiders. 
Another entry focused on the Ewok’s treetop village in the film, “Return of the Jedi.” 
And a third contestant chose to depict  the climactic duel between Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker, in “Revenge of the Sith.”
The two do battle amid a sea of lava that was created with hardened and painted spray foam.
• “Birth of Peep-us,” 
This recreation is that of the Renaissance painter Sondro Botticelli, and his famous work, “Birth of Venus.”
The angelic figures within the ornate frame were created by attaching Barbie doll legs to bunny Peeps. The frame contributes to the image’s appearance as being that of a classic work of art.
• Scenes Inspired By the Artists’ Own Imagination
Entries in which students used their imagination included that of an old European-style village. 
Several Peeps surround a windmill and homes that were created from painted cardboard. Miniature fruits, vegetables and pastries — all made with clay by the student, are being sold by a village vendor.
Another entry dubbed “Land of Peace,” features several Peeps enjoying tea and relaxing in an idyllic garden setting, complete with several flowers.
Officials stated anyone who would like to vote on their favorite display, may do so by visiting the link tallyspace.com/65fb683be1830. 
Voting concludes on Monday evening.
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox


STEUBENVILLE — For 50 years, Franciscan University’s Steubenville Conferences have provided Catholics and ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden News Publishing of Ohio, Inc. | https://www.heraldstaronline.com | 401 Herald Square , Steubenville, OH 43952 | 740-283-4711