By KENNEDY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  01:28, 23 March 2024   |  Updated:  09:54, 23 March 2024   
 619
View  comments
Crow is now being served to all the trolls who shamed Kate Middleton.
Eat up!
Finally, this smugly arrogant goblin army – that shuffled through the rank gossip swamps of bad jokes, hot takes and nonsense about body doubles and sanatoriums – has been silenced by the Princess of Wales's shock cancer diagnosis.
Now they can march back to obscurity and the twilight of flagging careers with their ridiculous theories in tatters.
First among that legion of classless jerks are Bravo Madam Andy Cohen and that lumpy nerd, John Oliver.
They laughed last week that there was a 'non-zero chance' Kate was still alive.
Then Cohen went further, tweeting – 'That ain't Kate' – after video of her emerged outside a Windsor farm shop.
Now there's a 'non-zero chance' these boys are going to be able to slither out from under those vile gags without a fair bit of groveling.
And I see you, Omid Scobie.
Harry and Meghan's brand-building cheerleader was chief among the ill-wishing tongue-waggers.
As journalists prepared on Friday for an imminent announcement about Kate's health, this gloating ghoul tweeted (and subsequently deleted) a picture of his iPhone alarm set to the exact moment the news was due to be beamed around the world.
First among that legion of classless jerks are Bravo Madam Andy Cohen and that lumpy nerd, John Oliver. They laughed last week that there was a 'non-zero chance' Kate was still alive.
Harry and Meghan's brand-building cheerleader Omid Scobie was chief among the ill-wishing tongue-waggers.
This gloating ghoul Scobie tweeted (and subsequently deleted) a picture of his iPhone alarm set to the exact moment the news was due to be beamed around the world.
What did he think the Palace was going to reveal?
That this pending announcement would magically justify the despicable behavior of Scobie and his fellow Kate-baiters?
Instead, a family and, in fact, a nation has been gutted by the news of a cherished mother of three grappling with a devastating diagnosis.
So, Scobie can suck it. As can all the other vile opportunists who danced under this dark cloud looming over the Waleses.
Loudmouth tech CEO Christopher Bouzy, who was made infamous by his appearance in Harry and Meghan's whining Netflix docuseries, went full tin-hat, NASA-faked-the-Moon-landing wacko.
In an unending series of unhinged tweets, he claimed to have analyzed that footage of William and Kate in Windsor, 'proving' that it wasn't her captured, but perhaps a body double.
'We still haven't seen Kate in public,' he declared to his 350,000 followers on X.
Of course, a simple explanation for why Kate might look so 'different' – as he insisted on very personally pointing out – is that she has been undergoing chemo and likely lost weight after surgery.
But such details matter not to bullish Bouzy. His conspiratorial claptrap remains live on his social media at the time of publication.
Loudmouth tech CEO Christopher Bouzy, who was made infamous by his appearance in Harry and Meghan's whining Netflix docuseries, went full tin-hat, NASA-faked-the-Moon-landing wacko.
In an unending series of unhinged tweets, he claimed to have analyzed that footage of William and Kate in Windsor, 'proving' that it wasn't her captured, but perhaps a body double.
Cohen went further, tweeting – 'That ain't Kate' – after video of her emerged outside a Windsor farm shop.
On Friday, the princess's announcement imminent, he halfheartedly tweeted: 'Hopefully, Kate is OK.'
You picked the wrong side, Chris. Now go crawl away and let the poor woman convalesce for a moment while you scrape what's left of your gooey dignity off the sidewalk.
Why didn't it occur to these idiots that an abdominal operation – which we'd been told she'd undergone months ago – might be rather serious?
Major surgery that keeps an otherwise healthy 42-year-old away from work for three months hardly sounds like a breeze.
Yet many of these Katespiracists are the same fame-whore hacks who demanded apologies and deference on behalf of the Duke and Duchess of Santa Barbara when they went on their endless, please-feel-sorry-for-us privilege tour.
Where's that #BeKind bravery now?
Even a sitting U.S. Senator couldn't help but trivialize the collective throat lump we all felt when Kate bravely leveled with us.
Democratic Congressman Chris Murphy publicly boohooed when his cable news segment was canceled to report the shocking news on Friday.
'I was supposed to be on CNN at 2pm to talk about the anniversary of the Affordable Care Act and the millions of lives it has saved, but the interview has been bumped by this much more important topic,' he tweeted… then deleted.
Have some decency, you rancid sack of donkey crap!
And who else deserves a kick?
Kim Lard-ashian!
She flexed her leather-clad BBL on Instagram last week with the caption, 'On my way to go find Kate.'
Haha. That's so funny! Did you come up with that one yourself, Kim?
You'd think she, of all people, would be a bit more sensitive.
Kim Lard-ashian flexed her leather-clad BBL on Instagram last week with the caption, 'On my way to go find Kate.'
Desperate to boost her new brand of boozy shrew juice, Blake Lively (above) took the opportunity to bully and mock Kate in a promo Insta post.
At least Lively had the awareness to recognize her lapse in human decency and, by Friday evening, had unreservedly apologized.
As a woman who lost her father to cancer, she knows full well the uncertainty that follows surprise medical procedures.
And as a mother, how could she not pause for a moment and consider that Kate may have been breaking some terrible news to her children before blasting it out on social?
Bad look, babe.
Actress and Taylor Swift groupie, Blake Lively couldn't muster much better.
Desperate to boost her new brand of boozy shrew juice, she took the opportunity to bully and mock Kate in a promo Insta post.
Now these barbs are aging as well as a 2016 Hillary Clinton victory speech.
But at least Lively had the awareness to recognize her lapse in human decency and, by Friday evening, had unreservedly apologized.
'I made a silly post around the "photoshop fails" frenzy, and oh man, that post has me mortified today. I'm sorry,' she wrote.
All the rest of these ogres must now follow suit.
And the next time the mob of heartless sleuths stumbles onto a big earth-cracking conspiracy, give it a beat before you join the stampede.
Someone's world might have just shattered and they may need a second to pick up the pieces before they post about it on TikTok.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group