Now 
68
 Sun 
72
 Mon 
74
by RYAN PAINTER | KUTV
TOPICS:
SALT LAKE CITY (KUTV)  — I imagine that there will be several of you who have or will swear off the March Madness as your team of choices falls from contention. Or you might find yourself wanting something more than "just basketball." Fortunately, I have a few recommendations for the weekend.
Let’s start with “Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire.” I liked 2021’s “Ghostbusters: Afterlife.” I had issues with some of the choices but in the end it felt like the franchise was almost back on track with a new set of characters poised to take the reigns from the original squad. That handoff comes with “Frozen Empire,” a film that sees that narrative return to New York City. The script suffers from some Swiss-cheese plotting, but it’s fun enough to make up for its plot holes. I’d really like to see where the story goes next. So, please go and see “Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire” or I’ll be forced to add another “What if?” to my extensive list of lost hopes, dreams, and aspirations.
Or you could give “Problemista,” A24’s latest comedy, 90 minutes of your life. You could do a lot worse. Written, directed, and produced by Julio Torres, the film sees Alejandro (Torres) a toy designer leaving the safety confines of his mother’s artist retreat in El Salvador and heads for New York City where he works as a patient monitor at a cryogenic lab. He’s not good at his job. This is problematic. He needs a work visa. Desperate, Alejandro finds something resembling employment with Elizabeth (Tilda Swinton, a disgraced art critic who just happens to be the wife of the patient that Alejandro failed to monitor. It’s overstuffed, to say the least. There are some fantastic ideas, and it rarely fails to entertain, but I would have preferred that Torres make two or three films out of these ideas. Cramming them into one narrative doesn’t do any of them justice.
Streaming-wise we have the long-awaited debut of “X-Men ’97,” an animated series that continues that picks up where the ‘90s X-Men cartoon left off. It’s a bit brash, but so was the original series. Just know, you’ll need to have either watched the original series or have a solid working knowledge of the X-Men universe to really understand what is going on. When your entourage has a dozen or more members, a lot is always going on. Just ask Taylor Swift (who is also streaming on Disney+).
Other options include Prime’s “Road House” remake with Jake Gyllenhaal, Netflix’s thriller “3 Body Problem” or their Shirley Chisholm biopic, or Peacock’s Stormy Daniels documentary.
Here are trailers for all of those options and a few more.
Synopsis: The Spengler family returns to where it all started – the iconic New York City firehouse – to team up with the original Ghostbusters, who’ve developed a top-secret research lab to take busting ghosts to the next level. But when the discovery of an ancient artifact unleashes an army of ghosts that casts a death chill upon the city, Ghostbusters new and old must join forces to protect their home and save the world from a second Ice Age. [Full Review]
Synopsis:Alejandro is an aspiring toy designer from El Salvador, struggling to bring his unusual ideas to life in New York City. As time on his work visa runs out, a job assisting an erratic art-world outcast becomes his only hope to stay in the country and realize his dream. From writer/director Julio Torres comes a surreal adventure through the equally treacherous worlds of New York City and the U.S. Immigration system.
Synopsis:October 31, 1977. Johnny Carson's rival Jack Delroy hosts a syndicated late-night talk show ‘Night Owls’ that has long been a trusted companion to insomniacs around the country. A year after the tragic death of Jack’s wife, ratings have plummeted. Desperate to turn his fortunes around, Jack plans a Halloween special like no other, unaware that he is about to unleash evil into the living rooms of America. 
Synopsis: a true underdog story that follows Maxine Simmons (Wiig) as she endeavors to break into Palm Beach high society. As Maxine attempts to cross that impermeable line between the haves and the have-nots, “Palm Royale” asks the same question that still baffles us today: “How much of yourself are you willing to sacrifice to get what someone else has?” Set during the powder keg year of 1969, “Palm Royale” is a testament to every outsider fighting for their chance to truly belong.
Synopsis: From director and producer Sarah Gibson, the Peacock Original documentary Stormy delves into the life and times of Stormy Daniels, as she shares her story and account of events that have become part of American history. Produced by Erin Lee Carr, and executive produced by Judd Apatow, Sara Bernstein and Meredith Kaulfers (Imagine Documentaries), the film takes the audience behind the curtain as Stormy navigates being a mother, an artist, and an advocate working hard to reinvent herself, while still grappling with the bombshell that went off in her life five years earlier.
Synopsis: From Academy and Emmy Award-winning filmmakers E. Chai Vasarhelyi and Jimmy Chin, PHOTOGRAPHER takes us on a journey with the world’s most extraordinary visual storytellers, pairing them with today’s leading documentary filmmakers for an exhilarating and dynamic international adventure. Each hour-long episode follows the story of an iconic photographer — Cristina Mittermeier and Paul Nicklen, Dan Winters, Campbell Addy, Krystle Wright, Muhammed Muheisen, and Anand Varma — while they work to make iconic images that stand the test of time. Through vérité footage of their current mission interwoven with interviews and archived footage, viewers will gain a deeper understanding of each photographer’s process, learn how they became an artist, and discover how they see and experience the world. Eight esteemed directors have masterfully brought each of the photographers’ stories to life: starting with the insightful vision of award-winning duo E. Chai Vasarhelyi and Jimmy Chin (“Free Solo”) to the skilled direction of Marshall Curry (“Racing Dreams”), Pagan Harleman (“The Trade”), Crystal Kayiza (“Rest Stop”), Sam Pollard (“MLK/FBI”), Kristi Jacobson (“Solidarity”) and Rita Baghdadi (“Sirens”), each episode is a collaborative and visually stunning adventure that invites viewers into a captivating world where every frame tells an inspiring and evocative story.
Synopsis: "X-Men '97" revisits the iconic era of the 1990s as The X-Men, a band of mutants who use their uncanny gifts to protect a world that hates and fears them, are challenged like never before, forced to face a dangerous and unexpected new future. First two episodes with new episodes arriving on Wednesdays
Synopsis: Road House stars Jake Gyllenhaal as Dalton, an ex-UFC fighter trying to escape his dark past and his penchant for violence, in this adrenaline-fueled actioner. Dalton is barely scraping by on the reputation that still precedes him when he is spotted by Frankie (Jessica Williams), owner of a roadhouse in the Florida Keys. She hires him to be her new bouncer in hopes of stopping a violent gang, working for crime boss Brandt (Billy Magnussen), from destroying her beloved bar. Even five to one, Brandt’s crew is no match for Dalton’s skills. But the stakes get higher with the arrival of ruthless gun-for-hire, Knox (Conor McGregor). As the brutal brawls and bloodshed escalate, the tropical Keys prove more dangerous than anything Dalton ever faced in the Octagon. Also starring Daniela Melchior, Joaquim De Almeida, Lukas Gage.
Synopsis: A young woman’s fateful decision in 1960s China reverberates across space and time into the present day. When the laws of nature inexplicably unravel before their eyes, a close-knit group of brilliant scientists join forces with an unorthodox detective to confront the greatest threat in humanity’s history.
Synopsis: An isolated man living at the back of a desolate caravan park is visited by a desperate young woman seeking shelter from a violent storm. As the savage storm worsens, these solitary souls begin to feel threatened - but who should really be afraid?
Synopsis: Jina is the top employee at a call center, but despite talking to customers all day, she has shut out the world beyond her headset. When training a friendly new hire, Jina's icy armor is threatened, forcing her to confront why she isolates herself.
Synopsis: One of the most visually striking films of the year, this March, MUBI presents Nigerian filmmaker C.J. 'Fiery' Obasi’s haunting fable, Mami Wata. Inspired by West African folktales, Obasi explores the oceanside village of Iyi, where a mermaid goddess haunts the shores and the people are caught between the past and present as the arrival of a novel virus causes a rupture in the social fabric. The result is a visually stunning and thought-provoking film that explores timeless themes of tradition, faith, and the clash of cultures. Streaming exclusively on MUBI.
Synopsis: SHIRLEY tells the story of the first Black congresswoman and political icon, Shirley Chisholm, and her trailblazing run for president of the U.S. It chronicles her audacious, boundary-breaking 1972 presidential campaign.