Now 
71
 Sun 
68
 Mon 
61
by RAY LEWIS | The National Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TND) — Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., deleted an X post Friday commenting on speculation surrounding the health of Catherine, Princess of Wales, known more commonly as Kate Middleton.
The senator’s post drew a contrast between the importance of his interview and information regarding the princess.
The princess later disclosed tests following her January abdominal surgery revealed cancer, for which she is in the early stages of chemotherapy.
“This of course came as a huge shock, and William and I have been doing everything we can to process and manage this privately for the sake of our young family,” Middletonsaid. “It has taken me time to recover from major surgery in order to start my treatment, but most importantly, it has taken us time to explain everything to George, Charlotte and Louis in a way that is appropriate for them.”
The princess added she was well and shifted her full focus to recovering.
“Having William by my side is a great source of comfort, and reassurance too. As is the love, support and kindness that has been shown by so many of you,” Middleton noted. “We hope that you’ll understand that as a family, we now need some time, space and privacy while I complete my treatment.”
Last week, the princess apologized for a digitally altered photo depicting her smiling with her children. The Associated Press pulled the picture it initially published over manipulated elements.
The image was the first one of the princess shared in approximately two months following her surgery. Conspiracy theories floated through social media in light of Kensington Palace’s initial disclosure Middleton would exit the hospital in no more than two weeks.
“Yeh so basically Kate Middleton hasn’t been seen in months like she’s actually missing,” one X user captioned a meme of Selena Gomez speaking to Taylor Swift. “Word on the conspiracy street is that she’s doing 1 of many things – gone for a BBL, growing out her bangs, lost at the Wonka experience. also she’s possibly banksy.”
Follow Ray Lewis on X for trending national news @rayjlewis or send a tip to rjlewis@sbgtv.com.