When it comes to picking glasses, celebrities certainly have an eye for style.
From Gwyneth Paltrow to Oprah to Billie Eilish, celebrities regularly reach for eye-catching eyewear — and influence trends in the process.
“The ripple effect of celebrities on fashion choices, eyewear included, is a notable driver of consumer buying behavior,”  Dr. Inna Lazar, founder of Greenwich Eye Care, tells Page Six Style.
And while celebrities might be up to their eyes in custom options, many of their favorite glasses are currently available to shop online.
So if you’re setting your sights on fresh frames for 2024, we’ve broken down brands worth adding to your vision board below — plus, expert insights on how to pick the right ones for you.
When it comes to picking the right readers, Lazar recommends first establishing your magnification needs, which “can be determined by your eye doctor during a yearly comprehensive eye exam.”
Next, make sure the glasses “won’t be too tight on the sides of your head,” and the nose bridge looks comfortable. (Hint: “A quality online retailer should provide measurements of frame size,” says Lazar.)
After all, while trends can certainly provide inspiration, the eye care expert recommends prioritizing your own optical needs and personal style at the end of the day.
“Designer names and pricier frames often bring with them an assurance of higher quality materials and craftsmanship, which can translate to durability, comfort, and a refined aesthetic,” she adds. “However, it’s crucial to note that a higher price tag doesn’t necessarily equate to superior functionality.”
Below, shop a selection of the most celebrity-loved eyewear brands.
All eyes were on Gwyneth Paltrow’s glasses during her viral ski trial this fall — but she’s hardly the only star wearing the Metamodernist Scout, which she once called her “most-bought and most-used item” in a Wirecutter interview. 
Brooke Shields, Katie Couric, Matthew McConaughey, Elizabeth Banks and Lauren Graham (to name but a few) are also fans of the fashion-forward label, which describes itself as an “anti-aging brand.”
“I wear these everywhere, and they’re light enough so that they don’t leave a mark on your face, and I think that they just have a good ’70s vibe,” the latter “Gilmore Girls” star told The Strategist in 2023.
Warby Parker’s campaigns have us seeing (Hollywood) stars. The trendy labels teamed up with everyone from Jimmy Fallon to Emma Chamberlain to, most recently, Jemima Kirke.
Reese Witherspoon, Charli D’Amelio and Michelle Pfeiffer also all own pairs, while Oprah once raved, “If you haven’t guessed from my Instagram, I’m crazy about Warby Parker.”
The best part? The brand’s designed to make glasses more accessible, meaning most of the frames ring in at under $150.
Plenty of bespectacled stars swear by Peepers’ budget-friendly readers, including Gayle King, Olivia Culpo, Sonja Morgan and Nene Leakes — the latter of whom once said she purchased them based on Andy Cohen’s recommendation, according to the brand’s Instagram.
Meanwhile, Oprah loves them so much she’s named them to her “Favorite Things” list nearly every year since 2016. “I often pick my glasses to match my outfit, and these specs are terrific … the oversized frame … will flatter most faces,” she wrote of the Take a Bow Blue Light Blocking Reading Glasses in 2022.
With co-founders including Ashley Benson, Jamie Foxx and Hailee Steinfeld, it’s no surprise Privé Riveaux’s glasses have racked up a long list of A-list fans. Taylor Swift sported its specs in her “The Man” video, while Angela Bassett, Tom Holland and Camila Cabello (to name but a few) have all rocked theirs on red carpets.
Despite its Hollywood roots, the brand’s designed with budget-friendliness top of mind; the site has pages of under-$40 options as far as the eye can see. 
No need to go round and round looking for Emily Ratajowski and Gigi Hadid’s circular frames. The models both own Garrett Leight’s classic wire eyewear, while Alan Ruck opted for a bolder pair at the 2024 Golden Globes.
If splurging doesn’t scare you, Oliver Peoples’ luxe offerings are a major hit with famous folks. Jordan Peele and Jennifer Aniston both own its classic pairs, while Billie Eilish wore one of the label’s more delicate designs at the 2024 Golden Globes.
Like many labels on this list. the brand’s also known for its timeless-yet-trendy sunglasses — so be sure to check out our roundup of the best sunglasses if it’s UV protection you’re looking for.