Manage your account
Hollywood's latest "it" couple, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, is packing on the PDA while enjoying the sandy beaches of The Bahamas.
As Taylor is on a break from her Eras Tour, and Travis is in his off-season of football, the couple is enjoying quality time together, including taking a vacation to the Bahamas.
Last week, Taylor and Travis were spotted on the Bahamas’ Harbour Island enjoying private time at the $15K-a-night Rosalita House estate.
The two got close while swimming in crystal-clear water together, as they wrapped their arms around one another and puckered up for some steamy PDA. Taylor, who had a drink in her hand while in the water, had her blonde locks up in a braided ponytail and wore black sunglasses to protect her eyes from the hot sun.
They then sat down in the shallow water and snuggled.
According to the official website, the luxurious Rosalita House was founded on the site of what had been an original cottage owned by NY publishers, built in the early 60’s. Unfortunately, it had been destroyed by Hurricane Andrew.
The architect behind the Rosalita House is Clem Bruns Schaub of Florida, while the inspiration for the design came from the homes designed by Oliver Messel. "Driving the interiors was the desire to have every room open to the outside, so that the indoor and outdoor spaces would merge and blend seamlessly," the website states.
The name of the house was inspired by the Bruce Springsteen song 'Rosalita'.
Rosalita House and Harbour Island offer activities both on-site and around the island.
The island's main features include Pink Sands Beach, Dunmore Town, and some of the finest restaurants in the Bahamas such as The Landing, Queen Conch, Sip-Sip, The Dunmore, and the Rock House.
We wouldn't be shocked if Travis took Taylor out to dinner at some of these fine dining locations.
The 'Red' singer opted for a cheeky yellow bikini, which showed off her toned legs and body. She seemingly went makeup-free for the beach day with her babe.
Travis opted for a pair of blue patterned swim trunks.
After some time splashing around in the water, the couple lay on the beach to get their tan on. According to Page Six, Travis was seen reapplying sunscreen onto Taylor's back.
See the PDA-filled pictures here.
The Bahamas are not the only destination the two will reportedly visit as a source told the US Sun that Travis booked rooms at luxurious hotels in France and Italy for when Taylor will be performing her Eras Tour. He also made reservations at some of the high-class restaurants for them to enjoy on off-days.
“He wants to take her on romantic getaways to have her relax and go discover those nice cities and European romantic places together," the source said.
When Taylor was on her Era's Tour performing in Australia, Travis Kelce flew to watch his girl's concert.
"I got to see two amazing shows of the Eras tour," the Kansas City Chiefs star told his brother on their podcast at the time, before continuing, "The last of the leg that Taylor has until she's back at it here in a couple of months. But yeah outside of that, got to get some lovely Singapore food and just catch the views."
The two allegedly stayed in a $25,000-per-night penthouse suite while in Australia. Yes, you read that correctly -- The NFL star and pop icon booked a luxurious suite that costs of a quarter of $100,000 (AUD) per night.
“The first floor boasts an exquisitely designed, expansive living area, stylishly curated with bespoke furnishings. The kitchen, bar, pool table, and media room are perfect for entertaining, while the dining room comfortably hosts up to 10 people,” the official website states of the suite the two reportedly stayed in.
Adding, “There is also a fully equipped office and butler’s quarters, allowing for completely personalized service, provided for by your private butler.”
It's safe to say the two enjoyed their time in Australia.