Next is selling a more affordable version of Taylor Swift's green Gucci dress she wore at this year's Golden Globes. The US singer walked the red carpet and attended the lavish event wearing a floor-length shimmery gown by the designer, which likely held a price tag of somewhere between $50,000 and $200,000.
However, Next is selling a much cheaper option. Shoppers can buy the Quiz Sequin Ruched Strap Maxi Dress for £100 in shade lime green. Available in sizes six to 16, the maxi dress is ideal for making a statement on a night out.
Describing the dress as "flattering", Next also says the frock will "elongate your silhouette," while the "beautiful green colour will complement any skin tone." The Quiz Sequin Ruched Strap Maxi Dress also features a sweetheart neckline and a slit which starts just above the knee. 
The main differences between the two is that Taylor Swift's did not have a slit and was a slightly darker shade of green. According to People, Swift wore a Gucci gown with pointed Christian Louboutin in a matching metallic green. She paired the dress with a dangly diamond earrings and matching Giuseppe Zanotti platform heels.
Swift attended the ceremony after her concert film Eras was nominated for the Golden Globe for Best Cinematic and Box Office Achievement. The film lost out to Barbie - directed by Greta Gerwig.
On Trustpilot, one customer shared their five star review after shopping at Next. They said: "I bought quite a few items both in store and on line in the January sales. I've been really impressed with the quality of everything I've bought." A second said: "Next...well i have nothing but praise." However, a few had issues with delivery with one customer writing: "Disappointed, items I ordered arrived late".
Fans who are looking for something particularly sparkly to brighten a gloomy January might also like the £100 Quiz Sequin V - Neck Strap Fishtail Maxi Dress. The Quiz Sequin Bardot Ruched Maxi Dress can also be bought from Next for £125. For a cheaper alternative, shoppers might like the Debenhams Glitter Crepe Strappy Maxi Dress for £16. Online shoppers might also enjoy the DALEYZA for £120.