Think of it as an epic reality TV crossover. Former "American Idol" judge Keith Urban has been tapped as "The Voice's" Season 25 mega mentor for the upcoming Knockouts round. The Australian country music superstar will assist Team Chance the Rapper, Team John Legend, Team Reba McEntire and Team Dan + Shay beginning Monday, April 8 on NBC.
Urban is a Grammy-winning, multi-platinum artist and Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame inductee. He appeared as a judge on "American Idol" from Seasons 12 to 15, aka the last four installments on original network Fox. Other notable names to follow a similar "Idol"-to-"Voice" trajectory include Kelly Clarkson and Jennifer Hudson, who appeared as contestants on the former and as coaches on the latter.
While this marks Urban's first appearance on the U.S. version of "The Voice" (other than as a performer in the Season 24 finale), he was a coach on the Australian cycle during the seasons that aired in 2012, 2021 and 2022. So the Aussie entertainer knows a thing or two about the pressures of mentoring aspiring artists from the comfort of a big red chair.
SEE All 20 ‘The Voice’ coaches ranked worst to best
For "The Voice" Season 25, Urban will appear during the Knockouts round, where the contestants are paired up by their coaches and each select their own songs to perform individually. Here is NBC's official statement: "With his deep-seated passion for music, vast performing experience, versatility and musical virtuosity, Urban will provide invaluable advice to the artists alongside the coaches to bolster their unique strengths and elevate their performances. Coaches alone choose the winner from their team to advance to the Playoffs, the last round before the Live Shows. Each coach has one steal in the Knockouts."
Recent mega mentors on "The Voice" include Wynonna Judd, McEntire, Ed Sheeran, Snoop Dogg, Usher, James Taylor and Taylor Swift. Quite an impressive list!
Urban's next album will be released later this year, which will include the singles “Straight Line” and “Messed Up As Me.” To date, he has been nominated for 19 Grammy Awards and won four trophies for "'Til Summer Comes Around," "Sweet Thing," "Stupid Boy" and "You'll Think Of Me." Urban married Nicole Kidman in 2006 and they have two kids together.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media