All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
As she takes a break from touring—and preps to release a new album in a month—Taylor Swift is making time to soak up the sun with her boyfriend, Travis Kelce. (“It's like snow at the beach,weird but fuckin' beautiful, flying in a dream, stars by the pocketful.”)
In new pictures you can see here, Swift, drink in hand, walks on a private beach in the Bahamas with Chiefs tight end Kelce. In dark sunglasses and her hair pulled back into a braided ponytail, Swift is very much off the clock. And her cute bikini proves she's still the same Taylor we've known and loved for years.
For her trip to the shore (and into the water to make out with Trav), Swift chose a yellow striped two-piece from Montce. You can get the Lucy Bikini top in Canary Stripe now, and the Lulu Zig Zag Stitch Bikini Bottom is available for preorder in the color. It also comes in a bunch of other patterns, in case you're not a natural blonde and need something in another hue.
This is…so Red-coded! Swift has pretty much always worn bathing suits that are either polka-dot or striped, save for one black lace bikini during the Calvin Harris days. This cute style in particular is reminiscent of the preppy-meets-vintage vibe of the Red days, showing once again that Taylor's always gonna Taylor.
She's been embracing a light aesthetic lately, leaning into sunny spring. Just after the couple returned from their island getaway, Swift and Kelce stepped out for lunch in Malibu, to which Swift wore a light blue top and a pleated skirt. She completed the outfit with two-toned loafers from Reformation. Honestly, if that doesn't scream classic Taylor Swift, nothing does! (She's got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt.)
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices