Patrick Mahomes jokingly mocked his Kansas City Chiefs teammate, and close friend, Travis Kelce for continuing to play football in his mid-30s. 
The star quarterback, 28, who is six years younger than Taylor Swift’s boyfriend, 34, poked fun at him while accepting the Derrick Thomas Award in Missouri Friday.
When asked about his team signing wide receiver Marquise Brown, the three time Super Bowl champ said he was “impressed” by how “hungry” the 26-year-old has been. 
“Obviously, he wants to do good and everybody wants to do good. But you can tell he wants to be a part of something that’s special, part of greatness,” Mahomes was heard saying in a video posted by Fox 4 KC reporter, PJ Green. 
“We’re trying to build that here and we believe that we’ve started it and we want to continue it. We still have a young team — other than Trav,” he quipped. 
“If we can continue to build this with a lot of people who are hungry and wanna win, we can keep this thing going.”
Kelce is the second oldest player on the Chiefs after long-snapper James Winchester, who was born just two months before the “New Heights” podcast host.
Despite their difference in age, Mahomes and Kelce have forged a strong friendship, and found plenty of success on the field. 
Along with winning three Super Bowls together, the two are planning to open a steakhouse in Kansas City, and previously led a $218 million investment into Formula 1 team, Alpine Racing. 
Their partners — Brittany Mahomes, 28, and Swift, 34 — have also grown close over the past few months. 
The two attended several Chiefs games around the country together last year, and celebrated the team’s recent Super Bowl win at a starry bash in Las Vegas. 
For more Page Six you love…
Brittany, who shares two children with her athlete husband, has even come to her pal’s defense on several occasions. 
She spoke out in January after a clip went viral of a punter shouting at the “Love Story” singer, “You’re ruining football. You ruined football.”
“Let. Them. Know,” Brittany wrote on her Instagram Story, alongside a quote which labelled Swift’s critics as “losers.” 
Swift and Brittany also had a festive double date with their partners on New Years’ Eve. The foursome were seen posing for sweet snaps together at a holiday party in Kansas City.
Advertisement