For Taylor Swift, Reformation’s shoes are a step ahead of the rest.
The 14-time Grammy winner was spotted enjoying a lunch date with boyfriend Travis Kelce in Malibu over the weekend, dressed in a pricey off-duty ensemble that included a $695 Sandy Liang skort and $7,800 Joseph Duclos handbag.
Swift’s choice of footwear — Reformation’s Agathea Chunky Loafer ($268) — was a comparative bargain, and also happened to mark the fifth time the superstar’s stepped out wearing the beloved brand’s shoes.
While the “Cruel Summer” singer opted for a brown-and-white pair of Agatheas, the style’s also available in black, espresso, silver and leopard print (Swift’s pal Gigi Hadid has been spotted sporting the latter version).
These lug-soled shoes aren’t the only Reformation loafers sitting pretty in the songstress’ closet; in October, Swift styled the black Lolita Platform Loafer ($348) with socks, a vintage Kansas City Chiefs sweatshirt and another pleated miniskirt for one of Kelce’s games.
She also owns the (sadly sold-out) Amira Loafer Slingback ($248), which she wore with a floral Free People tank top and high-rise shorts while out and about in NYC last June.
When the weather’s a bit more brisk, Swift reaches for Ref’s knee-high boots.
In September, she dined at Via Carota with Sophie Turner wearing the brown croc-effect Nylah Nappa Knee Boot ($448), along with Reformation’s rust-colored Radlee Knit Dress ($98).
A few months later, she teamed the ruby-hued River Knee Boot ($478) with a Gant shearling jacket, Miu Miu miniskirt and Saint Laurent bag ($2,650) for a night out in NYC with Selena Gomez, Zoë Kravitz and Cara Delevingne.
Of course, Swift’s love for Ref extends far beyond footwear; she’s been spotted in over 40 different styles from the label over the years, from feminine frocks like the velvet version of the Provence Silk Dress ($278) to cozy knits including the Jadey Cashmere Oversized V-neck Sweater ($298).
And she’s far from alone in her Reformation obsession, as the sustainability-focused company’s clothing is a hit with everyone from supermodels to Page Six Style staffers.
Shop a few more Swift-approved fashion finds from the brand below.