Trusted Reviews now has a forum! Join the discussion & win £250! 

Trusted Reviews now has a forum! Join the discussion & win £250! 

Trusted Reviews is supported by its audience. If you purchase through links on our site, we may earn a commission. Learn more.

Ever wanted to show your friend a particularly funny TikTok video, but can’t think of the name so you can search for it? Then you’re in the right place, as we’re going to show you how you can trace old videos by viewing your watch history. 
Opening up your TikTok watch history isn’t just useful for tracking down previously watched videos, but it’s also handy for deleting videos you don’t want people to see. 
For example, you may have been doing some research on Christmas presents, and want to keep it a surprise for your loved ones. Or maybe you just don’t want people you’ve been watching how to dance to the latest Taylor Swift single. 
Whatever your reasoning, we’ve created this step-by-step guide to show you can view your watch history on Tik right away. And scroll down to the Troubleshooting section to learn how to delete specific videos in your watch history. 
We’ll be using screenshots from the iOS app, but you can also view your watch history on the Android app. 
To do this, tap Profile in the bottom-right corner. 
This can be found in the top-right corner of the screen. 
This will take you to your account settings. 
Here you can find all your recently viewed videos and delete your history. 
To remove a specific video from your watch history, follow the steps above to go to your watch history. Then tap Select, tap on the video you want to remove and hit Delete. 
To delete all videos from your history, just follow the steps above to see your watch history and tap Select. Then, check Select All Watch History before pressing Delete. 
Yes, TikTok stores each video in your watch history for 180 days. 

                Formerly the Staff Writer at Stuff Magazine, Ryan's been writing about tech since he graduated from Cardiff University. At Trusted Reviews he is focused on everything computer-related, giving him a valid excuse to spend working hours playing through his Steam library.            
Founded in 2003, Trusted Reviews exists to give our readers thorough, unbiased and independent advice on what to buy.
Today, we have millions of users a month from around the world, and assess more than 1,000 products a year.
Editorial independence means being able to give an unbiased verdict about a product or company, with the avoidance of conflicts of interest. To ensure this is possible, every member of the editorial staff follows a clear code of conduct.
We also expect our journalists to follow clear ethical standards in their work. Our staff members must strive for honesty and accuracy in everything they do. We follow the IPSO Editors’ code of practice to underpin these standards.

					Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.