Manage your account
Even though Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are not in the Bahamas anymore, we’re still gathering details about their fabulous tropical getaway.
The couple du jour were photographed by nosy paps looking way more than cozy in the water last Thursday in Harbour Island, northeast of Eleuthera and about 220 miles from Miami.
The pop star and tight end, who were also pictured walking arm in arm in bathing suits on the beach, reportedly stayed at a “palatial” villa called Rosalita House.
What makes this spot so romantic and perfect for this famous duo?
“Situated at the end of a small laneway, nestled on two sides into a hillside and commanding a 25 foot high dune along its beachfront, Rosalita offers its guests complete privacy,” reads the website for the vacation home, where it can run you up to $15,000 a night.
OK, so you may never be able to afford to lay your head there, at least in this lifetime. But Swifties can live vicariously through their fave singer through fashion. Mere mortals can rock the canary yellow bikini she was wearing in the photographs and the whole getup will only set you back about $200. The Montce bikini top is called Lucy and will cost you $143, and the bottom, Lulu, $94.
“Couldn’t be more excited to wake up this morning to see Taylor in Montce,” the brand’s designer Alexandra Grief told Page Six Style. “She looks amazing.”
As for where Swift and Kelce woke up Monday morning, we don’t know. They were last pap snapped Sunday in Malibu, California, on a cute lunch date by the water. But the way these two have logged miles throughout their relationship, it’s anyone’s guess.
Kelce is in his offseason with the Kansas City Chiefs and training camp doesn’t start back up again until late July.
Swift is set to debut her next album, “The Tortured Poets Department,” on April 19, and her Eras tour resumes May 9 in Paris so he can definitely meet up with the “Karma” hitmaker in the City of Light, arguably the most romantic city on earth.
Sixty-nine concert dates remain on Eras, including a local stop in Miami Gardens at Hard Rock Stadium Oct. 18-20.