The singer continues to champion the controversial bottoms 
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Taylor Swift put a springtime spin on her preppy style for a sunny lunch date with beau Travis Kelce this weekend.
The fit was composed of a fuzzy sky-blue sweater from Khaite tucked into a beige pleated miniskort held together by a single brown button on one side. Swift wore the mini sans her usual tights and boots, instead keeping it luxe-casual in a pair of tan and white loafers—also a favorite footwear of hers.
She continued the color scheme with her accessories, carrying a brown leather crossbody bag with golden hardware, and adding on beige-and-black tortoiseshell sunglasses, a gold necklace with a front clasp, and small gold hoop earrings. Her hair was down in loose waves, and she wore her signature red lip.
The “Karma” singer was seen walking hand in hand with Kelce around Malibu before they enjoyed a bite at Nobu together. The Kansas City Chiefs tight end coordinated with his girlfriend for the day out, looking cool in a beige long-sleeved shirt, black sweatpants, and black Nike sneakers. He accessorized with a white trucker hat and gold jewelry, including a small hoop earring, a chain bracelet, and a watch.
Swift’s ensemble for the day comes after she spent all last summer championing the return of the skort—a controversial bottom most often seen on young schoolgirls as part of their uniforms. The pop star somehow made the nostalgic style look cool and effortless on a day out in New York City by pairing a light blue iteration with statement Mary Jane loafers from G.H. Bass. On  another occasion, she wore a light blue pleated miniskirt layered under an oversize striped dress shirt—an outfit she capped with a baseball hat for a sporty twist.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.