The couple wasn't afraid to be spotted on their latest outing.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are still in the honeymoon phase.
The happy couple is back in the United States and was spotted at lunch in Malibu on Sunday. The California sighting comes after the pair spent a few days relaxing in the Bahamas.
As TMZ points out, Taylor and Travis chose a balcony seat for their Nobu lunch date, meaning they must have been fine with having their photos taken. Taylor is known for being secretive about her relationships when she wants to be—and public about them when she doesn't. So the couple's choice to chow down on sushi in full view of the world probably isn't a coincidence.
A post shared by Susannah
A photo posted by susannahlowke on 
Of course, Taylor is plenty busy with her Eras Tour, which is resuming in May, as well as with her upcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department, out April 19. But she and the Kansas City Chiefs tight end are still finding time for each other amid the hustle and bustle of their careers.
"It was a much-needed break for both of them. They very much enjoyed it," a source close to the couple told People of their Bahamas getaway. "They are so happy together." 
If anyone needs a romantic vacation, it's these two—and it sounds like the beach trip only brought these lovebirds closer together.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Meghan is a freelance news writer at Marie Claire. Her work has also appeared in Bustle, Refinery29, Popsugar, and other outlets. When she isn't writing, Meghan runs a community for plus-size people in the Raleigh-Durham area of North Carolina.

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


The "Blank Space" singer was nowhere to be seen.


Mr. Perfectly Fine has responded to "Mr. Perfectly Fine".


She's supposedly the "megacelebrity friend" in Baldoni's lawsuit.


Abrams opened for Swift during the Eras Tour.


Sorry, Olympia. You'll have to get that autograph next time.


...and then removed it.


It was hidden in *checks notes* an interview with a Swedish DJ.


Their relationship has shifted over time.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.