Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce jetted off to the Bahamas for a romantic getaway where they stayed at the luxurious Rosalita House on Harbour Island. 
The lavish oceanside mansion — where Kylie Jenner once stayed in 2020 — reportedly costs a staggering $15,000 a night to rent out and comes with no shortage of amenities. 
The private villa that sleeps 12 people features six bedrooms, a pool, multiple terraces, stunning gardens, a gym and more. 
“Rosalita is a stunning, palatial, beachfront villa in Harbour Island, a paradisal strip of beach northeast of Eleuthera, where cars are forbidden and the sands are pink,” the website states. 
Nestled on a hillside shielded by a 25-foot dune, the estate offered the “Cruel Summer” singer and the NFL star “complete privacy.” 
The accommodations include a personal chef and sous chef, a house manager, three butlers, three housekeepers, three gardeners/beach maintenance workers and a security guard in the evenings. 
The pop star and the Kansas City Chiefs tight end had everything they needed for their tropical stay.
The home’s kitchen is fully equipped with chef-grade appliances that compliment its coastal-contemporary features including white cabinetry, exposed beam ceilings and iridescent-tiled walls. The pantry is fully stocked with “staples and spices” and the chefs prepare lunch and dinner using the onsite vegetable garden. 
Food can also be prepared in the pizza oven, charcoal grill, or gas grill, depending on the day’s cuisine and guests have the option to dine indoors or outside. 
“A light buffet breakfast to be enjoyed at your leisure, which can consist of overnight oats, toast, fruit, hard boiled eggs and a selection of jams placed on the kitchen island from 7 a.m. until 10 a.m., prepared by our staff,” the website states, adding that lunch is typically served “family-style” by the pool.
Meanwhile, pre-dinner cocktails are served in the evenings and guests have the option for a formal plated meal. 
The grand living space is fitted with beach decor matching multiple plush seating areas overlooking a spanning terrace overlooking the ocean. 
The private fitness center has a Peloton, a weight-training station, yoga mats and floor-to-ceiling mirrors. According to the website, the house manager can arrange on-site personal training and private yoga and pilates classes. 
The main house has five bedrooms, four of which have king-sized beds, while the Palm Cottage guest house has an additional suite with a king bed. Each bedroom have ensuite bathrooms. 
For more Page Six you love…
“The décor of the rooms is simply beautiful, with sumptuous bedding and furnishings,” the website states. “Both the master and guesthouse suites have private terraces with stunning views, while the other rooms have private entrances from the veranda or garden.”
The primary bedroom has a special canopy bed as well as two separate bathrooms each with their own dressing area, as well as a shared outdoor shower. 
The additional rooms are stylishly decorated, one of which is adorned with Slim Aarons photography while another boasts decor inspired by the wild chickens found on the island. 
The grounds of the property are impeccably maintained with flourishing gardens that provide both shade and seclusion. 
Lush greenery surrounds the entrance of the home, while beautiful flowers encircle the lounge areas and cabanas along the pool. The backyard veranda also has a pool bar, backgammon table, checkerboard, and shuffleboard table.  
A private stairway leads to the secluded beach where guests can enjoy a large selection of watersports including paddleboarding, kayaking, beach biking, snorkeling, volleyball and more. 
Swift and Kelce, who started dating last summer, were spotted showing lots of PDA while swimming in the clear blue waves along the shoreline. 
Advertisement