She wore an itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow striped bikini.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are both enjoying some time off from work together, and were spotted soaking up the sun in the Bahamas on Thursday.
The “Karma” singer, 34, who is on a brief break from her Eras Tour, enjoyed a PDA-packed dip in the surf and a stroll on the sand alongside her boyfriend while wearing a Montce bikini top ($143) and bottom ($94) in the brand’s Canary Stripe colorway — which is currently available for preorder.
“Couldn’t be more excited to wake up this morning to see Taylor in Montce. She looks amazing in the bikini,” the brand’s owner and designer, Alexandra Grief, tells Page Six Style.
“She’s wearing our go-to Lulu bottom — a super versatile and flattering bottom that can be worn high on the leg for maximum flattery — and the Lucy top, a great-fitting underwire style for all sizes that features an adjustable tie-up detail in the front that can be used to add more support, or just for the cute bow.”
Montce’s suits have also been spotted on Sydney Sweeney, Shay Mitchell and Olivia Culpo, the latter of whom just debuted a collaboration with the brand.
And should yellow not be your color preference, Swift’s top and bottom are available in several other colors and patterns.
Kelce, 34, also opted for printed swimwear while splashing around in the clear blue Bahamian water, sporting blue shibori-inspired tie-dye trunks.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end is certainly due for a relaxing vacation after winning the 2024 Super Bowl last month — and traveling around the world to watch his girlfriend perform in both Australia and Singapore.
The couple weren’t shy about showing off their love on the shore; the pair were snapped holding hands in the water, walking arm in arm and kissing on the beach while enjoying some beverages.
They dried off with yellow towels and laid out in the sun next to each other on a seemingly private beach.
Kelce recently fueled engagement rumors — and even hinted at wanting a baby — on his podcast, “New Heights,” earlier this week.
He joked with brother Jason Kelce about lab-grown diamonds and lab-grown humans, although the Philadelphia Eagles quickly dismissed his statements as “fueling conspiracy theorists.”
Travis and Taylor’s vacation follows their quick trip to Los Angeles to attend Madonna’s high-security Oscars party, and precedes Swift’s return to the stage in May and Kelce’s summer training camp sessions in July.
Seems both will be returning to work with a tan.