There are bands you may not like, but one Reddit user put some serious dedication into coming up with 200 bands they'd listen to before Puddle of Mudd.
Admittedly, the author of the list later revealed in the comments, "This is mostly a joke. I don’t hate them as much as my post would suggest. Although they won’t be making any of my playlists anytime soon," but the dissecting of their list was already underway.
It was a wide-ranging grouping of acts that received mention, spanning from early rock pioneers and classic rock artists through more modern indie, alt-rock and metal subgenre acts.
Early rock pioneers such as Elvis Presley and Buddy Holly made the list. So did '60s superstars The Beatles, Jimi Hendrix and The Rolling Stones. There was love for modern pop stars such as Olivia Rodrigo and Taylor Swift and deeper dives with such less obvious acts as Snail Mail, Marietta, Merchant Ships, Turnover, Skeggs, Bodyjar and more. And that's just a sampling of the 200 acts listed, with the full list accounted for in the Reddit thread.
One of the more common discussions in the thread concerned Buckcherry, with the author revealing he actually made a mistake.
"You lost me at Buckcherry lol," replied one commenter, with the author responding, "Haha, it's supposed to be Buckethead." Later, another person argued that "at least [Puddle of Mudd] are better than Buckcherry or Trapt."
Yet another person chimed in on Buckcherry noting, "Don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the effort put into this list.. but buck cherry before puddle of mudd……. Hate to be that guy but they’re way better than buckcherrry. if I hear 'crazy bitch' one more time, I’m one step closer to committing great crimes against the United States government."
As with anytime someone makes a list, there's always additions that people are vocal about. One person was especially vocal about the band Socialburn that they felt was a "better version of Puddle of Mudd."
Elsewhere, fans picked out some glaring omissions.
Not all the comments were bagging on Puddle of Mudd. In fact, you could say that there were a few who would "come clean" about their appreciation for the Wes Scantlin-led band (or at least some of their works).
READ MORE: The 66 Best Rock Songs of the 2000s (2000-2009)
See what else made the list and more of the commentary in the NuMetal Reddit thread.
Gallery Credit: Chad Childers, Loudwire