El Paso has a reputation for incredible live music and the bands that call our city home are proof that local music is alive and kicking ass! Check out these 5 El Paso musicians who will have you craving more of their unique sounds!
If you're into soulful modern country with a folk twist, Josh Marin will absolutely leave you begging for more of his unique southern style. Even if you aren't a fan of the genre, Josh's energy on stage will make you a fan! Josh not only covers some heartfelt modern country hits like “Feathered Indians” by Tyler Childers and classic reggae ska jams like “What I Got” by Sublime, he also writes beautiful original music with his unique style of soul and twang that melts your heart and gets you riled up all at the same time!
@gunnerfrog
Jordan Taylor has got to be one of the hardest working musicians in the city, if you're a fan of that classic lounge music style, you have to check out Jordan Taylor. You can find her at some of her regular spots Downtown like the elegant 1922 Bar or the Hemingway themed patio bar, Papa Doble in 5 points. When Jordan isn't crooning in the speakeasy lounges, you can hire her through Part Of Your World Entertainment to sing at your next event or birthday party as Disney Princess Jasmine from Aladdin! She has a smooth, classic vibe that goes best with a fancy outfit and a glass of scotch on the rocks, but don't be fooled, she makes pop music that should be played on the radio just as much as we play Taylor Swift. Check out her music on Spotify!
@jordanntaaylor
Pau is a young musician who is just starting out but who absolutely deserves your attention. An absolutely gifted singer and songwriter with a talent for guitar, Pau has already released her first EP on all streaming platforms, Gloomy Luv. A neo-soul, R&B vibe with that El Paso flavor. Pau isn't just a singer though, she's also a busy and dedicated activist who helps lead Project Amanecer in her free time, a climate change activist group making big changes here in El Paso. 
@paulignz
Aztec Caves is one of the most unique sounds on this list. If you're looking for something with a more electronic and ambient sound like Tame Impala, then you need to see what Aztec Caves is cooking up for you! Aztecs music is melodic and powerful, combining his talent for the keyboard with an incredible vocal range, this singer's original music will leave you floored. Aztec Caves has performed in so many places all over El Paso and outside the city, but still does open mic nights whenever he can. Lending his musical insight to new musicians still working on their craft. Aztec also has tons of music on all streaming platforms so be sure to check his stuff out HERE!
@aztec_caves
Jamal Streeter is one of the most popular local hip hop stars in El Paso, the list is big but Jamal Streeter is iconic for his style, stage presence, and his original hit music. When Jamal Streeter takes the stage, the entire place is filled with a vibe that changes and flows with the pace of each song. Some fast paced and in your face, some with that chill, slow vibe that good modern R&B delivers. Jamal Streeter is a must see El Paso musician and a popular name among the local artists. Go listen to this artist, if you love hip-hop, you're going to love this. 
@jamalstreeter
Don't miss out on these incredible local performers! El Paso is filled with talent, you just gotta go out there and find it!!