From 2018 to wedding rumours
Celeb couples come in all forms - from the super open, to those who prefer to remain more private. Falling into the latter group: actors Robert Pattinson and Suki Waterhouse, who've always kept things under wraps. 
Finally, after four years of dating, the pair made their red carpet debut in 2023, and have since gone on to welcome their first child together.  
But where did it all begin? (And why have we hardly seen anything from these two before?!) Here's a look back at their relationship timeline in full, starting with the most recent update...
 January 2024 - Rob and Suki are hit by wedding rumours
Someone hold the phone! The actor and singer are reportedly married, after rumours report they secretly tied the knot over New Year's. This is honestly adorable.
The couple, who have been linked since 2018, got engaged in December 2023 and welcomed their first child last spring. Now, an insider tip at DeuxMoi shares they got married in the Caribbean on New Year's Eve, which an unverified submission reading: "Robert Pattinson and Suki Waterhouse got married at NYE at the Caribbean resort I work at!!! They were so cute and sweet, their baby was there in a gorgeous little bridesmaids dress."
The insider added that "their family was there as well" and it was "such a cute wedding."
So far, we haven't heard anything from the couple, so we'll be taking this with a pinch of salt.
And here's where it all began... 
July 2018 - Robert and Suki are first linked
Robert and Suki were linked for the first time back in July 2018, when they were pictured kissing after watching Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again together (dream date, TBH). 
Photos published by E! News were accompanied by an eyewitness revealing, "Along the way, they were very close and cuddled and kissed many times."  The source added, "Robert was very affectionate to her and had his arm around her the whole way and Suki reciprocated by holding his hand and kissing it."
December 2018 to January 2019 - The pair are pictured together on various occasions
More pics surface of these two hanging out, this time leaving a Christmas party together in photos published by the Daily Mail.
Then, in January, there's more of the same, with the pair pictured holding hands in London together. 
April 2019 - Robert kind of talks about his relationship
By this point, we're used to these two remaining pretty low key - so it's no surprise that Robert isn't keen to discuss his relationship in a Sunday Times interview. 
Asked about Suki, Robert answered, “Do I have to?” He went on: 
June 2019 - Robert and Suki apparently double date with Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn
One thing we love more than celebrity couples is celeb couple crossovers. Exhibit A: Robert and Suki going on a double date with none other than Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn, apparently. 
The two couples reportedly hung out at the San Vicente Bungalows in West Hollywood, with a source telling Us Weekly at the time that they "were laughing and talking" all night. Cute! Err, can we be a fly on the wall please? 
17 January 2020 - The couple make a rare appearance together at Paris Fashion Week
While these two have been papped together on various occasions, January 2020 saw them making a rare public appearance together at Paris Fashion Week. The pair sat down at the Dior Perfume Dinner, pictured talking with Condé Nast Board Chairman Jonathan Newhouse.
Engagement rumours also surfaced at the time, thanks to the fact that Suki was seen wearing a ring on her left-hand ring finger, though nothing has been confirmed. 
See how they look at each other! 
October 2020 - A source says the couple have "discussed getting engaged"
Two years into their relationship, a source reveals that, "Rob and Suki have definitely discussed getting engaged but are in no rush," [via E! News]. 
The insider adds,  "They are a really good match. They have both been spending time in the U.K. together during this last year and their relationship is stronger than ever."
8 February 2022 - Robert casually refers to Suki as his "girlfriend"
Sharing a story about getting his boiler fixed, Robert calls Suki his "girlfriend", telling GQ, "The guy came around the other day, and he just randomly started talking about what a DC fan he is. 
"And I’m sitting there facing the other direction, and my girlfriend just keeps continuing the conversation with him. And I’m looking at her like: Shut the fuck up! Why are you doing this to me? She was very entertaining. Just talking to an obsessive fan."
Who else loves picturing these two out in the normal world?
17 February 2022 - Robert gushes about Suki on TV 
Promoting his 2022 Batman film, Robert shared the sweetest anecdote about Suki during his Jimmy Kimmel Live appearance. 
He told host Jimmy, "It was really [Suki's] reaction that kind of changed the entire thing because I'm pretty sure she's not normally into watching superhero movies.
"And just seeing that it was capturing her attention the entire time and then she held my hand and touched it [to her face] and I could feel a little tear. And I was like, 'No way!'"
These two ❤️. 
3 December 2022 - Robert and Suki make their red carpet debut
The pair stepped out at the Dior Men Fall 2023 show in Giza, Egypt, together - sat side-by-side on the FROW, and posing with their arms around one another on the red carpet. Pics see these two giggling as they hold hands while they sit by the catwalk. We're obsessed.
February 2023 - Suki makes the most open comment about their relationship to date
In what feels like the biggest insight into their relationship so far, Suki tells The Times she still feels a major spark when she spends time with Rob. "
"I had two days off the other day, and it was like, no question I’m going back to see him. Then he’ll come out for a couple of days. I’m shocked that I’m so happy with someone for nearly five years.”
She continues, "I’m always incredibly excited when I see his name pop up [on my phone] or even a text, and I think he feels the same about me. We’ve always got so much to say, and I find him hilarious."
May 2023 - The pair walk the red carpet together at the Met Gala
Um, hello, most stylish couple of all time? Suki and R-Pattz make waves on the Met Gala red carpet, where the theme was celebrating 'Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty':
October 2023 - They attend another event together
Wow, what is it with all of these public appearances?! This time, the pair looked dapper at GO Campaign's Annual Gala 2023, where Rob wore a black sleek suit, and Suki wore a wine coloured sheer dress. Love.
November 2023 - Suki confirms she's pregnant and expecting their first baby! 
Daisy Jones And The Six star Suki Waterhouse confirmed she and Robert Pattinson are expecting their first child together! Sorry but are they the coolest parents to be or what?
At a gig in November 2023, 31-year-old Suki took to the stage wearing an incredible sequinned dress with a fluffy jacket over the top, and told the crowd, "I thought I'd wear something sparkly today to distract you from something else I've got going on,", before motioning towards her stomach. "I’m not sure if it’s working," she joked. 
December 2023 - More reports claim the couple are engaged
After Suki was photographed with an impressive diamond ring on her engagement finger, a source told PEOPLE, "They are engaged. They both want to be married. It’s important for them."
March 2024 - The pair have welcomed their first child together
Daily Mail photographs suggest Rob and Suki are officially parents. The pair were papped talking a walk alongside a stroller, seemingly confirming they have welcomed their first child, though the couple are yet to share any news of name or gender.
April 2024 - Suki shares the first photo of their newborn
Ugh, absolutely obsessed. Suki just shared the first photo of her baby with Robert Pattinson, and she looks absolutely gorgeous. "welcome to the world angel ❤️" she wrote alongside a selfie, where she's seen cradling their newborn.
Fans and celebrity pals alike filled the comments with love. Georgia May Jagger wrote, "💜💜💜💜💜 love you soo much x" while Paris Hilton added, "Congratulations love! So happy for you both!🥰" Halsey continued, "ROCKSTAR MOM!" while Tanya Burr added, "Congratulations!! So happy for you xx"
April 2024 - Suki reveals the gender of her and Robert Pattinson's baby
Suki Waterhouse took to the stage at Coachella festival on 12th April 2024, and shared some very happy news with the audience. While praising the brilliant women taking to the stage over the weekend, she said: "I don't know if some of you know, but I had some big life changes happen recently, some pretty big events have been going down.
"I love amazing ladies, and I've been very lucky to have my own little amazing lady and meet the love of my life."
Girl parents!
September 2024 - Suki shares what Rob is like as a dad
"I would say I change more diapers, but diaper changing—he really excels at it and enjoys it," she told the Today show. "He thinks it's fun." Speaking about motherhood, she added, It's just that love, just completely and utterly besotted. I didn't know that it would be this good."
October 2024 - The pair attend a polo event
New parents alert! Mum and dad are on a little night out at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic in California, and wow do they look stylish: 
December 2024 - Rob opens up about the first time he met Suki
Speaking to The New York Times, the actor revealed how he first met now fiancée Suki - at a house party in 2018.
"She was sitting opposite me," Rob shared, explaining that they were playing a card game with Javier Bardem, Penélope Cruz, Al Pacino and other actors. Just a casual line up then.
"Suki and I kept making each other laugh, to the point where someone told us we weren’t taking the game seriously enough. That was a very, very sweet moment."
Absolutely ADORABLE.
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.