Australian police confirmed on Tuesday that no charges will be filed against Taylor Swift's father, Scott Swift, despite a photographer's complaint that Swift's father attacked him during a paparazzi encounter last month.
New South Wales Police Force confirmed to TMZ that officers attached to North Shore Police Area Command have launched an investigation following a report of an assault at Neutral Bay Wharf at about 2:30 am on Tuesday, February 27, 2024.
Photographer Ben McDonald filed a complaint on February 26, claiming that Scott had touched him inappropriately after the Swifts' group disembarked from a yacht. At the time, the superstar was in the country for 'Eras Tour' performances in Sydney and Melbourne.
According to the photographer's account in the Daily Mail, McDonald insisted that an umbrella be placed in his face to stop him from taking pictures, and Scott went one step further by "charging" at him.
Police said that they were called to look into an alleged assault after a 71-year-old man allegedly attacked a 51-year-old man at Neutral Bay Wharf. The younger man reported the incident, and investigations are underway by the officers attached to North Shore Police Area Command.
However, the man did not require medical treatment.
At the time, the singer's representative said that the two were aggressively pushing themselves toward Swift, holding at her security staff and threatening to toss the female staff member into the water.
The probe yielded insufficient evidence for further investigation, and no other details were disclosed.
Read Also :
Indonesian Insurtech Firm Qoala Raises $47 Million Funding With PayPal for AI-Powered Transformation, Regional Expansion
Taylor Swift has set a new record with the debut of her 'Eras Tour' concert film on Disney+.
The company has reported that in its first three days of release on Disney+, 'Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version)' had 4.6 million views, making it the most popular music video ever on the platform. This past weekend, Swifties viewed 16.2 million hours of the popular three-and-a-half-hour concert film on Disney+.
Disney+ defines a "view" as total stream time divided by runtime.
Disney+ launched 'The Eras Tour' worldwide on Thursday, March 14, at 6:00 pm. Last August, the movie was filmed at the first three LA shows of the 'Eras tour.'
It has been expanded to include five bonus songs: 'Cardigan,' from 'Folklore,' and four acoustic songs: 'Death by a Thousand Cuts,' 'Maroon,' 'You Are in Love,' and 'I Can See You.' These four songs, along with 'Our Song' and 'You're on Your Own Kid,' are included in the 26-minute Acoustic Collection extra.
Furthermore, Disney+ now offers Swift's 'Folklore: The Long Pond Studio Sessions,' 'Elton John: Farewell From Dodger Stadium,' 'Black Is King: A Film by Beyoncé,' and 'The Beatles: Get Back' among other music movies and specials.
Related Article :
Taylor Swift's Dad Accused of Punching Photographer in Australia