By BRIAN MARKS and DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:59, 27 March 2024   |  Updated:  07:50, 27 March 2024   
 26
View  comments
She showcased her supermodel legs when her cover photo for Remix was unveiled earlier this week.
And Cindy Crawford had even more stunning looks to display for the March edition of the magazine.
The 58-year-old catwalk star highlighted a bevy of haute couture looks from high-profile designers and fashion houses including Oscar De La Renta, Tommy Hilfiger, Prada, Gucci and more in a photo shoot conducted near Miami.
Cindy was photographed at a private beach and surrounding areas trying out colorful new looks, including a stunning off-the-shoulder gown decorated with colorful beads that glimmered in the light.
The look showcased her toned arms, while the dress emphasized her hourglass figure. 
Cindy Crawford, 58, looked years younger than her age in stunning fashion photos for Remix's March issue. She glowed in a beaded Oscar De La Renta off-the-shoulder mermaid dress
The supermodel showed off some preppy-chic style with a white sweater dress from Tommy Hilfiger that highlighted her long legs
The dress, which had a flared mermaid-style skirt, shifted from mustard yellow over her bust to mauve to a deep purple as skirt pooled on the sand.
The brunette beauty perfectly complemented the dress with her long caramel-colored locks, which were parted down the middle and feathered for a classic look.
She contrasted the glamorous outfit with a white Tommy Hilfiger sweater dress that was a perfect fit for the beach.
The ribbed outfit highlighted her cleavage with its plunging top, and it buttoned up over her midriff, leaving a sky-high slit to showcased her long legs.
The simple dress got a modest bit of color thanks to navy and burgundy strips at the bottom. 
That shot was done against a surprising black backdrop erected on the sand, but the shoot also featured more typical seaside photos, including a playful image of Cindy hugging a palm tree.
The mother of Kaia Gerber stuck to a casual yet steamy look with a black lace mini dress from Coach.
The outfit featured sheer lacy straps that dropped down across her upper arms, and it featured more lace designs on its modest skirt.
The mother of Kaia Gerber stuck to a casual yet steamy look with a black lace mini dress from Coach as she playfully hugged a palm tree on the beach near Miami
Cindy put a sexy spin on business attire with a gray pinstripe Prada suit. She wore the jacket with '80s-style rolled-up sleeves, and it was paired with matching mini shorts
Cindy put a sexy spin on business attire with a gray pinstripe Prada suit.
She was seemingly topless under the jacket, which she wore with '80s-style rolled-up sleeves, and she opted for a set of matching gray mini shorts 
For the shoots cover image, the iconic beauty posed pantless in an oversize maroon jacket with cuffed sleeves from Gucci.
As she sat on a boat dock with one foot dipped into the ocean, the mother-of-two flashed her famous smile as her wavy brunette locks cascaded past her back. 
While on set, she was described as a 'master at work' in front of the camera, despite confessing that she still 'hasn’t nailed the selfie.' 
Renowned photographer Joseph Montezinos, who has exhibited his work in galleries around the world, was responsible for capturing the moment while Kristen Ingersoll styled Crawford.
Remix teased that during the interview inside, the supermodel spoken on complex topics, such as 'the female space explorer Kellie Gerardi redefining gender roles (while wearing Taylor Swift Eras tour bracelets in space).' 
This marks her first magazine cover since turning 58 on February 20. 
On her birthday, she was flooded with sweet messages and tributes, including one from her husband Rande Gerber, who lovingly described her as his 'crazy fun hot wife.' 
In January, she appeared on Harper’s BAZAAR Singapore for the fourth time. 
Cindy showcased her supermodel legs for Remix's March cover, which was shot at a private beach outside of Miami
This marks her first magazine cover since turning 58 last month 
Last year, alongside Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Christy Turlington, Crawford appeared in a four-part docuseries focused on the top models of the 1990s. 
The series was directed by Academy Award winner Roger Ross Williams and Larissa Bills, while it was executive produced by Brian Grazer and Ron Howard’s Imagine Documentaries.
The series premiered on September 20.
The logline for the series read, 'The Supermodels travels back to the 1980s, when four women from different corners of the world united in New York.
'Already forces in their own right, the gravitas they achieved by coming together transcended the industry itself.
'Their prestige was so extraordinary that it enabled the four to supersede the brands they showcased, making the names Naomi, Cindy, Linda and Christy as prominent as the designers who styled them.
'Today, the four supermodels remain on the frontlines of culture through activism, philanthropy and business prowess.
'As the fashion industry continues to redefine itself – and women’s roles within it – this is the ultimate story of power and how four women came together to claim it, paving the way for those to follow.'
On her birthday, she was flooded with sweet messages and tributes, including one from her husband, who described his longtime love as his 'crazy fun hot wife'
In 2020, the ladies opened up about the show.
Speaking about her new venture, Naomi told MailOnline: 'My sisters Christy, Linda, Cindy and I are extremely thrilled to share our story with the world and there could be no better partners than Brian Grazer and Ron Howard which is a dream come true to bring it to life, as we knew they would respect and honor our story.
'We hope our journey seen in the docuseries will encourage, motivate and inspire young people around the world. We look forward to this great adventure ahead with director Barbara Kopple.'
Cindy wrote on her Instagram page: 'I’m excited to reunite with my friends to both celebrate and examine the way supermodels transcended the traditional perceptions and limits of modeling in the fashion industry through time.
'With the support of Imagine Documentaries and Academy Award-winning director Barbara Kopple, we plan to explore the dynamic personalities, and shifts in media and culture that helped shape and define this iconic era.'
The Supermodels will take fans back to the 1980s at the start of their modelling careers and document how the four women came together from across the globe and collectively achieved a notoriety that transcended throughout the industry.
The four-part series will also examine the ladies work today, in not only the fashion industry, but activism, philanthropy and business, and how the quartet have blazed a path for the next generation.
Linda said of the series: 'To finally have the opportunity to tell our story in collaboration with the brilliant team at Imagine, and under the direction of Barbara Kopple, is as exciting for us as we hope it will be for viewers.
'I would love for people to see this as a celebration of not only our individual stories, but also to the power of friendship, dreams and perseverance.'
While Christy added: ' I am looking forward to looking back on this unprecedented time in fashion with these incredible women whom I have grown up with.'
Originally from south London, Naomi established herself among the top three most recognizable and in-demand models of the late 1980s.
Just before she turned 16, she was on the cover of British Elle and in 1987, she became British Vogue's first black cover girl since 1966.
Meanwhile Cindy is said to have featured on around 500 magazine covers and walked for shows including Chanel, Dolce & Gabbana, Christian Dior, DKNY, and previously, Valentino.
Last year, alongside Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Christy Turlington, Crawford appeared in a four-part docuseries focused on the top models of the 1990s (seen in 1991)
The ladies, alongside fellow super models Claudia Schiffer, Helen Christensen and Carla Bruni reunited on the catwalk in 2017 for the Versace SS18 show at Milan Fashion Week.
Showing the young guns how it was done, fashion's golden girls brought the show to a stunning climax, after it was opened by Kendall Jenner and model sisters Bella and Gigi Hadid.
The Nineties supermodels walked designer Donatella Versace down the runway to rapturous applause as they paid tribute to her late designer brother Gianni Versace, who was killed in 1997.
On the 20th anniversary of his death, it was a fitting tribute to a man with whom each of the women worked personally during their modeling days. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group