Taylor Swift’s father will not face police charges over accusations he punched a photographer in Australia.
Photographer Ben McDonald told police that Scott Swift struck him in the face at Neutral Bay Wharf in Sydney on February 27, hours after his pop star daughter’s Australian tour had ended.
Following a month-long investigation, New South Wales police have confirmed no further action would be taken.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
A statement given to the PA news agency said: “Officers attached to North Shore Police Area Command have conducted an investigation following a report of an assault at Neutral Bay Wharf about 2.30am on Tuesday, February 27.
“No further police action.”
The alleged confrontation happened after Mr Swift and his daughter left a yacht, in the hours after the final of her four Eras Tour dates in Sydney.
At the time, Taylor Swift’s representative accused members of the media of behaving “aggressively” towards the megastar during the interaction.
Veteran photographer Mr McDonald described the incident at the time as a “punch in the chops” that “didn’t require medical assistance.”

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.