All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may earn affiliate revenue on this article and commission when you buy something.
In what we imagine is a nod to her forthcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department, Taylor Swift is leaning into her preppy side.
Following some time out of the spotlight—and a tropical getaway in the Bahamas—Swift and her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, hit the Nobu in Malibu for a lunch date. In her smart outfit, Swift looked like she would’ve fit in just as well in a Connecticut suburb or an Ivy-coated campus as she did at the star-studded sushi spot.
She wore a cozy, baby blue Khaite sweater tucked into a pleated khaki miniskirt, outfitted with a slit that revealed matching shorts (we love a skort moment!). She accessorized with a pair of Reformation chestnut and white penny loafers with a lug sole and tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses. On the jewelry front, Swift added a little edge with a chunky silver necklace. For his part, Kelce also leaned into comfort. The Kansas City Chiefs tight-end—and recent Super Bowl winner—kept it simple in a cream-colored long-sleeve, black joggers, black Nikes, and a Happy Gilmore baseball cap. While it was a lowkey look for the athlete, he’s not afraid of fashion, having rocked looks from Collina Strada and custom Amiri in the recent past.
But of course, we’re always scanning the queen of Easter eggs’ outfits for any clues about her forthcoming projects. While the bottom half of her look is decidedly Tortured Poets preppy, her sweater’s powder blue hue is reminiscent of her 1989 era; the punky necklace could be a nod to her Reputation re-record. Or, maybe Taylor Swift just wanted to wear her skort and blue sweater. Who’s to say, really?
Shop more items inspired by Swift, below.
Allude
cashmere sweater
NET-A-PORTER
David Yurman
sculpted cable necklace
DAVID YURMAN
Michael Michael Kors
Townsend medium straw bucket messenger
MICHAEL KORS
Prada
gabardine miniskirt
PRADA
Celine Eyewear
Triomphe oval-frame tortoiseshell acetate sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
G.H. Bass
Esther Kiltie tassel Weejuns loafers
G.H. BASS
Everlane
cashmere classic crew sweater
EVERLANE
Mejuri
Bold herringbone chain necklace
MEJURI
Bottega Veneta
small Andiamo bag
NORDSTROM
Max Mara
Bobbio wool miniskirt
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Prada
oval-frame tortoiseshell acetate sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
Miu Miu
linen leather penny loafers
NEIMAN MARCUS
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty