Robert Pattinson and Suki Waterhouse have a romance for the ages, and now, they're first-time parents.
Waterhouse, 32, and the couple's baby girl -- whom they welcomed earlier this spring -- covered the August 2024 issue of British Vogue -- and in the article, the Daisy Jones & The Six star shared a few details on their relationship and new chapter of life together.
Their daughter's arrival came three months after People reported on Dec. 21, citing sources, that the couple is engaged. The source told the outlet that "they both want to be married" and that "it's important for them."
Though the notoriously private couple has been together for several years, they have only given fans a handful of peeks into their relationship. In her interview with British Vogue, Waterhouse confirmed that she and Pattinson, 38, first met at a star-studded game night in Los Angeles in 2018.
Although they didn't exchange numbers that night, Waterhouse says the encounter "had percolated [something]." She added, "I think Rob's quite funny, I light up when I'm around him." The pair got together months later, with Waterhouse noting that life in L.A. "definitely became a lot more fun" when she met Pattinson.
Both have obviously had high-profile relationships before, with Pattinson breaking off his two-year engagement to FKA Twigs in October 2017, and Waterhouse previously linked to Bradley Cooper and Diego Luna.
However, Waterhouse said when it comes to past relationships, Pattinson has "a lot of humor about that kind of stuff.
"He couldn't really give a s**t," she admitted with a laugh. "He's like, 'No one's better than me, so whatever.'"
Keep reading for a full breakdown of Pattinson and Waterhouse's romance.
Pattinson and Waterhouse's relationship began some time in the late spring/early summer of 2018. The pair was first spotted getting cozy in July, which prompted a source to tell Us Weekly that the actor and the model had been dating "for months."
"[They have] known each other and been around each other for a long time," the source told the outlet, before noting that they "definitely have a love of music in common" since they "are both really cool, nice and normal people."
In a July 2024 interview with British Vogue, Waterhouse confirmed that she and Pattinson first met at a star-studded game night in Los Angles in 2018.
Although they didn't exchange numbers that night, Waterhouse says the encounter "had percolated [something]. I think Rob's quite funny, I light up when I'm around him." The pair got together months later, with Waterhouse noting that life in L.A. "definitely became a lot more fun" when she met Pattinson.
As for that July sighting, E! News published photos of the couple kissing during a movie date night in London.
The sightings only ramped up from there, as Pattinson and Waterhouse were seen out on another London date night in October, and celebrating Christmas together at party a couple of months later.
The pair started 2019 out on a happy note, ringing in Waterhouse's 27th birthday in London with other celebs including Liv Tyler, Georgia May Jagger, Cara Delevingne and Ashley Benson, according to Elle.
The couple ended the month with some PDA, as they were spotted holding hands while out on a stroll, pics obtained by People show.
While speaking to The Sunday Times, Pattinson addressed his relationship for the first time, or rather explained why he wouldn't address it.
"If you let people in, it devalues what love is," he explained. "If a stranger on the street asked you about your relationship, you'd think it extremely rude. If you put up a wall it ends up better."
"I can't understand how someone can walk down the street holding hands, and it's the same as when I do it and a hundred people are taking your photo," Pattinson added. "The line between when you're performing and when you're not will eventually get washed away and you'll go completely mad."
The month after Pattinson celebrated his 33rd birthday with Waterhouse by his side, the couple stepped out for a double date with another famous couple -- Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn.
ET confirmed the foursome's outing, while Us Weekly reported that the night out took place at San Vicente Bungalows in Hollywood, with an eyewitness noting they laughed and talked all night.
Around the same time, multiple outlets reported that the couple kept in touch via FaceTime when not physically together.
The couple went somewhat Instagram official when photographer Sofia Malamute shared a photo of the pair on her Instagram account. 
In the sweet pic, a smiling Waterhouse sits on Pattinson's lap and wraps her arms around him.
In a cover story for GQ, Pattinson revealed that he was living in London with Waterhouse amid quarantine. Then, in September, cameras caught the couple kissing in a London park.
The next month, a source gave E! News an update on Pattinson and Waterhouse's relationship.
"Rob and Suki have definitely discussed getting engaged but are in no rush. Suki is not pressuring him and they are both very committed to each other," the source told the outlet. "[They are] still dating and going strong. They are a really good match. They have both been spending time in the U.K. together during this last year and their relationship is stronger than ever."
That seemed to be proven true the next month, when The Daily Mail spotted the couple taking a London stroll with Pattinson's parents.
The couple largely remained quiet during 2021, but early the next year, Pattinson shared a funny story about his girlfriend in an interview with GQ.
"The [boiler repairman] came around the other day, and he just randomly started talking about what a DC fan he is," The Batman star said. "And I'm sitting there facing the other direction, and my girlfriend just keeps continuing the conversation with him. And I'm looking at her like: Shut the f**k up! Why are you doing this to me? She was very entertaining. Just talking to an obsessive fan."
Pattinson also spoke about his relationship during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live, revealing how Waterhouse reacted to seeing his performance in The Batman.
"It was really her reaction that kind of changed the entire thing because I'm pretty sure she's not normally into watching superhero movies," he said. "And just seeing that it was capturing her attention the entire time and then she held my hand and touched it [to her face] and I could feel a little tear. And I was like, 'No way!'"
After more than four years together, Waterhouse and Pattinson finally made their red carpet debut at the Dior Men’s Fall 2023 show in Giza, Egypt. During their time on the carpet, the couple showed minimal PDA as they posed alongside each other. Inside the show, the pair sat arm in arm. In another sweet moment, Waterhouse rested her head on the actor's shoulder. 
The couple rang in 2023 by throwing a New Year's Eve party at Silver Lining at the Moxy Hotel in New York City, People reported. Per the outlet, celebrity guests included Emma Stone, Luke Grimes, Mischa Barton and Kelsey Asbile.
"Rob and Suki had a great time. He had a table in the corner and was laughing a lot," a source told the outlet. "He and Suki were by each other's side the entire night. It was a fun evening."
The couple took the next step in their relationship by purchasing a California home together, Dirt reported. The pair bought the Spanish-style, Hollywood Hills home for $5.3 million.
The same month of their big purchase, Waterhouse spoke out about her relationship for the first time in an interview with The Sunday Times, revealing that she and Pattinson have never spent more than two months apart.
"I had two days off the other day, and it was like, no question I'm going back to see him. Then he'll come out for a couple of days," Waterhouse said. "I'm shocked that I'm so happy with someone for nearly five years."
"I'm always incredibly excited when I see his name pop up [on my phone] or even a text, and I think he feels the same about me," she added. "We've always got so much to say, and I find him hilarious."
While they're both actors, Waterhouse reminded fans of their other shared love: music. "He's an amazing pianist and a really great guitarist," she gushed about the Batman star on CBS Mornings while doing press for Daisy Jones & The Six. "He's amazing, honestly."
Nearly five years after their romance first made headlines, sparks continue to fly between the two. Ahead of the 2023 Oscars, an eyewitness told ET the two stars were "making out at the WME pre-Oscar party." 
"They were having a great time together," the source said, "and looked very cute."
The couple glowed when they made their Met Gala debut. In a rare joint appearance, the couple posed for pics and made their way up the iconic steps together.
The notoriously private couple stunned at the event, with Pattinson looking dapper in a Dior tuxedo that featured a skirt detail and a gold brooch and Waterhouse beaming in a sheer Fendi dress with floral embroidery.
Pattinson and Waterhouse were all smiles as they posed for pics, with the former even wrapping his arm around the latter's waist at one point.
Pattinson and Waterhouse were spotted on a romantic stroll in New York City and they put a little bit of their love on display as they walked hand-in-hand through the busy Big Apple.
Waterhouse kept it casual-yet-chic in a knit blouse with beige pants. At one point, the Daisy Jones & The Six actress took off the top to beat the heat and revealed a white T-shirt with a pink pattern and heart. She completed her look with a pair of dark sunglasses.
As for Pattinson, the Twilight star wore a pair of blue shorts, a plaid shirt, a baseball cap and sunglasses.
The A-list duo each opted for comfort for their stroll, as they each wore a pair of Birkenstock sandals. 
After being spotted with what appeared to be a baby bump on several occasions, Waterhouse confirmed she was expecting during a performance in Mexico. "I'm wearing something sparkly today because I thought it might distract you from something else that's going on," she told the crowd while motioning toward her midsection. "I'm not sure if it's working." 
"Suki Waterhouse and Rob Pattinson are expecting their first child together," a source told ET. "She is so happy, excited, and appreciative of this experience. Suki and Rob are adorable together."
Following the happy news of their little one on the way, a source confirmed to ET in December 2023 that the couple were engaged and planning to tie the knot -- following Waterhouse being spotted out with a large diamond on her left ring finger.
"They’re incredibly happy and excited for their future together as a couple and family," the source added.
Pattinson and Waterhouse were spotted out on March 26 as first-time parents while out on a walk with their child in Los Angeles. In pictures published by the Daily Mail, Pattinson is pushing a pink stroller.
The actor had his hoodie up and wore sunglasses. Waterhouse was also dressed casually.
The pair officially announced the birth of their daughter the following month, with the Daisy Jones and the Six star taking to Instagram to share the first photo of their new addition. In the Polaroid-style picture, Waterhouse posed for the camera while cradling her swaddled newborn. 
"Welcome to the world angel ❤️," she captioned the pic. 
Later the same month, Waterhouse revealed the sex of her baby during her set at Coachella -- her first performance since giving birth.
"I don't know if some of you know, but I had some big life changes happen recently, some pretty big events have been going down," she said, alluding to the birth of her and Pattinson's first child in a video shared on social media. "I love amazing ladies and I've been very lucky to have my own little amazing lady and meet the love of my life."
Pattinson opened up about fatherhood at the Dior Homme Menswear Spring/Summer 2025 show in Paris in June 2024, where he spoke with others at the event about his daughter.
In a clip posted to X (formerly Twitter), the actor marveled over being a dad, explaining, "It makes you feel very old and very young at the same time."
"She's so cute," Pattinson shared with a smile. "I'm amazed by how quickly their personality comes out. Even at three months, I'm like, 'Oh. yeah, I can kind of see who she is already.' It's amazing. It's great."
Waterhouse and the couple's baby girl covered the August 2024 issue of British Vogue -- and in the article, she shared a few new details about her fiancé and their new chapter of life together.
The new mother praised Pattinson's calm demeanor during the birth, describing him as "the dad I could have hoped for." 
She also shared that couple did plan the pregnancy, recalling, "One day we looked at each other and said, 'Well, this is as ready as we're going to be.'"
"Every mum's morality is in question so much, not just from yourself, but from society," she added of parenting in the public eye. "Everyone's projecting something onto you. That's an insane thing... You just have to go, 'This is what we're doing, this is what we're about and f*** what anyone else thinks.'" 
 RELATED CONTENT:
News
News
News
News
Movies