ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Jung Kook (Big Hit Music)
Like his BTS bandmates, Jung Kook is currently focused not on his massively successful music career, but his military service. While he may be an army man at the moment–in addition to being one of the objects of affection of BTS’s ARMY–the musician’s debut solo album is still performing incredibly well in America. This week, the set makes history, showing that Jung Kook really is a star in his own right.
This week, Jung Kook’s solo album Golden breaks the record for the most weeks spent on the Billboard 200 for any release by a South Korean solo artist. The set has now lived on the ranking of the most-consumed albums in the U.S. for nine frames.
Before this week, Jung Kook was tied for this bit of history with one of his bandmates. Fellow BTS artist V saw his solo effort Layover spend nonconsecutive eight weeks on the Billboard 200. That title isn’t present on the list this time around, so Jung Kook is able to pass V, perhaps for good.
Golden isn’t just holding on–it’s still doing very well. The album rockets up the Billboard 200 this week as the chart is now freer than it has been in weeks, thanks to the removal of dozens of Christmas titles. This frame, Golden rises from No. 46 to No. 28. According to Luminate, the set moved another 19,400 equivalent units in the past tracking period.
When it was released, Golden debuted and peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200. It arrived with more than 200,000 equivalent units, which normally would have been enough to make it the No. 1 title in the U.S., but competition was simply too fierce at the time. Taylor Swift’s 1989 (Taylor’s Version) had been released one week prior, and it easily held onto first place for a second stay.
When looking at all albums by South Korean musicians–and not just soloists–Golden still has a long way to go before it ties the all-time record for most weeks on the Billboard 200. Currently, BTS’s Love Yourself: Answer holds that honor. That set, which helped propel the boy band to new heights, has racked up 100 turns on the tally.
Note: An early version of this article incorrectly stated that Map of the Soul: 7 was BTS’s longest-charting album on the Billboard 200.