A woman has filed a lawsuit against Delta Air Lines and an employee, claiming sexual assault on a flight.
The woman’s complaint says Duane Brick, a Delta employee at the time, assaulted her.
Brick, a former Delta mechanic, was a passenger on the flight.
He has since plead guilty to abusive sexual contact and will be sentenced later this year.
He faces up to two years in prison.
The assault happened on a flight as the woman was flying home to Seattle from a Taylor Swift concert in Phoenix.
The lawsuit claims Brick was ‘visibly intoxicated’.
The woman and a witness informed cabin crew at the time of the assault.
The suit alleges gross negligence on the part of the airline, and assault and battery.
It says the airline failed to monitor Brick’s condition after serving him too much alcohol.
“Delta owes the highest duty of care and has a legal duty to provide airline passengers, including the plaintiff, with a safe flight that is free from unauthorized and abusive sexual contact,” the lawsuit states.
“Everyone should feel safe to fall asleep on a plane without the risk of being groped and sexually assaulted,” attorney Mark Lindquist said. 
Editor for TravelMole North America and Asia pacific regions.  Ray is a highly experienced (15+ years) skilled journalist and editor predominantly in travel, hospitality and lifestyle working with a huge number of major market-leading brands. He has also cover in-depth news, interviews and features in general business, finance, tech and geopolitical issues for a select few major news outlets and publishers.
Please Log in or, Register to post a comment.
Wonderful Indonesia Indonesia is a country blessed with countless wonders. What makes this country unique is its diverse culture and...  
The Oregon Tourism Commission, dba Travel Oregon, works to enhance visitors’ experiences by providing information, resources and trip planning tools...  
Classic Collection is where travel expertise and personal service combine to create the perfect luxury holiday. Our travel agent partners...  
Welcome to Qatar Airways   Qatar Airways is proud to be one of the youngest global airlines to serve all...  
The Mexico Tourism Board serves as the driving force behind Mexico’s global appeal, orchestrating targeted marketing campaigns to showcase the...  
Babble is a leading technology business that is reimagining how we do work. Founded in 2001, the company works with...  
MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM) is an S&P 500® global entertainment company with national and international locations featuring best-in-class hotels...  
Chargebacks911 offers scalable solutions that are customized for any business of any size in any industry. With the flexibility to...  
Why choose Titan Travel? There are some great travel companies out there – so why Titan? Well, we’re one of...  
Centara Hotels & Resorts is Thailand’s leading hotel operator. Its 93 properties span all major Thai destinations plus the Maldives,...  
Our leadership is bold. Our agility thrives on open innovation and we embrace the new, whether it’s diversity, trends, challenges....  
Ensuring our guests have an unforgettable experience while sailing with us is paramount; however, your health and safety remains our...  
Travel specialists founded the company in 1999 as AC Tours. Since then we have grown and expanded to incorporate four...  
Air Transat is Canada’s number one leisure airline. It flies to some 60 international destinations in more than 25 countries...  
WANDERERS WELCOME to MISSISSIPPI Mississippi is a state for all those who are wanderers at heart. From lush, forested Appalachian foothills to...  
Queensland – where it’s rude not to stare Here in Queensland, there’s plenty to do. But there’s even more to...  
Philippine Airlines (PR), also known as PAL, is the Filipino flag carrier. The company started their operations in February 1941,...  
Our Mission Ecommerce has transformative powers, and we believe everyone should be able to take part. But outdated solutions and...  
Royal Caribbean issues Legionnaires’ disease warning
Qatar Airways adding Manchester flights
Jet2 unveils Samos as new Greek destination for summer 2026
EU entry-exit system delayed again
ATC strike in Greece could disrupt flights this week
Saturday, May 03, 2025
Friday, May 02, 2025
Friday, May 02, 2025
Sunday, Mar 30, 2025
Friday, Mar 21, 2025
Friday, Apr 18, 2025

                      TravelMole has grown and transformed over 25 years to serve a global community of over 200,000 registered members and subscribers in the travel industry. Our primary goal is to provide travel professionals with curated, easily accessible content from diverse sources, covering a wide range of topics. Through this, we foster effective communication, engagement, and knowledge sharing between travel resellers and suppliers.                      Know More

Our emails to you has bounced travelmole.com Or You can change your email from your profile Setting Section
Your region selection will be saved in your cookie for future visits. Please enable your cookie for TravelMole.com so this dialog box will not come up again.
Price Based Country test mode enabled for testing United States (US). You should do tests on private browsing mode. Browse in private with Firefox, Chrome and Safari
You can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/
Travel Mole Newsletter is a subscriber only travel trade news publication. If you are receiving this message, simply enter your email address to sign in or register if you are not. In order to display the B2B travel content that meets your business needs, we need to know who are and what are your business needs. ITR is free to our subscribers.