e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
DUARTE — The City of Hope cancer research center announced that their Music, Film and Entertainment Industry fundraising group will recognize entertainment executive Jay Marciano, chairman and CEO of AEG Presents, with its most esteemed and prestigious honor.
Marciano will be presented with The Spirit of Life Award for his leadership, philanthropy, and contributions to the industry and community at the 51st annual Spirit of Life fundraiser gala this fall in Los Angeles.
Each year, honorees lead a year-long fundraising initiative to benefit City of Hope that includes marquee events such as the Taste of Hope in NYC in April, Future Hope Poker Tournament and Songs of Hope, all culminating in a celebration gala honoring the awardee’s professional and charitable accomplishments.
“It’s deeply meaningful to be honored for this recognition,” Marciano said in a statement. “Our industry’s work contributes to bringing the brightest minds in the world to make breakthrough medical discoveries — discoveries that give back the gift of time to people. I am honored to join this admirable group of Spirit of Life recipients and look forward to continuing the tradition of leaning on music, film and the arts to raise awareness of and funding for City of Hope’s important work against cancer, diabetes and other life-threatening diseases.”
Marciano began his career as a concert promoter, presenting shows from legendary artists such  as Madonna and Tina Turner, before moving on to senior leadership roles at Universal Concerts, AEG Europe and Madison Square Garden Entertainment, and then returning to AEG in 2011.
Under his leadership, AEG Presents has promoted tours from many of the music industry’s biggest artists, including Elton John, the Rolling Stones, Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran. He also oversaw a portfolio of over 30 festivals such as the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, Stagecoach, Electric Forest, British Summertime Hyde Park, C2C: Country To Country, and the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival.
“City of Hope is proud to honor the notable contributions of Jay Marciano and celebrate our continued philanthropic partnership with the Music, Film and Entertainment Industry group,” Kristin Bertell, chief philanthropy officer at City of Hope, said. “Jay is recognized as an industry leader who is eager to accelerate City of Hope’s mission and focus on making breakthrough discoveries that move us closer to putting an end to cancer. We look forward to partnering with him and the larger music community to develop new cures, save patient lives and ensure that everyone has an equal opportunity to secure their highest level of health.”
The campaign seeks to support City of Hope — one of the largest cancer research and treatment organizations in the country — by bringing together artists and leaders in the music, film and entertainment industries in its mission to conquer cancer and diabetes.
“City of Hope’s Music, Film and Entertainment Industry division and its board are so thrilled that Jay has accepted our invitation for him to lead the Spirit of Life campaign to benefit City of Hope,” Alissa Pollack, executive vice president of global music marketing for iHeartMedia and MFEI board president, said. “In addition to being a top business leader in our industry, he leads by example through bringing together his professional community for the greater good.”
Previous honorees include industry titans such as Clive Davis, Sir Lucian Grainge, Quincy Jones, and Doug Morris, among others. Over the past 50 years, the initiative has raised more than $150 million for City of Hope.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group