Circus performers showed off their gravity-defying moves and strength as part of “The Greatest Show On Earth,” presented by Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey, set to dazzle audiences for three weekends this spring in Massachusetts.
The show offers 13 performances at the Agganis Arena on the Boston University campus in late March and early April, and six performances at Worcester’s DCU Center in mid-April.
It features 75 performers from 18 countries who show off more than 50 circus acts across the two-hour runtime, according to Feld Entertainment, which owns Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey.
“We’re taking all those things you probably imagined you were capable of as a child and bringing them to life,” said Liz Kinder, the PR manager for the show, who indicated the show is meant to evoke a sense of childlike wonder.
“We want to focus on superhuman abilities. We want the next generation of circus to be inspired when you come and see our show,” Kinder added.
Watch a video of the showcased acts from “The Greatest Show On Earth” below or on MassLive’s TikTok.
Watch circus performers show off their moves as part of “The Greatest Show On Earth.” Here for a limited time at two Mass. venues this spring. #circus #stunts #entertainment #boston #worcester 
Showcased acts include “Troupe Brothers,” a Mongolian acrobatic act who demonstrated a giant jump rope routine with members stacked on top of one another while skipping rope.
Another act is the “Gemini Twins,” sisters Yuliia and Olha Mosiienko from Ukraine, who specialize in duo aerial hoops, acrobatics and hand balancing and showed off their skills mirroring one another while bending and folding high above the Agganis Arena stadium floor.
The show also features “Argendance,” a folk-dance troupe from Argentina who tap to the beat of a Malambo rhythm, a traditional folk dance which uses percussive footwork set to the tune of a beating drum, according to Feld Entertainment.
The Argentine act also infuses “boleadoras,” cords with weighted stones on the end meant to ensnare animals, but instead used almost akin to whips to display rapid circular movements blended with the choreography.
Feats of balance and strength were shown in the form of “Dust in the Wind,” an act made up of male and female Cuban duo Julio and Maite, in which the female partner is lifted into the air and balanced upside down on top of her male partner’s head.
Other traditional circus acts such as the trapeze and the high wire are featured as well — but Feld Entertainment noted that “The Greatest Show On Earth” has reimagined these concepts in new ways with a “never-before-seen” triangular high wire and a crisscross flying trapeze, adding extra layers, complexity and performers to these routines.
The show is family-friendly, Feld Entertainment said, calling it a “fast-paced, action-packed production.”
Performances at the Agganis Arena at 925 Commonwealth Ave. in Boston are as follows:
Performances at the DCU Center at 50 Foster St. in Worcester are as follows:
Tickets for the event can be bought online for Boston and Worcester, or through the venue box offices, Feld Entertainment said.
The show is visiting 60 cities across the country as part of its North American tour.
“Be prepared to have a good time,” Kinder said. “We want you to come and be inspired and just come play. Have a great time with us while you’re here.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices