Queen Bey ain't "stuntin' 'bout" awards on the track "Sweet Honey Buckin'."
Lester Fabian Brathwaite is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where he covers breaking news, all things Real Housewives, and a rich cornucopia of popular culture. Formerly a senior editor at Out magazine, his work has appeared on NewNowNext, Queerty, Rolling Stone, and The New Yorker. He was also the first author signed to Phoebe Robinson's Tiny Reparations imprint. He met Oprah once.
 Unlike her husband, Beyoncé prefers to address any controversies surrounding her in her music.

 Though she lost the Grammy for Album of the Year for a record fourth time last year, the superstar seems to be taking it in stride. At least that's what she sings on the Cowboy Carter track "Sweet Honey Buckin'."

Kevin Winter/Getty
 The genre-bending song opens with an interpolation of country legend Patsy Cline's immortal "I Fall to Pieces" and features the rising alt-country artist Shaboozey. But what really stands out on "Sweet Honey Buckin'" are the no-nonsense lyrics about those multiple Grammys snubs.

 "AOTY, I ain't win / I ain't stuntin' 'bout them / Take that s--- on the chin / Come back and f--- up the pen," Bey rhymes on the penultimate cut of her just-released eighth studio album. For her, it's the work that matters.

BLAIR CALDWELL
 Jay-Z had a slightly different reaction when he took the stage to accept the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award at the Grammy Awards this past February. The rapper did not mince words, calling out the Recording Academy for failing to recognize his wife with the Album of the Year prize.

 “I’m just sayin’, we want y’all to get it right,” Mr. Knowles-Carter said. “We love y’all… at least get it close to right. And obviously it’s subjective — y’all don’t gotta clap at everything — obviously it’s subjective because it’s music and it’s opinion-based. But some things, you know… I don’t wanna embarrass this young lady, but she has more Grammys than everyone and never won Album of the Year, so even by your own metrics that doesn’t work.”

 Despite winning a record 32 Grammys, Bey was never snagged what many consider the most coveted trophy from the Academy. She was nominated for Album of the Year in 2009 for I Am...Sasha Fierce, in 2014 for Beyoncé, in 2017 for Lemonade, and in 2023 for Renaissance — but she lost out every time.

 It's a pretty safe bet that she'll get nominated for the top prize again for the epic Cowboy Carter, a nod that could pit her against four-time AOTY winner Taylor Swift, who will release her upcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department, on April 19.

 Cowboy Carter is out now. Listen to "Sweet Honey Buckin'" below.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)