By 

	Tomás Mier


Lil Nas X just couldn’t keep this new song under wraps for any longer.

	On Friday, the musician surprise-released a demo for “Light Again” on SoundCloud. The fun track hears the musician rapping and singing over a house beat. He joked on X that his label might not be happy about releasing it unofficially.

	“Ngl might get in trouble for releasing this song without [my] label’s permission but anyway,” Lil Nas wrote on TikTok. He added on X: “Sorry Columbia!”

	“I’m way too toned, let me tone down/My dick too big, so I’m cocky, hit him from the back while I’m twiddlin’ with my phone out,” he raps on the track’s second verse. “Got an M&M deal but I’m Hershey/6’2″ dark skin n— with a purpose.”

	Lil Nas has been teasing “Light Again” for some time now, sharing a video of him voguing to the track’s outro back in February. “I don’t like Lil Nas music but this gone be a classic, I’m sorry,” he wrote over a video of him lip-syncing to the song earlier this month.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	








	“Light Again” follows “Where Do We Go Now?” from his Long Live Montero documentary, and the controversial release of “J. Christ.” The single’s cover art saw Lil Nas nailed on a cross. (“Light Again” coincidentally arrives on Good Friday.) The visual for “J. Christ” opened with a bunch of celebrity lookalikes with a bare minimum resemblance to Taylor Swift, Barack Obama, Oprah, Kanye West, and Ed Sheeran.

	“J. Christ” marked the beginning of a new album cycle for Lil Nas X, who dropped his hit debut LP, Montero, in 2022. He also joined Skaiwater on “Light!” last week.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.