Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Make your daily schlep less mundane with these fashion-forward picks. 

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

Updated March 29, 2024: This article on best everday bags for women was updated with new editor product picks. We are currently testing additional designer and affordable bags for daily wear in consideration for this expert-backed shopping guide.

	A casual handbag for everyday use is arguably one of the most important items in your wardrobe. Yes, it needs to be practical, but that doesn’t mean the best everyday bag can’t be beautiful, too. If you’re considering a designer bag, cost-per-wear value should be taken into account for making a luxury splurge, while great affordable bags should combine quality construction, durable materials, and provide versatility in style to wear with your daily uniform. 

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Charles Leclerc on Racing, Fashion and Life Beyond the Track	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Matteau Celebrates 10th Anniversary With Moda Operandi	
			








	When searching for your ideal everyday bag, women should think about bag features and silhouettes that suit their lifestyle with ample space for daily essentials to fit comfortably — from your gym attire to small goods, including your wallet, phone, sunglasses, makeup bag and more.




			You May Also Like		






	An everyday bag also would also need to be appropriate for your 9-to-5 work day. You’ll want to find the right minimalist bag that’s refined in appearance that compliments your workwear wardrobe. Emily Blumenthal, a handbag industry and design expert, says that while there are a wide variety of everyday bags on the market to select from, there are a few key bag styles and purse shapes that are worthy of your consideration.

	“In this day and age, a great everyday bag consists of a crossbody bag, an oversized shoulder bag, or a soft slouchy hobo bag that has a wide-enough strap that could be worn as a crossbody as well,” Blumenthal says. “Although backpacks are still going strong, carrying a fashion-driven bag is still key. Having a pop of color integrated on the strap, top stitch, or pop-lining continues to bring the element of joy to the handbag purchase”.

	From super-luxe trophy bags by fashion heavyweights such as Louis Vuitton and Dior, to the more affordable everyday totes from contemporary labels such as Cuyana and Uniqlo, we’ve researched and examined top styles for every daytime occasion. Ahead you’ll find top everyday bags for 2024, chosen with the help and guidance of Blumenthal and Samantha Brown, a professional and celebrity stylist.

	Your new everyday handbag should seamlessly meld with your personal style, so there’s a myriad of options to consider in pursuit of a holy-grail hauler. Since this is a decision that involves personal preferences, our highlighted editor-approved everyday bags touch on number of different needs with functionality and appearance at top of mind with varying shapes, sizes, colorways and price points. The below choices were ranked on our essential everyday bag criteria, including overall functionality, which refers to sturdy construction and comfortable carrying features, along with day-to-day versatility, contemporary design, and investment-worthy durability.

Sign up for WWD Shop’s newsletter to get the scoop on the best in beauty and style with in-depth reviews of exciting new releases and buyer’s guides to find the products you need to try ASAP.

		The Mansur Gavriel Mini Bucket Bag requires no introduction, as it’s been a celebrity street style favorite for years and maintains its It-bag status today. This understated bag’s minimalist design has mass appeal, and is uniquely made from sustainable vegetable tanned leather. “Mansur Gavriel makes great bucket bags with minimal branding and hardware,” says Brown. “They’re versatile and can be worn cross body.” What’s more, we love the everyday bag’s internal zipper compartment that’s ideal for housing smaller valuables. What the testers say: “I just recieved my second Mansur Gavriel bucket bag and I love them both! It’s lightweight, stores so much, and holds up very well. The strap length is perfect. I highly recommend!Functionality: 4.7/5 rating | Versatility: 4.8/5 rating | Style: 5/5 rating | Durability: 5/5 ratingPrice upon publish date of article: $495	

		The Senreve Mini Maestra Bag is designed for the daily adventurer, and is defined by the brand as a “backpack-meets-handbag” with adjustable straps that convert to four styling options: A chic top handle bag, satchel bag, crossbody bag, and a convenient backpack. This everyday bag’s frame is large enough to fit an iPad or must-have reading material, making it an ideal personal option for travel or commuting. The durable construction can handle daily wear will maintaining its appearance for years to come. There are plenty of color options to suit your personal style, too, whether you enjoy this soft brown chestnut hue or desire an everyday bag in a rich tone like merlot. What the testers say: “Such a gorgeous bag — incredible quality. It’s absolutely perfect for everyday use, for running errands or going to dinner. This color goes with everything. I can wear it with a dress and sandals and it looks pretty because it’s small and cute, or I can wear it with joggers and a t-shirt and it looks sporty and cool. Just love it. So versatile. I’ve worn it on repeat since the day it arrived!”Functionality: 5/5 rating | Versatility: 5/5 rating | Style: 5/5 rating | Durability: 5/5 ratingPrice upon publish date of article: $745	

		 This bestselling, modern Quilted Leather Crossbody Bag from Quince is a quality carrier that won’t bog you down while you’re on the go. Its premium Italian leather quality comes with a jaw-dropping affordable price tag while boasting exceptionally versatile styling possibilities from day to night as a shoulder bag, crossbody bag, or simple clutch. The soft-structured silhouette can surprisingly hold a few pairs of sunglasses, wallet, key ring, phone, and then some, while posing cute and compact for work, travel, date night, and beyond.What the testers say: “It’s the perfect size! It fits flat across the body but easily contains many more items than my other crossbody bags. The leather is soft and luxurious. I want to order more colors!”Functionality: 5/5 rating | Versatility: 5/5 rating | Style: 4.7/5 rating | Durability: 5/5 ratingPrice upon publish date of article: $129.90	

		Street style stars were toting this chic, luxurious Coach Tabby Bag all over New York Fashion Week — and with good reason. The ’70s-inspired modern classic has become one of the most popular designer crossbody bags of 2024 in a timeless, super-soft quilted nappa leather that’s available in a wide variety of colorways to match your everyday style (from classic neutrals to pretty pastels to trendy Y2K denim). The Tabby 20 — which is more compact than the Coach Tabby 26 — has a long, stylish chain strap that allows you to carry it across your chest or to be worn as a shoulder bag. With plenty of compartments and pockets, this Coach everyday bag is an ideal choice for the women who likes to keep her small essentials organized. If you already have a go-to black handbag, may we suggest this Hay colorway that has the versatility you’ve been searching for with a great return on investment when calculating its cost-per-wear value. Add it to your Mother’s Day gift wish list to help a hubby out by highlighting one of the best gifts for wives this year.What the testers say: “I love this bag. It’s small but mighty, and fits all my essentials when I’m out and about. The leather is amazing quality and buttery soft. Coach you nailed it with this one. Keep the new colors coming.”Price upon publish date of this article: $395.00	

Gucci’s Ophidia bag is an icon of the bag world, characterized by its slouchy half-moon shape, signature GG canvas and red and green stripe. We love that the strap is adjustable so you can wear it cross body or slung over your shoulder, plus it has an internal zipped pocket for keeping valuables secure. An unmistakable work of the Italian fashion house, this is the kind of bag that will have a place in your wardrobe forever. Treat it well, and it will pay you back in spades.Price upon publish date of article: $1,390	

		An editor favorite, Cuyana’s Classic Easy Tote has quite the following thanks to its versatility, elegance, and practicality. It’s made from butter-soft pebbled leather that looks better as it ages, and LWG certification that means it’s tanned using environmentally friendly methods. One of the best elements of this bag (other than its soft, unstructured shape that fits so much inside) are the customizable options. Choose from a range of shades such as terracotta and stone, and classic, tall and small sizes. You can even choose between having a zipper or open top.What the testers say: “It’s everything you could ever want in a tote: the design is simple but polished, the leather is soft and beautiful, and the quality is so high that we’ve all owned ours for years.”Price upon publish date of article: $268	

		This plush, contemporary tote from Aritzia is lightweight and expandable, so no matter how hefty your haul grows by day’s end, this number will hold it all. Its quilted texture adds stylish intrique, as opposed to basic canvas totes, while functional details like a zip closure, interior pocket, and easy-clean fabrication make it a no-brainer pick-up as an affordable carry-all or weekend errand run necessity.Price upon publish date of article: $98	

		The Naghedi Mini St Barths Tote may look like a classic, basket-style straw bag upon first glance, but it’s actually woven with durable neoprene that resists spills or emergency moments when you’re caught in the rain. It has a wide open top, so you’ll be able to see the entire contents of your bag, rather than wasting time digging through a bottomless well. Designed with busy bees on top of mind, the modern mini tote comes with a sturdy crossbody strap and a bonus pouch for storing smaller items, like your favorite lip gloss or a phone charger. Price upon publish date of article: $240	

		If you spend an afternoon walking around New York City, we can bet you’ll spot the Baggu Medium Nylon Crescent Bag on several passersby. The minimal, clean-cut design is a cult-favorite everyday bag for a reason: its durable, lightweight construction is suitable to carry for both rain or shine, while the bag’s large storage capacity is substantial enough to double as an overnight bag or carry your weekly groceries. The trendy crescent bag shape — available in varying colorways and stylish prints — fits snug to the body when placed on shoulders for easy-access, and its adjustable strap allows you to sling it several ways to comfortably distribute weight.   What the testers say: “This bag is so perfect for everyday wear! It’s so cute, fits so many things, and is the absolutely perfect size. It goes with any outfit! I will definitely buy more in different sizes the future. Plus it has two pockets inside. I love it!”Price upon publish date of article: $52	

		Every closet requires an everyday black bag that can pair with anything and everything, so it might as well be beautifully crafted by a timeless brand like See by Chloé. This affordable luxury piece, the Joan Ladylike Bag, comes crafted in supple “velvet leather” suede and grained cowhide in a saddle silhouette. It comes with an adjustable crossbody strap for a second option to wear it, on top of its sturdy and chic top handle. The gold hardware and signature house codes nod to its classic appeal, while spacious interior and exterior pockets leave you equipped with a day’s worth of necessities. Shop the style in four rich color options, including this pitch-black, as well as soft brown, blood orange, and muted gray.Price upon publish date of article: $525	

		If you’re in the market for a classic 1960s satchel bag to sling on the daily for added outfit polush, we’re loving the Eleanor Satchel, which we’ve deemed one of the best Tory Burch bags of all time. The top-handle bag is minimal and sophisticated, with suede side panelling and modern lines reminiscent of Bauhaus design. Sling it in the crook of your arm as a posh style statement, or enjoy hands-free convenience with the crossbody strap. What testers say: “The bag is what I have been looking for! The design has a classic beauty with a modern sense of comfort. I match the bag with a skirt or jeans. Whether my outfit is formal or casual, the bag goes with me everywhere.”Price upon publish date of this article: $798	

		Trust Christian Dior to make the tote bag into a seriously luxurious investment piece. The fashion house’s now iconic Book Tote was introduced by creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri and features the Christian Dior Paris logo along the centre. The tote is available in a range of backdrops such as this beautiful Toile de Jouy motif, and it can also be personalized for a truly bespoke finish.“I personally look the Dior Book tote in the medium size,” says Brown. “It’s large enough to fit all the essentials, plus a laptop or tablet. It’s lightweight and doesn’t have any hardware, which is a nice chance from the clunkier bags I sometimes carry.”Price upon publish date of article: $3,350	

	“This is a year of many bag trends, so there is something for everyone,” says Brown. “Big designer brands typically lead the way,” she continues. “Then there’s a trickle-down effect to contemporary and fast fashion. Celine became popular again, Fendi released their baguette again, and YSL became very hot.” Classic bags, like the Gucci Jackie 1961 seen on the arm of Dua Lipa, were also refreshed in more contemporary shades such as red and white.

	










	Brown says that bucket bags, quilted styles, large and shrunken totes are all key trends this year, in addition to minimal hardware and branding. Y2K bags, like baguettes and smaller shoulder bags, such as the Gucci Horsebit Bag, have also made a big comeback.

	Since 1910, WWD — often referred to as “the fashion bible” — has been the leading industry voice of authority for senior executives in the global women’s and men’s fashion, retail and beauty communities, while also informing the consumer media that cover the market. Today, WWD’s breaking news and trend coverage continues to be a trustworthy resource for both fashion insiders and consumers alike. Our shopping editors continue to uphold WWD’s editorial standards and values with quality, expert-backed product selections.

	To select the best everyday bags of 2024, one reporter interviewed two style experts for their input on the best styles to invest in this season and the key designers, silhouettes, and fabrics to consider. Using our expert’s advice, we combed through offerings from multiple retailers to find top-rated everyday bags that are both practical and stylish as well as considering hundreds of online reviews — both good and bad. Our shortlist comprises a mix of backpacks, cross-body bags, totes, and bucket bags from luxury, contemporary and luxury brands to suit a range of budgets. Learn more about WWD here.

Samantha Brown is a professional and celebrity stylist who works with her clients to refine and elevate their personal style. Her styling credits include Vogue, GQ, Harper’s Bazaar, Glamour, Nylon, Fox, Real Simple, and The New York Post.

Emily Blumenthal is known as the “Handbag Fairy Godmother” as a designer talent scout, handbag industry and design expert, Author of “Handbag Designer 101,” which has sold over 50,000 copies, Founder of The Handbag Awards, National Handbag Designer Day, and is Professor of Entrepreneurship at the Fashion Institute of Merchandising.

Cat Hufton is a London-based fashion and beauty journalist who has written for some of the world’s best luxury e-commerce companies and publications, including InStyle, Harper’s Bazaar, Byrdie, and WWD. Hufton is an avid online shopper and has tested hundreds of products during her career giving her a keen eye for what’s worth your hard-earned dollars and what’s not. Hufton wrote this story on the best everyday bags using her extensive knowledge in the space. 

Olivia Cigliano is a Commerce Writer & Producer at Footwear News and WWD where she writes and edits shopping content across fashion, beauty, footwear, TikTok style trends, and more. Cigliano received her bachelor’s degree in journalism from Emerson College, and her byline can be found in publications including Elite Daily and CR Fashion Book. She is currently based in New York City. As a self-proclaimed handbag addict, Cigliano rides the pulse of emerging handbag trends and regularly reports on and recommends popular new releases at WWD. She updated this story in March 2024, with new editor-recommended picks for spring 2024.

	









Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.