PHOENIX (AZFamily) — A recently filed lawsuit accuses a Delta Air Lines employee of sexually assaulting a passenger during a flight between Phoenix and Seattle.
According to a news release by the victim’s attorney, Mark Lindquist, the assault happened on Mar. 20, 2023, when the woman was flying out of Phoenix after attending a Taylor Swift concert. The victim’s lawyers say she fell asleep next to a man, later identified as 53-year-old Duane Brick, who was drunk. Brick has since been identified as an airline mechanic for Delta.
Federal prosecutors say that Brick took the victim’s hand and put it on his crotch before touching her inappropriately. After the victim woke up, Brick allegedly went to the restroom and left behind alcohol bottles.
At that point, the victim and another passenger who witnessed the incident reported the assault to flight attendants, but the victim’s lawyers say Brick was allowed back in his seat and wasn’t moved for about 15 minutes.
Ultimately, the victim reported the assault to authorities after landing in Seattle, and federal authorities charged Brick with abusive sexual contact. He pleaded guilty on Mar. 5, 2024.
“Everyone should feel safe to fall asleep on a plane without the risk of being groped and sexually assaulted,” Lindquist said. “Airlines can and should do more to stop these gross violations.”
The lawsuit alleges negligence, assault, and battery. It also accuses Delta of failing to train employees on preventing and addressing sexual assaults and that flight attendants overserved alcohol.
“While Delta will decline to comment on pending litigation, Delta has zero tolerance for unlawful conduct and will work with law enforcement entities to that end,” the airline said in a statement. Delta says they worked with federal authorities and terminated the employee once they learned of the allegations.
Sentencing for Brick is set for June. He faces up to two years in prison.
Cases, while still generally uncommon, are rising significantly since the COVID-19 pandemic. According to the U.S. Department of Justice, the FBI investigated 27 sex misconduct cases aboard aircraft in 2022. But in 2022, that number more than tripled to 90 cases.
Other federal cases filed in the Western District of Washington have prompted the Seattle Times to report on a “disturbing uptick” of sex assaults on aircraft.
Those instances include the assault of a 15-year-old girl on board a flight from Atlanta to Seattle. Another man, James Benecke, is accused of abusive sexual conduct in two separate instances.
See a spelling or grammatical error in our story? Please click here to report it.
Do you have a photo or video of a breaking news story? Send it to us here with a brief description.
Copyright 2024 KTVK/KPHO. All rights reserved.