arts entertainmentPop Music
By Dan SingerAssistant Arts & Entertainment Editor
Assistant Arts & Entertainment Editor
Beyoncé's new album, Act II: Cowboy Carter, arrived March 29, 2024. Fans had been primed for it, but were they ever really prepared?
The anticipation started last month when Beyoncé went full Western chic at the Grammys. Days later at the Super Bowl, she dropped two new songs, “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages.” The first, “Texas Hold ‘Em,” triggered a debate over genre when an Oklahoma country station initially declined to play it.
Beyoncé has said the album was born out of “an experience that I had years ago where I did not feel welcomed,” likely a reference to a 2016 CMAs performance that prompted racist backlash.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
She also said on social media, “This ain’t a Country album. This is a ‘Beyoncé’ album.”
The 27 tracks on the album boast a dizzying lineup of guests ranging from Dolly Parton to Linda Martell. Houston-born Beyoncé collaborated with Texans on the album, too, of course. Here’s a look at two big appearances by Texas stars and how they unfold.
It’s a partnership that would have been unthinkable years ago, but today doesn’t seem so strange. Grapevine-raised Post Malone has been ramping up his interest in country music lately, making a big statement with a November 2023 performance at the CMA Awards alongside Morgan Wallen and Hardy. Next month, he’s set to perform at the blockbuster Stagecoach Festival in Indio, Calif.
On “Levii’s Jeans,” Beyoncé teams up with the Post for a sultry back-and-forth about the storied western wear brand and more. It’s not the only major collaboration he has lined up for the coming months. On April 19, he’ll be on the first track, “Fortnights,” of Taylor Swift’s upcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department.
One month shy of his 91st birthday, Willie shows up not once but twice on the album as a DJ who teases bits of Beyoncé‘s influences. On “Smoke Hour ★ Willie Nelson,” radio stations play snippets of Sister Rosetta Tharpe’s “Down by the River Side,” Chuck Berry’s “Maybellene,” Roy Hamilton’s “Don’t Let Go,” and Son House’s “Grinnin’ In Your Face” before Willie’s voice is heard.
The track comes just before the album launches into “Texas Hold ‘Em,” setting up the single with a nod from Texas’ biggest country hero.
Dan Singer edits coverage of the arts for The Dallas Morning News, including features and breaking news. He also writes occasionally about entertainment. He joined The News in 2020.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.