Twin sisters, Chloe (left) and Kylie Meade, 15, of Wallburg, hold up their handmade signs as they wait in line to attend Saturday’s rally.
Journal
        
In the world according to Donald Trump, pledges and promises are ephemeral things, scribbled in pencil, just in case he’ll need to erase them in a few months … or a few minutes.
And facts are situational.
What is up today may be down tomorrow. What is black may become white.
Consider a new addition to the musical playlists at Trump rallies.
It’s a rendition of the national anthem by some of the people who have been arrested and jailed for the roles they allegedly played in the Jan. 6, 2021, siege of the U.S. Capitol.
On that day, Trump supporters smashed windows, assaulted police, smeared feces on walls, commandeered some congressional offices and threatened to hang the vice president for doing his job.
Or as Trump puts it, were showing their patriotism.
As he did during a visit to Greensboro for a March 2 rally at the Greensboro Coliseum Complex, Trump played the musical video and called the Jan. 6 rioters “hostages” and “heroes” and has vowed (for what that’s worth) to pardon many, if not all, of them.
The song was so popular among True Believers that, for a short while, at least, it vaulted to the top of the charts, outselling Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus on iTunes.
Of course, Trump sang a different song on Jan. 7, 2021. We’ll let him explain in his own words, from an address he gave that day:
“America is, and must always be, a nation of law and order.
“The demonstrators who infiltrated the Capitol have defiled the seat of American democracy.
“To those who engage in the acts of violence and destruction: You do not represent our country, and to those who broke the law: you will pay.”
Today Trump’s paints the rioters as patriots who waged noble resistance against “a stolen election.”
Even some Jan. 6 defendants who tearfully apologized in court and expressed remorse, are now bragging about what they did at the Capitol and fully embracing Trump’s portrayal of them as the true victims of the insurrection. These days you can buy a “Free the Jan. 6 Protesters” T-shirt.
“Some of these people are trying to get a rise out of people, and some of these people are just using it to make a buck,” Capitol Police Officer Harry Dunn told The Associated Press. “People can believe whatever they want to believe, but this is real life.”
Of course, Trump is hardly alone. Fellow Republicans who roundly denounced the Jan. 6 siege and Trump’s instigation of it are also singing a different song today.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in a floor speech in the Senate on Jan. 19, 2021: “There’s no question, none, that President Trump is practically and morally responsible for provoking the events of the day. No question about it. The people who stormed this building believed they were acting on the wishes and instructions of their president.”
O’Connell in 2024: “It is abundantly clear that former President Trump has earned the requisite support of Republican voters to be our nominee for President of the United States. It should come as no surprise that as nominee, he will have my support.”
This is nothing new. Americans have burnished the hard edges of history to justify their own agendas for as long as there has been an America. Witness idealized reimaginings of slavery and the Civil War and the vast preponderance of memorials to the Confederacy in places like, well, North Carolina. Or whole chapters of the past obscured or deleted and left to wither on history’s cutting room floor because of the uncomfortable truths they tell.
But this was only three years ago. How can our memories be so short?
As for Donald Trump, reality is never set in stone. You bend it to suit your needs. Who cares if there’s a video proving you actually did say what you deny saying? Deny it anyway. With conviction. Over and over.
Or have one of your subordinates explain it away as either a misstatement or a calculated distortion by the Liberal Media.
After all, it’s all erasable, written in pencil, and subject to change on a whim.
Who needs real history when you can just make it up as you go?
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
In five chilling syllables, U.S. Sen. Lisa Murkowski, a Republican from Alaska, mustered the courage to admit that she was scared.
Among 381 books that have been removed from the library at the U.S. Naval Academy is Maya Angelou’s best-seller, “I Know Why the Caged Bird Si…
Better mind your health on the winding road to progress.
We’d like to suggest a better name for the bill: the DUH! Act (exclamation point intended) … as in Division of Unfettered Hypocrisy!
The State of North Carolina has not executed a death row inmate in 19 years.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.