Uncle Travis Kelce reporting for duty.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end posed for adorable photos with his friend Chandler Parsons’ baby boy, Chrome, on Thursday.
“Uncle Trav’s in town!” the 5-month-old’s mom, Haylee Parsons, wrote via Instagram Stories, noting that Chrome’s “football pjs were appropriate.”
Kelce, 34, was all smiles in the social media upload as he held the child — and eventually passed him off in order to better sign the little one’s cranial helmet.
“Making cranial helmets cool!” Haylee captioned footage of the “Catching Kelce” alum writing, “OG in the game” in permanent marker.
The NFL star and 35-year-old Chandler, who played for multiple NBA teams from 2011 to 2020, documented their golfing outing earlier that same day.
The pals made headlines for rocking out to Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood” on the green, with Kelce playing air guitar to his girlfriend’s 2014 hit.
While the football player and Swift, also 34, have yet to publicly share any family plans, his teammate Harrison Butker told EWTN News in Depth his hopes for the couple to “get married and start a family” earlier this month.
In December 2023, Donna Kelce hinted at welcoming more grandchildren amid her son’s high-profile romance.
The 71-year-old already has three granddaughters, as her son Jason Kelce shares Wyatt, 4, Elliotte, 3, and Bennie, 1, with his wife, Kylie Kelce.
For more Page Six you love…
Travis often gushes about the little ones, detailing his babysitting experiences in a September 2023 episode of his and Jason’s “New Heights” podcast.
As for the babies in Swift’s life, the Grammy winner became a godmother in 2015 when Jaime King and Kyle Newman’s now-8-year-old son, Leo, arrived.
In 2012, the pop star told Marie Claire she wanted a “minimum” of four children and pictured “a bunch running around.”
At the time, Swift gushed, “[I love] the idea of pouring everything you are into another person when you become a parent.”
The Grammy winner and Travis went public with their romance in September 2023 after spending “a significant amount of time” together, recently returning to the States from a PDA-filled Bahamas vacation.
Advertisement