Taylor Swift has worn easter eggs alluding to the upcoming release of Reputation (Taylor’s Version) for a while now, from her green Gucci dress at this past weekend’s Golden Globes to her black slit dress at the MTV VMAs in September. 
Last night, while out with Blake Lively in New York City, Swift wore one of her most obvious nods to Reputation: a pair of over-the-knee boots with snakes on them by Jimmy Choo x Jean Paul Gaultier. Snakes, of course, were the main imagery for the album. They appeared prominently in her music video for “Look What You Made Me Do,” as just one example. She also wore a $76 Little Lies green velvet minidress and carried a Vivienne Westwood bag. The dress is available for preorder below.
Lively and Swift attended a party at the popular pizzeria Lucali in Brooklyn. 
Swift was photographed out in New York City on Tuesday night too, wearing another green dress: an emerald sweater one from Stella McCartney. Swift paired it with Gucci boots, a tan Stella McCartney coat, and a Saint Laurent bag.
Swift spent most of last week in Los Angeles ahead of the Globes. Her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, spent a little time there too, as the Kansas City Chiefs played the L.A. Chargers on Sunday shortly before the Golden Globes ceremony. Unfortunately, Kelce was not able to attend the award show with Swift given the game’s timing and the fact that playoff season is beginning for the NFL.
Kelce did briefly speak about his upcoming first Valentine’s Day with Swift during his podcast, New Heights, this week though. During an ad segment for Etsy, he teased that he was searching for the perfect gift for her. 
“Whether you’re feeling the Valentine’s Day pressure like Jason and I, or trying to figure out the right gift for a significant other, Etsy is the go-to destination for adding that special touch,” he said, calling the e-commerce platform “the real MVP” when it comes to “finding the perfect game-winning gift for Valentine’s Day.” He gave no other details on his plans for Swift.
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.