Hi, what are you looking for?
British singer-songwriter Henry Moodie chatted about his new single “Beat Up Car,” and being inspired by Taylor Swift.
By
Published
British pop singer-songwriter Henry Moodie chatted about his new single “Beat Up Car,” and being inspired by Taylor Swift.
On his new single, he said, “I was actually in New York when I wrote that. I love New York so much, there is something very main character about it, especially as a British person. We see New York in the movies, and it is such a glamorized place.” 
“When you go to New York, you feel like life is a movie. I wanted to write a song that felt like that, almost. So, I was fantasizing about being in a relationship that almost felt like it was the last scene in a movie with a coming-of-age vibe. The reason I did that was just because I was feeling it even though I am single,” he explained.
“I was fantasizing about being in a picturesque, cinematic relationship,” he added.
He noted that the song “Closure” was about a relationship that he was in that ended. “We ended because our lives were just on different paths,” he said. 
“There wasn’t a specific reason why sometimes you fall out of love with someone. I found that really difficult, so I wished I could pinpoint a reason as to how the song came about,” he said.
On his music and songwriting inspirations, Moodie said, “Genuinely, I am inspired by Taylor Swift. I’m a massive ‘Swiftie.’ Every single album of hers is such an era, and it’s so cohesive. I get inspiration from American country music storytelling.”
Moodie listed “Pick Up the Phone” as his personal favorite song in his catalog. “As an artist, I really wanted to help people that are going through something, and I feel like I did that with that song,” he said.
His biggest musical influences include such British singer-songwriters as Adele, Sam Smith, Emeli Sandé, and James Arthur, as well as American pop star Taylor Swift. “I grew up on British ballad songwriters,” he said.
On being an artist in the digital age, Moodie said, “It’s interesting. I can’t really compare it because I’ve only been an artist in this Internet age. I started off on the independent route, and the reason I got signed, was because I have a phone with an Internet connection.” 
“You can build so much of an audience simply by having a social media presence. A lot is in your control as an artist. I am so grateful for TikTok helping break me,” he said.
“Personally, I think there are ups and downs to both,” he said. “My job is 50 percent social media these days, where artists are spending a lot of time online, which probably isn’t the best for mental health.” 
“Also, without social media, I wouldn’t have been introduced to all of the people that support me. So, social media has its highs and it has its lows,” he elaborated.
For young and aspiring artists, Moodie said, “Take every opportunity as it comes. Keep going at it; obviously, don’t burn yourself out. Practice really makes perfect, especially with songwriting. You have to get through the bad songs to get to the good ones.”
“My method of songwriting is to keep writing continuously,” he said. “Train the muscle, keep going, and then, a great song will come to you. I don’t really sit and wait for a song to come. I’ll turn up every day; turning up is so important because you never know what day you are going to get a good song.”
“You need to keep the faith that the moment is going to come, stay true to yourself as an artist and write the music that you want to write,” he acknowledged. “Especially in the social media world, you need to be consistent. The algorithms really favor consistency.”
Moodie opened up about being signed to Columbia Records. 
“It’s amazing. I am so lucky,” he admitted. “The team is so awesome over there. There are so many big names in music signed to Columbia. It feels so great, I am very grateful to be signed to Columbia Records.”
On April 23 and 24, he will be performing at Baby’s All Right in Brooklyn, New York. 
“I can’t wait,” he exclaimed. “I’ve never done a show in the U.S. This will be my first one ever. I won’t be doing it with my band, it will be just me on stage so I’m a bit nervous. I am so happy to get out and to see everyone, especially since the U.S. has given me so much support.”
“The fans can expect to hear some unreleased music. I am very excited for that,” he said. “I want to treat those shows as an introduction to me. I want to make them intimate and conversational.”
Moodie listed Olivia Rodrigo and Conan Gray as his dream collaboration choices in music. 
“I would love to write with Olivia Rodrigo. I am so inspired by her songwriting,” he said. “I am a massive fan of Conan Gray. I would also love to do something with Taylor Swift, but realistically, that will never happen. When it comes to collaborations, I am an open book.”
On his career-defining moments, he said, “Right now, is a defining moment because I am on my second headlining tour called ‘The Lonely Nights Tour.’ I really feel that this has probably been my favorite experience so far because I have figured out who I am on stage, and my stage presence, and performing with a band has been insane.”
“I genuinely feel so luck to be doing this as a job; it has been a massive ‘pinch me’ moment over the past couple of weeks,” he added.
He revealed that his alternate career choice outside of the entertainment business would have something to do with “geography.” “That is my random hobby, I like learning about the world we live in,” he said.
“Also, as a kid, Geography class was my favorite lesson in school,” he added.
On the title of the current chapter of his life, Moodie said, “The Good Ole Days.” “I feel like I’m going to look back at these times and call them the ‘good ole days’,” he explained.
His favorite motto to live by is the following: “Be where you are, otherwise, you will miss your life.” “I’m trying to embrace everything, be grateful for everything, and just chill out because I am a really anxious person,” he said.
On his definition of the word success, he said, “As an artist, success to me is being able to help somebody going through a hard time with my music. Success, to me, is not a number, it is about emotionally moving people with my music.”
Moodie remarked about the new single, “This is the song that you can blast in your car with your best friends on a road trip. This is what I want people to get out of the song.”
“Beat Up Car” is available on digital service providers by clicking here.
To learn more about British singer-songwriter Henry Moodie, follow him on Instagram.
Markos Papadatos is Digital Journal's Editor-at-Large for Music News.
Papadatos is a Greek-American journalist and educator that has authored over 22,000 original articles over the past 18 years. He has interviewed some of the biggest names in music, entertainment, lifestyle, magic, and sports. He is a 16-time "Best of Long Island" winner, where for three consecutive years (2020, 2021, and 2022), he was honored as the "Best Long Island Personality" in Arts & Entertainment, an honor that has gone to Billy Joel six times.
Prime Minister Mark Carney promised to oversee the biggest transformation of Canada's economy since the end of the Second World War.
Jean-Paul Lalonde was in a classroom in Sudbury, Ontario, helping students with physical disabilities find the right technology to access education.
General Motors said Friday it would reduce the number of shifts at a truck assembly plant in Canada.
Google is facing a demand by the US government to break up its hugely profitable ad technology business after a judge found the tech...
COPYRIGHT © 1998 - 2024 DIGITAL JOURNAL INC. Sitemaps: XML /  News .

Digital Journal is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more about our external linking.