Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
It's unclear why Kelce declined his personal invitation. 
Contact us by Email
March 29 2024, Published 6:00 a.m. ET
Move over, Kardashians! Travis Kelce's family continues to reap the rewards of his romance with Taylor Swift — with TV networks reportedly willing to offer a blank check for a warts-and-all reality deal that would earn them mega millions, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
Networks are not just focusing on Travis, but also his big brother, retired NFL star Jason Kelce, and his wife Kylie. 
Sources revealed Swift and Kelce received individual invitations to the Met Gala. 
"Producers are sniffing around the entire Kelce family, especially Jason and his wife Kylie," a source spilled to Star magazine. "The idea is to make them a more relatable version of the Kardashians." 
"The level of interest in the Kelces since Travis started dating Taylor has not gone unnoticed in Hollywood, but it's also very clear that they're super thirsty for attention." 
Travis signed a $32.45million extension deal with the Kansas City Chiefs this year.
Travis and Jason's podcast, New Heights, is already a smash hit — it recently took home Podcast of the Year at iHeartMedia's 2024 iHeartPodcast Awards. 
The tipster noted Travis, 34, and Jason, 36, "are clearly embracing every moneymaking opportunity that comes along and they have no problem oversharing, so a reality show seems to be a no-brainer." 
Sources claimed producers are eyeing the entire Kelce family, including Jason and his wife Kylie.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
As OKMagazine.com reported, the brothers talk freely on their popular podcast — and seemingly no topics are off limits, including starting a family with the mega pop star! 
During a recent episode, Travis and Jason — who are 6'5 and 6'3 respectively — joked about their above-average heights and fathering a "lab grown NBA player." 
As the brothers laughed about their heights, the Kansas City Chiefs star seemingly suggested he's ready to start a family! 
Travis and Jason aren't afraid to dish details of their lives on their 'New Heights' podcast 
Travis said, "Can't wait til I f------ make one!" before awkwardly taking a sip of his drink. 
The Super Bowl winner's candid comment comes as his relationship with Swift, 34, heats up. 
The lovebirds were recently spotted on a romantic vacation as the Cruel Summer singer takes a break from her international Eras Tour dates.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Travis and Taylor jetted off to the Bahamas for a little R&R. The couple spared no expense as they checked-in at the luxury Rosalita House on Harbour Island, an oceanfront mansion that runs upwards of $15,000 per night. 
Hollywood's hottest couple were tucked away at the mansion that sits on a private island that's shielded by a 25-foot dune. Despite the secluded digs, paparazzi managed to snap photos of the two cozy on the beach, enveloped by each other's company. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.