By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  12:33, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  12:42, 29 March 2024   
 10
View  comments
Christine Lampard and Ellie Simmonds showed off their moves on Friday as they attempted the viral TikTok line dance inspired by Beyonce's new country album.
Celebrating the Cowboy Carter release on Lorraine Kelly, the presenting duo looked like natural dancers as they grooved to the beat of Texas Hold' Em.
With a pink fluffy cowboy hat in hand, Christine, 45, flashed a smile as she introduced a line dancing teacher to the studio.
The WAG and Ellie, 29, were eager to join the millions of content creators to record a barrel dance routine of their own.
Wearing a cream knitted co-ord, Christine said: 'Her [Beyonce] country album is finally out today, so we thought we would give the routine a go.'
Christine Lampard (pictured) and Ellie Simmonds got into the country spirit on Friday as they attempted the viral TikTok line dance inspired by Beyonce's new country album
Celebrating the Cowboy Carter release on Lorraine Kelly , the presenting duo looked like natural dancers as they chacha and half-turned to the beat of Texas Hold' Em
Joined by Gladiator's Nitro, she and Ellie joined the instructor as he took them through a less-than-straightforward routine.
Starting off with a quick Cha-Cha, the duo soon clapped and kicked back to the beat of the new hit track.
Ellie fully embraced the new teaching as she swung her black hat and thrust her hips round and round in her fabulous pink leopard-print dress.
Beyonce, 42, thrilled her fans with her new release as she entered her country era with her eighth record. 
It features a 27-long tracklist and is 80 minutes long, with fans calling it the 'album of the year' minutes after its release. 
The record - which has a brief appearance from her youngest daughter, Rumi, six - features a modern take on Dolly Parton's, 78, classic 1973 hit 'Jolene', where Beyonce warns, 'I'm warning you: don't come for my man.' 
Miley Cyrus, 31, is also among the big names lending her vocals to Beyonce's new album, on the track II Most Wanted.
Aside from Dolly, there are also spoken word interludes by country legend Willie Nelson, 90. They are among a slew of music stars appearing on the album.
Beyonce , 42, thrilled her fans with her new release as she entered her country era with her eighth record 
With a pink fluffy cowboy hat in hand, Christine, 45, flashed a pearly white smile as she introduced a line dancing teacher to the studio
The WAG and Ellie, 29, were eager to join the millions of content creators and record a barrel dance routine of their own
Thrilled fans took online following the album's release with praise for the superstar. 
Many already claimed the record was the 'album of the year' minutes after it was released. Others dubbed her 'cowgirl Beyonce.'
Beyonce's listeners loved the numerous collaborations on the record, including the one with Miley (born Destiny Hope Cyrus), with one joking 'Destiny Hope and Destiny Child on the same song is history' in reference to Beyonce's former girl group Destiny's Child.
'The way I'm loving these collabs,' another fan chimed in. 'Beyonce got Post Malone into a country song. We won so hard.'
Dolly's contribution to the record was brought up in many comments, and Beyonce's take on Jolene earned her much praise.
'Damn now Jolene got 2 divas looking for her,' one fan hilariously pointed out.
The praise continued with another fan adding, 'We are seeing history being written.' 
'Queen Beyonce has arrived!' yet another one wrote. 'Dolly!!! And Beee!' another fan added. 
Dolly and Willie serve as DJ's on Country Carter's abstract KNTRY radio station. They introduce several tracks on the album.
Beyonce's new version of Jolene is as a continuation to Lemonade‘s 'Sorry,' where she sings about a 'Becky with the good hair.'
The star entered her country era with her eighth record, which features a 27-long tracklist and is 80 minutes long, with fans calling it the 'album of the year' minutes after its release
The record features a modern take on Dolly Parton's, 78, classic 1973 hit 'Jolene', where Beyonce warns, 'I'm warning you: don't come for my man'; Parton seen in 2023
Beyonce's new version of Jolene is as a continuation to Lemonade‘s 'Sorry,' where she sings about a 'Becky with the good hair' 
On track nine, Dolly starts off by asking, 'You know that hussy with the good hair you sing about? Reminded me of someone I knew back when'
Miley Cyrus is among the big names lending her vocals to Beyonce's album; Cyrus pictured last month 
Post Malone, 28, is also featured on the record, and lends his voice to the track Levii's Jeans; seen in 2024
On track nine, Dolly starts off by asking, 'You know that hussy with the good hair you sing about?'
'Reminded me of someone I knew back when, except she has flaming locks of auburn hair. Bless her heart! Just a hair of a different color, but it hurts just the same.'
Meanwhile Beyonce twists the lyrics from the original as she sings: 'You're beautiful beyond compare/ takes more than beauty to take up the stares to come between a family and a happy man.' 
'Jolene, I'm a woman too/The games you play are nothing new/ So you don’t want no heat with me, Jolene.'
'Been deep in love for 20 years/I raised that man, I raised his kids/ I know my man better than he knows himself,' Beyonce goes on. 
'I can easily understand why you're attracted to my man, but you don't want the smoke/So shoot your shot with someone else/You heard me!' 
The track seems to continue on from where Beyonce left off on her track 'Sorry' from 2016’s Lemonade, in which she sings to a woman that’s been sleeping with her husband.
Though she's never confirmed the lyrics are about her husband Jay-Z, it's been long-speculated that the song is about a supposed affair.
'He only want me when I’m not on there/He better call Becky with the good hair,' she sings.
Thrilled fans took online following the album's release with praise for the superstar
Right after the album was released fans flocked online and dubbed it the 'album of the year' 
'The album of the year is finally out' 
Many of Beyonce's listeners loved the numerous collaborations on the record, including the one with Miley Cyrus (born Destiny Hope Cyrus), with one joking 'Destiny Hope and Destiny Child on the same song is history' in reference to Beyonce's former girl group Destiny's Child
'The way I'm loving these collabs,' another fan chimed in
'Beyonce got Post Malone into a country song. We won so hard'
The praise continued with another fan adding, 'We are seeing history being written'
'Queen Beyonce has arrived!' one wrote 
'Dolly!!! And Beee!' another fan added
Dolly's contribution to the record was brought up in many comments 
Beyonce's take on Jolene earned her much praise. 'Damn now Jolene got 2 divas looking for her,' one fan hilariously pointed out
'Living Legends,' one commentator called Dolly and Bey
Others dubbed her 'cowgirl Beyonce' 
A Twitter user raved about Beyonce's 'versatility' 
'MOTHER,' one avid fan called the singer
Post Malone, 28, is another big name appearing on the album - he also lends his voice to the track Levii's Jeans. 
She has also collaborated with Linda Martell, the first Black female solo artist to perform at the Grand Ole Opry, as well as Black country musicians Willie Jones, Rhiannon Giddens, and Tanner Adell.
The songstress also covered the classic Beatles track Blackbird. An interpolation of the Beach Boys song Good Vibrations also appears in her track Ya Ya.
It comes after Beyonce revealed the tracklist for her debut country album. 'Cowboy Carter and the Rodeo Chitlin' Circuit,' reads the vintage country style graphic she shared Wednesday on Instagram. 'Brought to you by Kntry Radio Texas.' 
Parton told Knox News earlier this month that she 'heard' Bey laid down a cover of her song Jolene, which she 'hopes' to be true.
'Well, I think she has!' said Parton. 'I think she’s recorded "Jolene" and I think it’s probably gonna be on her country album, which I’m very excited about that.
'I love her! She’s a beautiful girl and a great singer,' she raved.
Parton said she and Beyoncé have 'sent messages back and forth through the years,' leading up to the cover.
On Wednesday, Beyoncé graced fans with the tracklist for her debut country album 
Beyonce previously teased that she 'collaborated with some brilliant artists who I deeply respect,' which also includes Willie Nelson
In addition to the previously released singles 'Texas Hold 'Em' and '16 Carriages', the rest of the list includes such songs as 'Ameriican Requiem', 'Blackbiird', 'Protector' and 'My Rose'
'And she and her mother were like fans, and I was always touched that they were fans, and I always thought she was great,' added Parton.
Beyoncé previously teased that she 'collaborated with some brilliant artists who I deeply respect,' prompting fans to speculate about a track with Taylor Swift.
Although there's no sign of Swift, another country legend appears on the tracklist with the song 'Smoke Hour' featuring Willie Nelson. 
In addition to the previously released singles 'Texas Hold 'Em' and '16 Carriages', the rest of the list includes such songs as 'Ameriican Requiem', 'Blackbiird', 'Protector' and 'My Rose'.
'Bodyguard', 'Dolly P', 'Daughter', 'Spaghetti', 'Alliigator Tears', 'Smoke Hour II', 'Just for Fun', 'II Most Wanted', 'Levii's Jeans', 'Flamenco', 'The Linda Martell Show', 'Ya Ya', 'Oh Louisiana', 'Desert Eagle', 'Riiverdance', 'II Hands II Heaven', 'Tyrant', 'Sweet Honey Buckin' and 'Amen' round out the list.
Beyoncé previously debuted the album cover earlier this month as she announced the Cowboy Carter title and March 29 release date.
1. Ameriican Requiem
2. Blackbiird (feat. Tanner Ardell)
3. 16 Carriages
4. Protector
5. My Rose
6. Smoke Hour (Willie Nelson intro)
7. Texas Hold 'Em
8. Bodyguard
9. Dolly P." (Dolly Patron intro)
10. Jolene
11. Daughter
12. Spaghetti (feat. Shaboozey)
13. Alligator Tears
14. Smoke Hour II
15. Just For Fun 
16. II Most Wanted (feat. Miley Cyrus)
17. Levii's jeans (feat. Post Malone)
18. Flamenco 
19. The Linda Martell Show (intro by Linda Martell)
20. YaYa (feat. Willie Jones)
21. Oh Louisiana
22. Desert Eagle
23. Riverdance
24. II Hands II Heaven
25. Tyrant (feat. Dolly Parton)
26. Sweet Honey Buckin'
27. Amen

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group