In a few short hours, Penn Staters will discover the Movin’ On 2024 lineup after months of anticipation ever since J.I.D, Neon Trees, COIN, and more graced the IM Fields last April. 
The annual music festival will take place on the last day of classes, Friday, April 26, at the IM Fields to celebrate Nittany Lion seniors who are soon to move on. Before folks uncover the lineup, our staff took a crack at predicting the event’s headliner. 
I can’t think of a better pick for Movin’ On than Australia native Vance Joy. He has enough of a following for people to know some of his more popular songs, but he isn’t selling out massive arenas yet to be too busy for us folks here in Happy Valley.
After attending one of Vance Joy’s concerts, I can personally say that it was one of the most high energy, feel-good nights of my life. I think this is the perfect fit to bring all types of music lovers and ages together. And selfishly, for my first Movin’ On, I would love to see him again.
To be frank, I’m not a fan of Movin’ On. I’m not a concert person in general and the lineups the past two years have let me down. Because of that, I can only think of one thing that could draw me to the IM Fields at the end of this semester: the electric accordion of Weird Al Yankovic. If you think about it, he checks all the boxes. He plays songs everyone knows (kind of), and he’s spent a lot of time on the Billboard Top 100 (it’s true). If nothing else, he probably wouldn’t be too hard to get. Please, Movin’ On. Help me believe again.
Every Movin’ On or THON, someone on staff calls for Big Time Rush to make a guest appearance, so why not keep the tradition going? The band holds a special spot in most college kids’ hearts as the band grew in popularity during our childhood.
There’s no doubt the group would rock as the headliner of Movin’ On 2024. With songs that everyone can jam to like “Boyfriend” or “Worldwide,” no one would be disappointed. Although this is likely not to happen, one can hope to end the year on the best note.
GloRilla is one of the fastest rising stars in hip-hop right now. With that said, she still hasn’t broken too far into mainstream to the point where she’d be too expensive to book. With a great catalogue for a young college crowd, I think she’d be a perfect choice.
I think Wallows would be the perfect group to headline Movin’ On. With two new singles recently released and its third studio album “Model” set to release at the end of May, Movin’ On would be a perfect way to perform to a crowd perfectly curated to its demographic before touring in August. 
Performing at something like this isn’t totally out of their normal either. Last May, Wallows headlined the University of California at Riverside and Irvine’s spring festivals and Arizona State’s “Infernofest” in August 2022. Wallow’s popularity is definitely on the up, but I feel like right now is the perfect point in its career where it wouldn’t be too big for Penn State to have at Movin’ On, and the majority of students will definitely know its more popular songs like “Are You Bored Yet” and “Remember When.” With its upbeat alternative music, Wallows would surely put on an amazing performance that students will enjoy.
The past few weeks, I’ve been digging back in my Spotify archives to rediscover some tunes I enjoyed in high school. This just so happened to coincide with this predictions post going up. In my exploration of my past lives, Charli XCX stuck out to me. She’s just so much fun, and I genuinely think she would make the crowd go wild. With older songs like “Boom Clap” and “Break The Rules” plus new songs like “Speed Drive” from the Barbie movie, I really think Charli XCX would get the Movin’ On crowd on its feet. Subtle flex: I saw her open for Taylor Swift on the Reputation tour, and she has such good stage presence and energy. I’d love to see her again!
F— the big three, it’s just big me.
Can Movin’ On land Kendrick Lamar? K-Dot? Kung Fu Kenny? Mr. Morale? King Kendrick? No, it cannot. Would I commit devious actions to see Mr. Duckworth himself in person again? Absolutely. Kendrick, if for some reason, you find yourself reading this article, please come to Movin’ On. I’ll do just about anything. I need to hear “Like That” live more than Mike Rhoades needs the transfer portal. 
Briston Maroney fits the bill as an ideal Movin’ On headliner. I mean, imagine hearing “Freakin’ Out on the Interstate” the weekend before graduation. Hell.
Maroney wraps up his tour on April 20 in Charleston, South Carolina, before kicking off the festival segment of his summer music spell, providing the perfect break to touch down in Happy Valley. 
I recently rediscovered Aloe Blacc’s music, and after being reminded of the great vibes he creates, I believe it’s time to see him at Movin’ On. With hits like “The Man,” “I Need A Dollar,” and “Wake Me Up,” Aloe Blacc would light up the IM Fields. He currently has no upcoming tours scheduled, but there’s an option on his website to request a show, so it seems like Movin’ On could get him to Penn State at the click of a button.
While I’d love to dream big and say that one of my favorite artists like Noah Kahan would come to Movin’ On, I know that’s just a pipe dream, so I decided to think rationally. Mt. Joy is another one of my favorite artists, and the band happens to be from Philadelphia, which means if it’s home, it’s a short drive from State College. Movin’ On usually chooses a hip-hop artist to headline, but Mt. Joy could make for a great secondary act that fits a different genre.
Please choose an option below.
Posts from the all-student staff of Onward State.
“What’s funny to me is that after spending so much time telling other people’s stories, I conclude my time here by writing about my own.”
Jacob Francis and Jayson Archer are each accused of leading violent hazing rituals against new members.
The rock band debuted its unreleased single “Easy Come, Easy Go,” along with crowd favorites like “Gives You Hell” and “Dirty Little Secret.”
Δ
This year’s class of freshmen took their time to reflect back on their first year here in Happy Valley.
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State