Sunny. High 67F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
Clear skies. Low near 40F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:54 am
Sunny. High 67F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
Clear skies. Low near 40F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:54 am
(KMAland) -- Missouri lawmakers are concerned with protecting people from the potential risks of the increasing accessibility of AI-generated images and videos.
The Innovation and Technology Committee is planning to vote on the Taylor Swift Act, a bill aiming to make it illegal to publish or threaten to publish AI-generated sexually explicit images of people.
Rep. Adam Schwadron, R-St. Charles, authored the bill and said it is important to be proactive in protecting ordinary citizens.
"They were able to take it down for her," Schwadron acknowledged. "However, common Missourians would not have the same protections afforded to her. Not everyone is Taylor Swift."
The bill would allow victims of the fake image attacks to sue the creator in civil court and recover the offending images. Rep. Bridgette Walsh, D-St. Louis, also supports the bill and said it is necessary in this day and age, given how easy videos and images are to access and create.
Schwadron noted while they will need to learn how to track items originating from the dark web, he is optimistic the legislation will cover most common offenses.
"The cases that we are seeing across the country of classmates that are being attacked by other classmates of theirs that is creating these images and it's affecting young girls and even boys and those are a lot easier to track when they're being shared from phone to phone," Schwadron explained.
Schwadron added the name "Taylor Swift Act" was fitting due to her ties with the state of Missouri and her recent ordeal with explicit deepfakes.
At KMA, we attempt to be accurate in our reporting. If you see a typo or mistake in a story, please contact us by emailing kmaradio@kmaland.com.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: