Border Business | Sponsored Content  RGV Health
WESLACO, Texas – State Rep. Terry Canales has won praise from the business community for sending a letter to Gov. Greg Abbott requesting urgent assistance in addressing the “water crisis” faced by the Lower Rio Grande Valley.
Among the business leaders agreeing with Canales’ actions are Daniel Silva, president of the Rio Grande Valley Partnership, and Rick Carrera, director of economic development for the Council for South Texas Economic Progress (COSTEP).
“We appreciate all the efforts Chairman Canales is doing in the area of water policy and all the awareness that he is bringing to the issue,” Silva said.
“We are in dire need of a solution, so it is an issue that we need to address. Writing to the governor to request additional resources for our region is important because the Valley is growing fast.”
The Rio Grande Guardian International News Service secured its exclusive interview with Silva at the conclusion of the RGV Partnership’s latest commercialization and investment tour. Realtors, land developers and bankers visited Glazer’s Beer and Beverage facility within Weslaco’s newest industrial park.
“Today we’re having a commercial investment tour and all the tenants in this industrial park are going to consume a lot of water. If we have to limit that growth because we don’t have the resources, it just stifles our development. We don’t want to lose momentum,” Silva said.
In his letter to Gov. Abbott, Canales cited the imminent closure of the Rio Grande Valley’s sugar mill due to water supply issues. He also highlighted a planned moratorium by the City of Mission on residential development exceeding five acres. Mission Mayor Norie Gonzalez Garza said this is due concerns over water supply.
“The Rio Grande Valley cannot continue to rely on luck to ensure there is enough water for our region’s farmers and residents. The time to act is now,” Canales said.
“Our area’s only path forward is greater collaboration on a regional approach to securing new water sources. This will require concerted effort and coordination among irrigation districts, water providers, and area leaders, and I believe that with the Governor’s support, we can work together to pave the way for a sustainable and secure water future for our region.”
Bravo said the RGVP’s leader. 
“I applaud Chairman Canales in his efforts. Losing the sugar mill due to a lack of reliable water is huge for our region. It is detrimental to the region, and I really would like to see efforts be made so that way we don’t have to stop our growth, and we can continue to take care of our people and our businesses,” Silva said.
Here is the letter Rep. Canales, chairman of the House Committee on Transportation, sent to Gov. Abbott:
March 27, 2024
The Honorable Greg Abbott
Governor of Texas
P.O. Box 12428
Austin, Texas 78711
Dear Governor Abbott,
I am writing to urgently request your assistance in addressing the critical water challenges currently faced by the Lower Rio Grande Valley, specifically concerning the imminent threat to our residents and our farmers. The situation has reached a point of crisis, and I believe a declaration of emergency is essential to mobilize the necessary resources and support for our community. 
Under the authority vested in your office by Section 418.014 of the Texas Government Code, please declare a state of disaster in our region and, pursuant to 418.017, authorize the use of all available resources of state government that are reasonably necessary to deal with this disaster.
As you are aware, Lower Rio Grande Valley farmers are running out of vital irrigation water. Compounding this issue is the alarming delay by Mexico in fulfilling its obligations under the 1944 Water Treaty, exacerbating the water shortage for our local farmers. We must find a means of applying pressure on Mexico to comply with the treaty and release the water owed to the United States. I kindly request your assistance in urging the United States State Department to enforce the treaty and ensure that Mexico fulfills its obligations promptly.
The consequences of the water scarcity in our region are already devastating. The recent closure of the only operating sugar mill in Texas after more than 50 years in business is a clear indication of the economic impact on our community. This closure has resulted in job losses and financial setbacks for our region, with agriculture contributing around $1 billion annually to our economy and providing approximately 8,400 full-time jobs. We are perilously close to losing a crucial economic pillar, and immediate action is imperative.
In our fast-growing region, development is beginning to slow due to current water supplies, with numerous communities lacking the water to service new commercial and residential customers. Recently, the city of Mission added an item to its council agenda that could put a moratorium on all new residential and commercial developments over 5 acres. Other communities across our area are facing similar challenges, which greatly endangers future development. If we don’t start turning the ship now, the Rio Grande Valley ultimately faces the threat of the taps running dry.
To address the long-term water challenges faced by the Rio Grande Valley, our only path forward is greater collaboration on a regional approach to securing new water sources. This will require concerted efforts and coordination among various stakeholders, and I believe that with your support, we can pave the way  for a sustainable and secure water future for our community.
In light of the severity of the situation, I urgently request additional state resources to be allocated to address the immediate water needs of our community. The Lower Rio Grande Valley is in desperate need of assistance to prevent further economic losses and job layoffs. I trust that your swift action on this matter will make a significant difference in preserving the livelihoods of our residents and the economic well-being of our region.
Thank you for your attention to this matter, and I look forward to your prompt response and support in resolving the water crisis facing the Lower Rio Grande Valley.
Very truly yours,
Terry Canales
State Representative District 40
cc: Maria-Elena Giner, Commissioner of the International Boundary and Water Commission (IWBC)
Brooke Paup, Chairwomen of the Texas Water Development Board
RGVP’s Silva said he was pleased, also, that the head of the U.S. section of the International Boundary Water Commission, Maria-Elena Giner, is coming to the Valley to explain the latest efforts to get Mexico to send more water to the Lower Rio Grande Valley and Tamaulipas. 
Giner will discuss negotiations for a new minute order related a water sharing treaty signed by the United States and Mexico in 1944. Giner will speak at a meeting of the Lower Rio Grande Citizens Forum on Tuesday, April 2. The meeting will be held at IBWC’s Mercedes field office, starting at 3:00 p.m. The address is: 325 Golf Course Road, Mercedes. 
“I would definitely like to listen to what Commissioner Giner has to say. It will be great to have her come down to give us an update. We need the commissioner to know we are rallying together on the water issue. The Partnership is going to start advocating so we can have legislation developed for the next session related to future water supplies.”
Silva added that the Partnership will be taking a delegation to Washington, D.C., in June. He said water would be one of the top agenda items. 
The Guardian also interviewed COSTEP’s Carrera at the RGVP’s commercialization and investment tour in Weslaco.
Carrera said some of the businesses his organization is working to bring to South Texas will need a lot of water. 
“Besides the water treaty, the long-term answer is going to have to include looking at engineering techniques, designs, and utilizing the water in as many ways as possible. Even beyond reverse osmosis systems, you’re going to be looking at using purple water, as they refer to it, reusing water, that kind of thing,” Carrera said.
“Moving forward, regardless whether a new minute to the water treaty is signed or not, in my opinion, as we go further and further into the future techniques like that are going to need to be utilized for new development. Maybe not in the near future but as we move forward, it is definitely something that is going to have to be addressed.”
Like RGVP’s Silva, COSTEP’s Carrera thanked Rep. Canales for bringing water supply to the top of the Valley’s agenda.
“Water is not an infinite resource and I think as a population, myself included, we need to understand that as the population grows… the water systems down here were set up for small Ag and a population that was a tiny percentage of what we are now. So, we need to treat it that way,” Carrera said.
“The fact that Chairman Canales is bringing this to light is a big plus for us and a big plus for the entire Rio Grand River Basin for that matter, because there are neighboring communities upriver from us that are being affected as well.”
We are interested about hearing news in our community! Let us know what's happening!
Get in touch and share a story!
is News Director for the Rio Grande Guardian International News Service.

				The $72 million project is designed to clean and purify salt water from the Gulf of Mexico and turn it into potable drinking water.			

Read More »


				The Rio Grande International Study Center says funding is needed for water security, conservation, and dam repairs on the Rio Grande. "This river is our…			

Read More »


				Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller reacts to the passage of Senate Concurrent Resolution 13, authored by state Sen. Adam Hinojosa.			

Read More »












Subscribe

 










You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Have a question? Contact us or review our privacy policy for more information.
No paywall here. We rely on reader donations so that everyone can access our impactful, public-service journalism.
The Rio Grande Guardian was the first online newspaper to launch on the South Texas border, starting out in July, 2005. It is still the market leader, setting the pace and breaking news often before traditional media outlets.
Sign up for updates from the South Texas border.











Subscribe

You can cancel your subscription at any time.
 










You can cancel your subscription at any time.
Copyright © 2025 Rio Grande Guardian | Powered by Indiegraf Media
Code of Ethics | Privacy Policy | Subscription Agreement | Terms of Use

Username or Email Address



Password


 Remember Me
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.