Plans to introduce a 'trackless tram' or 'glider' form of public transport that could take passengers to Liverpool Airport, Anfield and other key parts of the city region are being worked up.
For a long time now transport bosses in the city region have been trying to figure out new ways to transport large numbers of people around the region and to crucial destinations that are not currently well-served by public transport.
Metro Mayor Steve Rotheram, who is hoping to secure a third term in his position in May's elections, has already pledged to increase the reach of the Merseyrail train network - with plans to build new stations at Woodchurch in Wirral, Carr Mill in St Helens and Daresbury in Halton.
MORE: Children report 'inappropriate' Hillsborough comment from teacher
MORE: Roads closed after two men stabbed in shoulder, hands, chest and back
But for some locations, the idea of extending the Merseyrail network is not feasible. Chief among these locations is Liverpool John Lennon Airport (LJLA).
Liverpool South Parkway is promoted as the station for LJLA and is well-connected to the airport. But it is three miles away.
There's an obvious issue when considering linking the rail network to the airport - there are many things in the way. There are houses, buildings, roads, shops, cables and plenty of other things that would make it difficult to plan a route.
It would be an enormously expensive and complex job to try and work out a rail route through either an overground or underground line and could take a very long time to plan and build.
Another location that has long been associated with clamour for a Merseyrail station is Liverpool's Anfield stadium. As well as hosting the home games of one of the world's most famous football clubs, the stadium also welcomes concerts from some of the biggest global stars on the planet - including a certain Taylor Swift who is appearing this summer.
With huge numbers of people regularly flowing in and out of the stadium, there has long been talk of the idea of a new Merseyrail station to help that flow. The nearest stations on the line are currently Sandhills and Kirkdale, both around a 20-30 minute walk away.
Once again the idea is a challenging one. Any extension of a rail line is expensive and such a project could be disruptive to the many residents who live close to the famous ground.
For some time now, there has been talk of a potential alternative solution to some of these big transport challenges and it now clear that a trackless tram or glider is the preferred option of Mayor Rotheram and his team.
Launching his campaign for a third term as Metro Mayor of the Liverpool City Region, Mayor Rotheram pledged that if he is re-elected, he will introduce a trackless tram network, which he said would be similar to the Belfast Glider.
The Belfast Glider was first launched in 2018 to improve mass transit in the Northern Irish capital. Their service runs two separate routes, totalling 15.2 miles in length and uses both dedicated bus lanes and mixed traffic lanes. The scheme cost around £100m in total.
In his campaign speech, Mayor Rotheram gave some details about where he would see a trackless tram network operating in the Liverpool City Region and when he hopes to achieve this by.
He said: "If I’m re-elected, we will introduce a trackless tram network - similar to the Belfast Glider. A new rapid transit system that could expand and extend to other areas of the region.
"New services will run between Liverpool City Centre and Liverpool John Lennon Airport and to both Anfield and the new stadium at Bramley Moore Dock for the Euros in 2028."
He added: "They will carry more passengers - and deliver express services - cutting down on journey times -offering a sleek, modern way of getting around."
The Liverpool Daily Post newsletter delves into the biggest stories on Merseyside
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.