Taylor Swift fans are eagerly awaiting The Eras Tour, which is due to hit Great Britain this summer, but there are some issues there.
Tickets for the star's tour dates sold out almost instantly across the UK. She'll not only be playing London's Wembley Stadium this year, but also Cardiff's Principality Stadium, Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium and Liverpool's Anfield Stadium.
However, if you want to purchase some last-minute tickets for the star's shows, your best bet may come from another country.
Betway Casino just combed through all of the details surrounding a 24-hour trip to a European country from the UK to see Taylor Swift this year, and how much it will cost overall.
And, unexpectedly, France came out on top, as the flight time, transport costs and price of meals are the lowest.
  READ MORE    Taylor Swift resale tickets for Eras Tour UK and how to get them  
Taylor Swift tickets have been hard to come by but you can still secure your own tickets at her last 2024 Eras Tour shows in the UK using viagogo.
Click here to get yours now. 
Vivid Seats is also a ticket resale website that is selling Taylor Swift tickets to fans through the second-hand market.
Click here to get yours now.
Taylor is playing Paris, France, four times this year. She'll be playing the continent on May 9, 10, 11 and 12 at the Paris La Défense Arena.
According to Betway Casino, the flight times to Paris average 1 hour 15 minutes, while the cost of public transport is just £1.80, and a meal out averages to just £15.40.
As a result, Paris has been dubbed the best country for British Swifties to visit this year to see the star perform her Eras Tour.
If France is still too far away for you - Ireland is a close second.
You can buy flights to France here from British Airways, or if you'd rather use Jet2, this is the link you need.
British Airways is offering cheap flights to Europe as part of its biggest sale of the year, with some one-way tickets on sale for less than £40 per person each way. Dates and routes may vary.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Taylor Swift is playing Dublin, Ireland's Aviva Stadium from June 28 to June 30, this year, and is another great chance for Swifties to get involved on a budget.
The average flight time to the country from Great Britain is also around 1 hour 15 minutes, and the cost of public transport comes in at just £1.71.
On top of that, the cost of eating out is just £17.11 per person, keeping the overall price almost as low as Paris France.
Therefore, if you're keen to carry out an extremely quick 24 hour trip to see Taylor Swift at a neighbouring country, these countries could be your best chance.
Tickets for Taylor Swift were released back in August, but quickly sold out.
While Ticketmaster is offering resale tickets, they have been very few and far between.
As a result, many fans have flocked to sites like viagogo and Vivid Seats to get their spot at the tour.
You can read all about how to get tickets using our guide here.
Taylor Swift tickets have been hard to come by but you can still secure your own tickets at her last 2024 Eras Tour shows in the UK using viagogo.
Click here to get yours now. 
Vivid Seats is also a ticket resale website that is selling Taylor Swift tickets to fans through the second-hand market.
Click here to get yours now.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated