By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:28, 30 March 2024   |  Updated:  23:40, 30 March 2024   
 114
View  comments
Andrew Garfield was seen out with new girlfriend Dr. Kate Tomas in Los Angeles this weekend.
On Friday night the 40-year-old actor — who was spotted with model Olivia Brower in London earlier this year — was joined by Phoebe Bridgers and Bo Burnham for a double date in Malibu.
Garfield put on a cozy display with Dr. Tomas, who was clad in a long, orange and green floral-print dress.
He held hands with his new love as he stepped out in a gray sweater and black baseball cap.
The actor added a dark pair of trousers and multicolor pastel sneakers while braving the rainy night in Southern California. 
Andrew Garfield was seen out with new girlfriend Dr. Kate Tomas in Los Angeles this weekend
Garfield put on a cozy display with Dr. Tomas, who was clad in a long, orange and green floral-print dress
He held hands with his new love as he stepped out in a gray sweater and black baseball cap
On Friday night the 40-year-old actor was joined by Phoebe Bridgers and Bo Burnham for a double date in Malibu
Dr. Tomas, whose website describes her as a 'spiritual mentor,' rounded out her colorful look with a pair of textured purple loafers.
Her raven locks were loose, styled with face-framing bangs and curls that fell over her chest.
She carried her belongings in a black leather pouch and appeared to be in great spirits as she engaged in conversation with the group.
Garfield wrapped his arm around her neck at one point as the friends walked and chatted after leaving Zinqué restaurant. 
For his part, Bo was dressed in a black jacket, dark pants, and black and white Nike sneakers.
And Phoebe was in an all-black getup that included leggings, chunky loafers, a mini skirt, and a moto jacket.
Her shoulder-length bright blonde locks were kept out of her face with a contrasting black headband.
Dr. Tomas offers readings and consultings on her site and her work has been mentioned in numerous publications including Vogue and NBC News.
The actor added a dark pair of trousers and multicolor pastel sneakers while braving the rainy night in Southern California
Garfield and Dr. Kate wrapped their arms around each other 
For his part, Bo was dressed in a black jacket, dark pants, and black and white Nike sneakers
The new couple interlocked their fingers in a loved-up display. Andrew was clean-shaven for the night out
Dr. Tomas, whose website describes her as a 'spiritual mentor,' rounded out her colorful look with a pair of textured purple loafers
The date night comes after Andrew was thought to have confirmed a romance with Brower back in January.
At the time, the Spider-Man actor and the Sports Illustrated model looked close as they put on a public display of affection near his London home.
Pictures obtained by The Sun showed the pair sharing a tight embrace before Andrew helped her load her luggage into a taxi and waved her off.
Andrew was previously in a relationship with model Alyssa Miller but the pair called it quits on their romance in early 2022. 
He was first linked to her in November 2021 but it was reported that their respective work schedules made it 'hard to see each other.'
A source told The Sun at the time: 'Andrew and Alyssa were a really beautiful couple and things were going great at first.
'They were together for quite some time before they went public, but work schedules mean it has been really hard to see each other.
'On top of that it became clear that there were some differences between them and it was decided they are better off apart, for now at least.'
Dr. Tomas offers readings and consultings on her site and her work has been mentioned in numerous publications including Vogue and NBC News
The date night comes after Andrew was thought to have confirmed a romance with Brower back in January
The pair didn't seem to mind the raindrops as they walked hand-in-hand with smiles on their faces
The lovebirds kept close throughout the night
The couple were pictured grocery shopping in Malibu on Tuesday
He sweetly touched her lower back as they stepped outside 
Phoebe and Bo made a rare appearance at a Grammys party last month.
It came after she won in the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance category with SZA for their track Ghost in the Machine. 
Her group boygenius also won for Best Rock Performance.
In May 2023, the couple's relationship was accidentally confirmed by Keith Urban in a clip captured by the country music star.
Keith filmed himself bopping along to Taylor Swift's Blank Space at her concert in Philadelphia - but all eyes swiftly went to Swift's support act Phoebe, who was seen sharing an apparent kiss with Bo in the background.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group