Nothing gets past the Swifties. 
Getty
 Travis Kelce is tipping his hat to Taylor Swift, quite literally. 

 Earlier this week, the NFL star was spotted enjoying the off-season while golfing with friends (notably former NBA star Chandler Parsons) and rocking out to Swift's 2014 hit "Bad Blood" out on the course. You know, typical guy stuff. 

 But, as it turns out, this apparently wasn't the only nod he made to his pop star girlfriend during the outing. Perhaps much less obvious was the Easter egg hidden on his Sherwood Country Club baseball cap, which had "1989" embroidered on the front. The year, of course, is when Swift was born, as well as the title of her fifth studio album. The hat also featured an archer shooting a bow and arrow, and as any Swift fan knows, she has a song titled "The Archer" on her 2019 Lover album. 

 Unsurprisingly, Kelce's sartorial tribute didn't get past the Swifties and they took to social media to share their find. "His hat says 1989 AND has an archer on it.. you can’t make this stuff up!" one fan wrote on X (formerly Twitter), while another added: "Hat saying 1989 he’s so Pookie." 

 This isn't the first time Kelce's outfit has winked at Swift's music. Last month, just before the Super Bowl, the tight end arrived at Allegiant Stadium wearing an all-black Reputation-coded look that consisted of a sparkly black blazer with a black T-shirt underneath, matching pants, black pointed-toe boots, square-shaped sunglasses, and a chain-link choker necklace similar to the one Swift wore on her 2017 album cover.

Getty
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)