e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Walking through the Colorado Farm Show with Rachel Gabel is like walking down Fifth Avenue with Taylor Swift; everybody wants to talk to her.
Gabel is the closest thing agriculture in Colorado has to a celebrity, and it’s a recognition that’s as well-earned as it is accidental. Known for her deeply-researched analysis of agricultural issues in The Fence Post, she has gained the confidence of ag producers throughout the Rocky Mountain West. Although she never took formal journalism classes, Gabel preaches factuality and accuracy like a tent revivalist saving souls.
Though not yet 50 years old, Gabel already has nearly four decades of journalism under her belt, and all of it covering Colorado agriculture. She started when she was 12, writing up 4-H meeting minutes for the Douglas County News Press. The editor was so impressed with her writing style he suggested she submit her reports to The Fence Post. She did, the reports were published, and a career was launched.
When she graduated from high school in 1995, she headed off to Fort Hays State University in Kansas where she earned a degree in agriculture. After that she taught English in a variety of rural schools, all the while freelancing articles for The Fence Post. The freelancing led to a full-time position on the staff in 2018, and she has since been named assistant editor. The weekly tabloid reaches more than 80,000 readers, and that’s just the ones Fence Post can claim as subscribers.
Gabel doesn’t just write about agriculture; she writes from inside agriculture. She and her husband Eric farm and have a cow-calf operation with his parents near Wiggins. They also raise “show goats” for area 4-H’ers to show. So when Gabel writes about the vagaries of raising food and fiber, she writes from personal experience.
She sees herself as an advocate for ag producers. She concedes that there is a “gap of understanding” between urban and rural Coloradans, but believes it can be bridged.
“The (urban/rural) divide does exist, but it’s not the chasm some people think it is,” she said. “Most people on the Front Range know where their food comes from. But if you want wolves introduced (into Colorado) just know that your food is going to cost more.”
The biggest misunderstanding about production agriculture, she believes, is that “scale is bad.”
“Farms and ranches are big because they have to be,” she said. “It takes hundreds of acres, thousands of acres to support a farming operation. Big isn’t bad, it’s efficient.”
She does have some reservations about some of the ways farmers and ranchers try to “educate” urbanites. One of those is the signs that have cropped up in fields that say, “If you ate today, thank a farmer.”
“I’m going to be out there in a snow drift feeding my cows whether you thank me or not,” she said. “I’m not doing you a favor, I’m making a living.”
Most journalists have a favorite aspect of their beat they like to focus on and for Rachel Gabel that’s the history of agriculture, specifically the history of the technology. One of her most memorable interviews was with John Matsushima, professor emeritus of Colorado State University. Matsushima was awarded the 2021 CSU Founders Day Medal for his innovations that changed the beef industry. He is credited with developing flaked corn, which makes the nutrition from corn more readily available to the animal, and inventing the side-dump feeder truck for filling feed bunks in cattle feeding operations.
The interviews with the professor were some of the most important of her career.
“I visit with him often,” she said. “I’m glad I get the chance to visit whenever I can rather than just a single interview. He’s a gem. His dad rented a farm and worked for a farmer near Platteville when he was growing up and his dad bought their first cattle in 1926 at the Denver Union Stock Yards. Herefords, of course.”
Her relationship with Matsushima led to her interest in the Granada War Relocation Center in Prowers County. Known to the internees as Camp Amache, it was a concentration camp for Japanese Americans rounded up on the West Coast and relocated inland during World War II. Around 10,000 American citizens were imprisoned in the camp between 1941 and 1945, some of whom stayed in Colorado after the war, worked and bought their own farmland.
While Matsushima’s family wasn’t interned in Camp Amache, he still endured the anti-Japanese sentiment of the time. A member of the CSU livestock judging team during the war, he still wasn’t allowed in a number of businesses.
Some of Camp Amache still exists and has been designated the Amache National Historic Site. The story of the families that stayed in Colorado, Gabel said, is “a big story that needs to be told,” and she’s decided to tell it in book form. She’s still in the research and drafting phase of the project and doesn’t yet know when it will be published.
Gabel already has five children’s books in print aimed at educating children about agriculture. Some, like “Kindergarten Rancher” and “Still Good” are “(a) realistic look at cattle ranching using livestock, learning, and literacy.” The books have been used in the Colorado Agriculture in the Classroom program and by Logan County Cattlewomen in their own classroom program.
Then there’s the whimsical “Light a Candle for Her, Girls: The Original Cow #bios,” a tongue-in-cheek look at life among a herd of cows. Except that they’re not really cows, they’re women everyone knows, like Daisy, who “planted 37 rows of tomatoes, peppers, pumpkins, onions, squash, 17 types of cucumbers and probably some other stuff, but her youngest pulled all the tags out of the ground, so who the hell knows?”
The cow bios started in January of 2022 as “funny and honest observations to poke fun at herself,” according to the Gabel bio in the back of the book. She posted them on social media and soon attracted an audience of like-minded women, mostly agricultural types, who saw themselves and each other in Gabel’s “bios.” She still writes the bios, which she posts on her Facebook page.
Besides The Fence Post, Gabel is regularly published in Colorado Politics, Denver Gazette and the Colorado Springs Gazette and appears on the air on Western Ag Network. Her advocacy of agriculture extends to personal appearances; she conducted two sessions at the Colorado Farm Show in January on how farmers and ranchers can be their own advocates out in the world.
While she is widely respected, however, she is not universally loved. She has even drawn the wrath of Colorado’s First Gentleman, Marlon Reis. After she posted an article that contradicted official statements about the safety of introducing wolves into northwestern Colorado, Reis attacked her in social media, questioning her ethics and objectivity.
“But not once did he refute the facts,” Gabel said in an interview. “Everything we printed in that story is correct and accurate.”
Reis later deleted the post.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group