Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Contact us by Email
March 30 2024, Published 3:30 p.m. ET
Gypsy Rose Blanchard's father gave their marriage a "50/50 chance" of working out before she announced her split from husband Ryan Scott Anderson this week, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Rod Blanchard expressed doubts about the long-term prospects of their union in a December 2023 interview with PEOPLE ahead of his daughter's release from prison.
Blanchard was released from prison in December.
"Personally, I give it a 50/50 chance that it's going to work," he said at the time. "She can be spontaneous and make a quick decision and just jump into things without thinking."
Rod explained that he wished she had returned home after her release instead of immediately moving in with Anderson in Louisiana. 
"I wish she would have came home here and when her being on parole was over, live with him, just live with him, learn him," he said. "She's grown, and she was told what to do all her life. We wish she wouldn't have, but like I told her, if it doesn't work out, I'll be there to help pick up the pieces. I really do hope it does work out. Ryan's a great guy. He loves her for all the right reasons."
"Personally, I give it a 50/50 chance that it's going to work," Blanchard's father said of her marriage.
As RadarOnline.com previously reportedly, Blanchard announced that she and Anderson were separating in a statement made on her private Facebook account on Thursday.
"People have been asking what is going on in my life,” she wrote. “Unfortunately my husband and I are going through a separation and I moved in with my parents home down the bayou."
"I have the support of my family and friends to help guide me through this," she added. “I am learning to listen to my heart. Right now I need time to let myself find who I am."
Gypsy was released from prison in Dec. 2023 after serving eight years behind bars.
The pair first met when Anderson, a special education teacher from Louisiana, wrote Blanchard a letter in 2020. They later married in a jailhouse ceremony in July 2022.
"We do plan on having a reception/redo wedding with all of our family and our friends and the dress and the cake and everything because we deserve that,” Blanchard said shortly before her release in December. “I deserve that. He deserves that.”
"Our prison wedding was just something to where we can make our vows to each other. It was something that meant something to us,” she continued. “And I think the party is kind of for everybody else and us, but mostly for everybody else."
Back in 2015, she and her then-boyfriend Nicholas Godejohn were arrested in connection to her mom Dee Dee's murder.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Blanchard was released from Chillicothe Correctional Center in Missouri in December 2023 after serving eight years for conspiring to murder her abusive mother, Dee Dee Blanchard, with her then-boyfriend Nicholas Godejohn.
Her story has inspired documentaries like HBO's Mommy Dead and Dearest and the Hulu series The Act.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.