Tay's outfit is basically one huge 'Rep TV' Easter egg. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Taylor Swift stepped out in New York City last night with friends (hi, Blake Lively!), and we urgently need to discuss her Easter egg-y outfit. 
Not only did Tay wear green for the third time in a row, but she paired her dress with thigh-high Jimmy Choo x Jean Paul Gaultier boots that had snakes all over them. 
In other words, her look was pretty much screaming "REPUTATION (TAYLOR'S VERSION), INCOMING!!!"
Btw, these are the boots should you have $2,450 and a dream to spare!
It should also be noted that Taylor Nation recently dropped this Instagram post...
...which you probably recognize from the "Karma" music video. Fans have long been theorizing that Tay's black nail represents Reputation and is a sign that we could get a Taylor's Version announcement in February.
And SPEAKING of nails, Swifties are also reading into the fact that the singer wore long tips—a signature feature of her Reputation era—to the 2024 Golden Globes. 
Seems significant, especially since Tay once literally confirmed that her manicures are Easter eggs.  As she told Entertainment Weekly, "A specific way you can leave Easter eggs is on nails...There was a specific occasion where I did a Spotify vertical video for 'Delicate' and I painted my nails the exact color tones that I wanted the next album to be. Some people picked up on it immediately, others picked up on it a few months down the line, but it made me feel nice."
ANYWAY! Before we go spiral, a reminder that Tay spoke about Rep TV during her TIME Magazine Person of the Year interview and said the vault tracks will be "fire." 
Madison Beer On Grown Men Sexualizing Her at 14
Wills and Kate Are Chilling in a Holiday Cottage
Prince William "Flies Off the Handle" Over Kate
Blue Ivy Joins Bey on Stage for 'Cowboy Carter'
Bach Nation's Rachel and Blake Enjoy a Safari
JoJo Siwa Breaks Silence on Breakup With Kath Ebbs
The Guy Who Leaked Madison Beer’s Nudes Apologized
Meghan Markle Goes Makeup-Free for New Interview
Gigi Hadid Sparks Buzz With Gold Ring on Birthday 
Selena Gomez on Going Public With Mental Health
Meghan Markle Shares Sweet Pics of Lili and Archie
Travis Kelce Unfollowed Ryan Reynolds on Insta
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.