Capital One cardholders get exclusive access to Taylor Swift tickets before they go on sale to the general public.Getty Images for TAS Rights Mana
Capital One credit cardholders have a lot more benefits than they may realize to see some of the biggest stars in the industry and make their ticket-buying experience a whole lot easier.
Those who have this credit card can purchase several concert and live performance tickets through Capital One Presales website and Capital One Entertainment. 
The Capital One presales gives cardholders an added chance to get highly coveted concert tickets that are generally at risk of selling out quickly, like Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour.”
In addition to the presale options, Capital One Entertainment offers VIP ticket packages, cardmember exclusive tickets to special events, games and concerts, and perks at specific venues, such as meet and greets, complimentary food and beverages, and food festivals.
Here is everything you need to know about the Capital One credit card has when it comes to concerts and live events.
Something that is important to note is that the presale website is not part of Capital One Entertainment website.
Ticketmaster powers Capital One presales. They are available to all Capital One cardholders with Visa and Mastercard credit cards, Capital One debit cards and co-brand partner credit cards.
However, Capital One private label retail credit cards are not eligible for presale.
Capital One debit cards, private label retail credit cards and co-brand partner cards are also not eligible.
Here are three of Capital One’s most popular credit cards:
Platinum Mastercard: This card has zero annual fees, and you can be automatically considered for a higher credit line in six months.
Venture Rewards: You can earn this one-time bonus when you spend $4,000 within the first three months. Plus, when you travel, there are no foreign transaction fees and no blackout dates.
Quicksilver Rewards: Cardholders can earn 1.5% on every purchase, and the rewards never expire. You’ll also earn a one-time bonus of $200 once you spend $500 within the first three months.
Vivid Seats powers the Capital One Entertainment website. It is available to Capital One cardholders with eligible rewards credit cards that are in good standing.
The cardholder has to be at least 18 years old and is the primary account holder or manager of the consumer or small business credit card.
Additional perks of using a Capital One credit card include:
A limited number of tickets are set aside exclusively for Capital One debit and credit card holders from two to seven days before they go on sale to general public.
Here’s how you can access these tickets:
To purchase VIP packages for certain concerts and live events, cardholders can use the Capital One mobile app, the Capital One website or the Capital One Entertainment login website.
To get VIP tickets all you need to do is log in with your Capital One account username and password and follow the instructions for each event to buy tickets at checkout on Vivid Seats.
Cardholders can use rewards, their credit card or both to purchase tickets for most events.
A limited number of tickets set aside exclusively for Capital One credit members during the general public sale on Vivid Seats. They are available on a first come, first served basis.
You can use rewards, a credit card or both to purchase tickets for most events.
You have to look up the tickets you want to purchase on the Capital One Entertainment website, follow the instructions to then get redirected to Vivid Seats and enter your credit card information to purchase tickets.
You can find more details about Capital One cardholder benefits at concerts and events here.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices