A new Taylor Swift elective class will soon be offered by the University of the Philippines (Diliman) to its mass comm students, making it the first educational institute to do so in the Philippines.Before the American pop singer even began her Eras Tour, she was already popular across the globe. Her popularity increased after she started traveling worldwide to do her Eras concerts.
Although the Philippines isn't included in her Eras Tour yet, it still remains one of the countries with the most die-hard fans. Statistics show that the United States, which has over 13 million Tay Tay fans, has the most Swifties. The U.S. is followed by the Philippines, which has over 6.7 million Taylor Swift fans. Now, this number will increase as UP Diliman is set to offer its Taylor Swift elective class.
According to Spot PH, UP Diliman will be the first Filipino educational institution to offer an elective class focusing on Taylor Swift's career and life.
This academic class is called "BMAS 196 Celebrity Studies: Taylor Swift in Focus." It is a three-hour weekly lecture that focuses on the performance, construction, and conception of Taylor Swift as a celebrity.
UPD officials explained that the Taylor Swift elective class will also tackle how Taylor's life as a celebrity can explain Filipinos' and the media's relationship with gender, race, fantasies of success, mobility, gender, and politics.
The new elective class will be taught by UP Diliman Associate Professor Cherish Aileen Brillon. This new academic lecture about Taylor Swift will start in the second semester of AY 2023-2024, which will begin in February.
"There have been many courses about Taylor Swift in universities abroad and I think there hasn't been one in the Philippines yet," explained Brillon.
"This a bit surprising since we are a Taylor Swift nation," she added.
The professor further stated that since the Philippines is one of the top countries with the most Swifties, she thinks it is time for Filipinos to start looking at her in an in-depth manner.
Read Also: Jo Koy Speaks Out After 2024 Golden Globes Criticism; Fellow Filipinos Show Support
Before UP Diliman confirmed its new elective class, many universities in other countries already offered classes focusing on Taylor Swift's life. These include the University of Texas, New York University, Stanford University, and even Harvard University. Aside from educational institutions in the U.S., universities in Australia and New Zealand are also offering Taylor Swift lectures, as reported by Best Colleges. Surprisingly, these classes revealed that Taylor Swift's life and career can teach many things about different subjects. For example, an Arizona State graduate said that the singer's career and lifestyle can be used to cover advanced topics in social psychology.
These are just some of the things you need to know about the increasingly popular Taylor Swift classes worldwide. You can click here to learn more.
Related Article :
[VIRAL] NYT Article About Taylor Swift Being Queer Sparks Backlash; Here's What Singer's Team Say About It