ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 11: Taylor Swift attends "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" Concert ... More Movie World Premiere at AMC The Grove 14 on October 11, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
If there’s one thing Taylor Swift can do, it’s sell an album. The superstar never has an issue getting her massive following to actually purchase her music, whether it’s brand new or years old. That fact is abundantly clear on one Billboard chart this week, which is, as usual, dominated by the singer-songwriter.
Swift claims eight spots on this week’s Top Album Sales chart. The tally ranks the 50 bestselling full-lengths and EPs in America each frame. The Top Album Sales chart is notably different from the more popular Billboard 200, which takes into account all forms of consumption when it comes to albums.
All eight of her titles that are currently present on the Top Album Sales chart rise from where they sat last week. Some of them push forward by only a spot or two, while others gain more noticeably. Some are up just a few percentage points in sales numbers, but others experienced a much larger growth when it comes to pure purchases, including one that’s up more than 25% week-over-week.
Swift claims four spots inside the top 10 on the current edition of the Top Album Sales chart–an impressive sum for anyone, even her. 1989 (Taylor’s Version) ranks highest, as it returns to the top five and lands at No. 4. That project sold just under 10,000 copies, which is huge for a title that’s been out and selling well for months. That’s a growth of 13.7% from the week before.
Also found inside the top 10 are Lover (No. 6), Folklore (No. 8), and Midnights (No. 10), with the latter title finding its way back to the highest tier on the Top Album Sales chart. All of those three efforts are up slightly from where they sat last time around. They also grow in terms of total copies purchased by Americans by 16%, 7%, and just under 13%, respectively.
Just underneath the top 10 comes Evermore, which only missed the top tier by one space. That title jumps from No. 15 to No. 11. It sold another 5,166 copies, which is a growth of 12% from the same timeframe only a week prior.
Also sitting between Nos. 10 and 20 are two of Swift’s re-recordings: Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) and Red (Taylor’s Version). They gallop from Nos. 18 and 23, respectively, to Nos. 16 and 17, appearing right next to one another. The higher of the two is up 9.6% in sales, while the lower-ranking gains by nearly twice as much, looking at percentages.
In last place–among Swift’s titles–on the Top Album Sales chart this week is Fearless (Taylor’s Version). Her first re-recorded project surges from No. 29 to No. 25, selling another 3,289 copies in the past tracking frame. Fearless (Taylor’s Version) also enjoys the largest growth when it comes to selling, as it lifts by more than 25% from the week before.