Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
There are some things only Taylor Swift can pull off. On this morning’s episode of The Drew Barrymore Show, host Drew Barrymore struggled to recreate the singer’s Time magazine cover with her own cat.
Ever since Swift was named Time’s 2023 “Person of the Year” last month, TikTok users have been unsuccessfully attempting to recreate the iconic cover in which the star is wearing her fluffy cat, Benjamin Button, like a scarf around her neck. 
During this morning’s Drew’s News segment, Barrymore decided to try out the trend for herself when a producer brought one of the talk show host’s four cats out from backstage. 
As Barrymore tried to wrap Peach around her neck — much to the feline’s resistance — her co-host Ross Mathews blurted out words of encouragement from a safe distance. 
“Peach is like, ‘Look what you made me do,'” Barrymore joked, referring to Swift’s 2017 hit from her “Reputation” album. “I see why people have a hard time doing this.”
At one point, Mathews put aside his fear of cats and decided to offer his assistance. 
“Peach is looking at me in a way. OK, come here. This is good. I’m just gonna wrap your leg right back here if you don’t mind, Peach, and OK, gotta go,” he said, before scurrying away.
Barrymore then wondered, “God, why does Taylor make everything look so cool?” while Mathews joked, “Another thing Taylor can do better than anybody else in the world.”
Eventually, the actress got Peach to (somewhat) wrap around her neck — though it didn’t appear to be as graceful as Swift and Benjamin. 
“You don’t look bad at all!” Mathews reassured Barrymore, who tried her best to strike a pose before her cat decided to give up again.
This isn’t the first time Swift has been a topic of conversation on The Drew Barrymore Show. During an October 2023 episode, Barrymore credited the “Love Story” singer’s highly-publicized romance with NFL player Travis Kelce with inspiring her to date again.
“I was like, [there’s] something about Taylor Swift going out and just dating like a normal person and not being a dark horse about it,” she said. “I was like, ‘I overthink everything. I should just go on a date. What’s wrong with me?'”
The Drew Barrymore Show airs on weekdays on CBS. You can check the website for local airtimes.

This story has been shared 3,294 times.
3,294


This story has been shared 1,905 times.
1,905


This story has been shared 1,195 times.
1,195


This story has been shared 592 times.
592


This story has been shared 536 times.
536


This story has been shared 500 times.
500


This story has been shared 458 times.
458


This story has been shared 442 times.
442


This story has been shared 358 times.
358


This story has been shared 334 times.
334


This story has been shared 325 times.
325


This story has been shared 204 times.
204


This story has been shared 198 times.
198


This story has been shared 167 times.
167


This story has been shared 160 times.
160