From recording her first song at 12 years old to her special appearance at the Paris Olympics, here's a look back at some of Céline Dion's most major milestones
Alexandra Schonfeld is a features writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since April 2022. Her work previously appeared in Newsweek.
IOC via Getty 
 Céline Dion has been gracing the world with her legendary voice for more than 4 decades.

 From recording her first song at age 12, to Titanic's epic "My Heart Will Go On," to her acting debut in 2023, Dion has cemented herself as a pop culture icon. In fact, in 2022, aTitanic parody musical titled Titanique opened in New York City that pondered how the events of the fateful journey would have played out if Dion herself was a passenger.

 In recent years, the star has taken a step back from the spotlight after revealing her diagnosis of stiff person syndrome. She did, however, make a special appearance at the 2024 Paris Olympics where she sang an emotional rendition of "Hymne à l'amour."

 Dion, who celebrates her 57th birthday on March 30, 2025, has had quite the life — here's a look back at some of the standout moments.

Celine Dion/Instagram
 Celine Dion was born on March 30, 1968, in Quebec, Canada, and grew up in a musical family. Her talent was obvious from a young age with her first singing gig coming at age 5 at her brother's wedding.

 “I sang a couple songs," she recalled to CNN of the early performance. "When I started to feel the love and the warmth of the audience it got me. I said to myself, 'Really, this is what I want to do all my life. I want to be a singer.' "

 She recorded her first song at age 12.

Sobli/RDB/ullstein bild/Getty
 When Dion was born, she became the youngest of 14 children to her parents Adhémar Dion, a butcher and musician, and TV personality Thérèse Dion.

 Adhémar died in 2003 at the age of 80 and 17 years later, Céline's mother Thérèse died at 92.

 Dion's career took off at a young age and after recording her first song at age 12, she signed with her manager — and later husband — René Angélil. In order to fund her first album, La voix du bon Dieu, Angélil mortgaged his home.

 "While I was singing he started to cry," the singer told PEOPLE of their first meeting. "I knew then I had done a good job."

 The two went on their first romantic date seven years later, when Dion was 19 years old, though initially kept their relationship private. The singer later admitted that the couple's relationship had taken a romantic turn about a year before their first date.

Sobli/RDB/ullstein bild via Getty
 In 1988, Dion competed in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song “Ne partez pas sans mo" and won.

 The night was important in other ways as well, she wrote in her memoir, Céline Dion: My Story, My Dream. She recalled that after winning a singing competition in Dublin in 1988, which aligned with the date of that year's Eurovision competition, she and Angélil spent the night together.

 "I threw myself into his arms," she wrote. "Later that night, I was seated at the head of the bed, legs folded under the covers. I was happy about being alone with the man I loved."

Dave Benett/Getty
 Dion released her first English-language album, Unison, in 1990, and shortly after released her self-titled album. The early 1990s were huge for the star, who was also featured on the iconic Disney soundtrack for Beauty and the Beast on the Grammy-winning titular duet — her first golden gramophone.

Jim Smeal/Ron Galella Collection via Getty
 For her big moment in 1993, Dion went for a black knitted ensemble paired with a very '90s choker necklace. In total, the singer has been nominated for 16 Grammys and has taken home 5.

 As the star continued to rise, her love life remained relatively under wraps, though in 1991 Angélil proposed. The pair went public with their relationship in 1993 — with Dion giving her then-fiancé a shoutout in the liner notes of The Colour of My Love: "René, for so many years I've kept our special dream locked away inside my heart. But now it's too powerful to keep inside," she wrote, according to Reuters.

 At the end of 1994, the two tied the knot at the Notre-Dame Basilica of Montréal in a a lavish affair that was broadcasted live on television in Canada.

Frank Trapper/Corbis via Getty 
 Of course, one of Dion's most famous songs to date is "My Heart Will Go On" from 1997's Titanic, which won both the Grammy Award for record of the year and the Oscar for Best Original Song. For her big night with the film's composer James Horner and Will Jennings, who wrote the lyrics, Dion stunned in replica of the famous Heart of the Ocean necklace seen in the film. 

Ethan Miller/Getty
 While many know and love her for her music, Dion told PEOPLE in 2007 that being a mom is what's most important in her life.

 "You know, I'm not really a singer. My life is to be a mom," she said. "It is what I enjoy the most. It is my most amazing reward. I will take a chance with my music. I don't take risks with my family."

 Dion welcomed her first son, René-Charles, on Jan. 25, 2001, and named him for his father. In 2010, they became a family of five when the couple welcomed twins Eddy and Nelson — named for producer Eddy Marnay, who produced Dion's first five albums, and Nelson Mandela.

courtesy of George Bodnar/Getty
 In the early 2000s, Dion kicked off what would be a storied 16-year-tenure at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. 

 “I’m both proud and humbled by what we’ve accomplished at the Colosseum since we began 16 years ago when René and I first shared this dream. This entire experience has been a huge part of my show business career, one that I will cherish forever,“ Dion said at her final performance of the residency in 2019. “I have so many people to thank, but the most important ‘thank you’ goes to my fans, who gave us the opportunity to do what we love.”

 In 2021, the singer was set to return to Sin City though postponed those shows indefinitely due to "unforeseen medical symptoms" before later announcing her diagnosis of stiff person syndrome.

Tim Mosenfelder/Corbis via Getty
 In addition to her Las Vegas shows, Dion has embarked on numerous tours throughout her career including 2008's Taking Chances Tour, named for the singer's song of the same name (pictured here).

Virginia Sherwood/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty 
 In 2019, Dion was tapped as one of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day performers and she sang a new song, "Imperfections."

 In 2016, Dion's husband died just days before his 74th birthday "after a long and courageous battle against cancer," the family shared.

 "Before he left, it was very, very difficult for all of us," Dion said later that year. "For me especially, and my children, to see the man of my life die a little bit more every day. And when he left, it was kind of a relief for me that the man that I love, the only man that I kissed, the only man that I loved."

 She continued, "I never kissed another man in my life. So the man of my life was my partner, and we were one. So when he stopped suffering I said to myself, he's okay. And he deserves not to suffer."

 In 2023, Dion made her acting debut in the film Love Again which featured many of the singer's songs, including five new ones. The soundtrack marked the first release from Dion since 2019.

 "I had a lot of fun doing this movie," she said in a press release for the film at the time. "And to have the privilege of appearing with the beautiful and talented actors Priyanka Chopra Jonas and Sam Heughan in my very first feature film is a gift that I will cherish forever."

Celine Dion/ Instagram
 While she has taken a step back from performing in the wake of her diagnosis, the singer has continued to share moments with her fans on social media. In November 2023, Dion shared this sweet snap of herself and her three sons enjoying an outing  to catch the Montreal Canadiens game.

 "My boys and I had such a fun time visiting with the Montreal Canadiens after their hockey game with Vegas Golden Knights in Las Vegas Monday night," she wrote on Instagram. "They played so well, what a game!! Thank you for meeting us after the game, guys! That was memorable for all of us."

Amy Sussman/Getty
 At the 2024 Grammy Awards, Dion made her first public appearance in three months to present the award for album of the year — an award she first took home 27 years prior. She was escorted to the stage by her eldest son, René-Charles Angélil, before announcing Taylor Swift as the winner.

Cindy Ord/Getty
 In June 2024, Dion peeled back the curtain and let fans in on her journey with stiff person syndrome in the documentary I Am: Celine Dion. The poignant film, which premiered on Prime Video was described "as a love letter to her fans," in a press release.

 “I wasn’t ready to say anything before,” Dion candidly shared of her diagnosis in the emotional trailer, “but I’m ready now.”

 IOC via Getty 
 Dion made a triumphant comeback to the stage when she performed at the 2024 Summer Olympics. Draped to perfection in a long-sleeve white Dior gown, Dion sang an emotional rendition of Édith Piaf's song "Hymne A L'Amour" (Hymn to Love) underneath the Eiffel Tower.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)