Beyoncé has finally addressed getting snubbed several times for the Album of the Year Grammy Award, and she did it on her new album, Cowboy Carter.
The album was unleashed on Friday, and fans got to hear how Beyoncé felt about all those AOTY snubs on the song "SWEET ★ HONEY ★ BUCKIIN'." The Houston native has been nominated for the prestigious award four different times and has yet to take home the prize.
According to B, she's aware of the four losses, but she's not letting them bother her, as she's taking it in stride and continuing to work as usual.
"Fuck it, do it again (That's cool)/A-O-T-Y, I ain't win (That's cool)/I ain't stuntin' 'bout them/Take that shit on the chin/Come back and fuck up the pen (Yeah)," Beyoncé said on the song.
Beyoncé received the AOTY nomination in 2010 for I Am... Sasha Fierce, in 2015 for Beyoncé, in 2017 for Lemonade, and most recently in 2023 for Renaissance. In those years, she lost to Taylor Swift's Fearless (2010), Beck's Morning Phase (2015), Adele's 25 (2017) and Harry Styles' Harry's House (2023).
In an interview with Tidal ahead of the 2023 Grammys, Beyoncé's husband, Jay-Z, criticized the Recording Academy for snubbing his wife all those years. According to Jay, the Academy "missed a moment."
"Look what it's done to the culture. Look how the energy of the world moved," he said. "They play her whole album in the club. I don't know if I've ever seen that. The whole entire joint—like, everything?! Every remix is amazing. Everyone's inspired. It has inspired the world. Every remix is better than the other one."
He continued, "When it just inspires creativity, that's an album. That has to be Album of the Year. It has to be....Even with Bey, I felt like they missed the moment. Not just LEMONADE; [also] when Beck won over her [for Album of the Year at the 2015 show]. I was like, 'Oh, y'all missed it.'"
At the 2024 ceremony while accepting the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award, Hov went even deeper into his critique of Bey never winning AOTY and dragged the Recording Academy for never crowning her even though she's the most decorated artist at the Grammys with 32 wins.
"I don't want to embarrass this young lady but she has more Grammys than everyone and never won Album of the Year," Jay-Z said about Beyoncé. "So even by your own metrics that doesn't work. Think about that. Most Grammys, never won Album of the Year, that doesn't work."
music | BY tara mahadevan
Beyoncé’s Cover of the Beatles’ "Blackbird” on ‘Cowboy Carter’ Evokes Civil Rights Inspiration Behind Song (UPDATE)
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Beyoncé and Dolly Parton Resurrect 'Becky' Talk for "Jolene" Cover: 'That Huzzy With the Good Hair You Sing About'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Beyoncé's Trilogy Continues With Country-Inspired 'Cowboy Carter' Album f/ Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, and More
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.