Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 3)
On my second listen on COWBOY CARTER, it grew on me after my initial listen.
Migs
The page six review going round in social media ,saying Beyonce revived a dying genre is not going to help her case with country voters. I love Beyonce but could you imagine the lashings if say Adele or Taylor released an RnB album and they were deemed to be reviving a genre? Saying that when the biggest album and song of the last year were country is insane. 
1. white people didn’t create r&b, the only thing Adele and Taylor can demand is European classical music. 2. Several people including here were hoping that Adele would bring a more Soul-R&B album inspired by great vocalists of the genre from the 50s and 60s like Etta James etc., even false rumors of a collaboration with Beyoncé appeared on the internet about something like this
If Beyoncé wants to optimize her submissions, I’d say: Cowboy Carter – AOTY, Americana Album/Country Album (either works IMO) Texas Hold Em – ROTY, SOTY, Country Solo Perf, Country Song 16 Carriages – Americana Performance, American Roots Song Levii’s Jeans – (Traditional) R&B Performance II Hands II Heaven – R&B Song II Most Wanted – Pop Duo/Group Performance Blackbiird – Country Duo/Group Performance Alliigator Tears – American Roots Petformance Reallistically though, I think they’ll do the Texas Hold Em and 16C ones and maybe Blackbiird for Country Duo. 
Levi’s Jeans and II Most Wanted are too country to enter other fields
Country voters are not all that people are talking about. For example, they awarded controversial political statements before (Dixie Chicks). Also, Kacey clearly got country votes to achieve her AOTY win. Taylor Swift also probably still grab some country votes. Some people interpret country voters’ favoritism toward artists like Chris Stapleton as traditionalism. I don’t see it like that, Chris is really very good! The real challenge for Beyonce has always been to be a consensus among pop voters. A harder challenge considering we are in a competitive year. 
grammy country is progressive that’s obvious but they are also closed. Zach is progressive and has spoken openly about the rights of trans identity, he had a successful and acclaimed album but lost everything that was nominated in the solo categories, Luke is also someone without media scandals and who is taking country music to the center of the conversation but he also never won anything or entered the big 4.
Just finished listening to Cowboy Carter… and yeah I don’t think Beyoncé is winning AOTY with this 
Beyoncé’s big chances were with Lemonade and Sasha, let’s focus on what could really happen Texas Hold Em ROTY and SOTY
Beyoncé’s big chances were with Lemonade and Sasha, let’s focus on what could really happen Texas Hold Em ROTY and SOTY
You sure about that? 
I love how people still pretend that voters award AOTY based on quality. The last 3 winners are not really great choices.
Beyoncé will only need to have a big year to be in contention.
COWBOY CARTER — I think it fits better in Americana Album. It’s not your traditional Country album lol.
I just heard that the vinyl versions of Cowboy Carter do not come with the promised bonus tracks and buyers feel ripped off. Can anyone confirm or deny that?
It's me... Hi
I kind of hope Beyonce just goes all in for Album of the Year and does not even submit Cowboy Carter in any genre album category, because it doesn’t really belong in Country or Americana and should not compete with true Country and Americana artists. 
This is why I feel like it might end up in Pop Vocal Album, even if it isn’t a traditional “Pop sounding” album. Let’s remember that this is where The Lion King: The Gift was ultimately placed. 
I do think she should submit to all the different genres she covers and if she chooses wisely, could potentially get into all the following: Pop, Pop/Dance, R&B, Rap, Country, Rock and Americana. 
should not compete with true Country and Americana artists
This kind of comments is the reason she made Cowboy Carter. Thank you!!
Nile Rodgers and The Dream worked on “Levii’s Jeans” while the team behind Endless Summer Vacation worked on “II Most Wanted”, so I can see the former being the R&B push while the latter is the pop push.
RAYE co-write RIVERDANCE from Beyoncé’s COWBOY CARTER
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
One day Raye will get the Grammys glory she should’ve gotten for M21CB 
There’s a difference between Country, Americana and American Roots, and she has eligible material in all four performance categories. If Beyoncé feels greedy she should do this:
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media