The footballer and Taylor Swift are about to spend the holiday together for the first time. 💘
Valentine's Day is around the corner, which means you're going to need to mute several dozen of your friends on Instagram and instead focus on what really matters: how random celebrity couples are spending the day. 
First up on our list? Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. Obviously, no one knows anything about the couple's plans just yet (these two are a unique combination of very private and very public), but Travis did mention being nervous about Valentine's Day during his New Heights podcast.
I mean, yeah, his comment came in the form of an ad for Etsy (lol), but Travis still mused, "Whether you're feeling the Valentine's Day pressure like Jason and I, or trying to figure out the right gift for a significant other, Etsy is the go-to destination for adding that special touch." 
Truly, would love nothing more than to see Travis' Etsy cart.
As for whether Tay and Trav will be able to spend the day together given their respective busy schedules, the answer is...a tentative yes? Entertainment Tonight notes that Travis will be finished with the NFL season after the Super Bowl on February 11, while Taylor has time off between her February 10 show in Tokyo and her February 16 show in Melbourne. So, chances are they'll both be free on February 14. 
FYI, Taylor and Travis' first Valentine's Day comes on the heels of them spending their first Christmas together in Kansas City. A source told the Daily Mail of that good time, "Seeing their families together on such a special holiday was the best gift ever for Taylor. She's never had this happen before and it made the holiday the most meaningful one for her. Her friends think that this is just more proof that Travis is going to be a Swiftie for life."
Literally obsessed with these two, byyyyyyeeeeee!
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.