Moms appreciate all types of Mother’s Day gifts, but why not give her something that will bring a sparkle to her eyes (and neck) by gifting her a shiny bauble? A gift of jewelry will last longer than flowers or a card, and will serve as a personal memento from her family that she can wear with joy. Add a bow and card, and one small box can show how thankful you are for everything she does. 
For this Mother’s Day 2024, we searched for the perfect jewelry gifts for moms across different price ranges so that there’s something for nearly every budget. Whether she prefers a classic style or a statement piece, we’ve got you covered. These mom-inspired jewelry trinkets are just perfect for her day and beyond. Adorn her with hearts, matching mini-me sets, nameplate styles, on-trend mixed metals, or personalized jewelry. Just add a pancake brunch for the best Mother’s Day yet. 
Below, shop our picks for the best Mother's Day jewelry gifts, no matter your budget. 
This cutie-patootie bracelet set comes in several variations and colors — and, at $8, allows even a Tooth Fairy-budget entrepreneur to chip in (while scoring a little sweet thing for herself.) 
$8
For moms who are fans of Quince's $50 cashmere sweaters, the brand also offers classic jewelry styles. Hand-crafted and responsibly sourced, this triad of AAA-quality white sapphires is reminiscent of a family unit. The small yet elegant sparkler is suitable for everyday wear, so mom can always keep it close to her heart. 
$49
BaubleBar has been spotted on the likes of Taylor Swift and Julia Roberts, so Mom will be in good company. This pretty heart-shaped necklace made with semi-precious stones like pink quartz or turquoise comes in several options so you can pick her favorite color. 
$38
Evil eye charms are said to protect the wearer but are also a popular style. This gold-bead bracelet is perfect for layering.
$30
This stunning, on-trend, mixed-metal choker has a puffed golden heart in the center, reminding Mom of her special day and her adoring fans. 
$55
Available in sterling silver or gold vermeil, this elegant bracelet has scattered hearts along a fine chain for everyday wear or dressier looks.
$68-$78
This hypoallergenic, water-resistant mama nameplate-style necklace comes in two size variations. Ana Luisa guarantees the necklace won't tarnish for two years, so you can also feel confident Mom will be able to wear this piece anywhere without worry. 
$65
A darling set of sterling silver pendants represents the bond between mother and daughter. This is a perfect example of stylish matching — and a sweet Mother's Day gift. 
$90
This single sphere-shaped birthstone pendant can be her own birth month or her child's. Either way it’s very elegant. 
$128
An on-trend statement piece (available in two sizes) made with 18-karat gold and sterling silver is customizable with three letters or numbers of your choice, which can include the initials of spouses and children or even a lucky number.
$158-178
This 14-karat gold pave diamond ring is the perfect blend of classic style with a modern updated cushion shape. Regardless of her fashion style, any mom is bound to wear it often. 
$170
A dainty pair of personalized birthstone studs look neat coupled with other earrings or by themselves.
$120
Made of 14K yellow gold and with choices of 3 different chain lengths, this initial medallion necklace is the perfect gift to have Mom carry around a piece of you with her always. 
$1,250
Maya Brenner, a brand often spotted on glamorous celebrities like Halle Berry and Angela Bassett, offers this adjustable Mom necklace in white, yellow, or rose 14-karat gold so you can pick her favorite hue.
$328
A classic rose design represents strength in this bold gold pendant that is a twist on giving Mom flowers. The back is engravable so you can write her a sweet note.
$448
A duo of 14-karat gold gleaming heart necklaces comes perfectly present-able in this swoon-worthy mommy & me set.
$645
Available in 3 stunning metals, this drop pendant necklace is made to order with the option to select either .25 or .50 carat lab created diamonds your mom is sure to love. 
$590
An absolutely darling nameplate for the most darling mama, made of pure gold — just like her. 
$525
Show her how much she means to you. Check out our 2024 Mother’s Day Gift Guide for more Mother’s Day gift ideas.
Sales & Deals
Gifts
Gifts
Gifts
Gifts
Gifts