Chris Stapleton played an April Fool's joke on fans yesterday (4/1) and expected a flood of comments on his post. So, in the post, he addressed the fact that some may take it wrong even though it was April Fools Day.
Chris has a whiskey brand he's been hyping up and advertising called Traveller Whiskey. Yesterday, he posted some fun ads that he and his crew came up with on Instagram. Examples of ads are ones that say things like, "It's smoother than a baby covered in velvet" and "Chris Stapleton: Now in liquid form."
Other funny ads say, "I never said she was smoother than this," and "Drink it. If You don't like it, spit it out." All the ads feature a photo of Stapleton about to take a drink of his whiskey.
Chris captioned the funny post with words to those fans who may take it seriously and can't take a joke. In a rare lengthy post, he wrote, "These advertisements were not approved by the legal department or by anyone in general associated with the Traveller Whiskey brand. In no way are they actually intended to be used to advertise anything. Especially whiskey. It's a joke. It's meant to be good for a laugh."
He continued, "If you're suffering from a sense of humor impairment & somehow think these are real in any way, please ask a friend who has a functioning sense of humor to help explain to you that these are, in fact, fake. Traveller Whiskey does not contain real bits of Chris Stapleton. That would be gross. Please laugh responsibly."
Many fans reacted to the post, which was liked 30 thousand times. One fan gushed, "These are the best! You should use them!" Another fan quipped, "And I'm going out to get some. If I don't like it… I'll spit it out." One more fan wrote, "Genius in a bottle."

A post shared by

Stapleton posted a video to his Insta Stories in February of him casually standing in a wine and liquor store in a denim jacket and ball cap, signing bottles of his new Traveller Whiskey brand.
As he signs random bottles on display, fans start to notice it's him and approach him. One lady comes up, has him sign her whiskey, and then snaps a quick picture with the multiple GRAMMY winner.
Photo - Becky Fluke 
Another guy got his mother on Facetime on his phone before approaching Chris, saying, "My mom is a big fan, Chris Stapleton, mom." And Stapleton asks, "How's it going?" The woman on the phone says, "That's so funny," and Chris says, "I'm here with your son; how are you doing?" He then laughs and tells the lady that her son just snapped a photo of her face. The son thanks Chris and walks away.
Chris Stapleton is one country superstar who doesn't release a music video for all his songs. He doesn't even have a music video for his official single releases. So, it has to be pretty special when he releases a music video for a song.
With only a handful of music video releases in his career, the serial award winner has won two Music Video awards for his 2016 video "Fire Away," which won Music Video of the Year at the 2016 CMA Awards, and for Breakthrough Video of the Year at the 2016 CMT Music Awards.
Music videos aside, in 2022, Chris said he's written over one thousand songs, and during an interview with 6o Minutes, when asked how many of those songs were good, Chris replied modestly, "About ten."
Stapleton also noted in the CBS interview that he had no idea a song would be a hit after he wrote it. He said, "I don't think I ever know that. The win is finishing the song."
He added, "There are a lot of songwriters who will claim that they know the secret [to writing a hit song]. I really think those guys are full of s----. I don't think anybody knows that. Like, you can't possibly know how everybody's gonna feel about a song that you write. That's impossible to know."
Chris said that when it comes to knowing a song is good, it has to be from the people, "I trust people, and I trust people with taste."
We did a deep dive into the music video work of Stapleton, although there weren't very many videos to see, and found four "official music videos" to detail. In true Chris Stapleton style, he makes sure, his music video work, much like his songwriting and recording work, is top notch.
Justin Timberlake featuring Chris Stapleton - Timberlake is really the guy who jumpstarted Stapleton's massive career when they performed together at the 2015 CMA Awards. The two sang two of Chris's songs, "Tennessee Whiskey" and "Drink You Away." Chris said about the collaboration, "I really just went out to Los Angeles to write songs with him; it's a very fluid process with him; there's a lot going on. That was one of those things where there wasn't necessarily a plan. He was like, 'All right, you hop in there and take a verse,' and I'm like, 'You want me to do what?' It came out great." The music video on YouTube has received over 410 million views as of January 2024.
Stapleton released this video with the Lego group playing himself as a Lego character. The charming video has been viewed almost 2 million times on YouTube. He said of the video, "We had a lot of fun doing it, but it took maybe two years to get through all the approvals, and then a whole year on top to work on it. It's been a long road, but in the end, I think it's something really unique."
This music video is for the album title song that scored Chris a GRAMMY for Best Country Album at the 64th GRAMMY Awards. The footage shows Stapleton playing guitar in the recording studio, sitting on a stool. It also shows clips of himself and his wife Morgane, who sings in the song, listening back to it.
The music video concept for "Fire Away" was conceived by Stapleton. The video follows a couple through courtship and marriage, going through exciting life moments such as buying and decorating a home together. The happy memories soon fade, dissolving into struggle and, ultimately, tragedy, as it is evident that the woman has mental illness and tries multiple times to commit suicide.
The video won the Music Video of the Year award at the 2016 CMA Awards and Breakthrough Video of the Year at the 2016 CMT Music Awards.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!