Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton's purple irises have bloomed on the couple's Oklahoma property. Gwen posted a video to her Insta Stories of her spending time at the property.
In the video clip, she showed some baby ducks in a water container, saying at one point, "Oh, wow." In the second slide video, she showed the couple driving around the property, and then in the following clip, she explained that she was on a run and came up to the chapel on the property. She comes across purple Irises and says, "I didn't expect to see the purple Irises that we planted. They are up." She then said, showing a small, about six-foot tree, "This is the tree that we planted when we got married." The couple was married in the summer of 2021.
Blake and Gwen's new song together is called "Purple Irises."
Photo - WB Nashville 
Stefani posted a sweet holiday video of clips of the couple around the farm picking purple irises and showing off their Easter decorations, which included an egg tree and their Easter dinner table setting. She captioned the video on Instagram, "Happy Easter !!"
Many fans reacted to the post, including one who commented, "Love you, so talented, Blake rocks as well he picked you!! Beautiful couple." Another die-hard said, "I just have to say, Gwen sets the most gorgeous table!"

A post shared by

The couple is in Oklahoma after Blake's "All For The Hall" benefit show on Saturday (3/30), in which Stefani joined her husband on stage for a few songs, delighting fans in the packed crowd.
Shelton's Oklahoma "All for the Hall," a fundraiser for the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, raised nearly $800,000 for the nonprofit museum's education programs.
Blake said from the stage, introducing his wife, "Hey, everybody, say hello to my personal favorite new Oklahoman!" Gwen joined her husband for a trio of songs midway through Shelton's set. Together, they performed their two country radio chart-toppers, "Nobody But You" and "Happy Anywhere," as well as "Purple Irises."
At the top of his show, Shelton told the crowd, "I don't know if you guys have a clue what you bought a ticket for. Get comfortable—this is gonna take a while, okay? We're here for one reason tonight... That's to celebrate country music like Okies do."
Blake performed more than 20 of his songs during the course of the evening, interspersed with appearances from his special guests. Between Shelton's performances, Kristin Chenoweth, Wade Hayes, the Swon Brothers, and Country Music Hall of Fame members Ronnie Dunn and Vince Gill offered up two songs of their own.
Music is full of love songs, and country music is no exception. Just last week, Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani released their latest  love song, "Purple Irises." The song was recorded in Nashville at Smokestack Studios and was produced by Blake's producer, Scott Hendricks.
Blake said of the new song, "We love this song so much. It's a song Gwen wrote with a couple of friends of hers, and I fell in love with it the first time I heard it. She knew there was something different about it and asked me to come in and sing with her. My longtime producer, Scott Hendricks, produced it, and Gwen's been wanting to work with him for a long time now, and it's turned into this really cool and different song that can live anywhere."
Stefani added, "Purple Irises is a song that comes from the idea that when you plant something, you are planting hope and watching love grow. Weathering all the different seasons of growth. We are in this together; we planted the seeds together and are growing together."
Every country artist in their career at some point has released a song about love gone wrong, falling in love, or just love in general.
It doesn't hurt that a handful of country stars and their spouses sing love songs to each other, like Tim and Faith, Kane and Katelyn, and Blake and Gwen.
So many songs are sung about love in country music, and any music genre that picking just five seems odd. Not to mention that every person has their own version of love and so their own version of the best love songs.
We take a crack at it this Valentine's Day to celebrate love and what we believe are five amazing love songs in country music.
While this song is more than twenty-five years old, this Tim and Faith classic never gets old. This was recorded about one year after they got married and you can hear the love.
This amazing love song became the first duet by a married couple to top the country chart since Nielsen began tracking songs in 1990. There was not another single that would top the chart again until almost 26 years later, when Kane and Katelyn Brown's "Thank God" topped the chart in February 2023.
In the music video, you can clearly see that Faith is expecting the couple's first child, Gracie.
This is another song that topped the country charts sung by a not-yet-married couple in love. They, of course, married in 2021. Blake described the song as "honest" and related it to his relationship with Gwen. He said when it was released of when he first heard the song, "Oh my god, I gotta cut this song. This song's incredible." Shelton added, "The thing that I think that I'm blown away with Gwen is just how hard she works when she gets into the studio. She's not willing to take anything less than greatness... and she's willing to put in the work."
The romantic music video for "Nobody But You" has been viewed over 93 million times on YouTube.
This song will go down as one of country music's best love songs ever. Yet another married couple sings to each other how grateful they are to have one another. When the song hit number one on the charts in February of 2023, Kane wrote on his social media, "My baby got her first number 1. Thanks, country radio and fans, for blowing this one up."
The video, which won Video of the Year at the CMT Awards in 2023, was filmed in Hawaii.
A true blue love song for his wife Lauren, whom he has known since second grade. The lyrics to this love masterpiece include, "And I know that I can't ever tell you enough / That all I need in this life is your crazy love / If I never get to see the Northern Lights / Or if I never get to see the Eiffel Tower at night / Oh if all I got is your hand in my hand / Baby, I could die a happy man / A happy man, baby."
This song was so big it stayed in the number-one spot on the country charts for seventeen weeks.
The music video for the song was filmed while the couple was on vacation in Hawaii.
Luke fell madly in love around the same time he hit big in country music and recorded his first project for Sony Nashville. Love songs seemed to pour out of him. One of his love ballads for Nicole (now his wife) was "Better Together," which sang of "a match made up in heaven." Combs performed the song in October 2020 at the Billboard Music Awards. During the performance with no audience because of COVID restrictions, he sang it accompanied solely by a piano player.
Luke also sang the song at the 55th Annual ACM Awards.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!