Harry Styles fans are flocking to his UK hometown, hoping it’s “As It Was” when the 30-year-old star was growing up. 
Over the past year, over 5,000 devotees — known as “Harries” — have visited Holmes Chapel, England, walking in One Direction to hit all the spots the singer has frequented. 
Leaders of the quaint Cheshire village northwest of London have encouraged the rush of tourists by creating a map — that the local railway station ticket officers hand out for free — marking a 2-mile tour of the pop star’s favorite local haunts.
To inspire more tourism, local officials have announced plans to hire teenage tour guides to show adoring fans sights such as the bakery where Styles worked as a teen and a Chinese restaurant where he once brought Taylor Swift. 
“We aim to start official tours of Harry’s Home Village on Saturday mornings in June and weekdays in July, August and September, and will be recruiting Harry Styles fans from 16 and over to act as local guides,” Peter Whiers, chairman of Holmes Chapel Partnership, confirmed to SWNS. 
Hopefuls will be chosen based on their genuine interest in the village, its history, and its links to Styles, and their excellent communication and storytelling skills. 
The demand for tour guides is expected to be so great that the town is holding a half-day assessment session on April 20 to recruit up to 16 teen guides to begin the program. 
The route guides Harries past the singer’s former home, his old school, Mandeville’s bakery — which has a life-sized placard of Styles from when he worked there on the weekends — and ends at the railway viaduct where he had his first kiss. 
The brickwork at the base of the viaduct has become a monument to fans who have covered the area with messages and signatures — as the star did in the One Direction biopic “This is Us.”
Whiers said the Harry Styles Walking Map resulted in “an incredible year,” with businesses seizing the opportunity to cater to the influx of tourists. The town is hopeful the teen tour guides will spur another great year. 
The town also plans to publish an updated walking map showing where Holmes Chapel memorabilia, gifts, food, and drink can be purchased. 
“Even the worst of the winter months has not stopped them from braving muddy banks and wet fields to pay homage at Harry’s Wall at the viaduct,” Whiers said about the fans.
“We now think it is time for Holmes Chapel to increase what we can offer to the young visitors and ensure they return home with a memorable experience of Harry’s village,” he added.
Advertisement