A woman has said she's "losing it" after weeks of sleepless nights because a local Chick-fil-A has taken to blasting music throughout the night despite consistent complaints.
Nicole Smith, 30, has been begging the fast food restaurant to turn off the music - which has been playing on and off since October 19 - but has had no luck making them stop.
Smith, who lives Charlotte, North Carolina, USA, has been left frustrated as the restaurant leaves the loud music on at all hours, which keeps her awake all night - and with the store not letting up she took to TikTok with rage.
Customer marketing director Smith has contacted the restaurant multiple times and has even spoken to the staff in person, but nothing has changed.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez reveals what was actually said in viral Taylor Swift gossip session
"It's been exhausting. Both from losing so much sleep and from being told that it had been turned off when it hadn't," frustrated Smith explains.
As a customer marketing director, she travels a lot for work but she can often hear the music when she's home.
She said: "It's been on every night that I'm here. I would just end up passing out because of how tired I was. I don't know exactly what time I would fall asleep but I made my viral video at 2:00 am and I have messages until four. I need to get up early for work so that's way too late."
She has tried all sorts to try and block out the noise and has been forced to put a loud fan near her bed to drown out the music and even covers her head with a pillow at night.
But, she is still being repeatedly kept awake into the early hours because of the noise.
Smith first complained to the branch of popular Christian fried chicken store Chick-fil-A was on October 20 and the restaurant agreed turned down the music. All was quiet. She thought it was over. Until December 5.
She called when the music started playing again but no management would speak to her. Smith waited a few days, desperately hoping that the music will stop but it didn't.
On December 12, she called her city's non-emergency helpline but they would not help either. When she called back Chick-fil-A she was shockingly told the music was off, so she went down to the restaurant to speak to the staff.
She added: "I talked to someone on the phone who said they were a manager who told me that the music had been turned off. I felt very gaslit. The next morning I felt like I was losing it so I went to the Chick-fil-A and I talked to the manager.
"He said he had turned it off but someone must have gone into the office and turned it back on. He explained that he had now left a note by the volume knob that said 'don't turn up.' He was very apologetic."
Nicole had a bit of respite over the holiday period but that appeared to be short-lived, as at the end of December, the music began again, leaving Smith at the end of her tether.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.