We love a celebrity It couple and right now, it's hard not to be a little obsessed with all the genetically-blessed, ridiculously-stylish duos out there. If Brangelina (RIP) owned the It celebrity couple status in the early aughts, today an almost endless list of cool couples has sprung up to vie for the title. We're looking at you Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, Zendaya and Tom Holland, Hailey and Justin Bieber, Kaia Gerber and Austin Butler, Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper and Suki Waterhouse and Robert Pattinson, who just welcomed their first child. As much as we love watching their romances play out on social media, it's their synchronized sartorial vibes that really have our attention. As far as Hollywood goes, it's a case of the couple that slays together, stays together.
Model/singer/actress Waterhouse is London's latest It girl with a chic effortless style reminiscent of Sienna Miller. It also doesn't hurt that the Daisy Jones & The Six star just had a baby with fellow British heartthrob and actor Pattinson. The relatively private couple isn't often spotted in public, but when they do make an appearance, it's always memorable on the style front. At the 2023 Met Gala celebrating "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty," Waterhouse looked like an ethereal princess in a sheer embellished dress and Pattinson's tailored suit with a crisp white button-down and a whimsical gold brooch was the perfect complement.
A post shared by Neha Patel (@theerastour_13)
Despite being one of the most famous couples in the world, the superstar and Kansas City Chiefs tight end have kept their style relatively subtle. Kelce favors baggy pants and oversize denim jackets, often in cool colors and prints, while Swift prefers pleated skirts and simple tops. Sometimes sprinkling in trendier items like a Jean Paul Gaultier mesh tee and a Charlotte Simone fur coat. For game day, Swift honors her man with red and white sweatshirts and jackets in the Chiefs' color palette.
A post shared by instagram
Makeup mogul Kylie Jenner and Wonka actor Timothée Chalamet made their debut as an unlikely couple at the Golden Globes in January in matching black embroidered ensembles (along with a little PDA to match) setting off a global media frenzy. As two of the world's most famous celebrities — Jenner has 400 million Instagram followers and Chalamet has starred in major films including Dune and Call Me by Your Name — they immediately became a power couple.
Jenner has even switched up her style since dating Chalamet, leaning into more of a sophisticated bombshell look. Recent go-tos include embellished dresses and sleek, retro wavy hairstyles. Jenner's newfound understated style helps balance out Chalamet's more flamboyant tendencies. Named The Lyst Index's most influential man in fashion in 2019, he's been seen rocking floral-print and magenta suits and sequin cropped jackets on the red carpet. A style star in his own right, he's never afraid of a bold and daring look.
Supermodel Gerber and Hollywood heartthrob Butler make a gorgeous couple, whether they're hitting the red carpet or strolling around Los Angeles. Day to day, the couple dresses in complementary casual classics. Gerber favors timeless, elegant pieces like trench coats and printed maxi skirts and tops off her looks with chic sunglasses. Elvis star Butler, who always dresses sharp with a cool modern edge, also has a similar off-duty vibe, favoring effortless pieces like a white T-shirt and a baseball cap.
On the red carpet, the duo keeps their timelessness with sleek, modern silhouettes in neutral hues. Think glam high-neck gowns for Gerber and dapper suits for Butler.
Zendaya and Holland met while filming Spider-Man: Homecoming in 2016 and confirmed their romance in 2021. The stars, both at the peak of their careers thanks to major roles in the Spider-Man movie franchise along with Dune and Euphoria, respectively, have solidified their high-profile status with memorable red carpet moments.
Stylist Law Roach is responsible for Zendaya's cutting-edge red carpet looks, from the shimmering custom tennis-inspired Loewe gown that she just wore during the Challengers press tour to the futuristic Alexander McQueen glow-in-the-dark suit she wore to promote Dune: Part Two in Seoul. Complete with sleek, not overly done makeup and the actress' overall poised presence, Zendaya's looks always slay.
Her British actor beau opts for clean-cut styles with a bit of an edge when it comes to the red carpet. Holland favors tailored bomber jackets, streamlined trousers and classic black suits and tops his looks off with Chelsea boots and slicked-back hair. His simple yet dapper looks perfectly complement Zendaya's statement gowns on the red carpet.
When off duty, the down-to-earth couple maintains a similar no-fuss uniform: jeans, a T-shirt, a tailored jacket and maybe a baseball cap.
A post shared by instagram
Love or hate them, the Biebers make an undeniable impact with their style. The power couple, who have said they are homebodies, maintains a low-key, comfortable look.
The Canadian singer has become known for his laid-back street style, often rocking sweatpants or baggy Balenciaga jeans and hoodies from his streetwear brand Drew House, athleisure wear complete with a yellow smiley face logo that he launched in 2019.
His supermodel and minimalist beauty mogul wife is also the queen of casual cool with her "clean girl" makeup, sleek hairstyles and chic, simple ensembles. Together the duo often coordinates with white T-shirts, baggy jeans, gray sweatsuits, leather bombers and oversized hoodies just some of the items they both love. In fact, they could easily swap wardrobes.
A post shared by instagram
Supermodel mogul Hadid and actor Cooper are deep into the honeymoon stage of their relationship. While the pair hasn't yet publicly commented about their relationship, they have a lot in common despite their 21-year age gap. Both are single parents and Cooper even bought a house in Pennsylvania near Hadid's family's farm.
Often spotted out and about looking stylish on cute date nights in New York City, the pair has even begun to dress alike in leather bombers and neutral accessories, the very epitome of casual cool. Hadid has also been rocking more pared-down looks when spotted with Cooper, such as a vintage Mickey Mouse sweatshirt and relaxed-fit trousers, an edgier departure from her usual classic American style. Cooper, on the other hand, has taken things up a notch with tailored denim and sleek jackets.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved