The Kansas City Chiefs tight end tells PEOPLE his glass is "all the way full" these days 
Janine Rubenstein is Editor-at-Large at PEOPLE and host of PEOPLE Every Day podcast, a daily dose of breaking news, pop culture and heartwarming human interest stories. Formerly Senior Editor of music content, she's also covered crime, human interest and television news throughout her many years with the brand. Prior to PEOPLE she's written for Essence, The Cape Times newspaper and Los Angeles Magazine among others. On-screen Rubenstein can be found featured on shows like Good Morning America and Entertainment Tonight and she routinely hosts PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly's star-studded Red Carpet Live specials. Follow the San Francisco native, Black Barbie collector and proud mom of two on Instagram and Twitter @janinerube
 Travis Kelce is living his best life.

 Fresh off of his third Super Bowl win, Kelce, 34, tells PEOPLE, "I'm the happiest I've ever been. I'm a guy that some people say is glass half full, half empty, and my glass is all the way full. It's all the way full."

 "I'm oozing life right now," adds Kelce, who recently got back from a vacation to the Bahamas with girlfriend Taylor Swift.

Dustin Satloff/Getty
 The Kansas City Chiefs tight end says he's been enjoying all the opportunities that come his way after his third championship in five years.

 "It's just so much fun getting into when you win the Super Bowl, all these doors open, and so I've just been going through all these open doors, experiencing life and just appreciating the people that have got me here and also staying high and meeting new faces."

 Soon enough, Kelce will begin preparing for a new NFL season, but right now he's got a lot more in the works outside of the football field.

Tim Nwachukwu/Getty
 On May 18, Kelce will host his second annual Kelce Jam music festival in Kansas City with performances from Lil Wayne, Diplo and 2 Chainz. What's more, production is set to begin this summer on a documentary he's co-producing about late artist Jean-Michel Basquait, called King Pleasure.

 And in early 2025, Kelce and his teammate Patrick Mahomes will open a steakhouse in Kansas City called 1587 Prime — a nod to their combined jersey numbers.

David Eulitt/Getty Images
 But Kelce says he prefers to stay busy, especially as he ventures deeper into the entertainment industry.

 "It doesn't feel like there's much chill in my life. Everything seems to be full throttle and just moving at the speed of light, and that's how I kind of like it."

 Kelce adds, "I like it to be up pace. I like to have just exciting things going on. And sure enough, I'm out here in the entertainment world trying to dabble into that before I get back locked in on football and knowing that that's going to be my focus until I'm done playing."

 "But to dabble around in the entertainment space is something that I'm really interested in," he adds.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 The second annual Kelce Jam is presented by Jim Beam, and fans can register for tickets now at KelceJam.com ahead of Friday's pre-sale.

Kyle Rivas/Getty 
 The 20,000 fans in attendance will be able to Kansas City's Super Bowl celebrations going, says Kelce. "It's just going to be an amazing opportunity to get out in front of Kansas City and just celebrate the Super Bowl win one more time."

 The Kelce Jam will offer more than just a star-studded lineup of performers, says the tight end. "It's not just a music festival, it's a food festival as well," he tells PEOPLE.

 The event will have "a bunch of Kansas City's best local spots" as well as Wingstop, Uncrustables and Uber Eats options. "Making sure that nobody leaves hungry," Kelce adds.

 "It's just such a cool experience to be able to do this for Kansas City and to see Kansas City coming out and wanting to do this with me as well. I'm just so grateful."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)