Travis Kelce’s summer plans include a trip across the Atlantic to “support” girlfriend Taylor Swift on the European leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, confirmed to “Entertainment Tonight” on Tuesday that he will be joining the pop star, also 34, when she hits the road again next month. 
“Oh, you know I gotta go support,” the athlete told the outlet when asked if he would be “packing [his] bags” soon.
Kelce noted that he is more than happy to repay the favor after the “Cruel Summer” singer attended so many of his NFL games throughout the season. 
“We are both very career-driven. I think we both love what we do and any chance that I can show my support to her — knowing that she has shown me all the support in the world throughout the season — it’s just been an amazing experience getting to know Tay,” he said. 
Although Kelce didn’t reveal which cities he plans to join Swift in, he hinted that her shows in London and Paris were “can’t-miss” concerts.
“I’ll tell you what, I think the London shows. I think she’s at Wembley [Stadium] eight times? Which is mind-blowing that she can do that many shows in one stadium and fill that thing up,” he said.
Kelce, who played an NFL game against the Detroit Lions at the same venue in 2015, joked that he couldn’t even fill the space for a single day. 
For more Page Six you love…
“And London is always an amazing city and Paris is a beautiful city and she will be all over Europe,” he added. “There won’t be a bad show, I promise you that.”
Sources previously told the US Sun that the three-time Super Bowl champion would be pulling out all the stops for Swift during her days off in each European city. 
The NFL star reportedly booked ultra-luxurious hotels and restaurants for them in France and Italy to enjoy during their downtime — including a $6,300-per-night penthouse in the City of Love and a $12,000-a-night hotel in Rome.
“He wants to take her on romantic getaways to have her relax and go discover those nice cities and European romantic places together,” an insider close to Kelce told the outlet.
For more Page Six you love…
While it’s unclear how long Kelce will be joining the superstar on the road, we will not be at her shows in Stockholm in mid-May due to schedule conflicts. 
As Swift takes the stage in Sweden, Kelce will be hosting the 2024 installment of Kelce Jam, a music festival featuring performances from Lil Wayne, Diplo and 2 Chainz. 
The “Catching Kelce” alum has already traveled to several different countries since he started dating the 14-time Grammy winner last summer. 
Despite his busy football season, Kelce flew down to Argentina last November to watch his leading lady take the stage. Once his season was over, the NFL star made brief trips to Australia and Singapore to catch a couple more shows. 
The jet-setting pair also spent some time in the Bahamas last month as Swift lapped up her last bit of down time before her hectic tour schedule resumes. 
Advertisement