By 

	Larisha Paul


	The second annual Kelce Jam — the music festival hosted by Travis Kelce — has been scheduled. The event will return to Kansas City on Saturday, May 18 with headlining performances from Lil Wayne, Diplo, and 2 Chainz. “Kansas City are you ready to fight for your right to party!?” the Kansas City Chiefs player wrote on Instagram while announcing the event.

	“Kansas City, Kelce Jam is back baby! I’m excited to once again welcome fans for the ultimate day of music, food, and an electric experience celebrating Kansas City,” Kelce added in a press statement. “Last year you exceeded my expectations when over 20,000 fans showed up in the rain to ‘fight for your right to party,’ and this year promises to be even more over the top as we welcome Lil Wayne, Diplo, and 2Chainz to the stage!”
A post shared by Kelce Jam (@kelcejam)

	Kelce Jam will host 20,000 attendees into the Azura Amphitheater for seven hours, kicking off at 5 p.m. Additional performers will be announced in the lead up to the festival, which also features DJ Irie and DJ E-V. General sale for the event will begin on Friday, April 5 at 10 a.m. CT. Presales will run throughout the week.

	










	Last year’s event was helmed by Machine Gun Kelly, Loud Luxury, and Rick Ross during Draft Weekend 2023. “It was such a blast that I had to do it again this year. I’m so excited,” Kelce told The Hollywood Reporter. “I wanted to keep it fresh and keep it new.”

	He added: “It’s going to be so much, fun and I cannot wait to get back out and celebrate with KC, man. It’s just a blast every single time we can get together to celebrate these back-to-back [Super Bowl wins] one last time.”

	Kelce’s celebration of the Kansas City Chiefs second Super Bowl win in a row kicked off in the hours after the game ended, when he was spotted at after parties throughout Las Vegas. Taylor Swift was with him for a few of those, including one where the couple shared a sweet moment during an EDM remix of “Love Story.” The team made their way back to Las Vegas a few weeks after for yet another party, that time stopping in at Wynn Las Vegas to watch Marshmello perform at his ongoing residency at XS Nightclub.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	








	As far as musicianship goes, Kelce knows when to stay in his lane — it’s a lesson Swift imparted on him. “She’s on a whole other stratosphere. She’s the best at what she does for a reason. It’s because she’s so articulate and just very dialed into every single thing that she does,” he told The Hollywood Reporter. “I’d be silly if I ever tried to take anything from what she does, other than just enjoy the people that show up. I think that’s one thing I could probably take away: She really relates to the people she’s performing in front of, and so I’ll take that.”

	










	Still, the athlete is committed to being Kelce Jam’s resident hype man, joking: “You’ll see me up there with the mic having some fun and trying to keep the crowd hype, and everybody excited for the next act. But yeah, I can’t help myself, man. Once I got a mic in my hand, you never know what I’ll do.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.