Manage your account
The musical lineup has been announced ahead of the return of Kelce Jam next month at Azura Amphitheater.
Kelce Jam is Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce’s music festival, and since last year’s show he began dating someone really big in the music business: Taylor Swift.
In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter, Kelce was asked if he learned anything from Swift.
“I did: Don’t try and be Taylor, that’s what I learned,” Kelce said. “Yeah, she’s on a whole other stratosphere. She’s the best at what she does for a reason. It’s because she’s so articulate and just very dialed into every single thing that she does. And that’s the beauty of it. I’d be silly if I ever tried to take anything from what she does, other than just enjoy the people that show up. I think that’s one thing I could probably take away: She really relates to the people she’s performing in front of, and so I’ll take that.”
In an interview with Entertainment Tonight, Kelce was asked how the couple influences each other’s taste in music.
“It’s definitely been fun to experience her taste in music for sure,” Kelce said. “I mean, she’s so amazing at what she does. And to find that creativity, to see where she likes to pull things from and just really how she listens to music is very eye-opening to me. So it’s been fun getting to hear her taste on it.”
Swift is taking a break from her Eras Tour at the moment, but she’ll be heading to Europe next month. Kelce is in the offseason from the Chiefs, but he’ll still have work to do with the team this spring.
When asked if Kelce plans a trip to Europe to see Swift, he said: “Oh, you know, I’ve got to go support. You know it.”
Kelce also talked about how he and Swift both try to make time to see the other do their jobs.
“I think we’re both very career-driven,” Kelce said. “I think we both love what we do. And, you know, any chance that I can, you know, show my support to her and knowing that she’s shown me all the support in the world throughout the season. It’s just been an amazing experience.”
Here is the interview with Entertainment Tonight.