Manage your account
Outside of music, Taylor Swift is widely known for her sparkling red-carpet outfits and stage looks.
But she also has a strong street style, as seen during her New York City strolls over the years.
Swift seems to be a fan of statement coats, patterned tights, and denim ensembles.
Taylor Swift knows a thing or two about fashion.
Of course, she has a certified triple platinum single titled "Style." But there's also the matter of her concert outfits, red-carpet looks, and standout street style.
The latter, in particular, has evolved over the years. She once stepped out in outfits comprised of miniskirts and tank tops but now sports designer looks from Vivienne Westwood and shoes from Christian Louboutin.
Here are the best ensembles she's worn while out and about over the years.
Taylor Swift has been in the spotlight since the mid-2000s, but her street style really started to stand out in the 2010s.
For a New York City outing in November 2011, for example, Swift tucked a navy, cable-knit sweater by Ralph Lauren into a pleated yellow skirt from ModCloth.
Her academia-esque look was completed with magenta Marc Jacobs kitten heels, red lipstick, and a blue Fendi purse that matched the sparkling 13 drawn on her hand.
2014, in particular, was a big year for Swift's fashion in the lead-up to her album "1989."
She wore lots of crop tops and miniskirts at the time, like this gray two-piece set from Alice + Olivia.
Still, it was her accessories that made looks like the above stand out. She wore vibrant pink pumps designed by Christian Louboutin and carried a yellow version of Dolce & Gabbana's Linda Tote bag.
She had fun with accessories that year, including unconventional ones like her cat Olivia.
She carried her cat on a September day in New York City while wearing a classically preppy look.
She tucked a white Free People top adorned with lace sleeves into a plaid skirt from RD Style and completed the look with a maroon pair of sheer knee-highs by Tabbisocks.
Swift also wore black loafer pumps from & Other Stories and carried a green Dolce & Gabbana bag.
Standout coats have been a longtime fashion staple of Swift's, and they also played a part in her "1989" wardrobe.
Less than a month after her fifth studio album was released, Swift was photographed spending time with Karlie Kloss in New York City.
She wore a little black dress underneath a tan, tattersall coat, sheer polka-dot tights, and lace-up heeled Oxfords.
Swift also carried a burgundy purse and sported a thin gold headband adorned with a small bow.
By 2015, Swift had adopted tank tops and tailored shorts.
For one outing in May 2015, Swift wore an open-back tank top from Zara with black-and-white printed shorts from River Island.
She also added blue patent-leather heels from Pedro Garcia for a pop of color, Swarovski sunglasses, and a Mary Katrantzou bag.
But in 2016, Swift's street style had a brief rocker period.
Not only had the musician chopped her long locks in favor of a bleached bob, but she also wore edgier clothes for a brief time.
In May 2016, she was photographed leaving a gathering at Anna Wintour's home while wearing a plaid Louis Vuitton dress with chunky boots and a leather jacket — both from the fashion house.
For accessories, she chose only a small black purse designed by Mark Cross.
Eventually, she returned to vibrant colors and denim garments.
In August 2016, Swift walked around New York City while wearing a pink Brandy Melville tank top underneath a denim overall-style dress from Tularosa.
She also sported a black Marni bag and flower-printed sneakers from Gucci.
She also hinted at her glamorous red-carpet style with her nighttime looks.
One evening in September 2016, Swift was photographed wearing a black V-neck Aritzia bodysuit worn underneath a white miniskirt from Related Apparel.
But her accessories really made the outfit. Swift wore strappy sandals from Louise et Cie, a tan clutch by Aspinal of London, and a white choker necklace from Adornmonde.
A few days later, Swift wore one of the most colorful looks of her bleached-hair era.
Her striped, long-sleeved bodysuit was from PH5, while her pleated, burgundy miniskirt was from Urban Outfitters.
She wore both pieces with Michael Kors sunglasses, a Burberry bag, and platform, velvet sandals from Aquazurra.
In the summer of 2018, Swift's street style began to reflect the transition from her "Reputation" album cycle to that of "Lover."
She was photographed in July of that year wearing a pinstriped Unravel Project shirt hanging off one shoulder and distressed denim shorts from Gucci.
While the casual outfit matched the dark aesthetic of her sixth studio album — as did her black leather Tod's boots and Tommy Hilfiger bag — her vibrant lipstick, wavy hair, and Miu Miu earrings hinted at the era to come.
Swift fully embraced the colorful side of her style in 2019.
Days before her song "ME!" was released to the world, Swift stepped out in New York City wearing one of her quirkiest outfits to date.
It consisted of a floral Zimmermann dress, a red Mango blazer, and Rupert Sanderson sandals.
The highlights of Swift's outfit, however, were her pink-tinted hair and her cat-printed purse from Anya Hindmarch.
In 2023, the "Midnights" musician subtly leveled up a simple summer dress with luxurious jewelry.
After performing three sold-out shows at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, in late May, Swift was photographed outside Electric Lady Studios in New York City.
She wore a black cotton dress with a black belt around the waist, $450 Waylon slide sandals from Anine Bing, $200 Indio sunglasses from the same brand, and a brown version of the $895 M Frame Box Bag from Mansur Gavriel.
But most impressive was Swift's gold, diamond-encrusted Cartier necklace from the 1980s.
The sparkling jewelry — called the Agrafe Herringbone Twisted Necklace — is no longer produced, but one recently sold on 1stDibs, an online luxury marketplace, for $27,250.
In June of that year, she mixed a bunch of classic pieces to create a casual but cool look.
She wore a pinstripe shirt from The Row over a pleated Free People skort and paired both pieces with a baseball cap, lace-up oxford shoes, and a Patou purse.
And she showed the fashionable side of cargo pants in September 2023.
Swift's navy pants were designed by Vince, while her sheer cashmere tank top was by Gabriela Hearst.
She wore them with ankle boots from The Row, a Ralph Lauren baseball cap, and a purse from Yuzefi.
The following month, Swift stepped out with her boyfriend Travis Kelce — and their couple style stole the show.
Her chic black-and-gold ensemble featured an $825 houndstooth coat from Gant over a Versace corset top and high-waisted black trousers.
She also carried the $340 Nirvana bag from Aupen and wore a $70 gold necklace from Mazin Jewels. Her updo hairstyle and red lipstick completed the look.
She put a feminine twist on an athletic style before releasing "1989 (Taylor's Version)."
She was photographed in New York City wearing an $850 rugby shirt from Stella McCartney as a dress.
She wore the shirt, which was emblazoned with a golden horse design, with knee-high Prada boots in an auburn shade and a corduroy hat from Ralph Lauren.
Swift was bejeweled on her birthday in December 2023 with a celestial dress.
Designed by Clio Peppiatt, the black garment was sleeveless, covered in black sparkles, and decorated with silver moons and stars.
Swift wore the minidress with a fuzzy Anine Bing jacket draped over her arms, platform heels, and a silver Aquazzura bag in hand.
As she left the party, she was also seen wearing a massive teardrop-shaped ring made from opal and blue topaz stones. Though many assumed it was gifted to her by Kelce, it was later revealed to have been a birthday present from Keleigh Teller, Swift's friend and Miles Teller's wife.
She kicked off 2024 with a street-style look that had "Reputation" vibes.
For an outing to Lucalli Pizza in New York City with Blake Lively, Swift sported a velvet green dress with long sleeves and a short skirt.
She also wore semi-sheer black tights and over-the-knee boots from the Jean Paul Gaultier x Jimmy Choo collaboration.
The shoes, which retail for $2,450, had fans convinced that "Reputation (Taylor's Version)" would soon be released because they're decorated with images of snakes — a symbol of the album and era.
Swift has yet to share any news about the expected album.
She later paid homage to a track from "The Tortured Poets Department" with an ensemble in September.
Swift stepped out during a September visit to Electric Lady Studios in New York City in a three-piece outfit from Monse. Inspired by art from the 1950s, each tapestry piece was decorated with images of a landscape and a landing UFO.
The musician likely chose to wear the $1,490 jacket, $740 corset, and $890 miniskirt as a nod to her song "Down Bad," which uses alien analogies to express her feelings about a breakup.
She paired the outfit with $1,270 statement boots from Vivienne Westwood, adding a high-fashion touch to the quirky outfit.
Swift elevated her date-night style with Gucci and Dior pieces in October.
While out with Kelce in October, Swift was photographed wearing a $1,700 lace-embellished Gucci corset, a $195 faux-leather miniskirt from RTA, and $1,720 Louis Vuitton boots, which are now sold out.
The three pieces created a feminine and edgy ensemble that also embodied quiet luxury, especially thanks to her accessories.
She sported a $2,498 Ralph Lauren coat, carried a $4,400 Dior Saddle bag, and accessorized with two expensive rings: a $3,150 gold and diamond band from Louis Vuitton and a $3,490 pear-shaped piece from Shala Karimi.
Swift took a fashion risk with a bold outfit at the start of this month.
Whereas most of Swift's street-style looks are classic and subdued, the dress she wore in New York City this month was anything but.
Designed by Vivienne Westwood, the $2,390 piece had a structured, off-the-shoulder bodice that looked like it had been painted with strokes of yellow, blue, and red. Its puffed skirt, on the other hand, was decorated with uneven blue stripes.
Swift completed the outfit with $795 velvet sandals from Aquazzara, which have since sold out, a vintage necklace from For Future Reference that previously retailed for $12,750, and a $355 Vivienne Westwood purse.
Read the original article on Business Insider