ENERGY
As it advances construction on its Vineyard Wind project, Avangrid has received a crucial federal government approval for its next offshore wind farm, dubbed New England Wind. The Connecticut company, a division of Spain’s Iberdrola Group, said on Tuesday that it received a federal “Record of Decision” from the Department of Interior and expects a “Construction and Operations Plan” approval in July. Avangrid started the permitting for New England Wind 1 and New England Wind 2 when they were known as Park City Wind and Commonwealth Wind, respectively. The company, like several other offshore wind developers, scrapped contracts that it had for those two projects when it found them to be uneconomical due to rising interest rates and materials costs. Avangrid has since revived those plans and submitted bids for contracts in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut under the New England Wind name. The states will announce the winners in August. New England Wind 1, formerly Park City, is further along, planned for a lease area about 30 miles south of Cape Cod, and its transmission line would make landfall at Craigville Beach in Barnstable. The project would go up to the south of Vineyard Wind, which Avangrid is building in a joint venture with Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners. Avangrid said New England 1 and 2 together will generate 1,900 megawatts when complete, or enough power for approximately 1 million homes. — JON CHESTO
DEVELOPMENT
Advertisement
MassDevelopment has sold a 33-acre portion of the shuttered Grafton State Hospital property to Boston-based GFI Partners, which plans to build two buildings totaling 200,000 square feet that it will lease for life sciences or other industrial uses. GFI, which purchased the land for $2.65 million, plans to start construction this summer and wrap up in early 2026. The site, at 124 Westboro Road in Grafton, is near the Grafton commuter rail station, as well as Tufts University’s Grafton Science Park and Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine. The state Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance transferred the land to MassDevelopment in 2017, with a goal of fostering more economic development along the Route 30 corridor, aka Westboro Road. MassDevelopment first reached a deal to sell the land to GFI in 2022. — JON CHESTO
Advertisement
COWORKING
Embattled co-working space provider WeWork says it expects to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of May, touting lease-restructuring efforts that it estimates will bring $8 billion in future rental savings. Cutting back on real estate costs has been a top priority for WeWork since the New York-based company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November. At the time, WeWork said that rental liabilities accounted for about two-thirds of its operating costs as it tried to renegotiate nearly all of its leases. In an update Tuesday, WeWork said it had “determined a final path forward” at 90 percent of the company’s about 500 wholly owned locations in its global real estate portfolio, including through agreements to amend or reject leases. — ASSOCIATED PRESS
AUTOMOTIVE
Toyota and Honda notched big US sales gains and General Motors grew retail deliveries to start the year as demand for lower-priced models help automakers defy expectations for a broad slowdown. Toyota said Tuesday that deliveries rose more than 20 percent in the first quarter, buoyed by the compact Corolla sedan and RAV4 crossover. Honda’s CR-V crossover and Civic compact drove the Japanese automaker to a 17 percent sales increase. GM reported a 1.5 percent drop in units sold during the quarter due to lower purchases by corporate fleets, but increased sales at retail by 6 percent with its Chevrolet Trax compact showing the biggest gain. — BLOOMBERG NEWS
Advertisement
AVIATION
Airbus delivered about 145 aircraft in the first three months of the year as the planemaker works to ramp up output and meet its annual handover goal of 800 jets. The European planemaker delivered about 65 jets to airlines in March, an increase from the 49 shipped in February and more than double those handed over in January, according to a person familiar with the matter. Airbus is trying to push its strained supply chain to ramp up output at a time when demand for aircraft remains at record levels, even as its main rival Boeing remains mired in crisis following a near-catastrophic accident at the start of the year. — BLOOMBERG NEWS
INTERNET
Taylor Swift and her Super Bowl-winning boyfriend Travis Kelce, along with Sydney Sweeney, Ryan Gosling, and Timothee Chalamet, are among the nominees for this year’s Webby Awards, recognizing the best internet content and creators. The International Academy of Digital Arts & Sciences announced the nominees on Tuesday, the result of 13,000 entries from more than 70 countries. Swift’s Instagram message encouraging her 283 million followers to register to vote was nominated in the best creator or influencer category. The website she directed her fans to — the nonpartisan Vote.org — recorded more than 35,000 registrations, according to the organization. Kelce got a nomination in the best sports podcast category for teaming up with his brother Jason for their “New Heights” show. Speaking of couples, Michelle Obama got a nod for her “The Light Podcast,” while her husband, former president Barack Obama, was nominated for his work with LinkedIn. — ASSOCIATED PRESS
Advertisement
HOTELS
In the 1971 film “Diamonds are Forever,” James Bond stays in a swanky suite at the Tropicana Las Vegas. It was the Tropicana’s heyday. The lavish casino was a frequent haunt of the legendary Rat Pack, while its past under the mob cemented its place in Vegas lore. But after welcoming guests for 67 years, the doors to the Las Vegas Strip’s third-oldest casino were chained shut at noon Tuesday and demolition is slated for October to make room for a $1.5 billion Major League Baseball stadium — part of the city’s latest rebrand as a hub for sports entertainment. — ASSOCIATED PRESS
SOFTWARE
Microsoft will stop packaging its Teams videoconferencing app with its Office software after the practice attracted antitrust scrutiny. The tech giant said Monday that customers buying Office subscriptions starting this week won’t get Teams bundled with the service. Microsoft will start selling the two products separately around the world, following a move last year to separate the products in Europe. That was after the European Union’s executive commission, the 27-nation bloc’s top competition enforcer, opened a formal investigationover concerns that bundling Teams with Office gives the company an unfair edge over competitors. — ASSOCIATED PRESS
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information