Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's music roots are rubbing off on Travis Kelce — he has announced the return of the Kelce Jam and shared what he has learned from his girlfriend's experience and talent in the music industry.
"She's on a whole other stratosphere. She's the best at what she does for a reason. It's because she's so articulate and just very dialed into every single thing that she does," he shared with The Hollywood Reporter.
He continued: "I'd be silly if I ever tried to take anything from what she does, other than just enjoy the people that show up. I think that's one thing I could probably take away: She really relates to the people she's performing in front of, and so I'll take that."
The upcoming Kelce Jam marks its second consecutive year, featuring an impressive lineup including performances by Lil Wayne, Diplo, and 2 Chainz. Scheduled for May 18, the event will take place at The Azura Amphitheater in Kansas City, Kansas.
"It was such a blast that I had to do it again this year. I'm so excited," Kelce told The Hollywood Reporter. "I wanted to keep it fresh and keep it new, so this year we asked Lil Wayne, Diplo and 2 Chainz to come out and perform. And of course, we still got DJ Irie and my guy, DJ E-V, jumping it off, the hometown kid. We got to show the hometown love."
With last year's event drawing a crowd of 20,000 attendees, headlined by Rick Ross and Machine Gun Kelly, Kelce himself even took to the stage. When questioned about his potential return to the stage this year, Kelce playfully teased his response.
"I don't know about performing. I'm going to leave that up to the professionals, but you'll see me up there with the mic having some fun and trying to keep the crowd hype, and everybody excited for the next act," he shared. "I can't help myself, man. Once I got a mic in my hand, you never know what I'll do."
Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC