Taylor Swift has officially entered Forbes’ Billionaires List for the first time, according to the new edition of the rich list. Forbes unveiled its 2024 list today (Tuesday, April 2), which included the ‘Cruel Summer’ hitmaker.
Her estimated net worth came to $1.1billion (£874 million), finding herself ranked at 2,545th out of a record 2,871 billionaires for 2024. Other new names included Sam Altman, creator of ChatGPPT at $1billion (£795 million), basketball legend Magic Johnson with a reported net worth of $1.2billion (£950m) and TV producer Dick Wolf, behind the US Law and Order and Chicago franchise, also on $1.2billion.
Taylor has had continuous success over the past years; her estimated $190 million post-tax earnings from her world-renowned The Eras Tour, box office earnings for The Eras Tour movie of $261.6 million, and release of 1989 (Taylor's Version), has propelled her onto the list. Her newest album The Tortured Poets Department is set to be released on April, 19.
According to Forbes, Taylor is also the first person to enter the list whose earnings are “based solely on songwriting and performing”. The pop star is just one of fourteen celebrities on the World Billionaires List, which included the likes of Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Jay-Z, Oprah Winfrey, and Steven Spielberg.
Bernard Arnault, the CEO of French luxury goods house LVHM, and his family topped the list with an estimated $233billion (£185 billion). LVHM empire includes 75 fashion and cosmetics brands, such as Louis Vuitton and Sephora.
Following Arnault was Elon Musk, the new owner of X (formerly known as Twitter ) and co-founder of Tesla and SpaceX, with £195 billion in second, and Jeff Bezos, founder and chief executive of Amazon, with a net worth of $194 billion (third). Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook and Meta, found himself in fourth with a net worth of $177 billion.
Eight of the top ten richest people on the planet were from the United States, with six of those making their money from technology industries.
Forbes said the class of billionaires for 2024 were 255 per cent richer than a decade ago, now worth $2 trillion (£1.59 trillion) in all, meaning just 0.5 per cent of the world's 2,781 billionaires hold 14 per cent of all billionaire wealth. The US still has more billionaires than any other country, with a record 813 on the list. This was followed by China remaining in second, followed by India (third).
Read the full Forbes World’s Billionaires List, here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.