WWE is reportedly making a play for recently retired Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce to have some involvement in its biggest event of the year.
Fightful's Sean Ross Sapp reported Tuesday that WWE has reached out to Kelce ahead of WrestleMania 40, which will take place at the Eagles' Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia on Saturday and Sunday.
Kelce is a beloved figure in Philly, having spent his entire 13-year NFL career with the Eagles before retiring last month.
WrestleMania is built on a foundation of celebrity involvement dating back to the inaugural WrestleMania in 1985, which featured Mr. T, Muhammad Ali, Cyndi Lauper and Liberace, among others.
WWE always aims to make WrestleMania as big of a spectacle as possible, and utilizing stars from other mediums in matches or segments has been a tried-and-true method.
It has already been revealed that Philadelphia's own Meek Mill will be present for WrestleMania, and on Monday night's episode of Raw, another superstar rapper in Lil Wayne said he would be in attendance.
If Kelce appears at WrestleMania, it is unclear what he would do, but it would be a major coup for WWE.
Not only would the seven-time Pro Bowler, six-time first-team All-Pro, one-time Super Bowl champion and potential future Pro Football Hall of Famer get a huge reaction from the crowd in Philly, but he would help generate mainstream attention as well.
Along with his brother, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, Jason hosts one of the most popular podcasts in the world in New Heights.
Because Jason and Travis are longtime NFL stars and Travis is dating iconic musician Taylor Swift, New Heights has a huge, loyal fanbase.
WWE has a chance to get even more eyes on WrestleMania if Jason Kelce is involved, even if it is only a brief in-ring or backstage segment to pump up the crowd.
Kelce showed an ability to be the ultimate hype man with his speech during the Eagles' Super Bowl parade in 2018, and WWE would be wise to take advantage of that.
If Jason does appear at WrestleMania, he will be the latest in a long line of NFL stars to do so, including Lawrence Taylor, Rob Gronkowski, George Kittle, Reggie White, Steve "Mongo" McMichael and William "The Refrigerator" Perry.
Listen to Ring Rust Radio for all of the hot wrestling topics. Catch the latest episode in the player below.