Taylor Swift will have to miss Travis Kelce’s 2024 installment of Kelce Jam.
The “All Too Well” singer will be in Stockholm performing her Eras Tour when the Kansas City Chiefs tight end hosts his music festival on Saturday, May 18, at the Azura Amphitheater in Kansas City, Mo.
The event will serve as a continued celebration for Kelce’s NFL team’s Super Bowl win in February.
Kelce Jam will feature Lil Wayne, Diplo, 2 Chainz, DJ Irie and more musical guests as well as food from some of the city’s best restaurants — and Kelce’s favorites. It will start at 5 p.m. local time and end at midnight.
“Kansas City, Kelce Jam is back, baby! I’m excited to once again welcome fans for the ultimate day of music, food and an electric experience celebrating Kansas City,” the athlete, 34, said in a statement.
“Last year you exceeded my expectations when over 20,000 fans showed up in the rain to ‘fight for your right to party,’ and this year promises to be even more over the top as we welcome Lil Wayne, Diplo and 2 Chainz to the stage!”
Tickets for Kelce Jam will go on sale Friday, April 5, with general admission starting at $49.99.
Although Kelce will be tied up with the festival, it is unclear whether he will follow Swift, also 34, to Europe for any of her other scheduled dates.
For more Page Six you love…
After she wraps up her performances in Sweden, the “Cruel Summer” singer will make her way to Portugal, Spain and France with Paramore as her opening act.
Fortunately, the pair has been able to spend a lot of quality time together during their hiatuses. In their downtime, Swift and Kelce flew to Harbour Island in the Bahamas to enjoy a sun-filled and PDA-packed getaway vacation last month.
The duo spared no expense, opting to rent out the luxurious Rosalita House for $15,000 per night before they returned to Los Angeles.
Kelce then enjoyed a solo outing to golf with NBA star Chandler Parsons. Swift appeared to be on the course with him in spirit as he played the air guitar to her hit “Bad Blood.”
Advertisement