Taylor Swift became a billionaire in Oct. 2023, putting her on the official Forbes list for the first time in 2024.
American business magazine Forbes released its 2024 rich list yesterday which showed the Shake It Off star with an estimated fortune of $1.1 billion (£877 billion). However, despite her rise, she remains outside the top ten of the world's wealthiest — all of whom are men. Considering Taylor's song "The Man," this bit likely doesn't come as a shock to her.
In the UK, hedge fund manager Michael Platt is the richest person with £14.4 billion, followed by part-owner of Manchester United Sir Jim Ratcliffe, who is worth £12.9 billion and inventor Sir James Dyson with £10.6 billion. Taylor, 34, amassed her newfound wealth from earnings from her blockbuster Eras tour, the value of her music catalogue, and her property portfolio.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce celebrate Easter with his family at their £4.7million home
In addition to substantial earnings from her initial six albums, the pop star undertook re-recording them. Previously, Taylor had taken her music off of streaming platforms, too, until she could negotiate a better pay cut, a move that set a major positive precedent for other musicians. This achievement is especially noteworthy as Taylor belongs to an elite group that has reached billionaire status solely through music and live performances.
According to Pollstar's 2023 year-end charts, her Eras Tour is the first tour to cross the $1 billion mark. Not only did her concerts claim the top spot as the number one tour globally, but it also amassed an astonishing $1.04 billion (£831.6 million) in revenue, selling 4.35 million tickets across 60 tour dates, as reported by the concert trade publication.
The data from Pollstar, gathered from November 17, 2022, to November 15, 2023, draws from box office reports, venue capacity estimates, historical venue ticket sales data from Pollstar, and other unspecified research methodologies. Additionally, Taylor's tour generated approximately $200 million (£159.8 million) in merchandise sales, further solidifying her status as a tour de force in the music industry.
The singer was included in Forbes' list with Sam Altman, creator of the AI chatbot ChatGPT, who is worth $1 billion (£800 million). LVMH French luxury goods titan Bernard Arnault and his family topped the chart with an estimated $233 billion (£185 billion).
Forbes said there were a record 2,781 billionaires for 2024. The figure is 141 more than last year and 26 more than the previous record set in 2021. Forbes added the elite were richer than ever - with a collective wealth of $14.2 trillion (£11.3 trillion) After Frenchman Arnault and his family, Elon Musk, the owner of Tesla and X, is listed second, with an estimated net worth of $195 billion (£155 billion).
He is followed in third by Amazon owner Jeff Bezos. The South African riches are up eight per cent from last year but down from his net worth in November 2021, when he became the first person to be worth $300 billion (£239 billion). Also joining Forbes's list is basketball legend Magic Johnson with wealth of $1.2 billion (£950 million).
Chase Peterson-Withorn, Forbes senior editor on wealth, said it had been an "amazing" year for the world's richest people. "A record-breaking 14 centi-billionaires have 12-figure fortunes. Even during times of financial uncertainty for many, the super-rich continue to thrive," he added.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.