The world has been gripped by the Taylor Swift Eras Tour and the iconic show is finally coming to the UK in summer, 2024. While many fans grabbed their tickets when they went on sale in 2023 there is still a chance to see the impressive show.
Getting hold of Eras Tour tickets has been tough for Swifties. They sell out almost as soon as they're released, however you can keep an eye on Ticketmaster and AXS for official tickets, as fans who can't attend may resell theirs before Taylor takes to the stage at the Principality Stadium on Tuesday, June 18.
It is likely that any resale tickets will get snapped up very quickly. Alternatively, consider resale ticket websites. Viagogo and VividSeats are selling Taylor Swift Eras Tour tickets. You can keep up to date with the latest What's On news by signing up to the newsletter here.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift outfits to wear for every era of her UK tour this summer
READ NEXT: Disney+ now streaming Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour movie - and full track list
Sites such as Viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs. Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk. With that said, viagogo also commented: "viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the guarantee."
These sites allow you to browse at your own pace, as tickets put up for sale by fans stay available until they're bought. At the time of writing, the cheapest ticket on Viagogo is £310. On VividSeats, the cheapest ticket was $592, which is roughly £466. Want less ads? Download WalesOnline’s Premium app on Apple or Android.
A spokesperson from Viagogo spoke to Express.co.uk about people's worries over using resale tickets. They said: "The European leg of Taylor Swift's Eras tour has been long anticipated. We've not seen anything like this since The Beatles and with tickets having only just gone on sale, demand is at its peak right now."
"Viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee. Sellers on our marketplace may list tickets at high values when demand is high, but prices can change and tend to reduce over time.
"We recommend Swifties wait for demand to settle and check regularly for a listing that meets their budget. Tickets for Taylor Swift's UK dates have already sold for as low as 172 GBP on our platform. Also, tickets listed at eye-catchingly high levels rarely, if ever, sell."
AXS also made a statement: "The only way to obtain a valid ticket for Taylor Swift's shows is via the approved ticket agents. In the UK, the approved ticket agents are: Ticketmaster, AXS or directly through the venue's website. In Ireland, the approved ticket agent is Ticketmaster. Any tickets found to be purchased via re-sale on the non-official secondary market will not be valid for entry into the concerts and will be cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions of sale."
"Through official resale facilities, ticket resale prices are capped to help combat the inflation of ticket prices and put a stop to ticket touting. For more information on official resale facilities, fans should visit the website of their approved ticket agent," they added.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.