Like many I'm sure, I listened to Beyonce's "Cowboy Carter" the weekend of its release. But as an awards watcher, I'm left to ponder, where exactly is this thing supposed to go at the Grammys? Is it country? Americana? Pop? Progressive R&B? Vote in our poll at the bottom of this post.
The album is called "Cowboy Carter," and its cover art features her atop a horse sporting a cowboy hat, but those signifiers may be slightly misleading. They make it seem like Beyonce is just aping country music, and the lead single "Texas Hold 'Em" might also lead you to that conclusion because it's as straight-up country as this album gets. But apart from that and a reimagining of "Jolene," plus a couple of Willie Nelson interludes, this isn't so much a "country album" as it is an album in conversation with country music. I'm not sure I'd slot this album into any one genre in particular, unless "Beyonce" has become a genre unto herself at this point, which would be a fair argument to make. It feels very much like a Beyonce album. It's cohesive, and it's incredibly ambitious -- 27 tracks, 79 minutes long, but it's all killer no filler.
As pop culture phenoms go, Beyonce strikes me as the opposite of a Taylor Swift, not in the sense that I'm pitting them against each other, but in the sense that Swift seems to have honed her music and persona with laser precision (though we'll see what she does with "The Tortured Poets Department"), while Beyonce has used her clout to veer in different directions and pull pop culture along with her through sheer force of will. She popularized the surprise album drop with "Beyonce," that album and "Lemonade" popularized the visual album. The EDM swerve "Renaissance" took her to a different genre (and produced zero music videos), and "Cowboy Carter" takes her to another new genre, but she maintains her identity. She's not a chameleon, hiding in her surroundings. She's a chimera, genuinely composed of those different elements.
But the Grammys have got to slot her somewhere. Where do you think "Cowboy Carter" should go?
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media