We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Are these the perfect seasonal colour palettes? 
A new year means plenty of new opportunities for our fave celebs to inspire us with their fashion choices. We love seeing all their super glam red carpet looks, ofc, but they're not exactly applicable to our actual day-to-day lives – which is why we get SO excited when we see A-Listers out in the wild and wearing their more laid-back, off-duty looks. Now those we *can* copy, or at the very least, take some serious outfit inspiration from...
So obviously, when the iconic celebrity BFF duo that is Taylor Swift and Blake Lively steps out together for a girl's night out, we sit up and pay serious attention – to what they're wearing, in particular. The BFFs were spotted heading out to dinner at Lucali's pizzeria in New York City last night, and while they took a break from twinning (weep!), both of their outfits were great examples of the perfect winter colour palettes.
Taylor opted for earthy tones, wearing an olive green crushed velvet mini-dress by Little Lies (that's only £58!!) with some very cool dark brown over-the-knee boots covered in tattoo designs from the buzzy Jean Paul Gaultier x Jimmy Choo collab (and they are still in stock, btw!). The singer completed her look with sheer black tights, layered gold necklaces and a black leather bag.
Blake, meanwhile, wore a gorge mix of winter brights that are bang on trend, pairing a neutral beige mini-skirt with bare legs (brrr!), a yellow, black and red striped jumper, red-and-gold heels and a cream Louis Vuitton Capucines bag with yellow stripes to match her top. It's the perfect example of dopamine dressing, that's particularly tempting during the grey and generally miserable month of Jan.
The only question that remains, then, is: which colour palette will you be copying this season?
Clementina Jackson is Acting Site Fashion Editor at ELLE UK, working across news and features, trends, e-commerce and SEO. She was previously Fashion Editor at Cosmopolitan and Women’s Health, and Acting Digital Fashion Editor at ELLE UK, where she was named as a PPA 30 Under 30 award winner for her work on size inclusivity. An experienced fashion, travel and luxury lifestyle journalist, Clementina has also written for Harper’s Bazaar, Vanity Fair, Condé Nast Traveller, Tatler, Red and Italy Segreta. 

The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
We found £35 lookalikes to the Hermes Oran sandals
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.