Cody Johnson revealed a tattoo in an odd place in a recent conversation with CMT. He is a nominee in the top six for the CMT Music Award's biggest honor of Video of the Year for his "The Painter" video.
Cody recently answered some questions for CMT and revealed the location of his favorite tattoo on his body. Johnson explained, "It is on the bottom of my foot. I had my tattoo artist come out with me on the road. All these (his many tattoos) have been done either at a venue or on my bus. I have done my entire right arm. I said (to my artist), 'Have you ever done the bottom of a foot?' and he's like, 'No, I never have.' And I was like, 'Tonight after the show, we're doing that.'"
Cody described what the tattoo on the bottom of his foot is, saying, "It's a line, you know if you're a carpenter, you'd say 'One foot over a line' and then the Waylon forever logo because my favorite Waylon Jennings song is 'I've always been crazy with one foot over the line.'"
Johnson added of the moment, "I literally just propped my foot up there on the table and took a big ole tool off a bottle, and he (started), and I'm like, 'It doesn't hurt, It kind of tickled honestly, but I was about half drunk."
CMT shared a video clip of Johnson on their Instagram. They captioned the video clip, "This #CMTAwards nominee has quite the collection of ink @codyjohnson."
Many fans reacted to the funny post, including one who said, "Can't be much different than the top of foot." Another fan wrote, "I think that is a great place to get one; it is so private if you want it to be."

A post shared by

Cody won the CMT Performance of the Year for "Til You Can't" from the 2022 CMT Music Awards.
Photo - Jason Kempin. Getty Images 
The 2024 CMT Music Awards return to Austin, Texas' Moody Center on Sunday, April 7th (8:00-11:00 PM ET) on the CBS television network. The show will be available to stream live and on-demand on Paramount+.
Johnson's star continues to rise in country music, and he also is continuing to make bank with his "Leather" concert tour and album sales. However, that isn't why he got into country music at all.
Cody told us in a recent interview, "One thing I would like for fans to know about me. I'm going to be as real as I can. I'm not in this for the money or the fame. I'm in this because I want to leave my mark on country music."
He added, "So when I'm done, someday when I'm gray and old, and I leave this world, somebody can look back and say, 'Cody Johnson helped save country music and put it back on the path it should be.'"
Cody Johnson is well on his way to becoming one of country music's bigges stars. The former rodeo star, who now sells out arenas with high-action music concerts, is an award favorite at the CMA and ACMs.
Johnson makes sure he always leaves the audience with a memorable performance when it comes to taking the stage, whether at one of his concerts or an awards show. He told us, "Leave nothing behind. We play this show like it's the last show we're ever going to play. This is the show we get remembered for. I hit the stage with the exact same mentality and the exact same intensity every single night because we're not guaranteed tomorrow, so it's like you gotta go out there, and you gotta play it like it's the last one. You gotta play it with the same intensity as if you're never going to get to do it again."
Cody added, "Now, after the fact, we can be like, 'Man, that was cool,' but when you're in the moment… you're like, leave no doubt, leave nothing behind, make sure they remember your name."
Jan. 19 -- Sacramento, Calif. @ Golden 1 Center
Jan. 20 -- Anaheim, Calif. @ Honda Center
Jan. 26 -- San Diego, Calif. @ Pechanga Arena
Jan. 27 -- Glendale, Ariz. @ Desert Diamond Arena
Feb. 2 -- Nashville, Tenn. @ Bridgestone Arena
Feb. 9 -- Wichita, Kan. @ Intrust Bank Arena
Feb. 10 -- N. Little Rock, Ark. @ Simmons Bank Arena
Feb. 16 -- Sunrise, Fla. @ Amerant Bank Arena
Feb. 17 -- Jacksonville, Fla. @ Vystar Veterans Memorial Arena
March 16 -- Birmingham, Ala. @ Legacy Arena @ BJCC
June 1 -- Panama City Beach, Fla. @ Gulf Coast Jam
June 14 -- N. Lawrence, Ohio @ The Country Fest
July 11 -- Ft. Loramie, Ohio @ Country Concert @ Hickory Hills Lakes
As he gears up to hit the road this weekend (1/19), we take a look at four amazing music videos.
This is Cody's first song released under the Warner Brothers record label in Nashville. Although he did not write this song, Johnson says the song reflects on his many hardships and heartbreaks en route to finding the girl he's meant to be with forever. The lyrics of the song's chorus include: "All the stars I've seen / All the songs I've sung / All the beers I've drank / All the damage done / I was just passin' time / Kinda just passin' through / On my way to you."
This music video includes scenes of "fishing excursions, classic-car rebuilding sessions, family dinners" interspersed with footage of Johnson delivering a fiery solo performance of the song. He said of the video, "I love the storyline in the video. You think it's going in one direction, and then suddenly, you are surprised at the turn of events. When they sent me the rough edit of the video, it was so powerful and brought tears to my eyes. It put into perspective the song that I had been singing for months."
The song won the Country Music Association Award for Single of the Year and Video of the Year at the 56th Annual Country Music Association Awards in 2022.
Johnson wrote the song as a very personal tribute to his previous career in bull riding, which struck a chord with Reba McEntire, who grew up on a family ranch competing in barrel racing.
Reba said, "It was a thrill to sing 'Dear Rodeo' with Cody because we're both from the rodeo world. I grew up in a rodeo family; I'm a third-generation rodeo brat. So the song means a lot to me because I did leave rodeo to be in the country music business. I sure miss it."
Cody added, "The story behind 'Dear Rodeo' is more a story about life and less about rodeo. I feel like everybody has their own 'Dear Rodeo' story, and when I found out that Reba was impacted by this song enough to want to do a duet, it was probably one of the coolest things I've ever done in my career."
This music video shows the former bull rider riding horses and also scenes of him playing live in concert. It also shows video clips of Johnson roping cattle in a rodeo arena setting. Cody said that "Human" is his most autobiographical song to date.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!