“Parenthood is a wild thing,” the singer-songwriter said.
 By Nate Todd Apr 4, 2024 • 11:00 am PDT
 Photo by Holly Rainey
Adeem the Artist shared a new single, “Rotations,” a rumination on their step into parenthood. The track will land on the singer-songwriter’s forthcoming album, Anniversary, out on May 3 via Four Quarters Records/Thirty Tigers.
Captured live to tape at Nashville’s The Butcher Shop with producer Butch Walker (Taylor Swift, Frank Turner), Anniversary boasts an ace band including Megan Coleman (Brandi Carlile), Nelson Williams (Jake Blount), Ellen Angelico (Wheeler Walker Jr.), Jessye DeSilva, Aaron Lee Tasjan and Katie Pruitt.
The follow up to Anniversary single, “One Night Stand,” “Rotations” came to fruition “when the East Tennessee-based songwriter got to pondering about their wild timing of becoming a parent,” as per a press release.
“My kid was born on my birthday during my Saturn return,” Adeem said, referencing the astrological event when the Ringed Planet completes its trip around the sun — returning to the place it was when one was born.
“That means the next thirty years are a single rotation of Saturn for the both of us,” Adeem continued. “Got me to thinking about the various measurements of time and how many of those rotations I’m going to get with my kid.” Saturn’s return has long been seen by Western astrologists as a time when major thresholds are crossed.
“Parenthood is a wild thing,” Adeem added.
Listen to the aptly named “Rotations” below:
Adeem The Artist has headline dates on the books along with stints supporting Tyler Childers, S.G. Goodman and Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit. Check out their itinerary with ticket info below.

 Loading tour dates
    
  More Articles  
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.