More followers = more 🤑 
Hello, fellow people who went from having no idea who Jason Kelce and Kylie Kelce were, to being completely obsessed with their relationship. You are among friends. These two could not be more humble or more chill, but make no mistake...they're loaded. 
We have a whole breakdown of what's lurking in Jason Kelce's bank account over this way, but we're here to talk about Kylie Kelce's net worth—which is huge and getting huger as her Instagram following goes 📈. Let the deep dive commence!
And he was right by her side when she graduated from Cabrini University in 2017. No literally, there he is:
While Kylie majored in communications in college, her main passion was field hockey. According to Cabrini Athletics' page, she played defense and started in all 20 games of 2016. In other words, she was super skilled!
Point is, Kylie hadn't entered the work force yet due to focusing on her education and field hockey. Once she met Jason and graduated, she began devoting her time to giving back to their local community. Which makes sense given....
Jason actually started a non-profit called (Be)Philly, which is "dedicated to improving the lives" of Philadelphia's youth by supporting "the most innovative and impactful programs in the city." And obviously Kylie is involved!
She's also integral to the Eagles Autism Foundation and throws events for them every year. In fact, Kylie recently chatted about autism-related advocacy on the Today Show, saying, "I had a neighbor growing up, Tim, who was like my brother. He called me and my sister his sisters, my mom his girlfriend, and my dad "The Boss." He was just a constant, he was always around, and it was a learning experience that I didn't even know we were gaining." 
Kylie added that her friendship with Tim "gave me this deep love and appreciation for one person who was on the autism spectrum, and so therefore it sort of just gives you this love. And it definitely fueled my passion."
She went on to say that when she found out Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie "was using autism as his focus" for the team, she "was all in."
According to Us Weekly, Kylie initially volunteered for the Eagles Autism Foundation and took on “more of an official” role in recent years.
So, how does Kylie make money? Just like all your faves: celebrity endorsements. We're talking Papa Johns, Lindt, Dove...the world is basically her sponsored post oyster. As for what she earns per post, The Sun reports that Kylie could be making as much as $11,900  a pop given her rapidly growing Instagram following. And that number will only rise as her follower count does.
According to Essentially Sports, she has $1 million to her name—though her and Jason's combined net worth is sitting at $31 million. Oh, and let's not forget that these two reportedly own a property in Pennsylvania that they bought for $680,000, as well as homes in Sea Isle City and Cleveland worth several million.
Welp, if you need me I'll be sitting here patiently waiting for Papa Johns to give me an endorsement as a polite thank you for all the pizza I consume.
Does the Tom Hiddleston era really count at this point??? Help.
Alexa, play “...Ready for It?”
Correction: screaming!
Pedro Pascal’s Net Worth Has Broken Records
P﻿atrick Schwarzenegger's $$$ Has Shocked Me
Jason Kelce’s Net Worth Is Truly Massive 
Demi Moore’s Net Worth Is Making Me Sweat
Kendrick Lamar's Net Worth Is Absolutely Stacked
Here’s How the ‘Summer House’ Salaries Work
Travis Kelce's Net Worth Is Way High, Everyone
The 411 on Beyoncé​ and Jay-Z’s Net Worth
The #1 Richest Kardashian May Surprise You...
Trevor Noah’s Net Worth Is Bigger Than Your Faves’
Selena Gomez Gets Paid So Much Per Insta Post
Keira Knightley's Net Worth Is So Massive 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.