Denise Welch has spoken out after Robbie Williams labelled her son Matty Healy as 'unhinged'. The Loose Women star responded by sharing a post from Robbie on Instagram where he moaned about the "boring" British music scene and complimented Matty for being different.
Denise, the proud parent reposted Robbie's celebratory tweet on her own Twitter account together with a doodle previously shared by Robbie himself. The caption of this cartoon was: "Me, Matt Healy and Morrissey playing laser quest at the Trafford Centre [in Manchester]. We then go to Morrissey's [house] to write a song about it called 'We all have fun and then we die.'".
Robbie told his three million followers: "How boring is the music scene right now? I'm not attacking the music itself. I'm just lamenting the death of friction, danger, personality,".
Read more Sharon Osbourne says she 'hated' two 'cringe' Celebrity Big Brother co-stars
He continued: "I get it, everyone's scared. No one knows what you'll say that will get you cancelled," the Let Me Entertain You singer went on. "No one knows what you've already said or written that will end you. So many people to offend."
Robbie then praised Denise's son, saying: "Matt Healy is the only commercially viable Pop/Rock star that I can see who is willing to be something other than beige. I really like Matt - he's unhinged, super smart, super talented and willing to upset. Upsetting for a cause. The cause being a complicated inner life a rebellious streak and boredom."
He hinted that Matt has inspired him, joking that he needs "to get some of that [kind of] musical energy back in my life". "Like I say ''so many people to offend''. I hope I have time to fit them all in," he added, reports the Express.
One fan agreed with Robbie's thoughts on Matty, saying: "Couldn't agree more about Matty Healy - absolutely legend! " under Robbie's online post. The famous singer is known for his bold actions. These have got him into trouble, like being told he can't go to some countries and having his podcast taken off the internet after a very honest chat.
Last year, Matty made headlines in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, when he kissed a man from his band on stage.
He did this to stand against the country's rules that made him really angry. Not long into his show, he was asked to leave and the music event was stopped.
His band was then threatened with a lawsuit for £2 million.
In 2022, Matty worried people by eating raw meat during shows. The NHS had to tell everyone about the dangers of getting sick from uncooked food.
Even though it's not as shocking as Ozzy Osbourne biting a bat's head, Matty's actions have caused a stir. He's even been banned from Dubai for kissing a man and showing a pride flag at a concert.
There are whispers that Matty once dated Taylor Swift. He also said sorry for copying rapper Ice Spice's way of talking, calling himself a "d**k".
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.