After the success of the St. Charles Parish Library’s Taylor Swift Eras Party in January, staff knew they wanted to have an event geared towards younger kids that would have just as much of an impact.
After brainstorming ideas, they came up with what they believe is the perfect draw – Bluey.
Bluey is a popular animated TV show that follows a Blue Heller puppy who has an abundance of energy, imagination and curiosity. The hit show is also popular with parents around the world.
Though Bluey is popular, this will be the library system’s first Bluey-themed event.
“But we know that there are a lot of young – and not so young – Bluey fans in St. Charles Parish,” Assistant Library Director Lauren Campo-Pitz said.
The Blue Bash is scheduled for Friday, April 26 from 6-8 p.m. at the East Regional Library in Destrehan and is geared towards children from birth to 8 years old, though the bash is open to all ages. There is no registration required to attend the free program.
Plenty of activities are planned to celebrate all things Bluey.
“Bluey fans will recognize a lot of these activities from episodes of the show,” Campo-Pitz said. “We’ll have a variety of crafts, including making your own long dog, pair of granny glasses, and Bluey or Bingo headband. Our Fancy Restaurant will serve light snacks throughout the event.”
Activities will include playing a game of Keepy Uppy, a special scavenger hunt, getting Bluey tattoos, dancing, and a photo area. To close out the event, everyone will gather for a special Bluey Dance Mode Party.
Campo-Pitz said they are expecting a large crowd.
“We are ready to have fun with all of the Bluey fans who show up,” she said. “Other libraries around the country have held their own Bluey-themed events, and they were all very popular in their communities.”
This page is available to subscribers. Click here to sign in or get access.
‘Hahnville is back’ – two years after shutting down, color guard earns the gold 
Bicycle group hopes to reignite passion in social rides throughout parish
The final game of Hahnville’s baseball season, a 7-6 loss in extra innings of game two of its best of three opening round series at Ruston, did not deliver the Tigers’ desired result.   […]
Sheriff’s Reports 5-1-2025 […]
Sheriff’s Reports 4-17-2025 […]

			© Copyright 1999 - 2024 St. Charles Herald-Guide