by 
	Kristyn Burtt


Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce managed to enjoy their Bahamas vacation in late March without too much disruption. A few snapshots leaked out after their return, but it seems like they were able to enjoy a romantic holiday in private. 











	However, one eyewitness managed to see some of their interactions while they were away — and it sounds like this dynamic duo is in their love-bubble era! A Life & Style source caught the two of them in “an incredibly intimate moment” on March 21 as they swam in the crystal-blue ocean. They revealed that when Swift and Kelce “weren’t making out, they were in deep conversation” — they only had eyes for each other. A second insider shared that this trip truly sealed the deal on their romance, and it was the Kansas City Chiefs tight end who poured out his heart to the pop star.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Elizabeth Hurley's Son Damian Drops Clues About Billy Ray Cyrus Romance		
	










	“Travis told Taylor he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her, and she told him she feels the same,” they alleged. “It wasn’t an official proposal, but they’re committed to each other, and they spent the weekend celebrating in paradise.” The vacation was all about “no distractions” and “just the two of them,” so they could test the romantic waters without the whole world watching — and it sounds like it was a major success. 



	They spent their days enjoying the surf, the sand, and the gym at their luxury resort, Rosalita House at Harbour Island. Most of the trip was spent “completely alone” after months of being surrounded by fans, paparazzi, and their families and friends. “Travis has been pretty open about how in awe of her he is in public, so of course he wears his heart on his sleeve in private,” the second insider added. “Travis has promised Taylor that he will never ask her to choose between him and her career.” That promise reportedly “changed everything” for Swift because her career is big, and she don’t need a man who gets “jealous or threatened by her devotion to her work.”

	Fans have seen early on how committed Swift is to shine a light on her man’s talents too. “When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care… The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone,” Swift gushed to Time last year. “And we’re just proud of each other.” With these lovebirds in the throes of their own rom-com, an engagement doesn’t feel out of the question by the end of 2024.


Before you go, click here to see celebrities who got engaged lightning-fast.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.