Dia Dipasupil / Getty Images
Valerie Bertinelli’s colorful language during an appearance on the Tuesday, April 2, episode of The View resulted in her being censored twice during the hour-long show. The One Day at a Time star showed up to talk about her new cookbook, Indulge, but the conversation took a left turn into politics.
“I just want you to know how dang important it is for everyone to vote,” Valerie, 63, told the audience. “Please, vote for your own benefit. Thank you. I get a little excited, and I just have to think about our queen Taylor Swift and calm the f–k down.”
The censors muted the last part of her statement, but viewers could see Valerie mouthing the words.
From there, Valerie switched to the topic of internet trolls and how she doesn’t tolerate the negativity.
She said, “You’re not allowed in my arena if you’re going to be an a–hole,” but censors dropped the sound once again.
Valerie also snapped at longtime View cohost Joy Behar. The Hot in Cleveland alum brought several dishes from her cookbook to share with the hosts, but she seemed confused about some of the food.
“What is this? Did I make this?” Valerie asked.
Joy, 81, replied, “Turkey? Is this turkey?” But Valerie snapped, “Joy, I don’t know. No, that’s chicken.”
Valerie has found herself in the spotlight again as she is making the rounds to promote her new cookbook, but she’s also opened up about more emotional topics, including her struggles with body image.
“In my toolbox of things on how to deal with any kind of emotion I’m going through that I do not want to feel, I take out food, sometimes I take out alcohol,” Valerie told USA Today in an article published on Tuesday, April 2. “Until I decided to truly feel my pain and walk through it and get to the other side, nothing in my life was going to change. And that’s what I did. It was a really hard but incredibly fulfilling last two years, learning that I could run with the breeze in my hair and feel true joy.”
The mom of one added, “I’m the (expletive) poster child for being food- and weight-shamed. I lose weight on Jenny Craig and I’m lovable? I was lovable before. That messed with my mind, I bought into diet culture hook, line and sinker like everybody else.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Closer Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Closer Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Closer Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: