Loose Women's Denise Welch has broken her silence after her son Matty Healy was dubbed 'unhinged' by Robbie Williams.
Denise shared a post from the Rock DJ singer on Instagram as he complained that the British music industry is "boring" and applauded the 1975 star for being different, the Mirror reports.
Addressing his 3m followers, Robbie, 50, said: "How boring is the music scene right now? I'm not attacking the music itself. I'm just lamenting the death of friction, danger, personality.
"I get it, everyone's scared. No one knows what you'll say that will get you cancelled.
"No one knows what you've already said or written that will end you. So many people to offend."
Robbie then went on to compliment Denise's son as he said: "Matt Healy is the only commercially viable Pop/Rock star that I can see who is willing to be something other than beige.
"I really like Matt - he's unhinged, super smart, super talented and willing to upset. Upsetting for a cause.
"The cause being a complicated inner life a rebellious streak and boredom."
He then suggested that Matty has personally inspired him as she joked that he needs "to get some of that [kind of] musical energy back in my life".
He cheekily added: "Like I say ''so many people to offend''. I hope I have time to fit them all in."
One fan agreed with Robbie's remarks about Matty, writing: "Couldn't agree more about Matty Healy - absolute legend! "
The controversial 1975 singer has gained a reputation for causing a scene with his upfront behaviour.
This has resulted in him being banned from entire countries and his podcast content being taken down from the internet following an extremely open discussion.
Last year, Matty caused an uproar once again during a performance in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia's capital, where he shared a kiss with a male bandmate on stage.
This was a protest against the country's laws and policies that he described made him feel "f*****g furious".
Just half an hour into his set, he was ordered to exit the stage and the music festival where he was performing was cancelled. The band consequently received a £2 million lawsuit threat.
The 34-year-old also caused concern back in 2022 when he bit into raw meat during one of his live performances.
This prompted the NHS to issue a strict warning about the potential for serious food poisoning.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
The rockstar has also been completely banned from Dubai after he locked lips with another man and waved a pride flag onstage. It's been rumoured that Matty was previously romantically involved with global superstar, Taylor Swift.
Meanwhile, proud mum Denise, 65, shared Robbie's congratulatory tweet on her own Twitter account along with a drawing previously shared by Robbie himself.
The caption of this sketch read: "Me, Matt Healy and Morrissey playing laser quest at the Trafford Centre [in Manchester]. We then go to Morrissey's [house] to write a song about it called 'We all have fun and then we die.'"
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.