Aaron Farrar, Weekend Anchor 
Published: April 4, 2024 at 10:37 AM
Updated: April 4, 2024 at 12:54 PM
Aaron Farrar, Weekend Anchor 
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. – Despite a bump in his net worth, Jaguars owner Shad Khan is down 18 spots on Forbes’ billionaires list.
He is still one of the richest people in the world, coming in at No. 162 with $12.3 billion.
Most people know Khan owns the Jags, but they might not know where his fortune came from.
Khan is the owner of car parts supplier “Flex-N-Gate,” which he bought in 1980.
As an engineer, Khan designed a one-piece bumper that was typically used for customized pickup trucks. 
He supplied those bumpers to automakers General Motors, Ford, Chrysler and Toyota. 
His success in the auto industry has resulted in Flex-N-Gate having 76 plants in eight different countries and more than 27,000 employees. 
In addition to Khan becoming owner of the Jags in 2012, he also bought London’s Fulham Football Club of the Premier League in 2013.
Check out our weekly newsletter compiled by Consumer Investigative Reporter Tiffany Salameh.
Khan also owns Lemon Bar and Seahorse Oceanfront Inn in Neptune Beach, which he bought last summer
He and his son launched “All Elite Wrestling” in 2019. It’s a pro wrestling entertainment company that competes with WWE.
Khan also owns a Four Seasons Hotel in Toronto and plans to build one here in Jacksonville near the stadium. If all goes as planned, it could open in two years.
A few other notable names joined Forbes’ billionaires list this year, including Taylor Swift, NBA Hall of Famer “Magic” Johnson and Todd Graves, founder of fast-food giant Raising Cane.
Forbes said Swift is the first musician to reach billionaire status as a direct result of songs and performances.
Copyright 2024 by WJXT News4JAX - All rights reserved.
Morning Show reporter
email
facebook
twitter
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WJXT / WCWJ
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
WJXT Public File
WJXT EEO Report
WCWJ Public File
WCWJ EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801
At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.