While we know what NFL stars look like today, it's easy to forget what they looked like in their high school days before they were famous.
Spencer See
It's safe to say that NFL stars are some of the most popular athletes in the world. Because of their popularity, it's often so easy to overlook that they were once regular people who also went to the same schools as we did.
But while people often remember NFL stars for their appearance in the league, it's worth taking the time to look back on how these players looked like before they became the stars we know today. Let's take a look at what these 10 NFL stars looked like in high school.
Former Whitehouse High School QB Patrick Mahomes is headed to the Super Bowl pic.twitter.com/HK10Q7gKh1
— Texas HS Football (@texashsfootball) January 19, 2020
Patrick Mahomes is arguably the best quarterback in the NFL today, having led the Kansas City Chiefs to a trio of Super Bowl wins, all of which also saw him become Super Bowl MVP, making him the biggest of today's NFL stars.
Although he currently boasts his iconic mohawk fade, back in high school, Mahomes sported a shorter haircut. Around this time, Mahomes was still a multisport athlete, representing Whitehouse in baseball and football.
Yes, Travis Kelce was a stud high school quarterback. 🫡👀 I see you @tkelce pic.twitter.com/Rp4t6ZNdDB
— Soulofarrowhead (@Soulofarrowhead) October 22, 2023
Travis Kelce rose to fame as an NFL star with the Chiefs, but his name has been abuzz for Taylor Swift fans as of late. While Kelce is often spotted sporting a beard, the three-time Super Bowl champion barely had any facial hair during his days at Cleveland Heights.
While he played baseball, basketball, and football, Kelce shined the brightest as a quarterback for the Tigers. In fact, he was a three-year letter winner.
From Houston High School to the @NFL. Congrats to Chris Jones. #NFLDraft2016 #MsPreps pic.twitter.com/eywRIdHg0f
— Mississippi Preps (@ms_athletics) April 30, 2016
Another Chiefs star, Chris Jones has been a reliable defensive tackle that helped the team clinch three Super Bowl wins. He will be expected to do that once again at Super Bowl LVIII. But early as his time in high school, a lot of people would agree that Jones was built for the bright lights. Besides, Jones' look seems like he hardly aged.
@DechaunCHoliday bout to win it! pic.twitter.com/YaA3xExZbo
— Fred Warner (@fred_warner) December 17, 2014
Fred Warner did all he could in Super Bowl LVIII when his San Francisco 49ers took on the Chiefs with 24 tackles, but it wasn't enough.
Although he currently sports dreadlocks and a beard, Warner looked entirely different during his high school days at Mission Hills. In fact, he used to sport a fauxhawk with barely a strand of facial hair. Nevertheless, by then, he was already making waves as a linebacker.
Happy Commitversary to Trent Williams. 18 years ago today, committed to OU. 
A 3 ⭐️ out of Longview, Williams was rated as the No. 63 player in Texas by Rivals.
He held offers from OU, LSU, Oklahoma State, Texas A&M and others. 
After a fantastic career at OU, Williams was the… pic.twitter.com/5iufH6RELf
— The REF (@KREFsports) December 11, 2023
Back in his high school days, still without any signs of a beard, Trent Williams was considered to be a three-star recruit. He worked hard enough to make an impact for Oklahoma before becoming a first-round pick in the NFL Draft. Fast-forward to today, Williams was a Pro Bowl tackle for the 49ers in their run to Super Bowl LVIII.
Perry High School in Queens Creek, Arizona is throwing their support behind their alum, @49ers' Brock Purdy, ahead of Super Bowl LVIII. Here's what school staff had to say about the star quarterback. https://t.co/CvbYbjSx4a pic.twitter.com/imTbOJHMaK
— ABC7 News (@abc7newsbayarea) February 7, 2024
By looking at the photos, it seems like Brock Purdy hardly aged and decided to keep his look from high school. Nevertheless, Purdy certainly turned his NFL career around, especially after being “Mr. Irrelevant” as the final pick in the NFL Draft. In his second season in the NFL, Purdy led the 49ers to Super Bowl LVIII as their starting quarterback.
Odell Beckham Jr. used to be a bucket in high school 🔥
(via: @obj Instagram) pic.twitter.com/hzXBG3OADw
— Complex Sports (@ComplexSports) October 12, 2022
This year was significant for Odell Beckham Jr. in many ways. He made his return to the NFL with the Baltimore Ravens and helped them make the NFC Championship Game. Furthermore, he was romantically linked with Kim Kardashian until recently.
But before he became an NFL star, OBJ sported a short haircut with a neat look. Moreover, the Isidore Newman standout was also engaged with basketball, soccer, and track & field. But the most noticeable difference was OBJ's lack of tattoos.
Lamar Jackson and mom high school interview.  Is it Lamar and the Ravens year? pic.twitter.com/MwsvbE5JgM
— Footballville (@Footballville) January 20, 2024
Ever since his high school days, everyone knew Lamar Jackson was going to be an NFL star. Just take a look at this clip. Although the Ravens suffered a disappointing exit to miss the Super Bowl, Jackson still won his second NFL MVP Award. However, he certainly looks different now that he sports his braids, compared to his clean-cut look at Boynton Beach Community.
Kentfield (Calif.) Marin Catholic quarterback and Cal commit Jared Goff @jaredgoff16 … pic.twitter.com/BNpwhKIT
— Brandon Huffman (@BrandonHuffman) October 6, 2012
Although the Detroit Lions fell short of reaching their first Super Bowl, Jared Goff can take solace in signing a lucrative contract extension with the team.
While he has certainly earned it, it's worth noting that Goff has been a reliable quarterback if not an NFL star ever since his high school days with Marin Catholic, where he used to sport a longer haircut. Nowadays, Goff boasts a neater look and continues to plays like a top-10 NFL quarterback.
Imagine all the high school defensive coordinators from Chico, California when they saw Aaron Rodgers look at them like this. pic.twitter.com/SttQ9Ui1Tj
— Cole 🧀 (@RodgersXLVChamp) January 20, 2022
The New York Jets had another disastrous season, one that started with the injury to their biggest acquisition in Aaron Rodgers. The Super Bowl champion and four-time NFL MVP injured his Achilles tendon depriving Jets fans of one of today's biggest NFL stars.
However, ever since his high school days, every football fan knew that Rodgers has all the tools to combat adversity. In fact, he was snubbed during the college recruiting process and started his NFL career off the bench despite a stellar amateur career. But even if the odds were against Rodgers, he has still managed to carve out a decorated NFL career.
Spencer See is a part-time writer at ClutchPoints focusing on the NBA, evergreen content and celebrity lifestyle. He is also a lifelong fan of LeBron James. In his free time, he either goes fishing or watches basketball. 
🚨 Get viral NFL graphics, memes, rumors and trending news
    delivered right to your inbox with the Clutch Newsletter.