Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Sorry, the old Taylor Swift can’t come to the phone right now. Why? Because she changed her number. 
On this morning’s episode of The Drew Barrymore Show, actress Jessica Capshaw revealed why she fell out of touch with the Grammy Award-winning pop star, who is famously a Grey’s Anatomy super fan. Need proof? She named her cat Meredith Grey, for God’s sake!
Capshaw, who plays Arizona Robbins in the long-running medical drama, recalled catching Swift’s attention many moons ago.
“Here’s how it happened,” she told host Drew Barrymore. “I was in a crowded room. I see her across the room and I’m sort of fangirling … And she looked at me. And I look at her. And I think, ‘Who’s she looking at?’ She was looking at me.”
Capshaw continued, “She comes over and she says to me, ‘You are one of my favorite protagonists on television.’ And I thought, ‘A: oh my god. And B: I’m a protagonist?'”
After making that first connection, the star said they ran into each other “three or four years later” at a restaurant, where they proceeded to hang out for over an hour. 
“I invited her to come sit with us. And she did. And then we sat and talked for like an hour and a half. It probably was 45 minutes. It was an hour and a half!” she joked. “She was so lovely, we had so much fun and we were all just talking, chit-chatting.”
But wait! It gets better.
“We exchanged numbers,” she said. “Then ‘1989’ came out and my babies were singing ‘Shake it Off’ in the bathtub and I would send her videos and she would respond. And then we went to the ‘1989’ tour and then I think she changed her number.”
Capshaw wasn’t the only one in the room who was once pals with Swift. Barrymore previously revealed that she was too nervous to approach the singer at the Grammys — even though they did CoverGirl campaigns together back in the day.
“I used to be a CoverGirl with her. I used to text with her. I know this person and yet she’s become so big and such a phenomenon that I didn’t say hello,” Barrymore said. “I got too scared.”
The Drew Barrymore Show airs on weekdays on CBS. You can check the website for local airtimes.

This story has been shared 3,884 times.
3,884


This story has been shared 2,056 times.
2,056


This story has been shared 1,256 times.
1,256


This story has been shared 671 times.
671


This story has been shared 625 times.
625


This story has been shared 563 times.
563


This story has been shared 526 times.
526


This story has been shared 471 times.
471


This story has been shared 465 times.
465


This story has been shared 422 times.
422


This story has been shared 366 times.
366


This story has been shared 291 times.
291


This story has been shared 222 times.
222


This story has been shared 210 times.
210


This story has been shared 205 times.
205