High inflation and consequential rises in interest rates had major impacts on investment markets throughout 2023, including slowed hotel transaction activity in Europe. Reaching €10.7 billion overall [1] , total volume was 19% lower than in 2022, which represented the second lowest level of investment in the last decade. There were 6% fewer transactions than in 2022, indicating that the average price per room was also down in 2023.
Single asset transaction activity declined in 2023, as a significant number of investors awaited either a decrease in interest rates or a reduction in pricing (despite increasing top-line hotel performance) to better reflect their perception of values given the higher cost of funding.
Certain major European cities attracted larger investments than they did in 2022, and noticeably contributed to their respective country’s 2023 growth.
Presented below is a selection of single asset transactions that occurred over the course of 2023.
To request an expanded list of transactions, contact [email protected].
Portfolio transaction volume declined in 2023 (-24% vs 2022). Spain was 2023’s most active transaction market for portfolios, with some of Europe’s largest deals taking place on the Iberian Peninsula, most notably ADIA’s two portfolio acquisitions, totalling 24 hotels, and Starwood Capital selling an 80% stake in three Meliá hotels.
Overall, both average prices per hotel, and per room, decreased from the previous year’s levels. 2023 portfolios saw more rooms on average per deal, but fewer hotels per portfolio than in 2022.
The UK once again saw high levels of portfolio transaction activity (second overall), including two Hoxton London hotels acquired by Archer Hotel Capital, Blantyre’s acquisition of Scottish Crerar Hotel Group and the Warner Leisure portfolio of two country club hotels.
Presented below is the list of portfolio transactions that have occurred over the course of 2023.
Like the second half of 2022, 2023 was a year in which headlines were dominated by high inflation and high interest rates, which resulted in not only higher financing costs for acquisitions but also a rise in operating costs for hotels. In many hotels across the European continent, the latter was cushioned by strong top-line performances, but higher borrowing costs led to a softening of yields and a slow-down in transactional activity (bid-to-ask gap and scarcity of affordable debt) across all asset classes, including hotels.
Total European hotel investment volume for the year finished 19% below 2022 and 60% below 2019, with average deal sizes in Europe further declining, extending a trend that began mid-pandemic in 2021, driven mainly by a large drop in portfolio deals.
Despite this slowdown, transaction activity is still well above the six years that were impacted by the Global Financial Crisis (2008 to 2013), as well as 2020, and economic conditions are generally improving. The worst of this current cycle seems to be behind us, with inflation having fallen dramatically during the past 12 months and expected to be -3% in both the EU and the UK in 2024. Recessions in major economies have not been the trend but rather a rare exception, and interest rates seem to have peaked towards the end of 2023.
At the same time, the strong room rate growth experienced in many markets has reminded investors that hotels, although often having more immediately impacted returns than some other property investment classes, are also better insulated in high inflation periods due to their ability to re-price and grow room revenue.
Hotel transactions saw €1.5 billion worth of trophy assets, €2.0 billion worth in Iberian resorts (around 50 assets) and €1.5 billion in significant portfolios being traded, with a number acquired by first-time buyers within the High-Net-Worth Individuals and Family Offices investor types. Middle Eastern investors had significantly increased activity compared to 2022, up by 477% in total volume.
Spain and France drove a large proportion of activity, accounting for 44% of total investment volume, emphasising the focus on southern European leisure markets and dethroning the UK for 2023. The investment landscape also witnessed reduced core asset activity compared to previous years (2021 and 2022), with investor interest primarily focused on value-add assets in 2023. There were also far fewer distressed sales than many initially anticipated for the year.
Overall, many investors continued to hold a ‘wait and see’ position. Looking ahead, however, there is plenty that seems promising for the hotel investment market in Europe.
Central to the discussion of 2024’s investment outlook is the availability of, and cost of, financing, as well as the likelihood or otherwise of refinancing distress. As a greater volume of debt facilities become due for refinancing in the year ahead, there may well be more distressed sales, albeit far fewer than during the Global Financial Crisis, and perhaps, like during the pandemic years, a lot fewer than many anticipate. This time around, banks are better able to assess risk, as post-COVID trading continues to stabilise. Interest rates also look to have peaked and there is more visibility in lending terms. Increasing competition between local lenders and a widening of the pool of pan-European lenders – along with a willingness to lend on hotel assets relative to other real estate asset classes – should see the availability of hotel financing continue to improve.
This financing environment will be the key driver for increased investment activity. With economic headwinds trending more positively and inflation falling significantly, interest rates are expected to trend down again. There is still a ‘wait and see’ attitude by many investors, hopeful that this strategy will come to fruition when rates do start to fall in the second half of this year, or significant refinancing distress presents investment opportunities.
Europe has some major sporting events to look forward to in 2024, including the Olympic Games in Paris and the 2024 UEFA European Football Championship in Germany, as well as Taylor Swift’s 2024 Eras Tour across Europe, which are all set to deliver very strong top-line results during and around these events.
Investment trends that are becoming more prevalent include increased investor requirements for sustainably-certified energy efficient buildings, as well as for green financing. In addition, the rise in brand offerings and differentiation by various hotel groups will continue to lead to increased conversion acquisitions and disposals.
As 2024 progresses, a huge weight of capital remains ready to be deployed, especially in urban markets, with cities like London expected to pick up pace in the coming year. Q1 investment activity in 2024 has started strongly compared to the same period in 2023, with some notable transactions taking place, including the Mandarin Oriental Paris, in France, and the 10-asset Radisson Blu Edwardian portfolio and the 66-asset Travelodge portfolio, both in the UK.
[1] Only transactions above €7.5 million are considered in this analysis.
Hospitality Net membership explained