Heading to the Eras tour? Here's what you need to know 
If you're planning to shake it off at Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour later this summer, Ticketmaster have just updated their ticket rules. Here's what you need to know.
After months of watching The Eras Tour unfold on TikTok (and, y'know, via her stadium concert tour that we can't stop watching), it's FINALLY coming to the UK. The European leg of TayTay's tour will kick off on 9th May 2024 in Paris and wrap up on 20th August 2024 in London, and Ticketmaster just announced a change to the way they're organising the event.
Previously, their terms and conditions stated that the 'lead booker' must be present at the event, meaning the cardholder who paid for the tickets had to attend in person. Obviously, this was a concern for anyone who had been bought the tickets as gifts, or younger fans whose parents had purchased the tickets on their behalf.
Fans were left confused over whether the 'lead booker' had to be present at the actual gig, or attend at the gates where people were showing their tickets.
Thankfully, though, in an email shared this week [4th April], Ticketmaster updated their T&Cs, sharing a new policy. In an email to ticket holders, they wrote: "The 'lead booker' policy has been removed, meaning that the person whose name is on the Ticketmaster account used to purchase tickets is no longer required to attend the event.
"All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. We hope you enjoy the show!"
While this is great news for many fans, others joked it was stressful receiving an email from Ticketmaster with 'The Eras Tour' in the subject line. Don't panic us like that!
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.