Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Hollywood legend Arnold Schwarzenegger may have just let it slip that the NFL's Kelce brothers are eyeing a move into the film industry.
The Terminator star and former California governor appeared on Jason and Travis Kelce's New Heights podcast on Wednesday when he poked fun at them for being in Los Angeles.
Schwarzenegger questioned what the brothers have planned for the future, especially Jason who just retired from a long career with the Philadelphia Eagles. He was sure Travis would go on to win more Super Bowls with the Kansas City Chiefs after winning this year's championship, and adding three big wins to his name.
But it was their visit to Hollywood that raised the Austrian-born actor's eyebrows.
"You know [Jason], this is maybe off the record, but no one is going to blabber out there...he's probably here doing some interviews for movie parts," Schwarzenegger suggested during their interview.
"A lot of times you guys do the show where you are in another place, and you are in another place, and it's a split-screen thing which really works well...but now you're together because you're in Hollywood. I'm not stupid, there is a reason why those guys are out here together in Hollywood."
He added: "There's all kinds of interviews being scheduled, I know, for movie parts. You guys have it lined up; you just don't want to give it away right now. I know how it works."
The Kelces remained tight-lipped and quickly changed the topic.
It may not be a surprise to some fans, though, that the brothers would be considering a move to TV and movies. Travis has already appeared on Saturday Night Live twice, once as a host in March 2023 and again in October 2023 in a sketch poking fun at his relationship with Taylor Swift.
Jason has also tried his hand at acting, appearing as himself in an episode of the Emmy-winning comedy, Abbott Elementary.
The chat with Schwarzenegger also comes after Jason's wife, Kylie Kelce, hinted that "nothing was off the table" regarding her husband's life post-retirement.
"I think nothing is off the table at this point," Kylie said on the Today show on April 1. "He's my husband, so I'm biased, but I think he's so good at everything he tries, it's kind of a pain in the butt. I think that nothing is off the table, he's an ideas guy, so he's letting them brew and seeing what happens."
Travis has also spoken about wanting to try his hand at entertainment and whether he was still thinking about focusing on comedy.
"It still is, and I'm out here in L.A. trying to get more comfortable in the entertainment world before we start back up with this football thing, knowing that that's my main focus in my life, and it'll always be that until I'm done playing,' he told The Hollywood Reporterthis week.
"But I'm definitely still dabbling in the scripted world, the entertainment world and we'll see where that road takes me. I'm extremely excited, but at the same time, I know I'm a bit of an amateur in that world, so I definitely got to get comfortable and, I don't know, put my own creativity on it."
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC