IMPARTIAL NEWS + INTELLIGENT DEBATE

					Instead of worrying about whether you will be able to retire, why not just become a billionaire instead? Here is a step-by-step guide to help you on your way					                
It’s 2024 and the billionaires are doing better than ever. Good for them. Forbes has released its annual rich list and it’s a jolly read. 2,781 people in the world made the rundown this year — a rise from last year’s measly 2,640. 
Their total combined wealth comes to $14.2tn, which is more than the GDP of the UK (£3.tn), and every other country in the world except for China ($17tn) and the US ($27tn). You might be relieved to hear the combined wealth of these 2,781 people, including Elon Musk and Taylor Swift, has risen by $2 trillion. 
There are now even a record number of people worldwide who are members of the ‘$100 Billion Club’. As poverty rates soar by 47 per cent globally, it’s reassuring to know that those 14 people are all 255 per cent richer than they were a decade ago.
Don’t spend hours worrying about whether you will be able to retire – why not become a billionaire instead? The i has created a handy step-by-step guide to help you on your way. 
If you want to skip the impact of extortionate energy bills and mortgage repayments, look to French luxury commerce and Bernard Arnault; the King of the Billionaires. He has topped the rich list for the second year running with a recorded wealth of $233 billion. That’s $22 billion more than last year. This means that in a year, he has earned more than what most of the Forbes billionaires have earned in their lifetimes. 
At 75, Arnault is the head of the LVMH conglomerate, which owns 75 high-end brands, including Louis Vuitton, Moët, Hennessy, Sephora and Tiffany & Co. For the business-minded, buying up these luxury brands could be a good first step. 
If all the designer labels have been bought up by Arnault, all is not lost. Being a man is very helpful. They make up the entirety of the list’s top 20. 
There are 369 women in the entire rich list, which equates to 13.3 per cent. The richest woman in the world, worth $71bn, is Alice Walton; the only daughter of Walmart founder Sam Walton. Unlike her two brothers Rob and Jim, she decided not to work for Walmart and instead focused on a life of art; opening up the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Arkansas. That sounds nice. 
The top ten list is a diverse bunch. There’s Jeff, Mark, Bill, Steve, Elon, Warren, Larry, Bernard, Mukesh, and then Larry again. Larry Ellison, the founder of Oracle is worth $141 billion, and Larry Page, the co-founder of Google is worth $114 billion. This means that if you happen to be called Larry, you are statistically in with a better shot at making this rich list. 
Mukesh Ambani, worth $116 billion, is the only non-white person on the top ten list. An oil tycoon from India, Ambani owns Reliance Industries, which also has stakes in petrochemicals, gas, telecom, retail and financial services. He is the richest person in Asia and the ninth richest in the world. 
Perhaps unsurprisingly, if you want to be rich, you are better off being old: 66 to be precise, which is the average age of the world’s billionaires. The oldest person on the list: 102-year-old George Joseph, an American insurance tycoon worth ($1.7 billion). 
For the first time in 15 years, the list has no self-made billionaires under the age of 30. All those under 30 have inherited their wealth, such as 19-year-old Livia Voigt from Brazil. Voigot is the youngest person on the list and is worth an estimated $1.1 billion thanks to her stake in WEG, an electronics company co-founded by her late grandfather. 
A large portion of the Forbes rich list is from the US, so if you were born with American citizenship, you are already in with a better shot. Out of the world’s 2781 billionaires, 756 are American, including eight of the top ten. 
Elon Musk, the SpaceX founder, is the world’s second richest person. Coming in third is Jeff Bezos, the Amazon founder. Then there’s Mark Zuckerberg. The Facebook founder ranked 16th last year, so it’s been a great year for Meta. He has upped his wealth thanks to Meta’s “year of efficiency”, which included firing lots of his staff. Good for him. 
There are four athletes on the list. But if you’re hoping to make billions from sport, you will first have to be a man from the US. There’s basketball star Magic Johnson, with $1.2bn. He is one of the new faces on the list this year. After he retired from basketball in the 1990s, he started investing in businesses across the US and set up a joint venture with Sony. Then there’s Tiger Woods ($1.1bn), LeBron James ($1bn) and Michael Jordan ($3.2bn)
Aspiring musician? At 34, Taylor Swift has joined the billionaire ranks for the first time this year, now worth $1.1bn. But a word of warning: It’s rare to become a billionaire off music alone. According to Forbes, Swift is the first musician to ever do so. The biggest boost came from her recent album tour, which earned her $190 million in post-tax earnings.
The other billionaire pop star is Rihanna. She made billions from her two huge companies, makeup brand Fenty Beauty, a joint venture with Bernard Arnault’s LVMH, and her underwear brand Savage X Fenty. Do consider a side hustle. 
And what about the things you shouldn’t do? Don’t invest in hot sauce. David Tran, the owner of sriracha, has dropped off the list thanks to failing crops and supply chain problems last year. It meant that the sriracha was out of stock at many shops and caused a dip in Tran’s earnings. 
Most importantly for aspiring billionaires, don’t be accused of inflating your company’s metrics by a major newspaper. Bolt’s Ryan Breslow, 30, was an aspiring tech mogul. As a computer science student at Stanford, he set up Bolt’s online checkout platform in his dorm room. He is under investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, and now the value of his company has plummeted, knocking him off the billionaire list.On that note, have you considered setting up a tech company? There are 342 on the list. Just a thought.
Impartial news + intelligent debate
All rights reserved. © 2025 Associated Newspapers Limited.