From a magic show that will give you the giggles to a DJ set inspired by one of the world's biggest artists, there's lots to get up to in Worcester this week.


  First up is a treat for lovers of comedy and magic on Saturday (April 6), when Jerry Sadowitz brings his unique act to Huntingdon Hall.


  Known for pushing the boundaries, Sadowitz's performances are described as an "absolute dumpster fire of decorum" and "hysterically funny" by The Guardian.


  This event is restricted to over 18s and contains strong language and adult themes.


  Meanwhile, back by popular demand, Dreamcoat Stars will hit the stage at Swan Theatre for their third UK tour.


  Performing on Saturday at 6.30pm, relive the biggest musical hits of a generation from West End and Broadway classics, performed by the cast of Any Dream Will Do and Joseph.


  Performing tunes from the likes of Les Misérables and We Will Rock You, the cast invites you to "relive all your favourite productions in one epic evening".


  On Saturday (April 6) at St Swithun's Church, from 7pm to 10pm, acoustic folk fans can enjoy the folk, indie and acoustic sounds of The Ocelots.


  Twin brothers Brandon and Ashley from Wexford create a harmony-rich sound packed with authentic lyrics.


  They started their career busking around Ireland and have since played across Europe.


  To cap the week off, DJ Ed Steelefox will host 'The Taylor Swift Mixtape' on Sunday, April 7, from 3.30pm to 7pm.


  The early evening party promises a three hour mix of Swift's greatest hits at The Marrs Bar.


  For Swifties or just those who love dancing, the event welcomes ages 11 and upwards (under-16s must be accompanied by an adult), and even has a licensed bar.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.