Now 
54
 Sun 
58
 Mon 
58
by JACKSON WALKER | The National Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TND) — Former First Lady Michelle Obama applauded singer Beyoncé's latest album as a "reminder" of the "power" of voting Tuesday.
"Cowboy Carter," releasedlast week, is a departure from the singer’s usual pop and R&B wheelhouse, exploring songs in the country and folk spaces. The album features several major collaborators, including Post Malone, Miley Cyrus, Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson.
On Instagram, Obama pointed to the album as a reminder to vote in November.
"The issues that impact us most are on the ballot across the country — from equal pay and racial justice to reproductive healthcare and climate change," Obama continued. "And as Queen Bey says at the end of Ya Ya, we need to 'keep the faith' and 'VOTE!'"
A slew of other major Democrats have also joined in on the praise ofBeyoncé. Taxing to X, Vice President Kamala Harris lauded the album as having “reclaimed” country music for Black Americans.
“Beyoncé: Thank you for reminding us to never feel confined to other people's perspective of what our lane is,” Harris wrote. “You have redefined a genre and reclaimed country music’s Black roots. Your music continues to inspire us all.”
READ MORE |Michelle Obama has no plans to run for president in 2024, reports say
Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer in a video kicked her feet up on a table while listening to the album to reveal she is wearing cowboy boots.
Wisconsin Gov. Tony Evers admitted “Yes, my staff has briefed me on #CowboyCarter” in the caption of a photo of himself in a cowboy hat. Reps. Colin Allred, D-Texas, and Sheila Jackson, D-Texas, each congratulated Beyoncé on the album’s release.
READ MORE |18% of voters more likely to back Taylor Swift-endorsed presidential candidate, poll shows
Rep. Robert Garcia, D-Calif., also appeared to thoroughly enjoy the album.
“I just finished the full album and I’m shook,” he wrote. “A true masterpiece. Starting my second experience now. I mean Blackbird, Bodyguard, Spagehettii, Ya Ya, and HELLO HOW ABOUT Levii’s Jeans I’m obsessed!”
Follow Jackson Walker on X at @_jlwalker_ for the latest trending national news. Have a news tip? Send it to jacwalker@sbgtv.com.