Colt Ford seemed perfectly healthy when he was performing his latest set - until minutes later he had a heart attack.
The country singer had just finished performing at Whiskey Row - owned by fellow country star Dierks Bentley - in Gilbert, Arizona when he suffered a heart attack and the police and the fire department were called. Reportedly police were told someone passed out behind the bar, who's presumed to be Colt.
He's reportedly been moved to the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, Arizona recovering. The 53-year-old is stable but still in critical condition.
Click here to follow the Mirror US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest news, sport and entertainment stories.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift keeps low profile at friend's birthday party at dive bar without Travis Kelce
Footage obtained by TMZ showed the singer performing his 17th and final song of the night. Eyewitnesses claim that during the two and a half hour set the singer was in good spirits.
In the video, Colt sang Cricket On A Line while swaying along to the music as he entertained the audience. He appeared to belt out the lyrics without issue as he lifted the mic stand above his head.
He finished his set and took a bow with his band members before leaving the stage. Later he suffered a heart attack before being taken to the ICU at Banner Desert Medical Center in Mesa, Arizona.
Colt is known for his country-rap style of music. He rose to fame in 2019 when he had five consecutive top 10 debuts on the Billboard Top Country Albums list.
He's set to perform Saturday at the Wake The Lake Country Festival in Lake Havasu City, Arizona. But it's unclear if his performance is cancelled after his medical scare.
Colt is then slated to play at The Groove Music Hall in Woodford, Virginia on April 18th and then various other shows throughout the year until August of this year including various country music festivals and county fairs.
He was born and raised in Athens, Georgia, and was a professional golfer who played the Nationwide Tour. He later turned to music and released his debut album Ride Through The Country in December 2008. He also cofounded the record label Average Joes Entertainment.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.