Tom Holland has made next month’s West End run of Romeo & Juliet the hottest ticket in town – and now Broadway wants in on the action.
We can reveal that the Spider-Man star will be heading across the pond when his 12-week run at the Duke of York’s Theatre in London comes to an end in August. That means those who missed out on tickets for the sold-out Jamie Lloyd revival will get another chance to see the Hollywood star in action on stage – if they’re willing to travel the distance. Tom fans have described the ticket frenzy as on a par with Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour meltdown, after seats sold out in under two hours.
A source says of the New York transfer: “Romeo & Juliet will head to Broadway after its London run, with details to be announced in due course. While director Jamie Lloyd has made a name for his minimalist adaptations of classic texts, the headline grabber for what is essentially yet another production of Romeo & Juliet is undoubtedly its leading man. Fans can’t wait to watch the Marvel hero test out his acting chops up close and personal, and with tickets costing around £200, it’s an incredibly lucrative earner.”
It’s not the first time Tom, who is dating Hollywood megastar Zendaya, has trodden the West End’s boards. His first professional role came in Billy Elliot when he played the would-be ballet dancer’s pal Michael Caffrey when he was just 12 – but within months, he was moved into the title role.
Francesca Amewudah-Rivers, whose only on-screen role has been TV’s Bad Education, will star opposite Tom in Romeo & Juliet. This week, the Jamie Lloyd Company criticised the “barrage of deplorable racial abuse” the Black actress had received since she was named as the leading lady. But you can expect her star to rise after this…
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.