By JANE HERZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:25, 6 April 2024   |  Updated:  17:28, 6 April 2024   
 5
View  comments
If you've been dying to buy a certain designer handbag or pair of shoes but just can't seem to swing it price-wise, there's good news - all hope is not lost.
FEMAIL has uncovered the best designer dupes for brands like Bottega Veneta, Chanel and even Hermès, some of which you can even find on Amazon. 
As influencers show off their designer bags on Instagram, it may seem like you have to rush out and drain your bank account to buy them, but that's not the case. 
You can get the exact same look as these influencers and celebs without having to break the bank - or even make a dent in the first place. 
FEMAIL has uncovered the best designer dupes for brands like Bottega Veneta, Chanel and even Hermès, some of which you can even find on Amazon - like this dupe for the Andiamo bag
In recent months, the Andiamo tote bag by cult-favorite designer Bottega Veneta has risen to viral fame after it was carried by the likes of Kylie Jenner, Hailey Bieber and Michelle Yeoh.
Travis Kelce was even rumored to have gifted the medium-sized tote to girlfriend Taylor Swift for Valentine's Day this year.
But if you can't bear to spend the $4,200 - which is the starting price for the smallest version of the bag - there's a near-identical option waiting for you on Amazon for $89.99.
The dupe comes in all different colors, like a dark, dove gray, dark coffee, and a light pink-hued beige.
This Amazon find was first popularized on TikTok, and has earned a fair share of positive reviews.
'I'm actually so impressed with this bag,' lifestyle content creator Kristen Hollingshaus said in a recent video.
'First of all, it feels amazing, it feels incredible, actually, it's so cute, you can wear it multiple different ways,' she said, adding that the gold hardware on the bag doesn't look fake or 'cheap' at all.
While the Andiamo bag from Bottega Veneta has risen to fame over the past few months, there's a near-identical dupe available on Amazon for just $89.99
Lifestyle content creator Kristen Hollingshaus gave a run-down of the Amazon dupe in a recent TikTok video 
If you are loving Lululemon's workout gear but don't love the price, you can actually pick up some similar-looking items at your local Target.
Controversial influencer Olivia Stallings recently took to TikTok to share a tank top from the retail giant that she claims looked super similar to the $68 Ebb To Street tank top from Lululemon.
The one from Target that she showed was just $20.
'These are my favorite tank tops to buy from Target, I think I have like six at this point,' Stallings admitted as she showed viewers the neon green tank she recently picked up.
'These are the All In Motion Ribbed Seamless Tank, and I think they're really comparable to the Lululemon Ebb To Street Tank, but they're not see-through,' she continued, adding that it has a built-in bra.
The influencer also showed off a pair of $24 athletic shorts from Target's JoyLab brand that came in all different colors.
The ones she showed were a bright coral color.
An influencer recently claimed that Target's $20 workout tank (left) was a dupe for the Lululemon Ebb To Flow Tank (right)
Controversial influencer Olivia Stallings recently shared what she loved about the All In Motion Ribbed Seamless Tank from Target
While it may be notoriously difficult to get your hands on a mini Kelly bag from luxury brand Hermès, you can get the look for $171 from UK accessory company Lily & Bean.
Typically, an Hermès mini Kelly bag can cost upwards of $8,000, and are also nearly impossible to score, as you need to not only have the money, but have a sales associate that you've been loyal to before you can even be offered the handbag. 
And, although the stars love their Hermès bags, they also seem to love their Lily & Bean, which can be personalized with your own monogram. 
Typically, an Hermès mini Kelly bag can cost upwards of $8,000, and are also nearly impossible to score - but Lily & Bean has a $171 lookalike available on their website
A TikTok creator under the username @SimpleMe put the handbag to the test when she compared it alongside her authentic Hermès mini Kelly bag
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards has been spotted wearing the brand multiple times, along with her older sister, Kathy Hilton and former costar Lisa Rinna.
The Lily & Bean Hettie Mini Bag, which looks quite similar to a mini Kelly, comes in a variety of colors, such as dark pink, orange, royal blue and red - and even a crocodile skin edition.
Last year, a TikTok creator under the username @SimpleMe put the handbag to the test when she compared it alongside her authentic Hermès mini Kelly bag.
She noted that the Lily & Bean bag was  bit wider than the Hermès, and that there was also a difference in the size of their handles and strap. 
'If you like the vibe of the mini Kelly, this bag is such a good option, and you have the choice of a few different straps,' the creator promised. 
If you want to rock the same Givenchy leather Shark Lock Boots that have been sported all over Hollywood by Kylie Jenner and Addison Rae, look no further.
At Macy's, you an find a lookalike of the viral boots by brand I.N.C., and they're on sale right now for just $58.
Content creator Jessica Nicole showed off the pair she bought this winter, which she picked out in a cream color.
'These are so cute, I'm in love with them,' she said, adding that they run true to size and are 'so comfy.'
Nicole even modeled what they look like on in the clip.  
But if you're not obsessed with the stiletto-style heel on the Macy's pair, EGO Shoes sells a similar pair with a platform for $79. 
While the Givenchy Shark Lock Boots (left) cost $2,400, a content creator has found quite a similar pair currently available for $58 at Macy's (right)
'These are so cute, I'm in love with them,' she said about the boots sold at Macy's, adding that they run true to size and are 'so comfy'
Last year, when the Chanel 22 bag debuted at the brand's Spring/Summer 2022 runway show, fans of the designer went wild for it.
Suddenly, the shiny calfskin leather tote - a fun twist on their classic shape - was showing up all over Instagram and TikTok, popular with influencers and celebs alike.
The handbag was rocked by actresses Lily Rose-Depp and Margaret Qualley, as well as Jennie from BLACKPINK in a March 2023 campaign.
However, the trendy bag comes with an unfortunate $5,800 price tag, but there's a way to get the look for less.
While the Chanel 22 bag retails for $5,800, Charles & Keith makes a great lookalike for only $96
In a TikTok video posted in November, content creator Shalynn Day shared a $96 lookalike from brand Charles & Keith.
'I had to hop on here and talk about this Charles & Keith bag because it is just too good,' Day said, as she showed different ways to wear the purse. 
'If you guys aren't familiar with the Chanel hobo bag, this is actually an amazing dupe for that bag.'
The bag, which also features a shiny leather and gold chain detailing, looks extremely similar to the Chanel 22.
Over the past few years, Lululemon's $38 Everywhere Belt Bag has gone viral all over the internet, making it the hottest accessory to take along while running errands or walking the dog.
But if you're not completely sold on the bag, you can get a dupe on Amazon for just $12.
Khennedy Wooster, who is an expert in Amazon fashion finds, gave a rundown of how the dupe compares to the real one from Lululemon in a TikTok last April.
She laid both of them out to show viewers.  
Wooster noted that the Amazon bag had the 'same mesh pockets,' the same zipper, 'same back pocket' and the 'same hardware.'  
The bag comes in similar colors as the Lululemon one, too - like pink, gray and brown. 
Over the past few years, Lululemon's belt bag has gone viral for $38 (left), but there's an even less expensive dupe on Amazon for $12 (right)
If you don't want to turn to Amazon in search of a Bottega Veneta dupe, there's another option available at Anthropologie.
The womenswear brand sells multiple sizes of what the call their Brigitte Satchel, which is a great dupe for Bottega's woven Jodie bags.
While the small size of the Jodie bag is retailing for $4,100, the Brigitte Satchel will only set you back $128.
And, much like the real Bottega, Anthropologie's version comes in colors like orange, mint green and yellow.
This past Fall, popular TikTok star Lex Nicoleta, who is known online as the Coastal Grandmother, put the bag to the test as she went to go pick one out at her local Anthropologie store.
She showed viewers the selection that her store had, and ultimately ended up going with the brick red color.
'I love her so much,' Nicoleta gushed in the clip.
While the small size of the Jodie bag is retailing for $4,100 (right), the Brigitte Satchel will only set you back $128 (left)
Influencer Lex Nicoleta stopped by her local Anthropologie store last fall to check out the bags, ultimately deciding to buy one in a brick red color
While celebs like Hailey Bieber and Kourtney Kardashian have worn the famous zip-front leather ankle boots from The Row for years now, they've stayed in style.
The Row sells the signature stompers for $1,490, but there are plenty of dupes on the market that will get you the look for less.
A similar style to the suede pair they make is available on ASOS on sale for just $45.00.
Creator Becca Sisto made a video about the cute dupes in a video on TikTok this past Fall, raving that they were 'so good.'
But if the suede isn't up your alley, Steve Madden makes a dupe of the boot in a soft-looking leather for $149.95.
While The Row zip-front boots are nearly $1,500 (right), both ASOS (left) and Steve Madden (center) make some great dupes 
If you are tempted to splurge on a piece of jewelry and have your eyes on those viral Bottega Veneta drop earrings, you can hold off.
Amazon has an extremely similar pair for $12.99, according to Teen Vogue.
You can skip the $1,350 price tag on Bottega's earrings - Amazon has a pair of the drop earrings for only $12.99
The pair of earrings has received rave reviews on Amazon, too, with one user urging, 'Don't hesitate at this price. Get your friend a pair too.'
So, that means you can skip the $1,350 price tag on Bottega's earrings. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group