Taylor Swift is Not a Pentagon Psy-Op, So Shake It Off
January 11, 2024
I’m no Swiftie, here to defend my girl Taylor Swift. I don’t like her music, or how she influences the culture. Frankly, while the pop princess does have a good set of pipes, I find her to be overrated and over-exposed.
But she is not a Pentagon Psy-Op, despite what Jesse Watters said.
On his Fox News program Tuesday evening, Watters floated an idea as to why Swift is so darn popular:
She’s all right, but I mean, have you ever wondered why or how she blew up like this? Well, around four years ago, the Pentagon psychological operations unit floated turning Taylor Swift into an asset during a NATO meeting. What kind of asset? A PsyOp for combatting online misinformation.
As a result, Taylor Swift could become “a front for a covert political agenda.”
Joining Watters was former FBI special agent Stuart Kaplan (hold on, don’t the MAGA folks like Watters hate the FBI?) who echoed the theory:
Now it is quite possible, frankly, that Taylor Swift does not know that she is being utilized in a covert manner to swing voters. But the bottom line is that the Biden administration is savvy, identifying how many followers and how many voters, potentially, she can influence. With either right information or misinformation, she can swing the voters.
Is Taylor Swift a Pentagon PsyOp asset? pic.twitter.com/yHp8WywKh8
— Jesse Watters (@JesseBWatters) January 10, 2024
Watters backpedaled a bit, saying he had “no evidence” that Taylor Swift is “a front for a covert political agenda.” And if they did, he’d share it. “But we’re curious.”
You know, just asking questions. 
Giphy.com.
Yeah, of course you are. Anything for eyeballs on the screen.
You’d think the brass at the Pentagon have more important things to do than to squelch a conspiracy about a pop singer. After all, their top man went to the hospital for surgery without telling anyone — they’ve got bigger problems. But Taylor Swift as a Psy-Op princess was a bit too much, so on Wednesday the Pentagon pushed back. Spokesperson Sabrina Singh said “as for this conspiracy theory, we are going to shake it off,” adding:
But that does highlight that we still need Congress to approve our supplemental budget request as Swift-ly as possible so we can be out of the woods with potential fiscal concerns. 
Don’t quit your day job, honey. Standup comedy just isn’t your thing.
However, the milblog Task & Purpose weren’t so amused. Senior staff writer Patty Nieberg did acknowledge Swift’s massive influence on the culture. She also noted that the singer uses “easter eggs” in her music to drop hints to her fans through her clothing and her social media comments. So in that sense, Watters wasn’t entirely wrong.
However, Nieberg also did what Watters didn’t do — research. Nieberg wrote:
The clip that Waters referred to was from a 2019 conference in Estonia which was organized by a multinational and interdisciplinary NATO cyber defense group. The speaker, Alicia Marie Bargar, a research engineer at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, mentioned the singer as an example of the power of influence online.
Plus, unlike Watters, she actually spoke with Alicia Marie Bargar, who told Nieberg this:
I have no connection to the Pentagon. Taylor Swift was an incidental example of a famous person to explain a social network analysis concept to the audience.
Business Insider also questioned Bargar, who told BI:
This was an academic presentation at an open conference for discussing cyber security challenges … an incidental example of a famous person to explain a social network analysis concept to the audience. This is a commonly used approach in academia to make theoretical concepts easier to understand. 
And no, as she had also told Task & Purpose, she has no connection to NATO or the Pentagon.
I’m old enough to remember the urban legend that Beatle Paul McCartney was dead, and the band was using a lookalike. The rumor grew legs in September, 1969, after a college newspaper in Iowa published an article asking “Is Paul Dead?” McCartney himself permanently put the kibosh on the conspiracy a few weeks later through an interview and cover story in Life magazine.
But that was then. Now any rumor can fly on streaming services, internet channels, X, Tik Tok — you name it, there is no shortage of wacky ideas and places where they fester. What’s even worse is that there are those who flog disinformation in order to push their political agendas — on both sides of the political chasm. People eagerly lap it up when it confirms their beliefs.
For example, after the school shooting in Iowa, conspiracists were quick to label it a “false flag” operation. It was the Deep State attempting to distract from the Jeffrey Epstein documents, they explained.
On social media, disinformation bots put out fake information in order to hook the gullible — sometimes even popular accounts on both the right and the left who disseminate it to their large followings. There are also posters who maliciously put out disinformation in order to attack a political enemy.
Finally, there are popular names like Jesse Watters on news channels — he of the perfect hair, unserious attitude, and the chutzpah to promote an inane tale about Taylor Swift being a Pentagon pawn. He doesn’t bother to investigate deeper. After all, he’s “just curious.” But he gives his fans what they want because it confirms their biases.
This is why we can’t have nice things.
Oh, and one more bit of advice for the Swifties: sorry, but Taylor Swift is not giving away Le Creuset cookware. Yep, it’s an old school scam, updated with AI audio to mimic Swift’s voice.
Featured image: Photoshop/Brand X Studio.
disinformation Fox News internet Jesse Watters pentagon social media
Kim is a pint-sized patriot who packs some big contradictions. She is a Baby Boomer who never became a hippie, an active Republican who first registered as a Democrat (okay, it was to help a sorority sister's father in his run for sheriff), and a devout Lutheran who practices yoga. Growing up in small-town Indiana, now living in the Kansas City metro, Kim is a conservative Midwestern gal whose heart is also in the Seattle area, where her eldest daughter, son-in-law, and grandson live. Kim is a working speech pathologist who left school system employment behind to subcontract to an agency, and has never looked back. She describes her conservatism as falling in the mold of Russell Kirk's Ten Conservative Principles. Don't know what they are? Google them!
Celebrities have been used for recruitment/to promote “messages”/and for morale purposes for a long, long, LONG while. Veronica Lake changed her hairstyle during the big war to promote a more factory worker standard for safety (and it pretty much killed her career).
Unfortunately now everything has to be a conspiracy. I know nothing about Swift other than she is popular, but using her popularity to spread a message wouldn’t be indicative of anything that hasn’t been going on since way WAY before she existed. The fact she is funded by (therefore subject to) Soros is far more troubling to me. She might as well work for China.
Swift, like many modern celebrities, is a god(ess) substitute for an increasingly Godless culture.
I read an article in The Spectator World in which the author, a young woman and former fan, asked “Are We Sick of Taylor Swift Yet?”
From her lips to God’s ears.
1) “Celebrities” rarely have to be explicitly recruited to spew the party line. They are nearly always self-recruiting. At most, the “psy-ops” people need to influence those who influence the “influencer.” (Which actually works better; the “celebrity” is only rarely capable of toileting themselves without an automatic audio-visual presentation on their bathroom wall.)
2) Ms. Barger does have at least some, tangential, connection to NATO (and thus to the Pentagon). Otherwise, what was she doing speaking at a conference organized by them (undoubtedly with a fee)?
3) SIgh… We “MAGA folks” don’t hate the FBI. We hate the LAWLESS elements IN the FBI. Which, unfortunately, is much of it these days, particularly in the higher levels – just as in the military.
We hate the LAWLESS elements IN the FBI.
Yep. About 98% of the Agency really make it tough for the 2% or less that are actually honorable.
Got stats for those numbers?
Ms. Barger does have at least some, tangential, connection to NATO (and thus to the Pentagon). Otherwise, what was she doing speaking at a conference organized by them (undoubtedly with a fee)?
Reread the article. She was hired by NATO in 2019 for her expertise during a conference. She has no further connections with either the Pentagon or NATO; today she is a Senior Data Developer at Shopify. 
 SIgh… We “MAGA folks” don’t hate the FBI.
Um, then how do you explain Marjorie Taylor Greene, Andy Biggs, Jim Jordan, and Donald Trump himself all calling for the defunding of the FBI? Vivek Ramaswamy and Matt Gaetz even want to abolish it.
Sure she isn’t.
What would they say if she was?
The first step in cleaning out a decrepit, overflowing pigsty is to remove the pigs.
Nobody argues that there isn’t a place for a Federal law enforcement agency. That place, however, is not to be snipers to kill the family of someone who missed a court appearance; nor to firebomb a compound of women and children; nor to kidnap a child to hand him over to a Communist dictator; nor to invade the home of a demonstrator against infanticide and hold him, his wife, and his children at gunpoint; nor to incite a riot in the nation’s capital.
I could go on… Law enforcement is necessary – the Gestapo, NKVD, and KGB are not.
Oh, that is to the “conservative,” not to Joe.
Didn’t explain why your MAGA heroes, including Trump, want to defund or demolish the FBI. Yet you say (and I agree) that law enforcement is necessary.
Nice try though.
To repeat: the first step in cleaning out a decrepit, overflowing pigsty is to remove the pigs. You cannot “clean around” the pigs.
Remove ALL of its funding. Remove ALL of its people. Create a new agency, bound around with strict statutory authorities, and severe criminal penalties for going outside of them, with an independent watchdog. Do NOT permit armed agents – if needed, they can call on the Federal Marshal Service (who should be the ONLY armed civilian branch, in any case).
Authorize new funding from scratch for the actual needs. Allow current employees to apply for positions, with careful background checks AND psychological examination to weed out the psychopaths like Horiuchi that get off on killing people.
Y’all need to calm down.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Dkk9gvTmCXY&pp=ygUieW91IG5lZWQgdG8gY2FsbSBkb3duIHRheWxvciBzd2lmdA%3D%3D
(Sorry: it was there, I had to take the opportunity. 😉
[…] The US to help increase Guyana’s military readiness, and Iran Takes Tanker Victory Girls: Taylor Swift is Not a Pentagon Psy-Op, So Shake It Off Volokh Conspiracy: Antisemitism Lawsuit Filed against Harvard University, Includes Allegations re […]
Speaking of Paul McCartney being dead.  Remember when he put out a duet with Michael Jackson The Girl is Mine?  That was proof positive to me that Paul McCartney is dead.
Imagine, if you will, arguing with Michael Jackson about a girlfriend….
Hey, Michael Jackson wrote the song: McCartney just agreed to sing it with him. What are you gonna do? (Emoji shrug)
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
Victory Girls Delivered!
Tip Us!
Become a Victory Girl!
Follow Us On Twitter!
Recent Comments
Check Out Carol’s Blog!
Rovin’ Redhead
Meta
© Copyright Rose - A Lovely WordPress Theme for Bloggers