Something went wrong
The Chiefs star will host the Prime Video reboot of 'Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader?'
AP Photo/Charlie Riedel
Travis Kelce is adding "game show host" to his resume — and his first show will be a riff on a classic.
According to a source who spoke with PEOPLE, the Kansas City Chiefs player, 34, is heading up a new game show series that features a classic premise — with a slight twist.
Variety previously reported that Kelce was going to be hosting a reboot of Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? earlier this month (which PEOPLE also reported), and the source now confirms this is accurate.
Calling it a "twist" on the format of Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? — which first aired in 2007 on Fox — the insider added that production has started already and the filming is why Kelce has been in Los Angeles for so long.
Related: Travis Kelce in Talks to Host Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? Reboot: Source
The rebooted version of the game show, called Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity? and airing on Prime Video, would utilize celebrities in place of where the original series had children contestants.
Amazon did not respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
This rebooted game show is not the first time the NFL star has served as a television host. In March 2023, Kelce served as the host on Saturday Night Live, and while he didn't host the series, Kelce was also the star of a reality dating show called Catching Kelce on E! in 2016.
Kelce also recently added the title of "producer" to his resume after he served in the role on two films. His first project, My Dead Friend Zoe, premiered at SXSW earlier in March, and King Pleasure, an upcoming documentary about Jean-Michel Basquiat, begins production this summer.
The tight end has made a number of appearances in Los Angeles since his second Super Bowl win in February, many of them with his pop star girlfriend Taylor Swift, 34. The pair have been spotted soaking up the sun in Los Angeles, as Kelce isn't in practice for the season yet and Swift has been on a break from her sold-out Eras Tour.
Related: Taylor Swift Spotted at L.A. Dive Bar During Eras Tour Break
In an interview with PEOPLE earlier this month, Kelce even said he might try to pop over to Indio, Calif. from L.A. to attend the Coachella music festival.
"I am a Coachella guy," Kelce told PEOPLE. "I love going to Coachella. I love live music in general. So you might see me pop up over there at some point."
"I'm not sure if I'll go to a weekend, one or two, or if I even have time knowing my schedule's filling up pretty quick before we get started back up for football here," he added.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Last year, the NFL star told PEOPLE he's interested in pursuing a career in Hollywood once he retires from the NFL. Speaking about his experience hosting Saturday Night Live in March 2023, the tight end said, "It was an experience that was like nothing else that I've ever gone through."
Kelce continued, "I just can't thank them enough for giving me that opportunity, because I didn't know I was going to enjoy scripted comedy, or that entire entertainment world as much as I did, until I was on a set and going through the week of preparation and stuff like that."
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.
Sign in to access your portfolio