ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
- SEPTEMBER 7: Taylor Swift attends The 2008 MTV Video Music Awards - Arrivals at Hollywood on ... More September 7, 2008. (Photo by ANDREAS BRANCH/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift is about to release her new album The Tortured Poets Department, which is slated to arrive later this month. Ahead of that set dropping, the singer-songwriter scores a brand new placement on a vinyl chart in one of the largest music markets in the world, as her fans in that nation were eager once again to own the project that started it all for her.
In Australia, Swift’s first full-length, Taylor Swift, debuts on the vinyl albums chart at No. 12. The set reaches the ranking of the bestselling titles on the format in that country for the very first time, nearly two decades after it was first released.
Taylor Swift dropped in October 2006, and it launched one of the most successful music careers in history. The album pushed her to superstar status, especially in America. The set did reach countless millions of fans in other parts of the world, including in Australia, where it apparently remains very popular.
The self-titled project is new to Australia’s vinyl albums chart, but it has already spent plenty of time on a number of other rankings in the country. Four years after its release, the set peaked at No. 33 on the list of the most-consumed efforts down under.
Swift fills seven spots on the 20-rung tally of the bestselling vinyl albums in Australia this week. That means she controls more than one-third of the entire list. Swift has proven herself time and time again to be one of the most successful artists in the world when it comes to selling her wares on vinyl.
Four of Swift’s titles that are present on the Australian vinyl albums chart live inside the top 10, giving her ownership over 40% of the most competitive tier on the tally. 1989 (Taylor’s Version) and Midnights appear next to one another at Nos. 4 and 5, respectively. Lover falls slightly to No. 8, while Evermore is steady at No. 10.
Swift actually earns a streak of three charting projects on the vinyl albums ranking, as Folklore, Evermore’s predecessor, appears at No. 11. Just after those two companion pieces comes the self-titled debut, which settles in twelfth place. One more project from the singer, Speak Now (Taylor’s Version), lands at No. 14.