ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
PASADENA, CA - MAY 14:  Entertainer Beyonce performs onstage during "The Formation World Tour" at ... More the Rose Bowl on May 14, 2016 in Pasadena, California.  (Photo by Kevin Mazur/WireImage )
One thing is certain about the Billboard charts next week: Beyoncé’s new album Cowboy Carter is going to debut at No. 1. The singer’s first completely country full-length is about to debut atop the Billboard 200—now all that’s left to see is how massive it will be when it launches in first place.
Cowboy Carter was one of the most highly-anticipated albums of 2024, and since it dropped, it has remained a topic of conversation. The set has generated countless headlines, and plenty of chatter about Beyoncé’s talent, her career pivot, and what constitutes country music today. All this attention, paired with the singer’s enormous fan base and plenty of curiosity, will make the title a huge winner when it hits the charts.
With several days left in the tracking week, HitsDailyDouble made a bold prediction about Cowboy Carter. The music industry-focused publication reported that it expects Beyoncé’s new project to debut with 403,000 equivalent units. That sum includes both pure purchases and streaming equivalents.
HitsDailyDouble predicted that Cowboy Carter will also be a powerhouse seller in its first week. The title will reportedly sell around 170,000 copies—and those are actual sales.
Cowboy Carter will be so huge when it arrives on the charts, it might have reached the peak on the Billboard 200 with either sales or streaming alone. According to these predictions, which are usually very close to what Billboard reports days later, the runner-up next frame will be Future and Metro Boomin’s We Don’t Trust You, which currently rules the Billboard 200. That collaborative effort may move another 130,000 equivalent units, enough to keep it inside the top two.
If Cowboy Carter does manage 400,000 equivalent units in one week, it will mark the first time in years that Beyoncé has scored such a large debut. Her last album, 2022’s Renaissance, started at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with 332,000 units.
Bey’s previous traditional album Lemonade also easily grabbed the highest spot on the Billboard 200 when it debuted. That set launched with 653,000 equivalent units back in 2016, with most of those—more than half a million—being pure sales.
Cowboy Carter is certainly about to score the largest debut so far of 2024. Exactly how huge it will be will be announced by Billboard in a few days. Beyoncé will likely hold this record for a few weeks, but then Taylor Swift’s new album The Tortured Poets Department is scheduled to drop on April 19, and that will almost certainly take the cake.