Watch CBS News

Updated on:  May 6, 2024 / 3:46 PM EDT
          / Essentials
        

            We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
          
Here's your official warning: Mother's Day is this weekend. Time is running out if you still need to find a great gift for the woman who brought you into this world (or helped you navigate it). That means it's time to start to get some serious shopping done. 
We get it. It's hard to figure out a way to thank our mothers for everything they've done for us. If you're having trouble, we've got your back. We've already rounded up some great suggestions that you can count on for moms who are into tech, home goods and much more. But budgets are tight, and time isn't so plentiful right now. You'd give Mom the world if you could, but times are tough. That's why we've curated this list of the best Mother's Day gifts under $100 that'll still put a smile on your mom's face. 
Whether you're buying for a mom who loves gadgets, a grandmother who wants to start working on her fitness, or a mom who knows everything there is to know about flowers, we've got you covered. Below, shop our picks for gifts for all types of moms, all at an affordable price point – that you can expect to arrive in a few days or so by way of Amazon, just in time for you to gift wrap and give as a gift. See? We told you we have your back. 
Give Mom the gift of impossibly cozy slippers. She's probably been wearing the same old worn-out pair for ages, so now it's time for an upgrade. These 100% sheepskin slippers bear the iconic Ugg logo on one side and come with a strip of cozy fur on the edges. 
The soft suede is a welcome companion on cold, blustery days, and the rubber sole on the bottom makes these slippers a good prospect for grabbing the mail. If Mom needs to relax and chill out before she starts her day, these slippers should be able to help put her at ease, indoors or outdoors.
If the first thing your mom does each morning is stumble over to the coffee pot, give her a reason to get excited about her morning cup of joe. Give her the gift of these gorgeous Le Creuset coffee mugs in the beautiful bright Flame color, and she can pick a color every morning based on her mood.
The brand's iconic nonstick glazed surface looks gorgeous in this fiery hue, with a subtle ombre effect on each mug. Mom can enjoy her coffee in style every morning, and she can also finally say she owns a Le Creuset piece, while you know you didn't have to take out a second mortgage for a four-piece set, at that. 
Silk pillowcases aren't just a luxury. They're also the perfect everyday way to wake up looking and feeling rested. If Mom cherishes her sleep, you can't go wrong by giving her a way to appreciate its restorative powers even more. 
Sleeping with a silk pillowcase means waking up with less bedhead or tangles and dryness. It also helps to maintain hair's natural oils. This pillowcase will help Mom appreciate all the sleep she can get with all the added benefits, too. And did we mention that silk just plain feels amazing?
There are a few different colors to choose from, including a pretty pink or a soft cream, and Mom will love the heavenly texture as she slips into a restful sleep. 
Does your mother like to use technology, but is a bit of a novice at it? Does she spend time shopping online, watching TikTok clips, or catching up with her favorite shows on her phone? Give her a bigger screen on an uncomplicated piece of tech, so she can do all of those fun things and then some on an affordable, snappy tablet. 
The Amazon Fire 7 tablet is a great starter tablet that offers a 7-inch touchscreen, 2GB of RAM, a quad-core processor, and 16GB of storage to hold books, shows and movies Mom might want to download. 
It's locked to Amazon's app ecosystem, but it still uses apps like Netflix, Spotify and Kindle, so she can do just about everything she would on her phone -- only with a larger screen, and a potentially better operating system if she's using an old phone.
It's also a great way for Mom to keep in touch via video calls if that's something she's into. 
Whether your mom is just getting started with counting steps, or keeps a watchful eye on how much activity she gets in a day, help her with this affordable fitness tracker. 
This simple and lightweight tracker helps optimize workouts by offering a readiness rating. It can help Mom figure out if she should proceed with working out for the day or do some recovery instead. It also helps by tracking minutes spent at a target heart rate for maximum exercise efficiency. 
It has more than 20 exercise modes, 24/7 heart-rate tracking, and sleep tracking as well. The sleep tracking goes toward establishing a sleep score. Mom can even wear this gadget while swimming, as it's water resistant up to 50 meters.
If Mom wants even more features, there's an optional Fitbit Premium service to subscribe to. This Fitbit Inspire 2 comes with a free year so she can try it out first. 
If your mother is a whiz in the kitchen, make sure she has everything she needs to make delicious meals. This Carote cookware set is a gorgeous and efficient set that makes cleanup a breeze and cooking ridiculously simple. 
These stacking pans save space, since their handles detach, meaning you can swap handles between pans if one gets lost, and store all of them in one place. They're made with a nonstick surface, with practically no cleanup. 
This set comes with fry pans, saucepans, a saute pan, two removable handles, silicone pot lids and regular storage lids. It's time for Mom to toss out that old cookware and enjoy the convenience of this set instead. 
Does Mom make sure to follow a skincare routine day and night? Maybe she's thinking about establishing one. Either way, she can't go wrong with this Tatcha starter set. It's everything anyone needs to start using Tatcha's skin-loving line, all meant to help nourish and hydrate skin to help reduce the effects of aging, tiredness and more. 
It comes with five miniature versions of Tatcha's best-selling products, including a cleansing oil, rice polish, eye cream, serum, and moisturizer. 
Mom can get started using her new routine right away, and all she has to do when it's gone is repurchase the items in this set. Easy-peasy!
If your mom can't get enough of her favorite artists, give her some earbuds that truly bump: the second-generation Apple AirPods. They aren't the newest model, but they're still capable of bringing the house down when listening solo.
With a wireless charging case that serves up 24 hours of battery life, a one-tap setup for Apple devices, and absolutely excellent sound, it's not hard to see why AirPods are such a universally loved pair of earbuds. Your mom will appreciate how easy they are to set up and charge, as well as how great her favorite songs sound on them. 
For under $100, this is an easy must-buy for Mom, so she can get her Taylor Swift solo listening party on as soon as humanly possible.
If Mom loves to garden, make sure she has prime real estate for all her plants to grow in. Sure, Dad might have carved out a space in the yard for a perennial or two, but if your mother has herbs or veggies in mind, make sure she's set up with everything she needs, including a dedicated garden bed. 
This raised metal bed is 24 inches deep and can hold up to 269 gallons of soil. It's easy to assemble and is made of steel panels, so it's sturdy enough to withstand inclement weather or accidents (like Dad running into it with a lawnmower).
It's the perfect place for Mom to grow all her veggies and admire blooming plants when she goes outside. Plus, she doesn't have to bend over so far to reach them, which is a considerate move. Gift her this garden bed and this time next year, it'll be bustling with activity.
If your mom loves to collect fragrances or has the all-important drive to leave an impression everywhere she goes, give her a great new signature scent. Ralph Lauren's range of gorgeous-smelling perfumes will do it, and you can get one of the brand's best-selling scents right now. 
Ralph Lauren Romance is a sparkling blend of jasmine absolute top notes that incorporates pink peppercorn and rose damascena for a romantic perfume that feels like falling in love. It's luxurious and playful at the same time, with drydown notes of marigold and geranium. 
Give Mom a beautiful fragrance she can wear all year round, and she'll be thrilled that she's found her new favorite scent. 
Give Mom the gift of a delicate piece of jewelry this Mother's Day but don't break the bank. This piece by Kendra Scott features a gold-plated silhouette with Scott's signature shape hanging from a dainty chain. It's minimalistic and simple, which means it can go with anything Mom chooses, making it perfect for layering. 
The pendant comes on a 15" chain with a 2" extender and the entirety of the necklace comes in a jewelry bag with a gift box. It's a nice bit of luxury that Mom will no doubt enjoy wearing whenever she decides to don it. 
Brittany Vincent has been covering gaming, tech, and all things entertainment for 16 years for a variety of online and print publications. She's been covering the commerce space for nearly a decade.

          Here's how to watch the Cardinals take on the Seahawks today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the 49ers face off with the Packers today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Cowboys take on the Commanders today.
        

          Want to watch the Philadelphia Eagles vs. Los Angeles Rams NFL game today? Here's how.
        

          Here's everything you need to know about watching the Kansas City Chiefs-Carolina Panthers game today.
        

          Want to know how to watch the Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. New York Giants NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Want to know how to watch the New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Lions face off with the Colts today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Vikings face off with the Bears today.
        

          The fact that Reginald is the size of a small horse and Pearl is as small as an apple didn't stop them from getting along famously.
        

          Warren Buffett said trade should be balanced between countries and said Trump's widespread tariffs are not the right answer.
        

          Laid-off employees ranged from those working in firefighter health programs, to those approving new respirators.
        

          When Michelle Tuplin decided to relocate her bookstore to larger space, she had no idea how she would transport about 9,000 books, until she found her own literary heroes.
        

          Prince Harry told BBC News that his father, King Charles, "won't speak" to him, but Harry said he still wants "reconciliation" with the royal family.
        

          Warren Buffett said trade should be balanced between countries and said Trump's widespread tariffs are not the right answer.
        

          The owner of the Three Brothers Diner says customers are cutting back on spending amid economic worries.
        

          Altman's World venture wants to convince people to scan their eyeballs to prove they're human amidst a proliferation of AIs and bots.
        

          President Trump's budget proposal for fiscal year 2026 would cut spending at the majority of departments and agencies.
        

          Solid payroll gains last month are easing investor concerns about the U.S. tumbling into a recession in the near term, according to market watchers.
        

          Warren Buffett said trade should be balanced between countries and said Trump's widespread tariffs are not the right answer.
        

          The Department of Justice has filed a lawsuit against the state of Colorado, the city of Denver and a list of local leaders.
        

          Australia's vote comes just a week after Canada's elections, where President Trump's influence was also felt.
        

          As the Trump family's crypto ventures increase their wealth, the president's administration pauses a dozen federal crypto probes.
        

          U.S. District Judge Beryl Howell found the executive order targeting Perkins Coie violates First, Fifth and Sixth amendments.
        

          Warren Donaldson, 64, says Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's awareness campaign encouraged him to get his symptoms checked out.
        

          Laid-off employees ranged from those working in firefighter health programs, to those approving new respirators.
        

          There were at least 111 cases of measles reported in the last week of March, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
        

          Sneezing this spring? Here's why seasonal allergies are so bad this year and what you can do to feel better, according to experts.
        

          Since flu season is still ongoing, data is preliminary and may change, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Experts say it will likely increase.
        

          Everyone on board – three women, a child and the 29-year-old pilot – were rescued from their perch atop the capsized plane in "excellent condition," officials said.
        

          The Holy See released a video Saturday of the preparations for the May 7 conclave after Pope Francis died on April 21.
        

          The Greek police's division for organized crime was investigating the incident, while authorities were also investigating whether the woman might have had ties to extreme leftist groups.
        

          The attack on Saturday in South Sudan caused significant damage to the hospital's pharmacy, destroying all medical supplies.
        

          Prime Minister Anthony Albanese became the first Australian leader to win a second consecutive three-year term in 21 years.
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Year After Year."
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Ancient Light."
        

          Forget the vinyl revolution: For old-school music fans, cassettes are making a comeback. Superstars are offering some of their latest songs on the fragile, finicky devices, and there's a surprising surge in cassette sales. Here's why some fans are looking to the past to see the future of music.
        

          Chef Mario Pagan is nothing short of a culinary ambassador for Puerto Rico. The island where he was born and raised is now home to four of his fine dining restaurants, all of which feature food that tells a story with bold Caribbean flavors. His most recent establishment transformed a former theater in an up-and-coming San Juan neighborhood into a dramatic new eatery.
        

          Artist Joshua Vides is known for his all-star collaborations and his ability to transform everyday objects into two-dimensional illustrations. He opened up to Dana Jacobson about his creative journey and developing his unique style.
        

          Rockstar Games apologizes after announcing that Grand Theft Auto 6, its eagerly awaited video game, won't be released until next year.
        

          Bree Smith, a Nashville mom, says the deepfakes quickly multiplied, accompanying offers for private dinners and intimate acts in exchange for hundreds of dollars.
        

          From labor shortages to environmental impacts, farmers are looking to AI to help revolutionize the agriculture industry. One California startup, Farm-ng, is tapping into the power of AI and robotics to perform a wide range of tasks, including seeding, weeding and harvesting.
        

          Mastercard is working with companies to use artificial intelligence to help shoppers shop and make payments. William Antonelli, a contributor at Business Insider, joins CBS News with more.
        

          Epic Games, the maker of "Fortnite," filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Apple had built an illegal monopoly around its popular App Store.
        

          In the summer of 2010, panic spread across the region when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded​ in the Gulf.
        

          The mummy was found in Aspero, a sacred site within the city of Caral that was a garbage dump for over 30 years until becoming an archaeological site in the 1990s.
        

          A notably large brood of periodical cicadas will emerge from the underground across parts of the eastern U.S. this spring.
        

          There are other meat-eating caterpillars that "do lots of crazy things, but this takes the cake," the study's author said.
        

          Shortening permitting procedures for mining and oil drilling could adversely affect the environment, communities and endangered species, experts say.
        

          Kendy Howard was found dead in her bathtub. While dispatched as a suicide, clues at the scene made Kootenai County authorities suspicious.
        

          Maria del Carmen Morales and her son were shot dead last week. They had been searching for another son who went missing last year.
        

          Jennifer McCabe, a key witness in Karen Read's second trial for the death of Boston police officer John O'Keefe, is back on the stand to tell her story of what occurred on the night O'Keefe died. CBS News legal analyst Rikki Klieman has more.
        

          Hip-hop mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs rejected a plea deal offer on Thursday. The 55-year-old recording artist is facing federal charges that include sex trafficking and racketeering. He has pleaded not guilty. Jury selection is set to begin on Monday for his trial.
        

          Three youths aged 15 to 20 were killed in broad daylight at a hair salon in central Uppsala, about 45 miles north of Stockholm.
        

          An astronaut who missed out on the first all-female spacewalk is getting her chance six years later.
        

          The European Space Agency's Biomass satellite is currently in orbit over the Amazon rainforest.
        

          The Hubble Space Telescope "opened a new window to the universe" when it launched into space. Now, 35 years later, NASA is releasing some stunning images to celebrate.
        

          This asteroid is bigger than scientists anticipated, about 5 miles long and 2 miles wide at its widest point — resembling a deformed peanut.
        

          During the peak of the Lyrid meteor shower, 10 to 20 meteors could be seen per hour, NASA says.
        

          Protests against the Trump administration took place across the U.S. Saturday. The demonstrations were held to mark the 250th anniversary of the start of the Revolutionary War.
        

          A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity.
        

          Hundreds of thousands took to the streets, in Washington, D.C. and other cities across the United States, in opposition to the policies of Donald Trump, in the largest protests since he returned to the presidency.
        

          A look into a grieving husband Jan Cilliers' investigative work after his wife Christy Giles and her friend Hilda Marcela Cabrales died after a night out.
        

          Peterson's death sentence for the murder of his pregnant wife Laci has been overturned. Now his supporters are pushing for a complete retrial.
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Year After Year."
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Ancient Light."
        

          May 8 marks 80 years since people across Europe celebrated the Allied victory over Nazi Germany. While the fighting in the Pacific would continue for months, many saw it as the end of six long years of war. A new book tells the story of remarkable American women who helped that victory happen.
        

          Artist Ya La'Ford's work spans mediums. Her prints, sculptures and installations have been featured in the Venice Biennale and in private collections like the Gates Foundation. Michelle Miller met with her to see how it all takes shape.
        

          On this edition of CBS Mornings Deals, we show you items that might just become essentials in your everyday life. Visit cbsdeals.com to take advantage of these exclusive deals today. CBS earns commissions on purchases made through cbsdeals.com.
        
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.