Since the start of her career, Taylor Swift has made waves at the annual CMT Music Awards.
She first attended in 2006 and took home her first trophy in 2007. She's also made fashionable appearances on the event's red carpet and onstage for major performances.
Here's a look back at her CMT fashion, ranked from worst to best.
Swift attended that year as a nominee, recognized for songs on her "Red" album that sold more than 1.2 million copies during its first week of release.
So, it would have been fitting for her to rock the vibrant color. But instead, she walked the purple carpet in a tan, strapless dress decorated with delicate sequins.
The shapeless garment had an asymmetrical cut that dated the piece, and her ankle boots were too heavy to complement the light, flowing dress.
Swift arrived at her first CMT Music Awards in a flowing white midi dress. It had thin straps, a sweetheart neckline, and black lace pieces wrapped around the waist.
Though the dress looked great on Swift, her shoes distracted from the garment. She wore white pumps decorated with the same black detailing and thick black bows attached to each ankle strap.
The footwear was too formal for her summer-ready dress and too old-school for a burgeoning young star.
She first appeared onstage to perform "Picture to Burn" in a black minidress with an oval cutout, cowboy boots, and a fedora hat — the latter of which she eventually threw across the stage.
Her remaining outfit was cute and perfectly embodied the girl-next-door aesthetic Swift established at the start of her career. But it was also overly simple and ultimately forgettable.
A few sparkles on the dress or a standout cowboy hat could have made all the difference.
She attended that year hoping to win one of three awards she was nominated for, including two for her "Fearless" hit "You Belong With Me." Her sophomore album sold more than 592,000 copies during its first week.
She didn't win but still looked great on the blue carpet. Swift sported a burgundy minidress with belt straps, a bustier bodice, and an all-over floral pattern.
The dress was fun and flirty, and it nodded to the styles she'd later wear during her "Speak Now" era. She also wore leather sandals and thick hoop earrings.
Her hair was the only part of her outfit that could have used tweaking. She wore it straight and swooped to one side when her natural curls would have arguably looked better with her outfit.
She hit the stage in a black fringe minidress to perform "Pour Some Sugar On Me."
The outfit was classic but fun and decorated with gold sequins across its straps and neckline. Swift also accessorized it perfectly with leather boots and a curly hairstyle.
Her stage outfit included a sparkling black bustier bodysuit underneath a form-fitting red dress. The latter piece was sleeveless, belted at the waist, and cut with a wide slit in the middle of its skirt.
The outfit perfectly embodied the aesthetic of her "Red" album and made a memorable splash onstage.
Swift looked like the star of a Disney movie in a cream-colored minidress adorned with silver sequins. The strapless garment also had a layered skirt and a pink satin belt around the waist.
The pretty, youthful dress was the perfect choice for Swift, who was then promoting her first album.
She completed the outfit with silver sparkling sandals, mixed bracelets, hoop earrings, and a skull-and-crossbones neckline.
Swift attended the 2008 CMT Music Awards in a plum-colored dress with thin straps and a V-shaped neckline. Though the garment was fitted up top, it flowed out at the waist in asymmetrical ruffles.
The unique dress complemented the purple carpet and was styled to perfection with metallic heels. Swift also wore her hair in a side-swept ponytail with a sparkling headband.
She first appeared onstage to perform "You Belong With Me" in black glasses and a white robe, the latter of which said "Fearless" across the back.
But mid-song, she pulled the robe off to reveal a sapphire-blue minidress lined with sparkles across its neckline.
The outfit change was theatrical, and both worked perfectly with the performance.
She took home her first CMT Music Award in the shining green gown, created by Sandi Spika Borchetta — a fashion designer and the wife of Swift's former friend, music executive, and current foe, Scott Borchetta.
The gown had a massive skirt that flowed behind her, making Swift look like music royalty at the start of her career. It also paired perfectly with her signature curly hair.
She arrived on the red carpet in an ensemble that evoked old Hollywood glamour. Her dress was sleeveless with a scalloped neckline, and its minidress was tiered and sparkling.
Swift wore the dress with crystal-covered black heels, diamond earrings, and an updo hairstyle.
Jump to