If you've been enjoying watching Shogun or Taylor Swift's Eras Tour film using your friend or family's Disney+ password, your time to enjoy other boxsets and blockbuster movies may be running out. The major streaming platform is following Netflix's footsteps and will be cracking down on password sharing in the next couple of months.
Disney+ hasn't announced a date yet, but being able to watch popular series like Only Murders in the Building staring Selena Gomez and classics like Star Wars and X-Men using somebody else's log in will soon be something of the past. The announcement also comes just months after the platform's latest price hike.
Speaking in an interview with the American network CNBC, Disney's chief executive, Bob Igor, said the streaming platform will start taking action against password sharing from Junes in some countries, with a 'full roll out' following in September, as the Bristol Post reports. Password sharing already goes against the platform's rules, but there isn't currently anything in place to stop it.
READ MORE: Shoppers who spend £80 today get a free 'deluxe' coffee machine worth £110
READ MORE: Dunelm customers praise '10p an hour' gadget that dries washing quickly as it's slashed in huge spring sale
Speaking about launching the crackdown as a way of boosting revenue for the platform, Mr Iger said Disney+ would be "launching our first real foray into password sharing" in June, adding the move would help "turn this business into a business that we feel really good about".
Disney's decision comes after fellow streaming giant Netflix attributed a recent jump in subscribers to its own recent crackdown on password sharing. Shortly after it stepped up its action against the issue, the company reported a major spike in new users signing up for the service and has seen revenues rise since.
"Netflix is the gold standard in streaming," Mr Iger said. "They've done a phenomenal job and a lot of different directions. I actually have very, very high regard for what they've accomplished. If we can only accomplish what they've accomplished, that would be great."
Once launched anyone caught watching via another account is likely to see a warning asking them to pay a fee to keep viewing, as the Mirror reports. It's also thought that users will be able to add other family members for additional money although there's no word yet on how much extra it will cost.
Right now, Netflix charges £10.99 for a Standard plan without adverts. Extra members can then be added for an additional £4.99. Extra members have their own account and password, but their membership is paid for by the person who invited them to share their Netflix account. It's unclear if Disney+ will opt for a similar concept.
Disney+ currently has three plans including a basic option with adverts for £4.99. There's also a standard plan without ads for £7.99 and a more Premium option - which features 4K viewing and more streams at once for £10.99. More news on when a full rollout is expected soon. One thing that is certain though - if you enjoy Disney+ for free you won't have access for much longer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.