Only for the most dedicated denizens of the discourse, we share some of our reading material by way of this late night & early morning peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
According to newly compiled data, Las Vegas ranked last in one entertainment-based category: Taylor Swift fandom.
A local couple will be celebrating Monday while the rest of the nation watches the sky in anticipation of the solar eclipse.
FOX4 cameras were rolling as the final residents of Timberlake Care Center in south Kansas City were displaced.
The Will Smith Closer Experience must end now.
Chiefs defensive end Mike Danna has agreed on a three-year, $24 million deal to remain in Kansas City, according to multiple reports Friday.
She entered the profession in the 1990s during the 'heroin chic' era typified by supermodels like Kate Moss and Gia Carangi, having dropped out of college to enter the fashion industry.
White House spokesman John Kirby said the U.S. will "watch and see" how Israel is implementing changes demanded by Pres. Biden to limit humanitarian suffering in Gaza.
High roller GOP donors are beginning to coalesce around former President Trump as his presidential campaign is set to hold several events with big names in the upcoming weeks.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) denied the latest claims from House GOP impeachment investigators, who had accused the agency of intervening in the probe of Hunter Biden to stop an interview with one of his associates. House Judiciary Chair Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) and House Oversight Chair James Comer (R-Ky.)
"I hope our Republican friends will join us in bestowing upon Donald J. Trump the only honor he truly deserves."
Israel's military said its troops made a series of "grave" mistakes and violated protocol in their strikes that killed seven aid workers in Gaza this week.
Israel's airstrike on an Iranian Embassy compound in Syria's capital has spurred fears of a renewed aim at U.S. interests in the region, despite American officials claiming no advanced knowledge of the attack. Former U.S. officials and experts say the strike, which Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps said killed two senior members and five officers...
Fighting raged on Friday between Ukrainian and Russian forces near the town of Chasiv Yar, a Ukrainian stronghold in the east, but Kyiv denied that Moscow's troops had reached the suburbs.
The negotiations come as the number of Chinese nationals crossing the U.S.-Mexico border without authorization rose to 24,000, an elevenfold increase over the prior year.
The couple, who have three kids, filed for divorce late last year after more than 20 years as a couple.
Ready for it?...Yep, it might happen. But, before you freak out, rest assured that there are things you can do make it less of a, well, messy affair.
Four Air Force pilots from Whiteman Air Force Base recently made history with the first all-female flyover at the Berkley Riverfront Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri.
The Kansas City Chiefs organization posted a throwback photo of Caitlin Clark wearing a Chiefs shirt as a young girl to Instagram on April 5 to support the NCAA basketball star during March Madness.
It's been 10 years since a then 20-year-old Alonzo Thomas IV was shot and killed outside a Kansas City home near E. 71st and Wayne Avenue
Throughout the month of March, KSHB 41 took to all corners of the Kansas City community to highlight women making a difference.
While our weekend is warm, and it will feature plenty of sunny and dry time, wind and storms will still play a role in our weather the next couple of days. Each are significant enough that they may motivate some of us to adjust our plans outdoors at times.
And this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management