Plus, Justin Timberlake returns to the top 10 and a new entry in Willy Wonka chart history.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” rises to No. 1 on Billboard’s Pop Airplay chart (dated April 13).

	The song leads a second Billboard radio ranking, as it rules Adult Pop Airplay for a fourth week.

	The Atlanta native’s breakout single also topped the all-genre, multimetric Billboard Hot 100 dated March 30.

	The hit, on SWIMS Int./Warner Records, reached No. 2 on Adult Alternative Airplay in January. It pushes 15-14 on the latest Adult Contemporary list; 18-12 on Adult R&B Airplay, as the survey’s Greatest Gainer; and 38-35 on R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay with 3.1 million in audience, up 16%, on reporting mainstream R&B/hip-hop and adult R&B stations March 29-April 4, according to Luminate.

	“It’s only 1 o’clock, but it’s 5 somewhere, ain’t it?,” Teddy Swims marveled to Billboard after “Lose Control” crowned the Hot 100. “I called my beautiful mother [and] said, ‘We did it.’ I couldn’t be more grateful. I feel so protected. I feel like God’s favorite kid right now.”

	Justin Timberlake’s “Selfish” bumps 11-9 on Pop Airplay, becoming his 19th solo top 10, and his first since “Can’t Stop the Feeling,” which ruled for three weeks in 2016, marking his eighth No. 1.

	He first hit the top 10 on his own with his debut solo single, “Like I Love You,” which reached No. 4 in 2002. (*NSYNC, with Timberlake as a member, tallied nine top 10s in 1998-2002.)

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Here’s a look at the acts with the most top 10s since Pop Airplay began in October 1992:

	Also on Pop Airplay, Jagwar Twin’s “Bad Feeling (Oompa Loompa)” dances in at No. 38.

	The act, a.k.a. Roy English, released the song, which reworks the classic “Oompa Loompa” from the 1971 movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, Dec. 15 – the day that Wonka, starring Timothée Chalamet, premiered. The new version (released independently of Wonka) has surged on TikTok and reached No. 24 on the Hot Alternative Songs chart in January.

	“It has been pretty incredible to see the overnight viral success of the song because it’s fun, it’s funny and it doesn’t take itself too seriously,” Jagwar Twin told Rolling Stone.

	The Wonka soundtrack, which includes two new interpretations of “Oompa Loompa” by Hugh Grant, has hit No. 3 on Kid Albums and No. 6 on Soundtracks, expanding the history of Wonka-related music on Billboard’s charts.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.