Netflix/Courtesy of Chelsea Blackwell/Instagram
Love ​Is Blind season 6 breakout star Chelsea Blackwell flaunted her weight loss in April 2024 after appearing on the Netflix dating show. The reality star shocked fans with her before and after photos and now, Chelsea is over 30 pounds down
Chelsea achieved her results after undergoing a tummy tuck and breast augmentation. After the healing process, the California native maintained her weight loss by working out and taking GLP-1 (Glucagon-Like Peptide-1) medication.
Life & Style highlights Chelsea’s weight loss transformation.
1 of 5
Courtesy of Chelsea Blackwell/Instagram
“Before and after, absolutely insane the difference in how I look and how I feel,” Chelsea wrote on an Instagram Stories photo she shared on April 4, 2024.
The reality star wore an ab-baring sports bra and black leggings in both selfies. Chelsea didn’t reveal how much weight she lost at the time or how long it took her to shed the extra pounds.
2 of 5
Courtesy of Chelsea Blackwell/Instagram
The flight attendant told fans some of her weight loss secrets in an April 2, 2024, TikTok video, writing in the caption, “I don’t get this figure from lifting weights.”
“I’m getting a ton of DM’s about my weight loss journey and I just want to give you a few tips that I think have resulted in some amazing progress for me,” she told viewers while putting on makeup.
“I love my body. I’ve never been a small girl my entire life and I’m OK with that. I love her. She’s healthy and she’s strong. But why I decided to change what I was doing is because I wasn’t feeling healthy,” she continued, noting that it was affecting her mental health and energy levels.
The North Carolina resident said she’s been incorporating “intermittent fasting” and skipping breakfast, eating her first meal of the day around noon. Chelsea said her diet includes “a lot of protein” as well as fruits and vegetables.
The Netflix personality said she does a lot of juicing and downs “90 ounces of water every single day.” Chelsea confessed she’s “not a gym girl” but when she does go, “I like to get a little lift in to feel good.”
3 of 5
Chelsea Blackwell/ Instagram
“I have always struggled with my weight, but turning 30, it was almost impossible to see any results,” she told Us Weekly on March 28, 2025. “Deciding to undergo surgery was a no-brainer, but you must take care of your body after a surgery like that. A lot of people are unaware that if you don’t work out or eat healthy the weight goes to other parts of your body — and that’s no good.”
4 of 5
Chelsea Blackwell/ Instagram
“Some of those habits include having a better idea of making a healthier choice while at a restaurant, upping my daily water intake or always keeping a high-protein snack on me,” Chelsea told Us Weekly in April 2025. “By following an Optavia plan designed for those on GLP-1 medications, it takes the guesswork out of what I should eat and provides an all-in-one solution tailored to my needs. I’m no longer questioning, ‘What should I eat, or when should I eat?’ ‘Can I continue exercising?’ [or] ’How much protein is in this meal?’”
5 of 5
Chelsea Blackwell/ Instagram
“We are in the year 2025. First you guys are screaming at me that I’m the fattest person to grace your television. And then I lose the weight and now you guys are mad. I don’t understand,” she told People in March 2025. “I think the only thing I do understand is that you guys are really sad. I’m the healthiest and happiest I’ve ever been in years. If you think that I care about how you guys are mad that I have lost the”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: