Park Record

					Park City and Wasatch Back News				
Renowned singer-songwriter Karla Bonoff, whose tunes have been covered over the past 40 years by an array of artists including Bonnie Raitt, Wynonna and Linda Ronstadt, says songwriting is “hard.”
“Nothing makes me feel like writing a song because that’s the last thing I want to do,” she said with a laugh. “It’s hard, and it can be intimidating, and when you finish one, you always feel like you will never write another song.”
Still, Bonoff, who will play April 11-13 at the Egyptian Theatre, has found over the decades that songs do come to her through a little discipline and muse searching, 
“I find that if I sit and play the guitar and piano every day and you’re not blocking yourself by being too critical (like) our inner critic does, the best songs kind of come through you,” she said. “I think everything is all inside my subconscious, so I need to be open to let it come out.”
One of the songs Bonoff is most proud of writing is “Someone to Lay Down Beside Me,” which was first released by Ronstadt in 1976, two years before Bonoff released it on her own.
“That’s one of those songs that was magical because I don’t know where it came from or how I came up with the piano part,” she said. “But there is something timeless to it, and even when I play it now, I go, ‘Wow! This is cool!'”
Ronstadt wasn’t the first Los Angeles-based singer-songwriter to perform one of Bonoff’s songs. That title goes to Raitt, who recorded Bonoff’s “Home” earlier that year.
“Bonnie was the first person to do one of my songs before I had a record deal or anything like that as myself as an artist,” she said. 
Bonoff had recorded a little demo of the songs with her friends Andrew Gold and the late Kenny Edwards on mandolin and acoustic guitar.
“I’m not sure how we got the song to Bonnie, but we did,” she said. “And it was sort of a mind-blowing moment for me. I didn’t have any success up to that point at all. So that’s the first time someone confirms you wrote a good song.”
After Raitt recorded the song, Bonoff heard that Ronstadt was looking for songs.
“At that time, Kenny was then playing bass for Linda, so I was fortunate to be around her,” she said. “I remember sitting backstage and playing it for her on the piano.”
Access to these singer-songwriters during the late 1960s in Los Angeles was a regular thing for Bonoff, who began playing open mics as a teen alongside up-and-coming artists such as Jackson Browne, Glenn Frey of the Eagles and Elton John at the famed Troubadour nightclub.
“I think I just started off being a music fan as a teenager,” she said. “I listened to a lot of records, and, truly, there was music all around. So, when a new record came out, it was pretty likely that they were going to come to town and play in a club somewhere. And being able to interact with these artists during these concerts at the clubs was the perfect kind of breeding ground for me.”
Bonoff, who studied guitar with Frank Hamilton of the pioneering folk-group The Weavers, began writing her own songs while a teen.
“I think when you’re at that age, you don’t have a goal,” she said “I just tried to do it and hoped I would be good at it. I would write music and hope I could write good lyrics. If you heard people who were a little bit ahead of you like Joni Mitchell or James Taylor, they were sort of the flagship you were trying to reach. So, I think we were aspiring to write songs like ‘Both Sides Now’ or ‘Sweet Baby James.'”
Although Bonoff did add personal stories to her lyrics, she wasn’t worried about revealing too much of herself in her songs.
“I don’t think anybody felt like they knew what you were talking about,” she said. “Maybe the person you were in a relationship with might know, but most people didn’t know if we were writing something real or not.”
Still, writing about personal situations could be freeing for Bonoff.
“You could write anything you wanted, and it was kind of cathartic to write about the emotional stuff that was going on,” she said. “It was kind of a release for me.”
In addition to Raitt and Ronstadt, Bonoff’s songs have been covered by Wynonna, Trisha Yearwood and Lynn Anderson.
And, in 1989, Ronstadt and Aaron Neville introduced Bonoff’s craft to a new audience with the single “All My Life.”
When Bonoff tours these days, she sees multi-generational audiences enjoying her music.
“We always sign CDs and records after the shows, and when I talk with people, they tell me that my music is the soundtrack of their lives,” she said. “They tell me that my songs have helped them through a divorce or that they went through college with my songs. It’s an honor because when I was younger I didn’t think about anything like this. So looking back it’s cool to see that I was able to be meaningful in any way in anyone’s life in this world. It’s great to see kids who are fans because their parents played my music. It’s pretty heartwarming.”
Although Bonoff has earned the right to take it easy, she still records new music and still enjoys going on tour.
In 2019, Bonoff released “Carry Me Home,” a 16-song set featuring brand-new recordings of her own classics along with new songs by Edwards and a cover of Jackson Browne’s  “Something Fine,” which she released on the 2015 compilation, “Looking into You: A Tribute To Jackson Browne.”
Bonoff is also featured in Linda Ronstadt’s 2019 Grammy Award-winning documentary, “The Sound of My Voice,” and she recorded a Christmas album, “Silent Night,” in 2020.
“We’re still working on new stuff,” she said. “I like that you can put out one or two songs these days, without having to put together 12 songs. The music business has changed so much, and it’s hard as a musician to make money recording, unless you’re Taylor Swift.”
Because streaming, which doesn’t pay artists much, is how most people get their music these days, touring has become more important to Bonoff.
“I feel very fortunate that I’m healthy and that my voice is still in good shape,” Bonoff said. “A lot of people who are my age are either not with us or can’t handle the travel and rigors of moving every day and lugging your stuff around and singing every night.
“When I was 20 I could get up and sing at any time,” she said. “Now, I have to work at it a little harder. I have to do vocal exercises to stay in shape, but I’m really grateful that audiences are still out there.”
Park City Home Spring 2025
The Park Record newspaper publishes twice weekly in Park City, Utah, and has been serving the Wasatch Back since 1880.