To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
RHOP's Candiace Dillard Bassett was questioned about her decision not to work with Drew Sidora on Part 2 of the Season 8 reunion.
Candiace Dillard Bassett previously collaborated with The Real Housewives of Atlanta's Drew Sidora, but when an opportunity for the pair to work together again came about on The Real Housewives of Potomac Season 8, Candiace was reluctant at best. 
Watch The Real Housewives of Potomac Sundays at 8/7c and next day on  Peacock. Catch up on Bravo. 
Now, Candiace is sharing more context for her wariness. 
At the RHOP Season 8 reunion, Candiace was asked by host Andy Cohen why she didn't want Drew to open for her during a planned performance in Chicago. Replied Candiace, "I do business a certain way, and when I want to do business with someone that a friend knows, I go to the friend first. And that wasn't done. So, it just kind of left a weird taste in my mouth."
Here’s what you may have missed on Bravo:
RHOP Season 8 Reunion Trailer Previews Shocking Confessions & Allegations: "Find a Path"
The RHOP Cast's "Unexpected" Season 8 Reunion Looks Exude Smoldering Elegance (PHOTOS)
Why Mia Thornton's Boyfriend, Incognito, and Ex-Husband, Gordon, Both Appeared at the Reunion
Candiace's response prompted Andy to compare her and Drew to none other than Katy Perry and Taylor Swift. "It's what 'Bad Blood' is about," he said, much to Candiace's surprise. 
Her reply? "Is that what it's about?!" 
As RHOP fans may recall, Episode 2 of Season 8 saw Candiace meet with her manager Nye to discuss her options for her upcoming tour dates. As she prepared to return to Chicago, Nye wondered if Chicago native Drew would be the right "special guest" to bring onto the stage. 
Candiace, however, wasn't interested, and ultimately opted to invite another artist to be her opener. "I don't feel like I need to do anything more musically with [Drew]," she said. "I sold out Chicago. I'm just saying, I don't need Drew or anyone of note to bring butts to the seats. Sorry, I'm tired."
Candiace and Drew collaborated on “Affirmations Pt. II,” which was released in May 2023. The RHOP cast member announced news of the team-up on her Instagram at the time by sharing a video with the single’s cover art, which featured headshots of both ladies as a snippet of the song played in the background.
The track was a remixed version of Candiace's original song “Affirmations,” which is on her Deep Space (Deluxe Edition) album.
RELATED: Need Formal Dress Inspo? Look to the RHOP Season 8 Reunion: "We Are Giving Chic"
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.