The pop star's sheer blue lingerie was last seen on the 1997 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show runway.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Ahead of her Coachella debut, Sabrina Carpenter gave followers a tease of her performance style on Instagram. Posing in front of a poster of the 1982 film Manhattan Baby, the 24-year-old rising pop star wore a slinky blue lingerie number that looks almost identical to the slip that she’s pictured in for her risqué Coachella billboard.
can’t sleeeep
A photo posted by Sabrina Carpenter on 
However, the wow factor here isn’t necessarily that Carpenter is pictured in a barely-there lingerie look that screams “naked-dressing.” It’s that the look itself is a vintage Victoria’s Secret piece that first emerged on the runway back in 1997, before Carpenter even existed on this earth. (She was born in 1999.)
Ingrid Seynhaeve walks the Victoria's Secret runway in 1997, wearing the original blue lingerie that Sabrina Carpenter posted on Instagram. 
The sheer slip, in a glacial blue hue, features a lace-trimmed bra that’s seamlessly stitched into the rest of the dress. Beneath the see-through fabric, there’s an embroidered piece of underwear that appears to match the same floral-like pattern displayed on the bra.
It looks like not much has changed since ‘97—the Victoria’s Secret dress that Carpenter was pictured wearing appears not a smidge different from when it first made its debut. Jared Ellner, Carpenter's new stylist, confirmed the archival pull in an Instagram post of his own.
A post shared by jared ellner
A photo posted by jaredellner on 
As for her glam, the singer opted for a lightly tousled hair style and a rosy makeup look that featured saturated pink blush, subtle notes of glimmering highlighter, and a glossy lip.
Carpenter fans will note that this isn’t the star’s first rodeo with lingerie dressing. In fact, Carpenter seems to have an affinity for corseted dresses and teddy tops, many of which she’s worn on stage during her own performances and even while opening for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour.
Sabrina Carpenter performing during the Eras Tour, wearing a custom Frolov heart-cutout minidress.
While performing during the Eras Tour at Foro Sol in Mexico City last summer, the pop star danced around on stage in a custom Frolov heart-cutout minidress adorned with brilliant silver embellishments. Other designers making their way into the "Feathers" singer's onstage wardrobe include Fanci Club, Versace, and custom Oscar de la Renta—often with glittery embellishments and lingerie cues.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
In an interview with W Magazine about her recent campaign for Skims, Carpenter explains that her fashion choices are rooted in pure boldness: “I remember something that someone said to me once. It was like, ‘Honey, you should always leave the house as if you’re going to run into your ex.’ And I’ve followed that advice from that day forward.”
Lauren is the Fashion Editor at Marie Claire, where she writes trend reports, shopping pieces, and celebrity news stories. Prior to Marie Claire, Lauren worked for Harper’s Bazaar and ELLE as a freelance editor with a specific focus on seasonal styles and coveted products. She also worked for Town & Country, where she developed a robust portfolio of fashion roundups and designer profiles.
Lauren graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor’s degree in communications and a minor in journalism. While attending Penn, Lauren contributed to the university's fashion magazine, The Walk, while also interning for Philadelphia Style Magazine and EveryStylishGirl.
When she’s not exploring the world of fashion, you can find Lauren sharpening her skills as a DJ, discovering new restaurants in New York City (she’s a foodie), and spending quality time with friends and family. Follow her along at @laurenktappan.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


Get a head start.


Footwear designers are on a vintage kick, and I'm all for it.


She loves a see-through look.


The two looked nearly identical while attending the Broadway premiere of ‘Good Night, and Good Luck.’


SSENSE has everything a fashion enthusiast could ever want.


Bold pastels and sugar-sweet hues promise to overtake your boring shoe lineup.


The key to her success lies in self-care.


Copy and paste to your closet.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.