Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Jason Kelce made an unexpected appearance at WWE WrestleMania during the Dominik Mysterio versus Santos Escobar match over the weekend.
Jason, 36, and his ex-teammate Lane Johnson, made a discreet entrance to the match. Attempting to fly under the radar, they donned Philadelphia Eagles masks that concealed their faces and wore matching black tank tops, later taking off their masks and revealing their identities.
Jason's presence on April 6 sparked a moment of confusion from announcer Corey Graves who referred to him as "whatshername's brother-in-law," prompting a response from co-host Pat McAfee who sang "22" and asked, "Is that who you are talking about?"
Yes, he was referring to none other than Taylor Swift.
It's important to clarify that Jason is not technically Swift's "brother-in-law," as the 34-year-old pop star and Jason's brother, Travis Kelce, have neither married nor become engaged – yet, anyway.
The couple have been taking some serious steps in their relationship as of late, with Swift tagging along to an Easter celebration to meet Travis's nieces for the first time, Jason and wife Kylie's three daughters, Wyatt, Elliotte, and Bennett.
Kylie appeared on The Today Show on April 1, where she publicly expressed her endorsement of Travis, 34, and Swift's relationship. Kylie shared, "Ultimately, if Trav's happy, we're happy. We are always cheering on Uncle Trav." Kylie, who has been married to Jason since 2018, highlighted the joy of supporting "Uncle Trav" in all aspects of his life, describing it as "such a treat to be able to do that on and off the field. It's been amazing."
In a recent interview with People on April 3, Travis shared his own overwhelmingly positive outlook on life, and seemingly, his relationship as well. "I'm a guy that some people say is glass half full, half empty, and my glass is all the way full. It's all the way full," he shared, emphasizing, "I'm oozing life right now."
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC