Chef’s Restaurant is one of the well-known restaurants in Western New York. 
In 2023, the restaurant celebrated 100 years of being in business, which is a pretty remarkable feat. That’s one of the big reasons they are so well known, but there are also two other things to consider.
Chef’s is known as Buffalo’s Favorite Italian Restaurant. It’s the home of the world famous spaghetti parmesan, but it’s also instantly recognizable just from their walls. 
If you have ever been into Chef’s Restaurant, then you already know that the walls are covered with famous celebrities who have visited Chef’s at some point. Most of the pictures feature these celebrities posing with their famous Chef’s sauce. 
There are so many notable celebrities on the wall at Chef’s Restaurant, but it will be difficult to overlook this one. 
Chef’s Restaurant announced on social media this week that they have added another massive celebrity to the Wall of Celebrities That Have Visited Chef’s.
The newest addition is Damar Hamlin. 
Damar Hamlin is a football safety for the Buffalo Bills, and he was the face of a worldwide CPR movement following an injury that occurred on the football field in January 2023. Hamlin played college football at the University of Pittsburgh, and he has been part of the Buffalo Bills family since he was drafted in the sixth round during the 2021 NFL Draft. 
He was the most-searched athlete on Google in 2023, and Hamlin was also named most-search person of the year in 2023 (even above Taylor Swift).
Damar Hamlin is only the most recent celebrity to be added to the iconic wall at Chef’s Restaurant, but the wall began back in 1997 with Jerry Springer. 
Chef’s Restaurant shared a post on Instagram that confirmed Springer was “The FIRST celebrity to take a picture with a jar of our sauce on our celebrity wall in 1997.”
Chef’s Restaurant also shared a famous quote from Springer that he shared during his time here. Springer said, "Take care of yourself and each other."
Take a look at some of the other celebrities that you will find on the wall at Chef’s Restaurant. 
Gallery Credit: Kadie Daye
Gallery Credit: Google Maps