Manage your account
The country music star broke the attendance record at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana on Friday and joked he would likely hold the record until the pop superstar plays the venue
Christopher Polk/Penske Media via Getty; Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty
Morgan Wallen is breaking attendance records just like Taylor Swift, and he knows there's no need for any competition between them.
While performing at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana on Friday, April 5, the country music star, 30, broke the attendance record at the stadium and joked on stage that he'll likely hold the record until Swift, 34, brings her Eras Tour to the venue in November. As the crowd reacted to the mention of the pop superstar by booing, Wallen was quick to shut down their negativity.
During the second Indianapolis stop of his One Night at a Time Tour, fans recorded footage of the "Cowgirls" singer revealing that he shattered a record at the 67,000-capacity venue.
Wallen said, "They told me right before I walked on stage that this is the single most-attended concert in the history of this building. And that we're the first people to do it two nights in a row, so thank you for making it possible for making me to say that."
Astrida Valigorsky/WireImage
Related: All of the Celebrities Who've Attended Taylor Swift's Eras Tour So Far
He then joked that Swift — who's broken multiple attendance records since launching her Eras Tour last year — will likely surpass his feat when she plays at the same stadium later this year. "I’m going to say that until Taylor Swift comes to town in the fall," the ACM award winner quipped.
As his statement was followed by boos from the crowd, he replied, "We ain’t got to boo, we ain’t got to boo."
"I appreciate that," the "Last Night" singer added. "I know y'all got my back, though."
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Derek White/Penske Media via Getty 
Related: Post Malone Teases Unreleased Collaboration with Morgan Wallen: 'Let's Go with the Real Mix This Time'
In the comments of a video of the moment that surfaced on TikTok, a handful of Swifties shared how much it meant to them to see Wallen say something about his audience's reaction. "'we aint got to boo' 😘 I love this man!!! 😘," one replied, while another commented, "Greatness recognizing greatness 🤌🏻."
Another self-described Swiftie noted that they're a fan of both artists and appreciated how he stood up for the Grammy winner. "Love Morgan! He will always have a fan in me but a lot of his fans are questionable lol I'm also a Swiftie!! Love to see my fave artists thriving and not drowning each other!"
"I saw Morgan and Taylor two weeks apart at sofi," an addition fan commented, referring to their concerts at Los Angeles' SoFi Stadium in summer 2023. "They were both amazing at what they do 🥰 I love them both!"
After Swift takes her career-spanning tour to Europe in late May for a string of dates that last through the summer, she'll launch the second leg of North American dates in October. The "Karma" singer will play three dates each in Miami, New Orleans and Indianapolis, then take the live show to Canada in late November and early December for her final concerts of 2024.
Jason Davis/WireImage
Related: Morgan Wallen Claps Back at Ex-Managers and 'Dark Side of the Music Business' with 'Spin You Around' Re-Recording
Wallen launched the latest leg of his One Night at a Time tour on Thursday, April 4. The tour, named after his smash hit 2023 album One Thing at a Time, originally began last summer and is continuing across North America this year.
At the tour kick-off, the "Wasted on You" singer played a set featuring 25 songs, including old hits like "Whiskey Glasses," "Chasin' You" and "Up Down," plus recent fan-favorites like "Last Night" and "One Thing at a Time."
He also brought out a handful of special guests: Sports analyst and former Indianapolis Colts player Pat McAfee and Indiana Pacers point guard Tyrese Haliburton joined him on stage for the grand entrance.
The show was opened by Bailey Zimmerman, Nate Smith and Lauren Watkins, who are among the rotating support slate on the tour, along with Bryan Martin, Ella Langley, Jelly Roll, Jon Pardi, Lainey Wilson.
Just days after the tour began, Wallen was arrested in Nashville on Sunday, April 7 on three felony charges of reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct, according to court records obtained by PEOPLE.
According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) from the Metro Nasvhille police, the country singer allegedly threw a chair off the roof of a six-story bar on Broadway in Nashville. Per the statement, two police officers were standing in front of the bar at the time of the incident, leading to his arrest.
Wallen's attorney, Worrick Robinson, provided a statement to PEOPLE following the news of the star's arrest, noting that he is "cooperating" with police.
"At 10:53p Sunday evening Morgan Wallen was arrested in downtown Nashville for reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct," the statement reads. "He is cooperating fully with authorities.”
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.