By
			
			Jonah Wardell		

The Real Housewives of Potomac Season 8 featured some unexpected drama involving a Real Housewives of Atlanta star. Candiace Dillard Bassett addressed the odd schism with Drew Sidora at the reunion.
Viewers may recall in Season 8, Episode 2 when Candiace met with her manager to discuss upcoming tour dates. For an upcoming show in Chicago, Nye threw out Drew as a potential “special guest,” given her status as a Chicago native.
“I don’t feel like I need to do anything more musically with [Drew],” Candiace responded. “I sold out Chicago. I’m just saying, I don’t need Drew or anyone of note to bring butts to the seats. Sorry, I’m tired.” Woof. So, what was the deal with that?
Feeling a lil messy. So if you only had time to see one show, whose would you see—Drew Sidora’s or Candiace Dillard-Bassett’s?Both girls can definitely do their lil thing! #RHOA #RHOP
As per Bravo, at the RHOP Season 8 reunion, Andy Cohen asked Candiace what went down between her and Drew. “I do business a certain way,” Candiace said, “and when I want to do business with someone that a friend knows, I go to the friend first. And that wasn’t done. So, it just kind of left a weird taste in my mouth.”
Andy responded by channeling Taylor Swift, saying, “It’s what Bad Blood is about.” A surprised Candiace asked, “Is that what it’s about?” Fans might recall that Candiace and Drew collaborated back in 2023 with the release of “Affirmations Pt. II.” The track remixed Candiace’s original version of “Affirmations.”
On March 25, we reported that Candiace would be leaving Real Housewives of Potomac after six seasons. Meanwhile, the status of RHOA Season 16’s cast is somewhat up in the air. Whether Drew will return or not has yet to be seen.
Real Housewives of Potomac Season 8 reunion concludes Sunday, April 14, at 8/7 on Bravo while The Real Housewives of Atlanta is streaming on Peacock.
TELL US – WHAT DID YOU THINK OF CANDIACE’S DRAMA INVOLVING DREW? WHAT DID YOU THINK OF HER RESPONSE AT THE REUNION?
Jonah Wardell has been writing about reality TV since his senior year of college at the University of Utah, where he graduated with a degree in English. As a kid, Jonah grew up watching competition shows with his parents, including Dancing with the Stars and America's Got Talent. Those viewing experiences evolved into a fanaticism with all TV, including the Housewives and Below Deck franchises.
Share article