Little Big Town is ringing in their 25th anniversary in style.
The jubilant country group just announced their ‘Take Me Home Tour’ that will take them to arenas all over North America with special guests Sugarland and The Castellows from October through December.
Along the way, the “Wine, Beer, Whiskey” band is scheduled to drop into Buffalo’s KeyBank Center on Saturday, Nov. 2.
Before that, the Grammy winners hit stadiums with George Strait and Chris Stapleton this summer.
That includes a stop at East Rutherford, NJ’s MetLife Stadium on Saturday, June 8 for the trio.
They’ll also headline at Santa Rosa, CA’s Country Summer Festival and play a handful of gigs overseas.
For fans that can’t wait to sing along to “Girl Crush,” “Boondocks,” “Pontoon” and more, tickets can be secured for all North American Little Big Town concerts as soon as today.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, April 12, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all Little Big Town North American headlining tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
On top of the tour, LBL is opening for Strait along with Chris Stapleton from May through December.
To find out if their stadium tour is headed to a city near you, check out their ten-concert schedule here:
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
On June 14-16, Little Big Town will lend its talents to the 2024 Country Summer Festival at Santa Rosa, CA’s Sonoma County Fairgrounds.
They’ll be joined by huge names like Old Dominion, Jordan Davis, Jo Dee Messina, Walker Hayes, and Maddie and Tae.
Want to go?
Single and multi-day passes can be scooped up here.
Curious about which cuts make it to the stage?
For a closer look, take a look at what Little Big Town played at a recent gig in Oklahoma, courtesy of Set List FM.
01.) “Boondocks”02.) “All Summer”03.) “Hell Yeah”04.) “Little White Church”05.) “Throw Your Love Away”06.) “Next to You”07.) “Better Man” (Taylor Swift cover)08.) “Day Drinking”09.) “Rich Man”10.) “Three Whiskeys and the Truth”11.) “Evangeline”
12.) “One More Song”13.) “Tornado”14.) “Stay All Night”15.) “Pontoon”Encore
16.) “Girl Crush”17.) “Wine, Beer, Whiskey”18.) “Friends of Mine”
In tandem with the tour announcement, Little Big Town dropped the single “Take Me Home.”
The five-minute jam, which happens to be a Phil Collins cover, was recorded with Sugarland.
If you’d like to hear for yourself, you can find “Take Me Home” here.
At all of their ‘Take Me Home’ gigs, Little Big Town will be joined by Sugarland — who just reunited after a seven-year hiatus — and The Castellows.
Sugarland: “Stuck Like Glue”
The Castellows: “Hurricane”
Dust off the cowboy boots, country fans.
Many of the biggest names in the industry are touring all over North America this year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Kacey Musgraves
• Miranda Lambert
• Lady A
• Carrie Underwood
• Lainey Wilson
Who else is boot scooting on the road in the near future? Check out our list of the 50 biggest country stars on tour in 2024 here to find out.