(Photo by Kristinn Magnusson / AFP) / Iceland OUT (Photo by KRISTINN MAGNUSSON/AFP via Getty Images)
If you’re anything like me, you’re already sick of everyone having a total fanny attack over Monday’s solar eclipse.
To combat our eclipse burnout, we at the Daily Caller collated a comprehensive list of Mother Earth being a total freakin’ badass in ways that don’t revolve around our silly little moon’s big day overshadowing the sun. The first video we absolutely loved was this one of Mt. Etna in Italy blowing smoke rings.
Mt Etna doing her vortex ring party trick 😍pic.twitter.com/8avgXUrEpW
— Volcaholic 🌋 (@volcaholic1) April 8, 2024
Up next is yet another volcano. This time the giant hole in Earth’s crust decided to vomit lava into the sky instead of smoke rings. The footage was captured at the Reykjanes peninsula in Iceland, which has been going through an almost non-stop eruption for months now.
Breathtaking drone footage captures a lava flow during a volcanic eruption on Iceland’s Reykjanes peninsula Sunday. 🌋 pic.twitter.com/U0kjNiWcPx
— AccuWeather (@accuweather) April 8, 2024
Yosemite National Park (and someone on TikTok) gave us our next video. The California-based national park showed up in all of her beauty in April with a late-season snowfall. I mean, is there anything more gorgeous than this?*
*until you step out of your car and realize it is absolutely freezing.
Yosemite National Park looking beautiful and serene following this week’s spring snowfall ❄️ pic.twitter.com/wlvjtXBayn
— AccuWeather (@accuweather) April 7, 2024
On a more serious note, a tornado apparently popped off on April 7 near Des Moines, Iowa. Thankfully, just a few barns were destroyed in the event, according to storm chaser Paul Spomer. We also decided to include a bunch of other tornado videos because they’re insane.
Tornadoes are definitely in the Top 5 scariest things Mother Nature does to us. (RELATED: Department Of Wildlife Conservation Absolutely Rips Taylor Swift Over Travis Kelce)
TORNADO! @NWSDesMoines pic.twitter.com/alBWEEDr38
— Paul Spomer (@WxPaulS) April 7, 2024
Heartbreaking 😢 The devastation caused by the Louisville, KY #TORNADO is unimaginable. Watch this video for a closer look at the towns affected – Watson IN, Prospect KY, Pendleton IN, and Bunker IN. Let’s keep these communities in our thoughts and prayers 💔 #LouisvilleStrong… pic.twitter.com/hnn7rnb7TG
— Chicago & Midwest Storm Chasers (@ChicagoMWeather) April 4, 2024
Drone video shows the damage caused by a tornado-warned storm in Evansville, Indiana, early this morning. pic.twitter.com/4qFzYppkdJ
— AccuWeather (@accuweather) April 2, 2024
Another Top 5 scary weather phenomenon is flooding. Everyone underestimates floods until it is too late. Footage shared throughout April showed devastating flooding in Russia’s Urals, according to Reuters.
At least 3 dams have broken in russia now & Tyumen and Orenburg may also go under water
In Orsk more than half a million people are under evacuation
Video number 2 reminded me of the how the SMO has gone for russia. pic.twitter.com/FJw7wLb6tF
— Rocke Fella – NAFO Raccoon Spec Ops (@NAFORaccoon) April 8, 2024
Russian Telegram channels report that after the 3rd dam break in Orsk, water reached city bus station, near the large confectionery factory of Orsk Dairy Products and fire station No.16. Governor of Orenburg region said that this was the highest flood in the region’s history. pic.twitter.com/W8CRHwGMhH
— nina gold🇺🇸🇺🇦💙💛💙 (@ninagol15) April 8, 2024
The region close to Kazakhstan, around the Ural River, was inundated on Friday through the weekend, causing a dam to burst in the city of Orsk. Footage from the region is horrifying. It looks like the entire city is underwater. (RELATED: Forget Sharks, Gar Week Is The Greatest American Tradition)
So, while you watch the eclipse today, just remember there are countless other insane things that our planet does to us. But so long as you have a basic understanding of these geographies, you’ll know where you are if and when disaster hits.
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP