By 

	Anna Marie de la Fuente


	Calling all Latino filmmakers, John Travolta wants to work with you. Swinging by Panama to present his 1978 musical rom-com “Grease” at the 12th Panama International Film Festival (IFF Panama), Travolta professed his great love for “Mexico, Central America, South America, all of its parts.” 

	“There is an incredible humanity that prevails and is different from anywhere else in the world,” he told Variety.



	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Elizabeth Murphy Burns, Trailblazing Broadcast TV Exec, Dies at 79		
			








	Surprised to hear that Robert de Niro had starred in the Argentine series “Nada,” Travolta exclaimed: “I would have loved that, I would have enjoyed being lured to South America to play a part for a while.”

	










			Popular on Variety		






	The closest he’s come to working with a Latino director was with Alfonso Cuarón, who produced the short film streaming on Disney+ “The Shepherd,” based on Frederick Forsyth’s 1975 novella, which follows a young Royal Air Force pilot flying home for Christmas across the North Sea. When the pilot’s plane engine suffers a total electrical shutdown and runs out of fuel, a mysterious pilot (played by Travolta) appears in the mist to guide him to safety.

	Travolta loved the book and held the rights for six years until they lapsed as he was too busy. He executive produced the short film and helped nail the technical jargon and details of the pilot’s flight, given his own decades-long experience as a licensed pilot. In fact, he piloted his own plane into Panama City. He takes credit for insisting on the Christmas music that plays, especially in the scene when the pilot takes off into the night sky. “When I saw it on the big screen, it took my breath away. The Polish orchestra’s rendition was so brilliant, so stunning,” he said.

	Speaking of “Grease,” he revealed that he had always wanted the lead part after playing a supporting role in the Broadway version when he was much too young for it then. With regards to some gripes that some cast members did not resemble high school students, he remarked: “Remember that in that [‘50s] era, everyone looked older, the girls had mature hairdos, 16-year-olds looked like 30-year-olds.”

	He’s next appearing in the action pic “Cash Out,” which he describes as “Ocean’s 11” meets “The Thomas Crown Affair,” with a sequel already in post.

	He’s also working on a “comedy with musical numbers,” Nick Vallelonga’s “That’s Amore,” although production was halted and will hopefully pick up soon, he said.

	










	Now 70, he has no desire to slow down. “Theoretically, I could retire since I’ve been working since I was 12 years old, but I don’t see the point … what would I do?” he exclaimed. He pointed out that other actors older than him and his 84-year-old sister were still working.

	He would consider directing a short film out of the fable he wrote, “Propeller One-Way Night Couch.” “It’s like ‘The Shepherd,’ it’s very personal for me,” he said. For now, he’s mulling three projects for his next acting gig, one of which he’s close to greenlighting.

	Appearing for a Q&A after “Grease” played to a rapturous audience that sang along and clapped after the musical numbers, he talked about his loving, supportive parents and his contribution to the editing of “Saturday Night Fever,” where his dance sequences were originally limited to close-ups and so his footwork, on which he trained for months, were not seen. He asked them to use the wide shots and only cut to a close-up when he was pointing across the room. “I had to fight for that edit; everything good you sometimes have to fight for,” he said.

	After the phenomenal success of “Saturday Night Fever,” he used his clout to insist on partnering with Olivia Newton John — who was the “Taylor Swift of that time.” She was reluctant at first but he had to convince her, he said.

	He gave credit to his part in Brian de Palma’s “Blow Out” that made Quentin Tarantino cast him in the seminal “Pulp Fiction,” which revived his lagging career. “You never know when the seeds will be planted in your career,” he mused.

	He repeated his desire to work with Latin American directors given the strong impact films such as Brazil’s “Black Orpheus” and Gregory Nava’s “El Norte” have had on him. “It’s more where my heart is,” he said. “It’s my third time in Panama, the first time was with the movie ‘Basic,’ but it would be much better to be here with a local filmmaker,” he said to loud cheers.

	“This reaction tonight to me and my film, the massive crowds coming in, made me feel I have made a difference in the world. I thank you sincerely … it makes me want to stick around,” he said, breaking into song as he waved goodbye: “I’ve got chills, they’re multiplying.”

	










	The 12th IFF Panama ran April 4-7.
The Business of Entertainment