ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
AMERICAN IDOL - "419 (Grand Finale)" - "American Idol" is ready to crown its winner on a special ... More three-hour live coast-to-coast season finale event airing SUNDAY, MAY 23 (8:00-11:00 p.m. EDT), on ABC. (Eric McCandless/ABC) CHAYCE BECKHAM
Throughout the years, American Idol has produced a handful of well-known musicians, those who have found real success on the Billboard charts in America. Two of them not only appear on the same list this week, but they bookend the highest tier on the tally, showing that stars from the reality TV staple still have the power and popularity to churn out certified smashes.
Chayce Beckham rules Billboard’s Country Airplay chart this week. The tally ranks the tunes that score the largest number of audience impressions across all reporting country radio stations across the U.S., seemingly painting a picture of what tunes are reaching the most people via the traditional format.
The winner of American Idol season 19 scores his first No. 1 on the Country Airplay chart this week as his single “23” jumps to the highest rung. The tune lifts from No. 6 to No. 1, a notable leap on the notoriously competitive ranking.
Season 10 winner Scotty McCreery also happens to break into the top 10 on the Country Airplay chart this week in a bit of coincidence. His tune “Cab In A Solo” rises from No. 11 to No. 10, entering the highest tier for the first time.
“Cab In A Solo” is McCreery’s milestone tenth top 10 hit on the Country Airplay chart. He’s previously topped the tally with more than half of those wins, as he’s led the charge with five tracks.
American Idol began introducing the world to superstars when it first launched more than two decades ago. It didn’t take very long for the prestige of winning the show to mean less than it once did, and there have been many past champions and contestants who have failed to build meaningful careers in the industry.
While plenty of singers have come and gone from the series, it seems that country is one area where former contestants and even winners can go to succeed. Fellow American Idol stars like Carrie Underwood and Gabby Barrett have both landed huge wins in the country space, but also beyond the confines of the genre.