Aralyn Jade Slack, 11, of Lynchburg, entered God's kingdom on April 4, 2024 at Cincinnati Children's Hospital surrounded by her loved ones. 
She was born on March 19, 2013 at Anderson Mercy Hospital to Candace James and Adam Slack. 
Aralyn was the type of little girl who could see humor in everything. Her wacky sense of humor kept everyone laughing even when there wasn't much to laugh at. She was constantly cracking jokes and making silly comments in the best and worst of times. She loved swimming and turtles and any chance she had to be in the water that's where you would find her. She was an active team member of the Lynchburg-Clay youth soccer team as well as the fifth-grade girls softball team. In her free time, she would be on the sidelines of a game with her family cheering for her brother and sister. She loved her friends dearly and had many girls nights and sleep overs. She had the very best friends in the world.  
Aralyn enjoyed the most wonderful life experiences before her passing with the help of her community, family and friends. She especially enjoyed traveling and leaving "Aralyn Rocks" wherever she went, making TikToks, pickles and of course, Taylor Swift. She fought fiercely and gracefully during her time battling DIPG, a terminal brain cancer, and stayed positive and determined throughout the process. She will even continue her fight by donating her brain and spine to research, hopefully finding a cure for DIPG. She is truly living up to Her message to the world of simply "never stop swimming."
She is survived by her father and mother, Matt and Shawndra Slack; sister, Aubrey Slack; brother, Aric Slack of Lynchburg; halfbrother, Xander Phillips of Winchester; and halfsister, Kaydance Williams of Lynchburg; grandparents, Mike and Susan Hensley of Winchester; Grandma Stephanie James of Sabina; grandparents, Bonnie Mount (Jan Winkle) of Lynchburg; Grandpa Douglas Slack of Mowrystown; grandparents, Rodney and Susan Stapleton of Piketon. She is also survived by many aunts, uncles, cousins and friends. 
She was preceded in death by her biological mother, Candace James; and Grandpa Keith James.  
Visitation will be 4-7 p.m. Thursday, April 11 at the Lynchburg-Clay High School gymnasium, 6762 S.R. 134 South, Lynchburg. 
Funeral services will be noon Friday, April 12 in the Lynchburg-Clay High School gymnasium. 
In keeping with Aralyn’s wishes, she will be cremated following her services. Everyone is invited to wear bright colors or their Aralyn’s Alliance shirts. Flowers are accepted or in lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made in her name to The Cure Starts Now DIPG Research, 10280 Chester Road, Cincinnati, Ohio 45215 or to CCHMC, StarShine Hospice, 3333 Burnet Ave. MLC 5017, Cincinnati, Ohio 45229. 
Davis-Turner Funeral Home is serving the family. To leave an online condolence for the family, please visit www.turnerfuneralhomes.cc.