Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Ruth Langsford openly shared her "worst fears" about a potential split from Eamonn Holmes before the end of their marriage was reportedly confirmed on Saturday, 25 May. 
A spokesperson has reportedly told The Sun that their marriage has come to an end. It said: "Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes have confirmed their marriage is over and they are in the process of divorcing.”
Previously, an episode of Loose Women was centred around whether being cheated on with a younger person is the ultimate betrayal. Each star of the show gave their opinion, leading Ruth to disclose her deepest fear – that GB News presenter Eamonn might leave her for someone his own age.
While some panellists were devastated at the thought of their partners cheating with a younger woman, Ruth provided a different viewpoint. "See I think, people go, 'Oh, you'd hate it if you were dumped for a younger model,'" she started.
"I go, 'No, I would hate it because...' then I could do the whole cliche thing, 'Oh, Eamonn is such a cliche, he's going with a 25-year-old, how sad.'
 "But then I think, 'No, the worst thing for me is if he went off with someone the same age'. I think that is harder than being dumped for someone younger. That's my worst fear," reports the Express. 
Her co-star Linda Robson agreed but tried to reassure her, saying: "That's not going to happen," to which Ruth replied: "Well, hopefully not" while crossing her fingers.
Brenda Edwards then offered her perspective, adding: "Well, apart from my ex-husband who was like four or five years older than me, everyone else I've dated has been younger, but not more than five years."
 Ruth, who tied the knot with Eamonn 2010, was a regular feature alongside her hubby on This Morning, co-hosting the beloved ITV show from 2006 until 2021 when Eamonn left ITV and moved to the controversial channel GB News. 
Eamonn is now a news anchor on GB News' Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel, while Ruth has found a new home on the Loose Women panel. The couple's Friday slot on This Morning was snapped up by Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary, who continue to host the show.
Since moving to the right-wing TV channel, Eamonn has sparked backlash on a number of occasions, most recently when he called singer Taylor Swift "bitter" and said he'd never date her. He also hit out at the dating show Your Mum, My Dad, labelling it "embarrassing."
He has also slammed his former employer ITV on numerous occasions, and during the discussion on the dating show, he said: "I mean, ITV are the worst. If it’s not Ant and Dec, or it’s not Simon Cowell, or it’s not Bradley Walsh on The Chase, they’ve got no other ideas!"
Regarding their reported split, a source had told MailOnline: "It’s a very sorry tale. They are both so loved by the British public, they won over so many people on This Morning which they hosted for more than a decade."