Clara Bow: Spotlighting the film star and her iconic car.
SATURDAY, APRIL 13
Who is Clara Bow? Learn the story of the woman largely regarded as the figurehead of flapper culture. Clara bow was a silent movie turned “talkie” actress who shocked the world with her unconventional background and larger than life on-screen persona.
Through this third installment of Owls Head Transportation Museum’s “What Drives Us” spring education series you will hear the story of film star Clara Bow and see her one-of-a-kind 1929 Rolls-Royce Phantom Derby Tourer which is part of OHTM’s collection! The event will include screening of two of Bow’s films, as well as a lecture by Education Director Megan Galinsky on the actress and her rare vehicle.
This car was built specifically for Clara Bow as an engagement gift because she ‘couldn't get a car that would go fast enough!’ Spend the day watching her movies, hearing her story and seeing the Rolls-Royce engagement gift that left her speechless. Painted a creamy white with red spoked wheels and red interior, the vehicle is a veritable ‘rolling Valentine,’ complete with a custom bar in the rear seat!
Interest in Clara Bow’s career has experienced a renewed interest among younger audiences recently, as “Clara Bow” is the title song from Taylor Swift’s latest album.
This three-pronged event will also include an “open hood” perspective of all the cars and aircraft in the museum’s collection! Museum staff and volunteers will be on hand to give visitors an up-close look and provide history of these special artifacts. Throughout the day young learners will have the opportunity to participate in STEM-based education activities.
Schedule:
All Day:          Open hood perspective of all vehicles in the museum’s collection
All Day:          Family STEM Center with education floor programming
11:30 am:        Screening of  “The Plastic Age (1925)”
1:00 pm:          Lecture | The Woman, the car (Bow’s Rolls-Royce), the story of it al!
2:30 pm:          Screening of “It” (1927) The film that made Clara Bow Hollywood's “It Girl”
Featured Ground Vehicles:
1904 Mercedes Simplex
1929 Rolls Royce Derby Tourer " Clara Bow"
1933 Packard V12 Convertible Sedan
1941 Lincoln Continental Cabriolet
Featured Aircraft: 
1917 Gnome Rotary Engine
1913 Etric Taube replica
Location: Owls Head Transportation Museum 117 Museum Street Owls Head, ME 04854
Please help sustain local journalism. Become an online member today:
Welcome and thank you for your support.
To manage your account, just hover and click on your name above.
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content






  Lincoln County Sheriff's...





  (2,195)






  New owner for Topside Inn...





  (2,053)






  Montsweag Flea Market returns...





  (1,970)






  Sheriff's Office sees...





  (1,505)






  Bad idea





  (1,176)






  Boothbay Harbor dials back...





  (965)






  Donald C. Duncan





  (923)






  Rally wasn't violent





  (913)






  Linda R. Guite





  (881)






  Wiscasset police blotter





  (776)
We continue delivering the news our communities need during these ever-changing times. We, as with all of our local businesses, need your support, too.
If you already subscribe in print or online, thank you.
If not, please subscribe or become an online supporter today. New print or eEdition subscriptions are available at a 30% discount (use 'subscribe-to-support' coupon code at checkout). Or become an online supporter for as little as $2.99 per month.
X