A post shared by Apple Films (@applefilms)
In a similar style to the 2020 documentary “Boys State,” “Girls State” was released on Apple TV+ on April 5. Both are documentaries following week-long programs hosted in each state every year since the 1930s. The American Legion and The American Legion Auxiliary sponsor these programs where high schoolers learn about democracy and build a government from the ground up. Almost all states have separate events for girls and boys, except for Hawaii. For the first time in 80 years, Missouri’s girls and boys state will take place on the same campus, Lindenwood University in St. Charles.  
Throughout the documentary, we meet six main girls: Emily, Maddie, Nisha, Tochi, Faith, Brooke and Cecilia. We get to watch interviews with all of them and learn about their backstories; each girl is there for a different reason, and throughout the film, you see some of their paths cross.  
Since “Girls State” was filmed during the summer of 2022, in the Supreme Court Roe v. Wade case was actively being overturned. The process of repealing the decision was a hot topic during the week in which the Girls State was taking shape. At Girls State, each participant is able to run for elected positions, like governor, which is the highest position, or submit an application to get on the Girls State Supreme Court. Nisha and Brooke meet as they’re both trying to get on the Supreme Court. We see that they’re interviewed to narrow down the selection. Girls running for elected positions are given fake money to buy supplies for their campaigns. Posters go up all over the buildings, cards with the girls’ names are handed out, anything to get them votes.  
While the girls at Girls State are the main focus, since the boys also share the campus, we get a few shots of the boys and what they’re doing. We learn about the differences between “Girls” and “Boys” state as the girls are openly frustrated over the stronger enforced dress code, the buddy system, and not feeling like they’re able to talk about real issues. Considering this is a place to build a government and empower the youth, caring about how short shorts are should be the last thing that matters. Girls from all over Missouri came to talk about politics and government, having rules and counselors who diminish that diminishes the larger goal.  
By the end of the week, we see a full trial go through to the Supreme Court. It ends up being an abortion case, taking a shockingly similar appearance to the debates in the U.S. Supreme Court.  
All candidates for governor get to give a speech at the end of the week, and we see Emily, Cecilia and Faith finally showcase their hard work to the group. Emily, frustrated about falling short in the election, puts her energy into an article she writes for the Girls State newspaper. She writes about the inequalities between Girls and Boys State, talking to participants from both. As the film ends, the boys and girls come together for the State Fair and a night of music and fireworks to celebrate the week. The end credits are backed by “The Man” by Taylor Swift — the cherry on top of this powerful documentary.  
As someone who isn’t nearly as passionate about government and politics as these girls, this film felt so empowering and relatable. A lot of these girls made points about feeling less in spaces because of gender. And in the political space, women aren’t allowed to be as loud as men. Even in the film itself we see how boys and girls are treated differently, particularly in governmental spaces. I think this is an important watch. Seeing how much care and passion the girls have was inspiring.  
5/5 Stars 
© Copyright - The Daily Campus
THE DAILY CAMPUS1266 STORRS ROADSTORRS, CT 06269, USA
The Daily Campus is UConn's independent, student-run newspaper. We strive to provide the UConn community with fair, accurate, relevant and editorially independent content, to take on student interests as our own interests, and to provide the best possible environment for students to learn, experience and develop skills related to news media.
ADVERTISE WITH US
View our content policy
Weekly Newsletter sign-up
Subscribe now to keep reading and get access to the full archive.
Continue reading