Taylor Swift fans will be excited to hear they can nab a similar necklace worn by the singer at just £45
On a recent jaunt to Sydney, the songstress turned heads in a 90s throwback ensemble, featuring a brown pleated mini skirt and a black corset top. One item that stole the spotlight was a gold T-Bar necklace that she also wore.
The Cruel Summer singer's accessory of choice was the £295 Medium Gold T-Bar Curb Link Necklace from designer Tilly Sveaas, boasting a sterling silver chain and T-shaped bar pendant, both lavishly plated in 23.5K gold. However, there's an alternative for those deterred by the price tag.
It is the T-Bar Chain from online retailer Wolf & Badger. Despite offering a similar design to the Sveaas original, the 'dupe' costs just £45, offering Swifties a massive saving of £250 when compared to the one worn by their idol.
It sports a comparable aesthetic with its chunky, gold-tone chain and T-bar pendant. However, the Wolf and Badger piece is PVD vacuum plated as opposed to the sterling silver and 23.5K gold plating of the Tilly Sveaas necklace, reports Bristol Live.
Wolf and Badger tout their necklace with the claim: "Everyone needs a simple chunky t-bar chain in their jewellery collection and this is the one! This chain is PVD vacuum plated which means it's waterproof, tarnish free and won't chip. Basically, indestructible!"
Ahead of the summer season, Urban Outfitters has just knocked £20 off a popular dress - and it's perfect for weddings.
The high street retailer's Light Before Dark Bex Printed Midi Slip Dress has rave reviews from shoppers who say it is "flattering in all the right ways". Usually retailing at £62, shoppers can bag it ahead of the warm spell for just £42.
The midi-length dress boasts a few "romantic" details that make it perfect for wearing to fancy functions you have planned. This includes the all-over rose print and delicate lace detailing that both add a touch of femininity.
With its slip-style silhouette, lightweight material and shoulder straps, it is the ultimate breathable and breezy layer for the summer season. A classy v-neckline, cut-out back detail, side zip fastening and rear button fastenings complete the design.
Designed in a baby pink colourway, the Printed Midi Slip Dress will suit pretty much all skin tones and shades. It's also still available in quite a few sizes, with XXS to XL available on the Urban Outfitters website.
The dress averages a 4.3 rating on the Urban Outfitters website, and one glowing review read: "This dress is so gorgeous on! Definitely hugs your figure soooo nicely."
A second delighted shopper wrote in their review: "Fits really well, perfect for summer wedding."
Purchase the Light Before Dark Bex Printed Midi Slip Dress for £42, down from £62, on the Urban Outfitters website here.
The necklace has garnered numerous positive reviews, with one customer commenting: "This necklace was a perfect gift for myself and a friend. Impressed with the quality and get a lot of compliments on it."
Another satisfied buyer remarked: "Just what I've been after, absolutely love this necklace. Great price and super quick delivery."
While a third shopper chimed in: "Really solid quality and good design."
However, not all feedback was glowing, as one reviewer pointed out: "It arrived scratched but the idea is still super cool. Unfortunately, you can't take it off of the chain it comes on without ruining the chain."
The £45 T-Bar Chain 'dupe' of Taylor Swift's designer necklace can be purchased from the Wolf & Badger website here.
For those looking elsewhere, several other retailers offer similar necklaces. Online giant Not On The High Street offers shoppers a similar T Bar Necklace In Sterling Silver Or Gold Vermeil for £55.
Elsewhere, Muru London offers another similar T-Bar Chain, in both gold and silver, for just £62.
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond. Sign up to our daily newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.