Filed under:
The eclipse! It’s happening!
If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
good morning!
Those of you in the US (and maybe even not in the US) might be interested to know that the solar eclipse is happening today.
This is when the moon blocks the sun. It’s pretty cool, unless you’re a firebender.
Last week I saw a couple of publications creating these eclipse-themed playlists. Some song choices were pretty obvious:
A local CBS outlet picked Space is the Place, by Sun Ra, which I thought was pretty cool. What is less cool is one playlist chose the Flaming Lips’ cover of Dark Star instead of the Grateful Dead’s 8/27/72 version.
But I’m pretty miffed no one chose Donovan, who has the best song for an eclipse out there.
I’m talking about The Intergalactic Laxative. It includes space exploration, planets, stars and the cosmos, and a logistics operation all in one:
If [lol] is your problem
When you’re out there in the stars
Oh, the intergalactic laxative
Will get you from here to Mars
That whole album Cosmic Wheels (including the title song) are all great choices for an eclipse-themed day. 
So sit back, relax and enjoy your eclipse day. Maybe even play this standout track to enhance the experience.
Oh, the intergalactic laxative,
Will get you from here to there.
Relieve you and believe me,
Without a worry or care.
Fitzie’s track of the day: The Intergalactic Laxative, by Donovan
Oh you know what? You guys have been good. Here, take a second track of the day.
And don’t let this two TOTD distract you from the fact that Chelsea dropped two points against Sheffield United yesterday!
Safe eclipsing, all.
Fitzie’s track of the day, part two: Cosmic Wheels, by Donovan
And now for your links:
Dan KP: Tottenham shine again in second half
The Athletic ($$): Back in the top four, and how midfield switch worked
BBC: Where does Old Firm epic leave Scottish Premiership title race?
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.