While Apple continues to plan new iPads, the much-rumoured folding iPad isn't coming anytime soon

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

We've been hearing reports of a folding iPad for a couple of years now, and earlier this year a leaked roadmap suggested that it might hit the shelves of your local Apple Store in 2027. But a new report by well-connected Bloomberg journalist Mark Gurman suggests that a folding iPad isn't likely to arrive so soon – and it might never arrive at all.
Writing in his Power On newsletter, Gurman says that "Apple engineers are exploring the prospect of foldable iPads" – language that's considerably more cautious than previous reports of folding Apple tablets, which suggested that it was a case of "if", not "when". Now, it seems, it's a case of "if".
According to Gurman, an actual folding iPad is about as close to production as I am to marrying Taylor Swift. "Work on this initiative is in its early stages and the company has yet to figure out a way to create foldable screens without the crease seen on similar devices" such as the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 5 and similar flexible products. 
The crease appears to be a deal-breaker for Apple. "I've been warned that if Apple is unable to solve that problem it could decide to ditch the foldable concept altogether," Gurman says.
It's interesting to compare Gurman's report with one by another well-connected analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo. Early last year Kuo was predicting the arrival of the folding iPad as soon as 2024, with other reports indicating a 20-inch display when unfolded but also suggesting more conservative timescales: display analyst Ross Young's money was on a 2026 launch. 
What I think we're seeing here is expectations meeting reality: I'm sure Apple did indeed hope to make a folding iPad with an anticipated launch in the next two or three years, but it seems that the creation of such a device is proving much more difficult. And if you look at rival firms' devices, you can see why: for example as we said in our review of the Google Pixel Fold, there are tons of compromises in current folding tech and current generation models feel more like trailers of what's to come than the main event.
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
Writer, musician and broadcaster Carrie Marshall has been covering technology since 1998 and is particularly interested in how tech can help us live our best lives. Her CV is a who’s who of magazines, newspapers, websites and radio programmes ranging from T3, Techradar and MacFormat to the BBC, Sunday Post and People’s Friend. Carrie has written more than a dozen books, ghost-wrote two more and co-wrote seven more books and a Radio 2 documentary series; her memoir, Carrie Kills A Man, was shortlisted for the British Book Awards. When she’s not scribbling, Carrie is the singer in Glaswegian rock band Unquiet Mind (unquietmindmusic).

Harman Kardon's Onyx Studio 9 is a mid-size portable Bluetooth speaker that delivers big sound


Merrell’s Moab Speed 2 are supportive, incredibly lightweight and look great too


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.