Jewellery brand Wolf & Badger is selling a gold-tone necklace that looks just like one worn by Taylor Swift. During a recent trip to Sydney, the singer was spotted wearing a 90s-inspired outfit complete with a brown pleated mini skirt and a black corset top - but the star of the show gold T-bar necklace
The exact necklace Taylor wore was the Medium Gold T-Bar Curb Link Necklace from Tilly Sveaas, which has a sterling silver chain and T-shaped bar pendant that have both been plated in 23.5K gold. The necklace comes in at £295.
However, the price tag is quite steep and not everyone can afford to snap up the necklace. Instead, Wolf & Badger has a T-Bar Chain that could be the perfect solution.
The necklace is priced at £45 - a saving of £250 when compared with the Tilly Sveaas version. It features a similar design, with a chunky, gold-tone chain and T-bar pendant. However, the Wolf & Badger necklace is PVD vacuum plated, while the Tilly Sveaas version. is sterling silver and 23.5K gold plated.
The Wolf & Badger description reads: "Everyone needs a simple chunky t-bar chain in their jewellery collection and this is the one! This chain is PVD vacuum plated which means it's waterproof, tarnish free and won’t chip. Basically, indestructible!"
The necklace racked up many positive reviews, with one shopper writing: "This necklace was a perfect gift for myself and a friend. Impressed with the quality and get a lot of compliments on it."
A second said: "Just what I’ve been after, absolutely love this necklace. Great price and super quick delivery." A third added: "Really solid quality and good design."
However, one reviewer said: "It arrived scratched but the idea is still super cool. Unfortunately, you can't take it off of the chain it comes on without ruining the chain."
Alternatively, a number of other retailers are stocking similar necklaces. Amazon has the 18 inch T-bar Pendant Necklace with 3mm Oval Rolo Chain for £9.99 and NotOnTheHighStreet has the Gold Plated Stainless Steel T Bar Necklace for £22. D Louise also has the Cuban T Bar Necklace for £50 and Boden is stocking the T-Bar Chain Necklace for £35.