Right now biz lady, reality show celebrity & hottie Kylie inspires our afternoon peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines. 
Check TKC news gathering . . .
A program in Kansas City is helping people save more money as they work to become financially empowered.
Barbie world and many more themed rides are one step closer to coming to Bonner Springs.
KSHB 41's Alyssa Jackson spoke with Black mothers at Uzazi Village, a KCMO nonprofit that highlights inequities in care and the need for maternal education.
Missouri House members voted for legislation that would limit exports of water outside the state. The Senate is considering a similar bill.
A dust storm in northeast Kansas created a challenging time for drivers, as visibility was reduced to almost zero along rural roads. - Videos from The Weather Channel | weather.com
Once seen as a musical relic, audio cassettes have survived the eras of CDs and streaming to win over music lovers of a new generation. That's in large part thanks to the National Audio Company in Springfield, Missouri, the largest cassette manufacturer in the world.
"Somebody took the plunge, and whether or not that was ethical remains to be seen, but now we are starting to talk about it," said Chris Kovac, co-founder of the KC AI Club and Kovac.ai Marketing.
It's been a tour de force of rare swimwear during the Kardashian-Jenner family trip to the Turks and Caicos.
President Joe Biden said Wednesday that he is considering a request from Australia to drop the decade-long U.S. push to prosecute Wikileaks founder Julian Assange for publishing a trove of American classified documents. For years, Australia has called on the U.S. to drop its prosecution against Assange, an Australian citizen who has fought U.S.
Former President Donald Trump said Arizona's Supreme Court went too far in ruling the state's 160-year-old near-total abortion ban can be enforced.
The spotlight has shined brightly on student loan servicer Missouri Higher Education Loan Authority (MOHELA) amid fights for student debt relief and complaints about its handling of student loan payments. And on Wednesday, Congress puts the agency in its sights, with a Senate hearing dedicated to the allegations that have clouded MOHELA's reputation.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he would listen to former US President Donald Trump's ideas to end the war in Ukraine with "pleasure" but trod carefully around the issue during an interview at the Delphi Economic Forum in Greece.
The US president says Israel should allow full access for aid to reach Gaza for six to eight weeks.
Chinese leader using meeting with Ma Ying-jeou to promote peaceful 'reunion' as only alternative to annexation, say analysts
Former "Howard Stern Show" writer Elisa Jordana is apologizing after a video of her hitting her alleged boyfriend went viral.
"For a while I was self conscious about it but then I just sort of embraced it," porn star Johnny Sins said about his short hair cut.
Next time you fly through MCI, your favorite university or barbecue dish could help guide the way. Find out how.
Bunuelos and pork rolls keep the community rock n' rollin' through the weekat La Bodega and Paris Bánh Mì.
Travis Kelce confessed he doesn't know how he started dating his girlfriend Taylor Swift during the latest episode of his podcast, New Heights.
PH Coffee, located on 2200 Lexington Ave, is gearing up to host their highly anticipated annual customer appreciation day on April 20th, from 7 a.m....
Higher chance of scattered showers farther east of the metro across central Missouri
Steve Aoki - Everything You Do is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management