Taylor Swift wasn't popular with fellow students while at high school after her rapid rise to fame, according to a 'former classmate'.
The Blank Space hitmaker was reportedly 'hated' by jealous pupils at Hendersonville High School in Nashville, Tennessee back in 2006. Taylor grew up in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania and moved to Tennessee when she was 14.
She moved to pursue her country music career and was at the school for two-and-a-half years before getting her first big break. Alleged former freshman Jessica McLane, now 30, has now taken to TikTok, detailing her knowledge of the then-junior, now 34.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift looks downcast at dinner after Golden Globes joke amid calls for boycott
"I went to the same high school as Taylor Swift, we grew up in the same town," she said in a video which has now been seen millions of times. When she first started becoming super successful, most people hated her. Keep in mind, these are her peers, this isn't, like, just random people on the internet. There were not a lot of people in high school who had nice things to say about her ... There were general rumours about her being b***hy. [People would say], "She said this, she said that, she was mean."'
Taylor released her self-titled debut album in October 2006, catapulting her to fame and fortune after hitting number five on the US Billboard 200 list, remaining in the charts for more than 150 weeks, all while at Hendersonville High School.
Jessica claims it was her career take off that sparked fury from "jealous" classmates who would spread rumours. "Jealousy was definitely a thing," she admitted. "The 16, 17-year-olds who were trying to have a career in music at Hendersonville were playing downtown or at the local coffee shop, not winning awards.
"It's not that these people weren't talented, it's just that most people don't make it. Also, back then, Taylor didn't have as good of control over her voice as she does now, so there were a lot of people in high school who [felt they] were vocally a lot better."
She claimed that guys who'd inspired Taylor's songs were fuming about the songs written about them, adding: "Also, the guys she was writing these songs about they were still in school, they were still there. And now they have a hit song about them talking about what a s**ty boyfriend they are, you know?"
Months after these alleged incidents, Taylor left the school and graduated from home before becoming a world sensation. "As we all know, 2009 is the year that she killed the game. She invited us to the CMAs to say f**k you," Jessica claimed. "And we deserved it. So to Taylor, touché, that was a good one," she admitted in the viral clip.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.