by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	It seems like Taylor Swift is buddies with everyone in Hollywood, but there’s no bigger bond than between her and her two BFFs: Blake Lively and Selena Gomez. However, some eagle-eyed fans have noticed that we never see Gomez and Lively together when Swift is out with one of them. Apparently, the two are feuding, and it allegedly may lead to Swift cutting one of them out of her life.

	










	Insiders told Life and Style Magazine that Swift is tired of dealing with Lively and Gomez’s rivalry.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Insiders Reveal Why Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce Are Opting Out of Going Out With Pals ‘As of Late'		
	










	“Taylor’s tried many times to broker peace between these two divas, but they won’t play nice,” the insider said. “She thinks it’s silly the way they carry on, especially since the two don’t even know where all this hating began. Taylor feels like she’s doing a juggling act in a circus to keep them both happy, but her patience is wearing thin.”



	The insider, and close sources, added that Swift typically hangs with Lively when it comes to partying and going out, and hangs with Gomez on more low-key serious outings; and this has allegedly added more to the feud.



	The insider said, “Truth is, Selena’s insanely jealous of Taylor’s friendship with Blake. Blake was on hand to help Taylor celebrate her birthday in December, and Selena was seething about it for weeks.”

	They added, “Selena and Blake are extremely petty sometimes and it stresses out Taylor. Either they start getting along or one of them will have to go!”

	Sources also told this to DailyMail via TheNews earlier this month, saying that “Taylor knows not to mix Blake and Selena in the same room,” and that each friend is a different vibe.

	For those who don’t know, Swift has been pals with Lively since 2015. Since then, they’ve been thicker than thieves: going to numerous parties, happenings, and more together; and Lively even directed Swift’s “I Bet You Think About Me” music video.

	As for Swift and Gomez, they’ve been pals since 2008 after both of them were dating one of the Jonas Brothers. They’ve been on red carpet events aplenty, have supported each other throughout their careers, and are as close as can be.
Before you go, click here to see celebrity co-stars who became best friends. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.