Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Jeffrey Wright also stars in the English-language reinterpretation of Akira Kurosawa's 1963 crime thriller.

							By 

	Ryan Gajewski

Senior Entertainment Reporter

Ice Spice is branching out into acting with a part in Spike Lee‘s forthcoming feature High and Low, which will reunite the filmmaker with Denzel Washington. 

	The rapper is set to appear in a cameo role that she has begun shooting for the project that is an English-language reinterpretation of Akira Kurosawa’s 1963 crime thriller of the same name. Apple Original Films and A24 are behind Lee’s High and Low, which also stars Jeffrey Wright and Ilfenesh Hadera. 



	Ice Spice was nominated for four Grammys at this year’s ceremony, including best new artist. “Barbie World,” her song with Nicki Minaj, was featured on the Barbie soundtrack. Ice Spice has also had prominent collaborations with artists including Taylor Swift as she gears up to release her debut studio album, Y2K, later this year. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Tony Awards Nominations: Denzel Washington and Jake Gyllenhaal's 'Othello' Shut Out Despite Strong Ticket Sales		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'The Iron Claw': Kerry Von Erich's Daughter Says A24 Film Is "So Inaccurate That It Was Heart-Wrenching"		
			








	A24 posted a photo to X (formerly Twitter) on Wednesday of Lee and Washington, along with the caption, “No. 5 now in production,” as High and Low marks the fifth film collaboration for the pair. Their previous films together were Inside Man (2006), He Got Game (1998), Malcolm X (1992) and Mo’ Better Blues (1990). 

	Kurosawa’s 1963 movie focused on a Japanese shoe executive faced with a difficult decision amid a high-stakes corporate takeover when his chauffeur’s son is kidnapped. The movie was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for best foreign film. 

	Lee’s High and Low was developed and produced by A24, Escape Artists and Mandalay Pictures, with Lee and Alan Fox credited for the script. A24 will release the feature theatrically ahead of its streaming debut on Apple TV+. 

Variety was first to report Ice Spice’s casting. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Get the scoops first! Breaking news and interviews on comics, sci-fi, horror and more
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.