As much as we love the idea of finding a signature scent, the thousands of perfumes on the market can make it an overwhelming experience. And while picking out a fragrance is a deeply personal experience, it never hurts to look to your favorite celebs for inspiration.
Many of our favorite stars are known to love certain high-end scents, but you don't have to break the bank to smell like them. To help you out, we've searched the internet high and low for affordable alternatives to coveted celeb-approved fragrances from KILIAN Paris, Byredo, Jo Malone and more. 
From Taylor Swift's sultry vanilla scent to Rihanna's mouthwatering marshmallow, here's how to smell like a celebrity for less. 
Multiple outlets have reported that both Taylor Swift and Harry Styles are fans of Tom Ford’s Tobacco Vanille, which has given the perfume a celebrity status of its own. Heady, smokey vanilla notes have people ponying up as much as $450 a bottle for the swoon-worthy scent.
For all the love, it's unsurprising that the TOM FORD site says this smokey vanilla scent is a best seller. 
$195 and up
This Tobacco Vanille-inspired scent has notes of amber, spice, tobacco, vanilla and wood.
$49
Olivia Rodrigo confirmed in a GQ  interview that Maison Francis Kurkdijan's ultra-popular Baccarat Rouge 540 is among the top 10 things she can't live without. 
"I never was super into perfume before I smelled this one and I'm like, this is the one for me," said Rodrigo about this cedar, saffron and amber fragrance. "I don't love smelling like candy or flowers or something, but this just smells like you could maybe possibly just naturally smell this way if you're an angel or something."
$325
$325
We have to agree with the singer — Baccarat Rouge 540 smells downright heavenly. But if you're not willing to shell out several hundreds of dollars on her signature scent, affordable fragrance brand Perfame offers a nearly identical-smelling perfume for under $50.
Maison Francis Kurkdjian's Baccarat Rouge 540 is one of TikTok's favorite scents, but spending over $300 on a perfume might be out of the question. Perfame's impression of the sultry saffron, cedar and amber scent is a budget-friendly alternative.  
$49
According to beauty influencer and fragrance savant Jackie Aina, Rihanna's go-to perfume is Love, Don't Be Shy from French parfumier KILIAN. Just like RiRi, the megastar's alleged signature scent is expensive, sexy and addictively sweet.
Rihanna's rumored signature scent is luxury French perfume house KILIAN's Love, Don't Be Shy — a sweetly intoxicating blend of orange blossom, marshmallow and vanilla.
$290
At a fraction of the price, Dossier offers a marshmallowy orange blossom scent that's nearly identical to Rihanna's beloved perfume.
$39
Rihanna isn't KILIAN's only famous fan. According to an anonymous source, Beyoncé scent-to-shop is Angels' Share by KILIAN Paris. It has been reported that the Alien Superstar picked up a bottle of the luxury perfume while in London for the UK leg of her Renaissance tour. Needless to say, we're not surprised by her immaculate taste.
Sultry and decadent, this cognac-based fragrance smells like an expensive apple pie with notes of oak, Tonka bean, cinnamon, sandalwood and vanilla. Angels' Share is truly unisex, thanks to its balance of warm spices and aromatic woods. If you want to turn heads without smelling sickly sweet, Angels' Share is a worthy signature scent.
$245
TikTok has crowned Kismet Angel from Maison Alhambra the most similar scent to Beyoncé's alleged go-to perfume. While Kismet Angel features a base of dark chocolate instead of sandalwood, they smell almost identical once they've dried on the skin.  
$43 $39
From "strawberry girl makeup" to "glazed donut nails," Hailey Bieber is one of the most influential celebs on the beauty front. In an interview with Harper's Bazaar, she revealed that her go-to scent for the last several years has been Ex Niholo's Fleur Narcotique which, no doubt, has been flying off the shelves ever since.
Lush notes of lychee, bergamot, jasmine, orange blossom and musk work in harmony with Hailey Bieber's minimalist style.
$245
"Absolutely scrumptious! I’m addicted after the first spray," one reviewer praised this Dossier fragrance impression. "The best balance of floral and woody I’ve ever experienced. Seriously lasts forever. Even after I shower I can faintly smell it on my skin."
$39
According to Hello! India, Priyanka Chopra wears this warm, sweet gourmand scent. 
With notes of amber, jasmine, peach and vanilla, this warm, sweet scent seems like it fits Priyanka's chic style. 
$141
Priyanka also wears Trussardi Donna, but this one happens to be just $52. With notes of jasmine, citrus, and vanilla, we see a pattern in her scent picks. 
$57 $52
Both Adele and Chrissy Tiegan have been linked to Dior Hypnotic Poison. The notes of amber, vanilla and jasmine sound lovely in this popular, spicy gourmand. 
According to an interview with 60 Minutes Australia, Dior Hypnotic Poison has been Adele's signature scent since she was 15 and smelled it on a classmate. 
$85
Though $85 for Dior’s version is not the most pricey of celebrity perfumes compared to others, we still heard great things about a similar scent – which ironically is made by another celebrity, Christina Aguilera. For just over $20 you can grab this well-rated perfume that people seem to really love.
$22
Reese Witherspoon has said that she wears Aerin Lauder's Amber Musk, saying “I don't go anywhere without a spritz." It seems like a classic, warm, sheer fragrance that would suit the star well. 
The scent is said to be slightly sweet and musky and smells like how a cashmere sweater feels, so a hug of a perfume. The brand calls it a bestseller. 
$150
For a little more than the cost of a latte, you can score this spicy amber oil that according to a Reddit thread is a longer-lasting and slightly more amber version of the The Morning Show actress’s favorite. 
$12 $10
Want to smell like a supermodel? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is quite the perfume aficionado, and her all-time favorite scent is Byredo's Gypsy Water. "I love this because it's so easy to wear," she said on her YouTube channel. "I can wear it all through the day, I can wear it in the evening and get tons of compliments on it."
A celebration of nature, this popular woody fragrance blends refreshing bergamot and juniper berries with smoky incense, clean pine needles and grounding sandalwood.
$205 $174
This imitation of Gypsy Water features the same notes of invigorating citrus and earthy pine, sandalwood and incense.
$49
"Quiet luxury" influencer Sofia Richie is all about timeless elegance, so it's no wonder she favors fragrances from Jo Malone. The storied London-based perfume house counts Duchess Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton among its fans. As a Jo Malone partner, Richie couldn't pick just one signature scent from the brand — in a TikTok, she layers English Pear and Freesia with Nectarine Blossom & Honey for an uplifting summery aroma.
Like a spring garden in a bottle, this fragrance combines just-ripe pears and white freesias with patchouli and woods.
$165
This Jo Malone imitation scent is like biting into a ripe, juicy pear.
$29
Succulent nectarine, peach and cassis, and delicate flowers melt into the note of acacia honey for a sweet yet sophisticated scent. 
$165
Try out Sofia Richie's signature scent combo for less with this Jo Malone-inspired perfume.
$29
And we can't forget about the boys — film darling Paul Mescal told GQ that he fell in love with Le Labo's AnOther 13 after he bought it for a fellow set member and ended up keeping it for himself. The unisex fragrance is beloved on TikTok for its cozy notes of ambroxyde, a synthetic animal musk, blended with pear, jasmine and citrus.
Want to smell like Oscar nominee and style savant Paul Mescal? Reach for Le Labo's intoxicating ambroxan and musk AnOther 13.
$107-$335
TikTok has crowned this scent from Floral Street as the best smell-alike for Le Labo AnOther 13 with similar notes of musk and jasmine, plus the addition of creamy coconut.
$89
RELATED CONTENT
Gifts
Sales & Deals
Beauty & Wellness
Beauty & Wellness
Beauty & Wellness
Sponsored by Mugler