News | Apr 10, 2024 
knicoletti@vaildaily.com
When Marcus Linial couldn’t get tickets to Taylor Swift for his daughters, a college friend — who also couldn’t score tickets for his kids — asked if he’d consider putting together a Swift tribute show.
Linial, founder of ML Presents, had already been in the tribute band world for 17 years. He began producing tribute shows when he owned live music venues in New York City and couldn’t book legendary bands because they were too busy playing larger arenas.
But he had always specialized in decade-driven tribute bands, focusing on eras like disco or the ’80s — not on one specific band. Still, he took a chance on Taylor’s incredible popularity. Last July, he produced two shows in New York — one at Daryl’s House and another at The Paramount, the latter of which holds 1,500 people. Tickets went on sale five weeks prior, and each sold out. That’s when he knew he was onto something.
He chose Emily Victoria, the lead singer of his ’90s tribute band, to sing Swift’s songs. Now, he can hardly keep up with Swifties’ demand, including bracelets, of which he orders 200 every other week.
“The reaction has been crazy. We’re a small operation that got busy very quickly,” he said. “It’s basically a room full of people who love the same music. I compare it to the Deadheads. It’s a totally different crowd and music, but the addiction for the music and for the band is the same.”
Swift dance parties for 18- or 21-year-olds and older have popped up throughout cities, but Linial’s production attracts younger girls and their moms. While the main age group ranges from 7 to 14, even 15 to 17-year-olds, particularly from suburbs (as opposed to big cities) are drawn to the scene.
“We’re playing some really cool venues. It has been a different show for smaller venues that don’t usually draw younger crowds, and they’re happy that it brings in a new crowd — a new generation of music fans,” he said. “For a lot of these kids, it’s the first concert they’ve been to. A lot of these kids have not seen Taylor live.”
Though Victoria doesn’t look exactly like Swift, she wears a long blonde wig and changes outfits four to five times while the band engages the audience with a song from the likes of the Jonas Brothers, Olivia Rodrigo or Harry Styles.
“Vocally, from show one to, now, 60 shows in, Victoria has gotten the Taylor thing down. She has studied Taylor and sounds like her, and she’s gotten the dance moves down — the facial expressions and hand movements. She really captures it,” Linial said. “And, she’s one of the nicest people I know, and that really comes out. Within one or two songs, you feel like you know her.”
Sometimes, the tour includes dancers, though they won’t be coming to Colorado. Still, it’s a high-energy production.
“We put on a great show. It really has become like a big sing-a-long. Sometimes, it’s hard to hear Emily because the crowd is so loud,” he said. “That’s the thing about tribute bands: You’re either in it or not. You know you’re not seeing the real thing … but the kids and parents are having a great time.”
And, unlike Swift, Victoria is able to meet every single fan that wants to talk after the show, even if it takes an hour and 15 minutes, he said.
“Even my 16- and 18-year-old daughters want to come to the show,” he said. “It’s just been a very positive experience. Everyone’s leaving there happy.”

May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 28, 2025


May 1, 2025


May 1, 2025


Bilingual Information Service Representative $21.78/hr 29.41/hr Full Time / Year Round Free Medical, dental & vision 10% Retirement Match Four…


Company: GH Sands Construction Job Title: Superintendent Location: Eagle County, Colorado Job Start: ASAP Job Type: Full-Time, Year Round, In…


Appointment Scheduler Avon, CO Job Type Full-time Description About the Steadman Clinic: Join The Steadman Clinic Team and embark on…


Catholic Charities Housing Now Hiring a Site Manager in Glenwood Springs, CO Salary: $56485-$64000 Machebeuf Apartments and Benedict Apartment. OUR…


Fleet Care Technician $25.50hr to $35.97hr • Full Time / Year Round • Free Medical, dental & vision • 10%…


NOW HIRING Project Manager, Superintendent and Pre-construction Manager $100,000 - $150,000 annually plus benefits At RA Nelson, we’re more than…


Advocate Position Summary: Under the direction of Bright Future Foundation’s Advocacy and Housing Supervisor, the Advocate will support the mission…


Full Time, capable to lift 50 lbs. Deliver Vail to Gypsum. Includes benefits and a ski pass. $17-22 per hour.…


IT'S TIME TO BEGIN YOUR STORY WITH FOUR SEASONS VAIL Current Openings: Lead Host, Host, Lead Concierge, Guest Experience Specialist,…


Insurance Specialist Avon, CO Job Type Full-time Description About the Steadman Clinic Join The Steadman Clinic Team and embark on…


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025

Sign up for daily and breaking news headlines.
Manage Subscriptions

May 1, 2025

Kentucky Derby Parties The 151st Kentucky Derby is set for Saturday at 4:57 p.m. and here are a few places you can go for watch parties: Lookout Bar at Westin Riverfront in Avon Celebrate the Kentucky...

Apr 17, 2025

Easter events in the Vail Valley Church services An Easter tradition that’s been going on for over 30 years is the Vail Mountain Easter Sunrise Service bright and early on Sunday morning. This takes place...

Apr 10, 2025

Après Madness Championship Party at Avanti F&B The NCAA College Basketball Tournament may have crowned a champion on Monday, but Friday is when you can congratulate this year’s winner of Vail’s own form of competition:...

Apr 3, 2025

Après at The Amp For its third year in a row, the Gerald R. Ford Amphitheater has proven that it’s not just a summer venue. Each April a huge crowd comes out – rain, snow,...

Mar 27, 2025

Mania: The ABBA Tribute ABBA, the Swedish pop band that took the world by storm in the 1970s and early 1980s with its hits “Waterloo,” “Take a Chance on Me” and “Dancing Queen,” will virtually...

Jobs


Classifieds


Autos


Real Estate


Rentals


Service Directory


Pets


Merchandise


Legals


Place Legal Ad


Search Legal Ads


Farm & Ranch


Recreation


Announcements


Contact Us


Become a Carrier


Submissions


Advertise


Submit an Obituary


Commercial Print Sales


RSS


Magazines


Vail Daily E-Edition


Daily Weekly E-Edition


Eagle Valley E-Edition


Newsletters


Cookie List


Do not sell my personal information


Events in Vail today and tomorrow


Events in Vail this week


Events in Vail within two weeks


Aspen-Snowmass


Breckenridge-Summit County


Craig-Moffat County


Glenwood Springs-Rifle


Park City-Utah


Steamboat Springs-Routt County


Winter Park-Granby-Grand County


Printing Press Jobs

©2005 - 2025 Swift Communications, Inc.