By 

	Larisha Paul


	The great philosopher Ice Spice once said: “How can I lose if I’m already chose?” The Bronx rapper’s affirmations have manifested into the kind of big screen acting debut that young actors often dream of. According to Variety, Ice Spice will act alongside Denzel Washington in Spike Lee‘s forthcoming film High and Low, produced and developed by A24.

	Currently in production, High and Low reinterprets Akira Kurosawa’s crime thriller of the same name from 1963. The film is set for a theatrical release before entering the streaming ecosystem via Apple TV+. It also marks the first reunion of Lee and Washington in nearly two decades. The pair last collaborated as director and actor on Inside Man in 2006. 

	Apple Original Films posted a teaser for High and Low earlier today, April 10, sharing a photo of Lee and Washington both flashing five fingers at the camera. The film will be their fifth together, joining Inside Man (2006), Mo’ Better Blues (1990), Malcolm X (1992), and He Got Game (1998). 

	









No. 5 now in production pic.twitter.com/H3hB0U4bLi

	Ice Spice’s filmography is only just beginning to take shape as the film comes together, but her musical discography is already filled with hits. The rapper is planning on releasing her debut album Y2K this year as a follow-up to her 2023 blockbuster EP Like…? and her Grammy Award-nominated appearance on Taylor Swift’s “Karma” remix. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	But a stint in Hollywood never felt out of reach for the Bronx native, who has detailed being drawn to the art form of film. “I love movies. I always wanted to be a part of that, whether it was [starring in] or helping direct it,” Ice Spice told Teen Vogue in June 2023. She tried to convince her mom to let her attend a performing arts school that specialized in filmmaking, but the idea was vetoed. 

	“I was mad salty about that for years,” she admitted, adding: “I remember for a long time I was so tight. I was like, I could have been the biggest director out of New York. The fuck?”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.