By Author Tyler Johnson


Published: Aug 30, 2024 at 4:04 PM • Category Taylor Swift 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
There were times last season when some very cantankerous NFL fans were calling for Taylor Swift to be banned from all league events.
They argued that the pop icon was ruining the game with her very presence, as she created a distraction that stole focus from events on the field.
As you’re likely aware, Taylor attended numerous Kansas City Chiefs games for the purpose of cheering on her boyfriend, tight end Travis Kelce.
The gripes were ridiculous, of course, but the NFL is the most dominant force on American television, and when enough fans complain, the powers that be tend to pay attention.
But despite some surprisingly widespread rumors to the contrary, Taylor has not been banned by the league.
And it’s safe to say the NFL never even seriously considered such a move.
There are many reasons for this, the first and most obvious being that Taylor hasn’t done anything to merit such a punishment.
If you’ve ever been to a professional football game in America, you know that drunkenness and bad behavior are pretty widespread among fans.
Despite those circumstances, lifetime bans are exceedingly rare.
So if the league is hesitant to kick out fans who are actually creating problems, why would they remove Taylor simply because broadcast producers can’t stop themselves from turning their cameras toward her booth?
On top of the fact that she’s never made a nuisance of herself at a Chiefs game, Taylor is actually good for the NFL’s business. Very good, in fact.
Super Bowl LVIII, in which Kelce’s Chiefs pulled off an overtime win against the San Francisco 49ers, was the most-watched game in NFL history.
And industry analysts believe that that’s partially due to the Taylor Swift Effect.
Swifties who had never previously watched a football game began tuning in throughout the season in the hopes of catching a glimpse of their queen.
Needless to say, the league is likely in no rush to ban a woman who’s turned out to be a bigger ratings draw than Patrick Mahomes.
It’s too early to say if Taylor’s impact will remain in effect for next season or if the novelty will have worn off by then.
Of course, if Eras Tour ticket prices are any indication, Swifties will do just about anything to see Taylor in an outdoor stadium.
And speaking of the Chiefs’ quarterback …
In a recent interview with the NFL on NBC, Mahomes said that Taylor has become a real student of the game.
“She’s really interested in football. She asks a lot of great questions,” said Mahomes, according to OK! magazine.
Mahomes joked that Taylor is “already drawing up plays” for the Chiefs, adding, “So we might have to put one in.”
Mahomes also gushed about “how genuine and cool she is” and praised the manner in which she’s managed to make football more interesting and accessible to a wider audience.
“It’s been cool to see the girls and the women that have really embraced watching football,” Mahomes said.
“I know being a girl dad, how cool it is for me to see these little girls and daughters and how much they’re loving spending time with their dad watching football,”
A new NFL season is just around the corner, and we’re guessing fans will be tuning in on Week 1 to see if the Chiefs’ number one fan is seated in her usual luxury box.
And who knows? By then, it might be Travis’ fiancee cheering him on from the stands!
Okay, that probably won’t happen in the next week. But we can dream!
‘Sister Wives’ House For Sale: See ‘Ugly’ & ‘Cringe’ $1.65 Million …
Nikki Bella Breaks Silence On Artem Chigvintsev’s Arrest: Her ‘Private’ …