It'll be two decades before the next total solar eclipse hits the US.
Another option: hop on a plane to Europe and turn the 2026 total solar eclipse into a viewing vacation.
Eclipse cartographer Michael Zeiler at GreatAmericanEclipse.com told Space.com that up to 3.7 million people likely traveled for the solar eclipse on Monday.
HotelPlanner's chief communication officer, Philip Ballard, told Business Insider that the eclipse was a major revenue generator for many cities. For places like Austin, Texas, and Rochester, New York, it could have created $1 billion in revenue, Vox reported.
"I would say the total solar eclipse has become a global phenomenon," Ballard said.
Ballard added that the next solar eclipse, which will pass through Iceland, Greenland, and Spain on August 12, 2026, could result in similar tourism and revenue influxes.
And if travelers are considering a trip to Europe for the solar eclipse, Ballard recommends planning your trip now.
According to Space.com, 2026 will be Europe's first total solar eclipse in 27 years. Its path will go through Greenland, parts of western Iceland, and northern Spain.
Choosing where to watch the eclipse will be a tough and important decision for travelers.
Iceland and Greenland have some positives. These regions will experience longer totality times, so viewers can watch the eclipse longer. Plus, the sun will be higher in the sky, so finding a spot to watch the eclipse will be less challenging, Space.com reported.
The downside is that these regions are more likely to be cloudy, according to the outlet.
While parts of Spain are likely to offer clearer skies, the eclipse's timing will be shorter and closer to the horizon, which means travelers will need to plan and track down a viewing location with unobstructed views of the western horizon, Space.com reported.
Regardless of the destination, according to the outlet, one bonus is that the strongest meteor shower in the Northern Hemisphere will happen the following night, so travelers can pack two events into one trip.
Ballard encouraged people to book their hotels in their destination of choice as far in advance as possible.
"You should start looking now and booking hotels now because those cities in the path are already going to be at peak season," Ballard said.
Ballard said it's similar to when a Super Bowl city is determined or a Taylor Swift tour date is announced — you immediately see spikes in bookings. He predicts hotel occupancy rates will hit near-record highs, and room prices may double around the solar eclipse date.
Ballard's general rule of thumb is to book international travel at least three months in advance, but since this is such an anticipated event, booking earlier is smart. His advice is to start discussing plans with friends and family. If you decide on a destination, book a refundable room to keep your options open if plans change.
Regarding purchasing a plane ticket, a study from Expedia states that international travel's sweet spot is at least six months in advance.
According to Expedia, travelers who book six months in advance save an average of 10% more than travelers booking within two months or less.
Another option is to let a tour operator do the work for you. A handful of tour companies have seen the increased interest in the solar eclipse and launched tours designed around the event.
These tours will have predetermined locations to view the eclipse, hotel blocks reserved, and itineraries highlighting both the region and the eclipse.
However, these can sell out quickly. For example, Space and Telescope created an 11-day tour of Spain around viewing the 2026 solar eclipse. The tour has already sold out as of Wednesday, and the waitlist is full.
Other operators, such as Wilderness Travel and Eclipse Traveler, have similar itineraries for the total eclipse in 2026.
Jump to