The Barbie actor said his pick has a "real soft spot" in his heart.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Ryan Gosling is a Swiftie onscreen and off — and so is his Fall Guy costar Emily Blunt. In an interview with Fandango posted on YouTube Tuesday (April 9), the two actors revealed their favorite Taylor Swift songs while discussing their new film alongside director David Leitch and stunt doubles Ben Jenkins and Logan Holladay. 

	During one scene in Fall Guy — in which the Barbie star portrays Colt, a stuntman who’s in love with film director Jody Moreno, played by the Oppenheimer actress — Jody catches Colt crying while listening to the pop star’s “All Too Well” alone in his car. When asked whether he or his character is a bigger Swiftie, Gosling replied in the third person, “Oh, Ryan Gosling.”  

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Oh, my God, yeah,” Blunt agreed, adding that she’s also a fan of Swift. “Who isn’t?” 

	The two went on to share their personal favorite tracks in the 14-time Grammy winner’s discography, with Gosling revealing, “‘All Too Well’ right now has a real soft spot in my heart.” 

	“I’d say ‘Cruel Summer’ is pretty up there for me,” added Blunt. 

	Both of the stars’ picks are widely loved by Swift’s fanbase, with each song reaching No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 at different points in time. The 10-minute version of “All Too Well” became the longest song to ever rule atop the chart in 2021, and “Cruel Summer” spent four weeks at the summit in 2023, a full four years after Swift released Lover.  

	Watch Gosling and Blunt discuss their favorite Swift tracks, Fall Guy and more above. The film arrives May 3.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.