Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Loot‘s spectacular soundtracks may not feature a single Taylor Swift song, but Season 2 of the Apple TV+ comedy dedicates an entire episode to the 34-year-old singer and her adoring fans, the Swifties.
One of several storylines in Season 2, Episode 3, “Vengeance Falls,” explores Howard’s (Ron Funches) growing suspicion that Sofia (Michaela Jaé Rodriguez) is a — gasp — secret Swiftie.
Despite Sofia’s repeated denial, Howard’s evidence seems ironclad, and as the episode progresses, Loot unveils a delightful ode to Swift, stressing the gravity of her sensational star power and accomplished career by referencing song titles, records, concerts, and more.
With Swift’s stardom hovering at new heights in 2024, the episode feels incredibly timely and intentional, but co-creator Alan Yang revealed the Swiftie scenes have — to quote “Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince” — been a long time coming.
“That episode was conceived and written two years ago, which is just crazy. Because in the ensuing months and years Taylor Swift has only grown in popularity. She did the Eras tour, she started dating Travis Kelce, she’s at the Super Bowl. She just became the world’s most famous person,” Yang told Decider during a Zoom interview.
So who do we have to thank for the this iconic Loot era? Writer and proud Swiftie April Korto Quioh, who pitched the idea. “She loves Taylor Swift, so she was supplying a lot of this information and the weird clues and stuff that we are clueless about,” Yang explained. “So we’re very happy with how that episode turned out.”
The Swiftie investigation starts with a notification, simultaneously blasted to Howard, Ainsely (Stephanie Styles), and Sofia’s phones during a team meeting. Howard and Ainsely delight in news that Taylor Swift 2023 concert tickets are available for Verified Fan Club members, and as Sofia throws up a seemingly celebratory fist pump, Howard starts to wonder if she got the same alert. Instead, Sofia defensively claims she received news that a typhoon is about to hit Burma (now known as Myanmar), saying she was simply fist pumping “in solidarity.” Suuuure, Sofia.
After the meeting, Howard shares his theory with his colleagues, explaining that Sofia also gave them  July 12 off, the same day Taylor is playing California’s SoFi Stadium. (In reality, she performed at SoFi in August, which would have been an iconic detail for Loot to nail. But alas!) The group acknowledges Taylor Swift is so famous that not only does Arthur know who she is, but he loves her songs about “not letting the haters get you down,” so they can’t understand why Sofia would hide her love for the certified star.
Howard sets out to crack the mystery, showing up to work wearing a “SWIFTIE EST. 1989” shirt and apologizing to Sofia for dropping the ball on his presentation. “I feel terrible about it, and I really hope we can just shake it off,” he says. “I don’t want there to be any bad blood between us.” After Sofia survives his tests, he spells it out for her, only to hear, “I don’t listen to Taylor Swift. I listen to podcasts about systemic racism and urban decay.” Even after Howard says they can put on Red and see how many songs they can make it through without crying (his record is 2.25), Sofia tells him to get back to work. With a final Swift reference, he says, “You need to calm down.”
At their next meeting, Howard steps up to present his Space For Everyone slideshow only to unveil an elaborate project titled “Proof Sofia is a Swiftie.” He calls attention to the five personal days Sofia over eight years, each lining up with a Tay-specific event — from her 2015 Petco Park performance to her 2017 social media blackout to Reputation‘s drop. (In a delightful twist, four of the five dates — aside from the aforementioned SoFi Stadium — check out.)
Sofia wastes no time shutting Howard down and sharing that she’s taking July 12 off because her great aunt Lucia is having heart surgery. Naturally, Howard feels horrible, so he heads to her house later that night to apologize. When Sofia leaves the room for a moment, he investigates her records and finds “a collectible green vinyl pressing” of Taylor Swift’s ninth studio album evermore, hidden in a Marvin Gaye record sleeve. Success.
“You’re right. I am a Swiftie,” Sofia reluctantly admits. “But people would judge me. I’m a 32-year-old Afro-Latina trying to be taken seriously. People are always looking to question my authority…you and I know that’s the truth. Do you think I like hiding these? Do you think I like creating a fake end of year playlist? And slappin’ jazz on it?” Howard “Swiftie Swears” to keep her secret and the two put on Midnights for a night of discussing The Karma Theory, bringing the delightful storyline to a close.
In real life, Michaela Jaé Rodriguez is a self-proclaimed Midnights fan, but admits Sofia is much more of a Swiftie than she’ll ever be. “I do listen to Taylor Swift a good amount, and I think she’s a fantastic songwriter,” Rodriguez told Decider over Zoom. “I love to make sure that people get to understand her and can really see what it’s like in a day in the life of a true Swiftie.” 
As for co-creators Alan Yang and Matt Hubbard, while they love the idea of Sofia hiding Swift records in jazz and Kendrick Lamar sleeves, they’re just happy they had “other people to help pick up the ball” and fill their Swift blindspots.
“I still don’t know what you’re talking about,” Hubbard laughed over Zoom. “Just tell me what to type in the script and I’ll do it because it’s Taylor Swift. But I’m so glad we got to [do the episode].”
What other hilarious hijinks will Season 2 have in store? New episodes of Loot premiere Wednesdays on Apple TV+.

This story has been shared 3,913 times.
3,913


This story has been shared 2,076 times.
2,076


This story has been shared 1,265 times.
1,265


This story has been shared 678 times.
678


This story has been shared 629 times.
629


This story has been shared 566 times.
566


This story has been shared 528 times.
528


This story has been shared 475 times.
475


This story has been shared 468 times.
468


This story has been shared 426 times.
426


This story has been shared 368 times.
368


This story has been shared 295 times.
295


This story has been shared 224 times.
224


This story has been shared 212 times.
212


This story has been shared 208 times.
208