Musicians, songwriters, industry pros, and every person and company involved in music should protect their digital footprint by registering a .MUSIC domain. The team behind the effort is giving away 1 million unique domains between now and May 24th.
Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga, Spotify, UMG, Soundcloud, Ticketmaster, and Live Nation are among the established artists and music companies that have already registered their .MUSIC domains.
.Music is using trusted partners as conduits for registration, and yesterday Hypebot became one of the first to offer this service free to our community of musicians and industry professionals.
There a one-time identity verification fee of $1.99 USD per domain name. The fee is refundable if the user cannot get the domain they requested and they do not want an alternative domain name. Hypebot does not profit from this transaction.
The domain will launch globally on June 25, 2024, at retail prices set by ICANN-accredited domain registrars and resellers. But you can register your .MUSIC domain now here.
Bruce Houghton is the Founder and Editor of Hypebot, a Senior Advisor at Bandsintown, President of the Skyline Artists Agency, and a Berklee College Of Music professor.
Thank you for the useful information. I adore music. This topic is close to me because I love writing tracks. Last year I had few listeners. But after I found out about soundcloud followers buy my music became more popular. I have a lot of listeners and many share my songs.
Comments are closed.
With the internet and digital technologies driving rapid change within the music industry, articles about new releases and who has been hired and fired are no longer enough. Our up to the minute industry news alongside insightful commentary helps our readers sift through the rumors and developments to find the information they need to keep their businesses moving forward.
 Hypebot is read daily by more than 30,000 music industry professionals including executives and senior staff of music related tech firms, internet based music sites, every major label group and most indies as well as many managers, artists and members of the live music community:
Contact us for the latesst stats, ad rates and sponosorship opportunites. We also offer combined rates with MusicThinkTank.
 “I swear by Hypebot every morning over breakfast.” Derek Sivers Founder, CD Baby
 “Hypebot is the most focused music business centric resource we have.” Celia Hirschman One Little Indian, Downtown Marketing & KCRW-FM
 “Well done.” Seth Godin Marketing guru