Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce said he's still unsure how he landed pop superstar girlfriend Taylor Swift.
Rapper and actor Dave 'Lil Dicky' Burd was a special guest on the latest episode of Kelce's 'New Heights' podcast, which he co-hosts with his brother, recently retired former Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce, released on Wednesday (April 10) and expressed his support for the three-time Super Bowl champion's relationship with Swift.
"I think it’s the best thing ever,” Burd, a lifelong fan of Jason's Eagles, told Travis, claiming that the public's enamorment was due to there being something so "American" and "classic" about the couple's love.
“I appreciate that. I don’t know how I did it because she was not into sports, so I don’t know how the f**k I did it,” Travis responded.
“You did it because you called her out," Burd said, referencing Travis revealing that he attempted to give Swift a bracelet with his phone number while attending her concert at Arrowhead Stadium last summer during an episode of 'New Heights' prior to their relationship.
“Oh, I know exactly how I did it,” Travis said while laughing.
Kelce told the Wall Street Journal that he "played cupid" and ended up receiving a text from Swift soon after the episode was released last summer and the two began dating shortly after.
“It’s fun,” Travis said during the latest 'New Heights' episode. “I’m just having a blast in life, baby, just flying high. I’m enjoying it all. Bringing new lives to the football world and opening the football world up to new things.”
“Honestly, my take on it, not that you want to spend time talking about it for the five thousandth time, but I just think there is something that makes everyone feel like the world is kind of like high school, where the most popular popstar and beloved musician somehow met the most popular beloved athlete and they actually fell in love and it’s just real," Burd added. “Anyone who hates on it is a bitter loser, but I think a lot of people who you would maybe expect to hate on it, love it, and they acknowledge they love it because it’s just so — there is something so American about it …There is something classic about it.”