ByHoward Homonoff
ByHoward Homonoff,
 Contributor. 
CLEVELAND, OH - APRIL 7: Head coach Dawn Staley of the South Carolina Gamecocks is showered with ... More confetti after defeating the Iowa Hawkeyes 87-75 at the 2024 NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament championship game between Iowa and South Carolina at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse on April 7, 2024 in Cleveland, Ohio. (Photo by Thien-An Truong/ISI Photos/Getty Images)
Two words – Caitlin Clark. I’m not sure anyone or anything in the entire U.S.-centric cultural firmament has come close to garnering this level of frenetic fan attention since…well…the solar eclipse? Taylor Swift? In any case, it has been an extraordinary month for both women and men’s March Madness, also known as the NCAA college basketball tournament. In dealing with post-tournament withdrawal – wait, I have to focus on baseball now? – I found it helpful to contemplate how this wonderous stretch of athletic and cultural transformation provided some valuable lessons for the broader media ecosystem.
Viewership for the women’s NCAA tournament smashed ratings records way beyond those for women’s basketball, far outstripping the viewership of every 2023 World Series and NBA Finals game among many other signposts. There hasn’t been a hockey game with better ratings in 50 years.
In the midst of this bonanza, it may have easy to think it’s only Caitlin Clark but ultimately, for both the men and women, the success of the tournaments highlighted contributions from many key contributors. In the end, neither Iowa’s Caitlin Clark for the women nor Purdue’s Zach Edey for the men were able to will their respective teams to victory. It was a group of less-obsessed-upon stars and complementary role players that drove South Carolina and UConn to the women’s and men’s championships and into history.
Not to stretch the analogy too far, but for years the media business has over weighted its investments and expectations around a few properties and a few stars in the hopes that it would propel huge corporate success. I love this quote from Walt Disney
DIS
: “We don't make movies to make more money. We make money to make more movies.” We might be past Peak TV but spreading around the investment wealth is still a better pathway forward.
The proliferation of media choices continues to beat down the dwindling odds of any single cultural break-through, with Barbie and Oppenheimer the exceptions and not the new rule. In fact, even those behemoths demanded collaboration for their explosive success. It wasn’t Margo Robbie’s Barbie alone, it demanded her collaboration with director Greta Gerwig, Ryan Gosling’s Ken, and a brilliantly written monologue passionately delivered by America Ferrara. And Oppenheimer’s Cillian Murphy (that’s with a hard “C”) was hardly a name on the tip of the average tongue – the work itself (and its director Christopher Nolan) was the main attraction. A real star makes every one else around them stronger.
March Madness continued to show the importance of great coaching in the college game. South Carolina’s Dawn Staley coached her third women’s championship in the last 8 years. UConn’s Dan Hurley led the school to its second men’s championship in a row, and he comes from a proud coaching family with his legendary high school coaching father Bob Hurley Sr. and brother Bobby Hurley, the current coach at Arizona State. In the women’s semi-final, UConn was led by Geno Auriemma who has 11 championships on his resume and took a team decimated by injuries to the brink of the women’s final.
In media, visionary leadership is hungered for and often obsessed about it in the media business – I would bet a lot more people know who Rupert Murdoch is than the CEO of Nvidia or Microsoft
MSFT
, the largest market cap company in the U.S. And the media has been enthralled with the sturm and drang over Bob Iger’s leadership of Disney, his “retirement,” his unexpectedly short-term replacement (Bob Chapek) and subsequent return to power. But look at the leadership style from South Carolina coach Staley, who demonstrated incredible confidence and trust in the freshmen on her team. These freshmen women weren’t just waiting their turn, taking up minutes for the seniors. It was their fearless, confident play on the biggest stage that made the greatest difference in their win. How well are media’s CEOs grooming the next generation of their leadership? Have they put their lieutenants in a position to truly learn what it takes to succeed when they sit on the throne under the ultimate microscope?
Part of the joy for consumers of March Madness is how easy it is to find it and watch it, including the integration of broadcast radio and TV - the oldest forms of media we have (other than stone tablets) – with cable networks and relative newbies from mobile apps to streaming. Kudos to CBS and Warner Bros. Discovery on the men’s side, to Disney/ESPN on the women’s side and to the NCAA on both. You had constant cross-promotion of where to find the game you wanted. You could walk out of your house, jump in the car, get in line at the grocery store and sit at a Starbucks
SBUX
 without missing a beat. It’s kind of like TV Everywhere used to be – in one’s own mind. It’s time for media companies to think about a more integrated user experience across platforms and to bring the March Madness type of experience to entertainment programming.
The initial move of major media companies in creating their own direct-to-consumer streaming platforms was to cut off their content licensing to streaming competitors such as Netflix
NFLX
. Now that the attractiveness of billions of dollars in licensing fees has returned (not sure why it went away), we see studio content on a variety of platforms again although with entirely disconnected viewing environments. Beyond getting some help on finding where your favorite content is, how about creating more common user experiences across multichannel video (still over 60 million U.S. households), streaming and mobile apps, by enhancing the viewing experience for your subscribers. How about integrating the type of information on entertainment programming and casts that is available on IMDB or Rotten Tomatoes – the equivalent of checking Caitlin Clark’s stats in real time? What about an ability to call up info on prior episodes or a historical reference or two inside of an app? In a world of way too many undifferentiated streaming outlets, innovation in this area is a huge opportunity – and ultimately maybe a necessity.