Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
Guess who’s back, back again? MAC Cosmetic’s Disney collab – that’s what.
Yes, celebrating its 40th anniversary, once again our two faves are colliding – with Disney joining forces with the makeup brand we all grew up with.
It really seems dreams can come true after all…
The makeup retailer is reviving some best-sellers from previous collaborations with Cinderella, Maleficent, and Aladdin – all from the years of 2010, 2015, and 2019.
For a limited time only, you’ll be able to find the collections in selected stores and online too – and prices start from £20.
Get ready to ride the magic carpet, and rediscover the coveted colours inspired by the 2019 live-action adaptation of Disney’s Aladdin with this collection by MAC.
The products are housed in specially designed opulent packaging, inspired by the rich patterns and vibrant hues of Agrabah.
Just like her glass slippers, the 2015 Cinderella-inspired collection from MAC Cosmetics is dressed in pearlised, light lavender-blue packaging that would give Taylor Swift’s Era’s Tour outfits a run for their money.
As for the Maleficent-inspired lineup? Well, it’s back and even more wickedly gorgeous than ever before. With a tantalising trio of infamous icons from the MAC Venomous Villains collection of 2010.
Below we’ve listed some of our favourite products, but don’t expect them to be around for long – so get them before it’s too late, and you turn into a pumpkin (or something like that).
How stunning is this extremely exclusive gloss in a shimmery warm pink shade? Dressed in special-edition Disney packaging to celebrate 40 years of MAC.

Princess Jamsine would be a HUGE fan of this, we just know it.
What a GORGEOUS is this shade of lipstick?

We're obsessed with the extremely exclusive Matte Lipstick in a neutral pinky rose shade, dressed in special-edition Disney packaging to celebrate 40 years of MAC.

Wear alone or layer with the gloss from the Aladdin collab.
NEED this exclusive nine-pan eye shadow palette featuring smoky metallic and desert shades, dressed in special-edition Disney packaging to celebrate 40 years of MAC.

Light enough to pack into your handbag, you can take your look from day to night in a flash.
Oh HELLO! Is this not the perfect lip shade to find your Prince Charming? Or at least wear to a ball this season…

The extremely exclusive lustrous Lipstick in a sheer and shiny pink shade, dressed in special-edition Disney packaging to celebrate 40 years of MAC.
Layer over other eyeshadows, or press the pigment on your eyelids alone – you're going to love the extremely exclusive loose powder in a moody dark-bronze colour. 

Dressed in special-edition Disney packaging to celebrate 40 years of MAC.
Another banging palette from MAC we just HAVE to add into our collection, every shade in this six-pan eye shadow palette is wearable.

Featuring soft neutrals and glimmering golds, dressed in special-edition Disney packaging to celebrate 40 years of MAC.
Oooh la la! Perfect for the evening and date night, this shimmery plum shade is everything we've been looking for. Just like the rest of the collab, it's dressed to distress in packaging inspired by Disney’s most iconic villain to celebrate 40 years of MAC.
We can't take our eyes off this special-edition eye shadow duo – packed with two shimmery baked powders, and dressed to distress in packaging inspired by Disney’s most iconic villain to celebrate 40 years of MAC.
Ready to step into the dark side, this might be our favourite product of all. It's giving villain, with a boss b*tch attitude.

Plus the Amplified Lipstick in a bold burgundy-plum shade, is chef's kiss.
Like we said before, this collection is only around for a limited-time, so get your hands on it whilst you can – because it won’t be in stock for ever.
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: Scent-sational! This beauty box includes a FREE £55 voucher to spend on full-sized designer fragrance
Arrow
MORE: Fashionistas and shopaholics think this brand is ‘bringing the heat’ this spring – and our shopping editor agrees
Arrow
MORE: These are the sunglasses of the season – as predicted by our shopping expert (and thanks to Molly-Mae Hague)
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy