Giorgio Armani has paid tribute to fellow Italian fashion designer and “true artist” Roberto Cavalli, who has died aged 83.
Cavalli, whose death was announced by his company on Friday, became renowned in the early 1970s for his animal prints and for a sexy style that remained his trademark throughout his long career.
In a post shared by the Armani account on X, formerly Twitter, Mr Armani said: “I cannot imagine a vision of fashion more distant from mine than that of Roberto Cavalli, yet I have always had enormous respect for him: Roberto was a true artist, wild and wonderful in his use of prints, capable of transforming fantasy into seductive clothes.
“I have learnt with great sadness of his passing: his Tuscan verve will be greatly missed.”
Mr Armani pays tribute to Roberto Cavalli. pic.twitter.com/gTW4pP1T72
— Armani (@armani) April 12, 2024
Brazilian model Adriana Lima said alongside a picture of her and Cavalli on X: “Unapologetic in style & spirit. We lost a legend today. Rest in Peace, @Roberto_Cavalli”.
American singer and actress Jennifer Hudson wrote on the platform: “Roberto Cavalli was always one of my favorite designers. A true artist in every sense of the word!
“He made the world a more beautiful place and will be dearly missed. May he rest in peace!”
A host of celebrities including Maya Jama attended the Roberto Cavalli Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear shoot in February.
Last month, Dune actress Zendaya wore Cavalli at the Green Carpet Fashion Awards.
She sported a grey fringed Roberto Cavalli gown from the spring/summer 2011 collection, with a deep-V neckline and an open back.
Her Cavalli outfit at the event tapped into the resurgence of the boho trend – recently seen during Paris Fashion Week.
Last year, when Taylor Swift embarked on her long-awaited Eras tour, for the five-song section dedicated to hit album 1989, she wore a pair of beaded two-piece sets by Cavalli in magenta and green.
Part of a capsule collection designed for the tour by creative director Fausto Puglisi, the skirt and top sets were embellished with Swarovski crystals in a diamond pattern and beaded fringing.
“The design, the finishing, the hand application of each crystal and fringe has been hand crafted to match the extraordinary talent that is Taylor Swift,” an Instagram post from the Italian label read.
Beyonce’s 2016 visual album Lemonade was a cultural milestone, and one of her most iconic outfits was a yellow dress by Roberto Cavalli in the Lemonade video, which features the singer wielding a baseball bat and smashing car windows.
In the same year, Kim Kardashian sported a khaki “naked” dress by Cavalli at a Vogue Gala Dinner event.
Sex And The City’s famously fashion-first lead character Carrie Bradshaw, played by Sarah Jessica Parker, notably wore a Cavalli top in an episode of the series.
“We had that top for years in our wardrobe; I think we bought it at a sample sale,” Rebecca Weinberg, one of the SATC costume designers told InStyle last month during an interview about the show’s fashionable moments.
On the big screen, Eva Green – the first Bond girl of the Daniel Craig era – made waves in a purple Cavalli dress with a jewelled neckline.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.