Now 
44
 Fri 
80
 Sat 
80
by CHELSEA SICK | WKRC
TOPICS:
CINCINNATI (WKRC) - The University of Cincinnati's campus was buzzing when the Kelce brothers returned to their alma mater.
Travis and Jason Kelce recorded an episode of their New Heights podcast in front of a sold-out crowd at Fifth Third Arena.
It was previously announced that Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow and offensive tackle Orlando Brown Jr. would be special guests.
There were also rumors Taylor Swift would be in attendance to support her boyfriend Travis but that had not been confirmed.
Brittni Gragg and her friends were some of the first in line at 9:30 a.m. on Thursday.
"We're just big fans and we really wanted great seats," said Gragg.
Her friend, Megan Pini, wore her New Heights gear to the recording.
Pini said she's never met Travis but the Instagram fan page happens to have 164,000 followers.
Bearcat football players planned to meet with Travis and Jason before doors opened to Fifth Third Arena.
"I play O-line so Jason is going to be my favorite part of it," said Phillip Wilder, a UC football player. "They did great things in the league so them coming up here is just amazing. You get a good feeling."
UC Public Safety Lt. Robert Gutierrez said they teamed up with several police agencies for canine sweeps and traffic details. As of Thursday afternoon, Lt. Gutierrez did not know if Swift was coming.
Before the event, UC Student Emily Agostin said she thought Swift would attend the recording.
"I think it would be pretty cool if she showed up in Cincinnati. I'm going to be honest whether you like her or not, she's huge and she makes good music," said Agostin.
Both Donna and Ed Kelce attended the event. They arrived at Fifth Third Arena Thursday afternoon.
Gragg said she didn't know what to expect but was looking forward to all of it.
"I'm a big fan of Taylor obviously but a big fan of Travis and Jason. A big fan of sports and football in general," said Gragg.
The show was moved from Nippert Stadium to Fifth Third Arena because of the weather. Tickets were sold out.
Jason played football at UC from 2006 to 2010 before he was drafted by the Eagles. Travis went to UC from 2008 to 2012. He now plays for the Kansas City Chiefs. Both are Super Bowl champions.