Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Featuring the voices of Oscar-winning actress Ariana DeBose and Chris Pine, the musical comedy marks Disney's 100th anniversary.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	Disney Animation Studios celebrated its 100th anniversary last year with the premiere of Wish — and the animated musical is available to watch at home.

	Now streaming on Disney+, the film stars Oscar-winning actress Ariana DeBose as the voice of Asha, a 17-year-old girl who lives in the fictional kingdom of Rosas. The land is ruled by the sorcerer Magnifico (voiced by Chris Pine), who has the power to grant his subjects’ wishes — but as Asha discovers, he has no intention of fulfilling their dreams. When she makes a wish upon a star, she finds she has the power to save her community.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Another Simple Favor' Reunites Blake Lively and Anna Kendrick: Where to Stream the 'A Simple Favor' Sequel Online		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Kentucky Derby 2025: How to Watch the 151st Horse Racing Event Online Without Cable		
			








	The film also features the voices of Alan Tudyk (as Asha’s talking goat sidekick, Valentino), Angelique Cabral, Victor Garber, Natasha Rothwell, Jennifer Kumiyama, Evan Peters, Harvey Guillén and more.

At a Glance: How to Watch Wish Online

	Below, keep reading to find out how to watch Wish online and the best deals on Disney+ right now.

Wish is streaming exclusively on Disney+, which costs $7.99 monthly with ads or $13.99 per month without ads. One of the best deals on Disney+ subscriptions is the Disney Duo plan, which includes Disney+ and Hulu with ads for only $9.99 per month.

Wish is on sale at Prime Video for 38 percent off when you rent or 11 percent off when you buy the 4K or UHD version with bonus content. It’s also available to purchase on Apple TV and other transactional video-on-demand platforms.

	Cord-cutters who want to save on Disney+ can upgrade to the ad-supported Disney Trio Basic tier, which includes Disney+, Hulu and ESPN+ for $14.99 per month — a savings of $12 per month compared to subscribing to each streamer separately. If you prefer an ad-free experience and the ability to download content to watch offline, the Disney Trio Premium plan saves you 41 percent and includes Disney+ and Hulu without ads and ESPN+ with ads for $24.99 per month.

	All Disney+ subscriptions include access to films, TV series and more content from Disney Animation Studios, Pixar, Lucasfilm, Marvel, National Geographic and more — think all of the Avengers movies, family-friendly hits such as Frozen and Bluey (including the forthcoming special, The Sign), Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version), Elemental, Oscar-winning short film The Last Repair Shop, Percy Jackson and the Olympians, all of the High School Musical titles, The Simpsons and much more.

	Verizon Wireless subscribers can get one of the best deals on Disney+ with the Disney Bundle (Disney+ without ads and ESPN+ and Hulu with ads), which is only $10 per month — a savings of $5 monthly — with select Unlimited plans; learn more here.

	









Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.