Sabrina Carpenter is sharing some intel into her dating life. The 24-year-old "Espresso" singer opened up about her attitude toward romance in a new interview with Zane Lowe for New Music Daily. 
"I was heartbroken two years ago. I was in a really, really different mental place," she shared, not revealing who the partner in question was. "For me, that was truly my first heartbreak."
Noting that the experience made her "question everything" about herself, Carpenter shared that it's taken her some time to recover. 
"So those instincts, like the trust in yourself, just the ability to move throughout a room without questioning if other people's opinions are more important than your own," she explained. "And it just comes with time and it comes with ease."
These days, Carpenter has her confidence back, sharing, "I think there's a big difference between two years ago and now, but I'm just having fun now, which I think is the biggest difference."
It's unclear whether her comments about "having fun" are a reference to her rumored romance with Saltburn actor Barry Keoghan. 
The two stars have been caught getting flirty with one another on Instagram. And last month they were spotted together at the Vanity Fair Oscars Party in Beverly Hills, California. While the duo didn't pose together on the red carpet, they took a cheekily posed photo while partying inside. 
Carpenter and Keoghan first sparked dating rumors at the end of last year when they were seen together in a parking lot. Since then, they have been spotted together at L.A. hot spots Nobu and Luna Luna. He also sported a "Sabrina" friendship bracelet at a couple of Hollywood parties while Carpenter was busy serving as the opening act on Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Singapore.
In February, a source told ET, "Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter have been spending time together. On Friday night, the couple had dinner at Nobu before heading to the Hotel Bel-Air. Barry was also spotted at Sabrina's home over the weekend, sharing a kiss goodbye when he left."
Keoghan's last relationship was with Alyson Sandro, with whom he shares a son, Brando. The pair reportedly split in July 2023. Carpenter has previously been linked to Shawn Mendes, Griffin Gluck, Joshua Bassett, and Dylan O'Brien. 
As for Carpenter's current mindset, she told Lowe, "I want to maintain the sense of myself that really feels whole on my own. And I think that when you're searching for someone else or something else to make you feel whole, then you have more work to do. I mean, it's easier said than done."
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
Oscars
News