Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift, the power couple who've been head over heels for each other, might be hitting a rough patch.
The lovebirds, who have been sharing their romance with the world, were recently seen looking less than happy. After Kelce's Kansas City Chiefs lost to the Las Vegas Raiders on Christmas Day, it's said that the couple had their first spat. Pictures of them grimacing at each other have surfaced, and it's reported that Kelce snapped at Swift during a tense moment.
Body language expert Judi James analysed the pictures and shared her insights. She told the Mirror: "The man who has everything in terms of his career and his unbelievably lucky love life suddenly seems to have added a foul mood to that list."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Jennifer Aniston seen for the first time since pal Matthew Perry assault allegations
"The smug smile and the besotted facial expression seem to have slipped here and the grim look he is wearing renders him almost unrecognisable. To add to the suggestion that this might just be their 'first row' he is even holding a can in the hand that's between them which would act as a barrier to any PDAs."
She continued: "Maybe the dour look had nothing to do with Taylor but when you're dating an A list superstar who is happy to be seen acting like your biggest fan, and when meet-ups take time and effort to arrange you'd expect a soppy, loving grin to be plastered on his face throughout every second of their time together. It should be Kelce face-gazing Taylor but it's her watching him here. We can't see her expression but if she were smiling you should be able to see the outline of a rounded cheek, which we can't."
Judi was analysing images obtained by Daily Mail that showed the duo looking solemn in a car park. In them Travis looked glum as he looked away from his singer girlfriend.
And Judi added Taylor has clearly made her feelings for her man public so admits it his long face could be prompted by a dip in form. However, she urged him to "soak up the fact he's off form" rather than "ever blaming his relationship or making her feel to blame".
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
* An AI tool was used to add an extra layer to the editing process for this story. You can report any errors to webhomepage@mirror.co.uk
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.