by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	As much as everyone and their mothers want a fairy tale wedding between Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, it seems like that’s not in the near future. While sources originally claimed that the pair were gearing up to get engaged this summer, close insiders are singing a different tune about their romantic future. Don’t worry; there’s no sign of a breakup, but there’s also no sign of a wedding ring this early.

	










Page Six originally reported that Kelce and Swift have held off on getting engaged on Christmastime or Valentine’s Day due to public opinion, but claimed their one-year anniversary would be the time they’d get engaged. “Taylor and Travis discussed it and there is a plan,” the outlet claimed. “They will get engaged on their one-year anniversary in July.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Hilaria Baldwin Reveals Why She Was 'Ready To Walk' Away From Alec Baldwin Marriage		
	










	However, close insiders shut that rumor down real quickly.

	“Travis and Taylor have no plans on getting engaged this summer,” the insider said to Us Weekly. “Things between them are going amazing, but they haven’t even been together for a year yet and still have so much to learn about each other.”



	The insider noted that while they believe their families would be over the moon if it happened soon, they’re not taking that major step “anytime soon.”

	And hey, it’s all up to them! Some couples get engaged after only a few months, and some wait for years upon years. Each couple knows what’s best for them and their relationship, and we’re just happy Swift and Kelce seem as happy as ever!

	For those who don’t know, Kelce and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but she told fans during her Person of the Year interview that they actually got together soon after his podcast episode in July 2023. Since then, they’ve basically been inseparable!
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.