All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Hailey Bieber continues to push her casual festival style agenda at Coachella 2024.
On April 14, the 27-year-old model shared a series of photos of her “cute weekend” at the music festival, mainly showing off her seafoam green manicure, which appears to glow in the dark. As for her viral Rhode lip case, it looks as if the iPhone accessory is more versatile than advertised.
Anyway, on to Hailey Bieber's outfit. Much like Taylor Swift, who attended night two with Travis Kelce, the model opted for an all-black look, which included an oversized T-shirt, even larger, leather jacket, and zero pants. As for Coachella glam, Hailey brought back her chic brunette bob and avoided festival glitter in favor of her standard flawless makeup look.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Over on her Instagram Stories, Hailey shared a full-body mirror selfie of the look, revealing her chunky black boots and white crew socks. “The category is: comfort,” she captioned the image. It appears the model has replaced her signature diamond “B” for Bieber necklace with a blinged-out initial ring, which only serves to draw more attention to her radioactive nails—a vibrant departure from the pink pearl mani she debuted in March.
“Coachella used to be about a very bohemian and rocker vibe. It was all about cut-off shorts, cool boots, little tops, and things that channeled music,” Bieber's stylist Dani Michelle told Entertainment Tonight ahead of last year's festival. “As the festival's music and growth has evolved, so has the style of the attendees. We are seeing a little of everything.… My advice is to do less, and have great accessories.”
While Justin Bieber did not appear in Hailey's grid post, the 30-year-old pop star was seen sharing an intimate moment with his wife during Lana Del Rey's headlining set on April 12. In one TikTok video shared by Rolling Stone, Justin can be seen kissing Hailey's forehead as they swayed to the music. I don't know about you, but that doesn't scream “couple on the brink of divorce” to me.
Back in February, Hailey's father, Stephen Baldwin, sparked speculation about the state of the couple's marriage after sharing a cryptic post on his Instagram Story. At the time, Hailey seemed to shut down the rumors on her own page, though she specifically called out “blind items” from TikTok.
“Just FYI the stories and constant ‘blind items’ I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong…Made out of thin air…Come from the land of delusion…,” she wrote in February. “So I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they’re always false xx sorry to spoil it.”
In March, a source told People that there's “no truth” to the divorce rumors, adding, “They are very, very happy.” Good for them!
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices