In the wake of Iran’s missile attack on Israel, President Joe Biden has reportedly told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu not to retaliate against Iran. Now, members of Congress are weighing in on what they think is appropriate action moving forward. 
Members of Congress have been divided on the Israel-Hamas War, with some in the president’s own party criticizing his stance for being too pro-Israel. Biden recently has used stronger language with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, demanding aid be let in Gaza. In response to the attack, Biden reiterated his support for the Jewish state but told Netanyahu the United States wouldn’t be involved in any offensive actions taken against Iran.
Members are split between demanding the U.S. stay out of it, support Israel, or commit to helping a retaliation effort. 
Sen. Chris Van Hollen (D-MD), who has been critical of the Biden administration, condemned the attack and agreed with Biden that Israel should not retaliate against Iran. He said he did not want the Israel-Hamas war to spread wider into the region.
“I condemn the Iranian attack on Israel and support Israel’s right to defend itself against this aggression. I also stand with @POTUS in seeking to prevent an even wider conflict that engulfs the people of the entire region,” Van Hollen said on X.
Sen. John Fetterman (D-PA) has been a strong supporter of Israel from the Democrats. He said he disagreed with the President’s advice.
“I don’t agree with that,” Fetterman said when asked if he agreed with Biden or some senators who have called for direct military action. “I just think we should follow and have Israel’s back in the situation. I don’t agree with the President.” 
In the progressive caucus, which has been critical of the Biden administration, some members warned of greater escalation bringing the U.S. into the war.
“We can’t allow the U.S. to be dragged into war with Iran by Netanyahu’s reckless escalations. Iran’s retaliatory attack — also deeply wrong — was expected & defended against. We need de-escalation and a diplomatic solution for the safety of all people, including Americans,” Rep. Greg Casar (D-TX), caucus Whip, said on X.
“Fortunately, the retaliatory strike by Iran on Israel was mostly intercepted. But these actions following the Israeli attack in Syria is what worried me—a broader conflict bringing in the US. Everyone must stop aggressions, including in Gaza, w/ a priority on human life, not war,” Rep. Mark Pocan (D-WI), a caucus chairman, said on X.
Rep. Don Bacon (R-NE) warned that a weak response could also be dangerous and escalate tensions in the region.
“Well, there is a risk. But I think there’s a bigger risk if you respond weakly or if Israel responses weakly,” Bacon said. 
He continued that Iran may view Biden and the U.S. as weak.
“I think it will just invite Iran to escalate because they will sense weakness on our part, or fear. And I think they’ve seen that with our current president. He’s not responded forcefully, too. Hundreds of attacks against American forces in Iraq and Syria and other places in the Middle East,” he said. “And if they sense weakness, they’re gonna keep ramping up the heat in America and Israel.”
Rep. Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) said not retaliating would not be the right course of action.
“Iran has been on offense since they took Americans hostages in 1979 and they have not let up. Their long awaited unwarranted attack on Israel merits a swift response and any appeasement by our current administration is not appropriate in any way,” Wenstrup said on X.
Speaker of the House Rep. Mike Johnson (R-LA) has vowed to put a Israel aid bill on the floor for a vote.
“The House Republicans and the Republican Party understand the necessity of standing with Israel. We’re going to try again this week, and the details of that package are being put together right now. We’re looking at the options and all these supplemental issues,” Johnson told Fox News’ Maria Bartiromo on “Sunday Morning Futures.”
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER
Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) said he would prefer Johnson to put up the Senate-passed foreign package which includes money for Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan. As Johnson’s position faces a potential motion to vacate from Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, tying Ukraine aid with Israel aid could be harmful for him politically. 
“Congress should be clear: no action by Iran or Israel merits a vote on the Ukraine omnibus the Senate seeks,” Rep. Warren Davidson (R-OH) said on X.