"If they don't win it or get to the Super Bowl, people are going to say, 'That's why,'" the legendary quarterback said.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


	Legendary quarterback Brett Favre believes that Taylor Swift may take the blame if the Kansas City Chiefs don’t make it to the Super Bowl this year.

	The Pro Football Hall of Famer was recently asked if he thinks that the pop superstar has become a “distraction” for Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce amid the couple’s highly publicized romance in recent months.

	“I think it’ll be a distraction if they don’t make it to the Super Bowl,” Favre tells TMZ.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The former Green Bay Packers star, who won the Super Bowl in 1997, star added, “If they don’t win it or get to the Super Bowl, people are going to say, ‘That’s why.'”

	










	Favre is confident, however, that the Chiefs have a pretty good shot at making the championship game, which will place at Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium on Feb. 11. Grammy-winning R&B icon Usher has been tapped to headline the 2024 Super Bowl Halftime Show presented by Apple Music.

	“Until someone proves me otherwise, I think they’ll go all the way,” he said.

	The Chiefs are set to take on the Miami Dolphins in a Wild Card playoff game on Saturday (Jan. 13) at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Mo.

	Swift recently spent New Year’s Eve cheering on her boyfriend in KC as the Chiefs took home a victory against the Cincinnati Bengals.

	The “Love Story” singer was also spotted at the Chiefs’ Christmas game against the Las Vegas Raiders. Although the Chiefs were defeated, the tight end said on the Dec. 29 episode of his New Heights podcast, “It ended well, with good Christmas cheer and great people. That’s always gonna save Christmas, no matter if you lose to the Raiders or not.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.