Ryan Gosling's triumphant return to Saturday Night Live had a little something for everyone, especially Barbie fans and Swifties. Well, mostly everyone.
Since his Oscars performance of “I’m Just Ken,” Gosling fans have craved another musical moment from the 43-year-old actor. On April 13 SNL delivered. During his third hosting gig, he broke up with his Barbie character with a Ken-ified version of Taylor Swift's heartbreak ballad “All Too Well.”
“I'm here because of my new movie The Fall Guy. Don't worry, I'm not gonna make any jokes about Ken because it's not funny,” Gosling said in his opening monologue. “Ken and I, we got to break up. We went too deep. So I'm not going to talk about it. I actually am going to talk about a little bit.” According to Gosling, he's processing the split the only way he can: “With the music of the great Taylor Swift.”
Gosling's rendition of “All Too Well” masterfully reimagined the song to reminisce about his character, replacing the famed lyrics about Swift's red scarf with an ode to Ken's big fur coat. “I left my roller blades in that big pink house, but I've still got that fur coat and I'll wear it right now,” he sang at the piano before putting on the coat in question.
This did not sit right with Oppenheimer star Emily Blunt, who interrupted Gosling's performance multiple times to remind the actor that he was there to hype up their new movie—eventually having to resort to violence to try to stop Gosling from breaking out into song. It didn't work, though it was perfect promo for their stunt man action comedy.
You can watch Gosling's monologue here:
As Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt's song reminded us, the pair were on opposite ends of Barbenheimer during the summer of 2023—and this isn't the first time they've argued over their hit films. “You know, I think I kind of figured out why they called it Barbenheimer and they didn’t call it a Oppenbarbie,” Gosling told Blunt during the Oscars on March 10. “Well, I think you guys are at the tail end of that because you were riding Barbie’s coattails all summer.”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Blunt gave as good as she got, replying, “Thanks for ‘Kensplaining’ that to me. All right, Mister ‘I Need to Paint My Abs On to Get Nominated.’ You don’t see Robert Downey [Jr.] doing that.”
That was a bridge too far for Gosling, who decided they had to “squash” their feud. Hopefully, singing it out on Saturday Night Live was a step in the right direction.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices