Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The Independent's journalism is supported by our readers. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. 
The couple skipped night one of Coachella for date night in Los Angeles — but made it to night two 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have shown up at Coachella.
The couple watched Jack Antonoff’s band, Bleachers, perform at the festival in Indio, California on Saturday, with many many fans taking to X to share clips of them.
Swift and Kelce were seen dancing side stage as the band performed during the first weekend of the annual music festival. TikToker Kale Tompkins, who was in the crowd during the concert, recorded a video of the two’s interaction.
This is the first time Swift, 34, has attended the celeb-loved music festival since 2016, when she famously rocked up to the desert with her bleach blonde hairstyle — known as “Bleachella.”
Meanwhile, Kelce, also 34, attended the event in 2022 and 2023 alongside some of his best friends.
For her outfit, Swift was seen wearing a piece of branded merchandise from Travis and his older brother Jason’s podcast New Heights, specifically a dark green baseball cap with the podcast’s name on it written in white font. Kelce was also seen in a baseball hat that was white with the phrase “Happy Gilmore” written across the front.
In addition to the matching baseball caps, the Grammy winner was wearing black jean shorts with an oversized leather jacket and a black tank top. Kelce was sporting various patterns with unbuttoned flannel and a white undershirt, vertical-striped blue and white pants, white Converse sneakers, and a tie-dyed bandana around his neck.
Aside from headwear, Swift wore an all-back look consisting of a tank top with ripped denim shorts, an oversized leather bomber jacket and matching black sneakers. Kelce, meanwhile, wore an open plaid shirt over a white T-shirt with striped pants and white Chucks.
The pair had been expected at Coachella the night previously, but instead the pop superstar and NFL player were spotted enjoying a date at hotspot Sushi Park in Los Angeles, a little over two hours away from where the festival is based.
Prior to Lana Del Ray’s performance at the festival on Friday 12 April, many people on X, formerly known as Twitter, were making the claim that she would bring Swift on the stage with her as a guest.
During an interview with People, published on 3 April, the Chiefs player acknowledged that he’s attended the Indio-based festival multiple times over the years, and would be happy to have the opportunity to go again.
“I am a Coachella guy,” he said. “I love going to Coachella. I love live music in general. So you might see me pop up over there at some point.”
Sources previously claimed to US Weekly that they are going to support two of Swift’s longtime friends, who are headlining the music festival.
“They both want to see Lana Del Rey and Bleachers,” the source claimed, referring to Antonoff’s band. Over the years, Swift has collaborated with Antonoff on many of her albums — and made sure to see his Saturday night set.
Per usual, the music festival runs for two different weekends in April, with each weekend being a three-day event. This year, Coachella will be taking place on the 12th through the 14th of April, and the 19th through the 21st of April.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in