This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Taylor Swift got a big hug from NFL boyfriend Travis Kelce during a show at Coachella. (Courtesy: @chrisgrotewold/LIFESTYLOGY/TMX)
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce shared a romantic weekend at the Coachella music festival Saturday night.
The couple walked hand in hand through the crowd, with Swift wearing black shorts with a black top and jacket.
She completed her look with a "New Heights" podcast baseball cap, in support of Kelce.
Kelce was dressed casual in blue and white striped pants, a flannel shirt over a white t-shirt, bandana and a "Happy Gilmore" baseball cap.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce walked hand in hand while enjoying a romantic night at Coachella. (Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty Images)
TAYLOR SWIFT'S BOYFRIEND TRAVIS KELCE JOKES HE'D NAME HIS KID AFTER FAMOUS ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER CHARACTER
Swift and Kelce were also seen backstage enjoying a performance by the band Bleachers, led by her friend and collaborator Jack Antonoff.
The "Karma" singer was photographed laughing as Kelce leaned in close.
Swift and Kelce were seen backstage smiling and laughing to during her friend Jack Antonoff's Bleachers set. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
Kelce was also caught in a sweet video giving Swift a big hug while dancing in the crowd during another performance at the festival.
WATCH NOW: TAYLOR SWIFT AND TRAVIS KELCE EMBRACE AT COACHELLA
Fans posted numerous videos of the couple, including a sweet one of them dancing together watching a set by Dom Dolla.
Another fan managed to catch them sharing a kiss at the Bleachers performance as they danced together.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Swift is on a break from her Eras world tour. Her last stop was in Singapore in March.
That same month, the singer and the NFL star were spotted on a romantic getaway in the Bahamas.
The couple recently enjoyed a Bahamas getaway in March. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Kelce gushed about his girlfriend of close to a year, joking he wasn’t sure how he convinced her to start dating.
"I don't know how I did it because she does not — she wasn't into sports. So I don't know how the f--- I did it," he said with a laugh on his "New Heights" podcast.
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Guest Lil Dicky commented, "You called her out," and Kelce replied "No, I know exactly how I did it."
The call out refers to Kelce mentioning Swift on the podcast last summer.
Kelce joked on his podcast he didn't know "how the f---" he landed Swift. (Getty Images)
In her Time Person of the Year interview in December, Swift said, "This all started when Travis very adorably put me on blast on his podcast, which I thought was metal as hell. We started hanging out right after that. So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other."
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Swift appeared at her first Kansas City Chiefs game in September, and she noted in her interview, "I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date."
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.