Apple appears to have allowed iPhone game emulators in its App Store for the first time following policy changes.Emulator applications began surfacing on the Apple App Store, such as the free iPhone and iPad Game Boy emulator, iGBA. In recent years, Apple would have denied iGBA's ability to load and play ROMs directly downloaded to devices, according to 9to5Mac.The iGBA Game Boy emulator developer looks to be exploiting the unexpected App Store policy change. The software is based on the open-source GBA4iOS but monetizes via ads. The app's inventor, Riley Testut, claimed he was unaware of its submission.Despite this, iGBA is a complete Game Boy emulator that lets you download and play Game Boy Advance or Game Boy Color ROMs via the web. It includes save states, customizable virtual controllers, haptic settings, and AirPlay external display projection.Since the language related to licensed emulated apps within the host application is unclear, the latest App Store regulation change has left sideloaded ROM installation unclear. ROM loading looks unrestricted if iGBA was approved intentionally and not by reviewers.
TechTimes previously reported that Apple would allow game emulators on its App Store for iOS, iPadOS, and maybe macOS devices, which is big news for vintage gamers. The tech behemoth no longer blocks emulators.The news opens the way for emulators, although the App Store rollout schedule is unknown.Game emulators will be available on compatible smartphones when Apple updates its App Store standards. The new standards allow applications to provide HTML5 mini apps, streaming games, chatbots, and plugins. Gaming downloads will be allowed for vintage gaming console emulation applications.
Read also:
: Taylor Swift Songs Back on TikTok After 10-Week Absence
Apple is complying with Digital Markets Act (DMA) requirements to increase app distribution platform competition. Following the ban on emulators, iOS users began sideloading apps.The tech giant has rigorous developer requirements though; game emulators on the App Store must be available internationally, as stipulated by the DMA. Compliance with Apple's rules, standards, and laws-including piracy laws-is stressed.
These practices demonstrate Apple's adaptation to regulatory changes, particularly the DMA. As a result of this regulation, Apple has allowed third-party app markets and sideloaded iOS apps.
App distribution thresholds and upgrade deadlines remain in force in the EU, notwithstanding these changes. The App Store must update third-party applications outside the EU within 30 days, and sideloading requires one million downloads in 2023.In another related development, a video featuring Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow being played on an Apple Watch Ultra sparked interest in Apple Watch emulator gaming. In the video, a $35 Apple Watch was used to play the video game, sparking an intresting gaming opportunity for the device to become a Game Boy emulator, per The Verge.Some may find Apple Watch gaming impractical, but portable gaming devices are appealing. Putting a small screen on a joystick and playing beloved side-scrolling games seems promising. The wearable device's lightweight design and lack of controllers or clip-on phone holders may make it a better Game Boy emulator.
Related Article:
 Engineers Use ChatGPT, Video Game Assets to Recreate Star Trek's Holodeck 
ⓒ 2025 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!