The couple attended the Indio, Calif., music festival on April 13.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce made a surprise appearance at Coachella 2024.

	The pop superstar and Kansas City Chiefs tight end showed their support for some of the singer’s musical collaborators at the popular Indio, Calif., musical festival on Saturday night (April 13).

	Swift and Kelce were spotted backstage at the Mojave tent to watch Jack Antonoff perform with his band Bleachers and they were later seen in the crowd during Ice Spice‘s set at the Sahara tent. Fan-captured video shows the lovebirds dancing to “Karma (Remix),” Swift’s collaboration with the rapper.

	The “Cruel Summer” singer and Super Bowl champ both sported baseball caps during their desert outing. Swift wore a green New Heights hat in support of her boyfriend’s podcast with his brother Jason Kelce, and Kelce donned his usual white “Happy Gilmore” cap.

	










	Ahead of their Coachella appearance, the pair was spotted on a romantic dinner date at celebrity hotspot Sushi Park in Los Angeles on Friday evening.

	Swift, who is currently on a break from her record-setting The Eras Tour, is gearing up for the release of her highly anticipated album, The Tortured Poets Department. April 19 marks the arrival of the superstar’s 11th studio album, which she surprise-announced at the 2024 Grammys in February while accepting best pop vocal album for her previous release, Midnights. In her speech at the ceremony, the star mentioned that the project has been two years in the making.

	Day three of Coachella continues on Sunday (April 14) with performances by Doja Cat, J Balvin, Jhené Aiko, Lil Yachty, and many more. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.