The couple packed on the PDA during their music festival debut.
Getty Images
 Taylor Swift is showing her support for Travis Kelce at Coachella. On Saturday, April 13, the couple made their Coachella debut at the star-studded Indio, California music festival wearing relaxed outfits that were the polar opposite of each other – and which included a shout-out to the Kansas City Chiefs tight end. Swift, who was seen kissing and dancing with her boyfriend during various sets throughout the day, repped Kelce’s New Heights podcast in an emerald green cap that was the only pop of color in her otherwise monochromatic look.

 The “Cruel Summer” singer was dressed head to toe in black, pairing a black top and shorts with a cool patent leather bomber jacket that extended to the length of her shorts. She wore her baseball cap both backwards and the right way over her natural waves and paired her festival-ready look with her signature bright red lipstick. Black tennis shoes, black socks, and a black side body Stella McCartney bag completed her outfit.

Getty Images
 Kelce also wore a matching New Heights hat but switched it out for a white Happy Gilmore one later one – a fitting accessory choice since his outfit looked very much like something that Adam Sandler would wear. He paired it with a plaid button up shirt that was worn open over a white t-shirt, a teal green bandana, blue and white striped pants, white Chucks, and sunglasses. 

Getty Images
 Per the many social media posts taken of the couple during their Coachella appearance, Kelce and Swift kissed at Dom Dolla’s set and danced together when Ice Spice performed “Karma.” They also swung by the Bleachers set to support Swift’s close friend and collaborator, Jack Antonoff, as well as Jungle’s set. Throughout it all, the couple packed on the PDA and mingled with their fellow concertgoers.

 Both Swift and Kelce have stayed mum on whether or not they’ll be heading back to the desert for Sunday’s lineup, but fans at the festival could potentially get another sweet Swelce sighting.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)