MSNBC’s Vaughn Hillyard braved Iowa’s “negative 20 windchill” Saturday to report on the weather “variable” that could throw a wrench in Donald Trump’s path to dominate Monday’s caucuses.
“Donald Trump’s support, largely in the rural areas, which would require folks to make the extra drive and commitment to go and caucus for him,” Hillyard said.
“But at the same time, we have seen consistently in the data that Donald Trump has the most enthusiastic supporters and, frankly, the most firm support, as well, here. But these are the dynamics. Is there much enthusiasm for Nikki Haley (R-SC)? Frankly, we haven’t seen it on the trail. But in the more urban areas around the Des Moines areas where it’s a little easier to get to places in the suburbs? You know, could that help boost her? Those are the questions we’re going to be looking at here in the next 48 hours.”
The Weekend’s Symone Sanders called the weather factor “a campaign’s worst nightmare in a caucus state. Enthusiasm matters,” she continued. “This is not just going to a polling place and casting a ballot and going home.”
“We know at caucuses in the past, there’s a large number of folks in the communities, and parking is tough,” Hillyard said. “You’ve got to walk over the black ice, it’s going to be after sundown to get in there, and most cases, it’s going to be a secret ballot.
“I’ve heard some skepticism, frankly, guys, about whether Trump supporters will turn out.” Hillyard continued:
And, I can tell you, having been to Donald Trump’s first mega-rally in the heart of the Phoenix summer back in 2015 when it was 110 degrees, to just last, week when the wind chills were about 20 degrees up in Sue Center in the northwest part of Iowa, to you know, rallies in Michigan, to blustery conditions in Council Bluffs just a bit ago.
You know, I have seen time and again that the loyalty of this movement around him is so stark that folks are willing to wait in, frankly, awful conditions that I could not even fathom if it was a Taylor Swift concert, being willing to stand out there for. Yet, his supporters are. The question is, are there enough of them?
Watch the clip above via MSNBC.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.