MEGA/Getty (2)
Every year brings out a wide variety of styles when celebrities descend on the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California. Some stars wowed in their 2024 festival wear, while others should have left their outfits at home.
Stretching over back-to-back three-day weekends starting on April 12, ​the festival featured famous faces ​turning out to watch headliners Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, Doja Cat, and No Doubt.
Taylor Swift made a rare appearance at the festival on April 13, vibing in the crowd with boyfriend Travis Kelce in a comfortable but stylish ensemble. Other A-list guests included Megan Fox and Nina Dobrev, while Vanessa Hudgens decided to skip the event, as she’s several months pregnant with her first child.
1 of 17
Angel Montalvo
Taylor Swift stopped by Neon Carnival presented by PATRÓN EL ALTO tequila during weekend one of Coachella. She wore a miniskirt with a leather jacket and crossbody bag, as well as a hat that repped her boyfriend, Travis Kelce’s, “New Heights” podcast.
2 of 17
Getty
While Megan hit the nail on the head with her cutoff shorts and white top, her black jacket and thigh-high boots were unnecessary accessories. She wore the look at an event for Celsius.
3 of 17
Getty
Charli D’Amelio’s daring look wouldn’t work on the streets but it was perfect for Coachella. She paired a black bathing suit with sheer skirt and belly chain at the Celsius event.
4 of 17
MEGA
Nina was far too covered up for a day out in the heat of the desert. Her ensemble leaned more towards the business casual side than what one would wear to a music festival.
5 of 17
MEGA
Lili Reinhart’s pairing of a bikini with matching sheer cover-up was the perfect match. She completed her summery ensemble with her hair in an updo.
6 of 17
MEGA
There was just too much going on with Teyana Taylor’s Coachella look, as she paired a sheer dress with knee-high boots and a cowgirl hat.
7 of 17
MEGA
Megan looked fierce in her second look of the weekend. This one definitely put her on the best dressed list, as she stunned in a belted black dress for the Revolve party.
8 of 17
MEGA
Emma was a bit too dressed up for Coachella in this long-sleeved little black dress. However, her hair was on point!
9 of 17
MEGA
Amelia Hamlin nailed her festival style in a casual pair of jean shorts and a white crop top. She also kept up with the latest fashion trends by adding loafers and white socks.
10 of 17
Getty
As always, Paris Hilton came to slay with her festival look. 10/10. No notes.
11 of 17
oliviaculpo/Instagram
Olivia Culpo paired a sheer white top with a miniskirt and knee-high boots. Her look was the perfect mix of dressy and appropriate for a night out in the desert.
12 of 17
Getty
Gwen Stefani showed off her classic No Doubt-era style while performing with the band for the first time in years at the music festival. She brought Olivia Rodrigo on stage as a special guest and the former Disney star totally nailed her look with an “I [Heart] ND” shirt.
13 of 17
heidiklum/Instagram
While Heidi Klum’s look had some of the makings of a great Coachella outfit, there was way too much going on for her to land on our best dressed list.
14 of 17
Getty
Kyle Richards looked more ready for a night out in Aspen than she did for Coachella.
15 of 17
haileybieber/Instagram
Hailey paired white shorts with an oversized green shirt for a comfortable Coachella look. She stopped by the Rhode photobooth while at the festival.
16 of 17
lalakent/Instagram
Props to Lala for attending Coachella while several months pregnant but her day one outfit missed the mark a bit. 
17 of 17
scheana/Instagram
The Vanderpump Rules star’s crop top and jeans combo was perfect for the festival and her braided hairstyle completed the look perfectly.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: