ELLE.com has the exclusive first look inside The Grove’s installation and behind-the-scenes details on its creation.
As Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department approaches, Spotify is offering fans a literal library to celebrate her upcoming project before it drops on April 19. The streaming company just launched a three-day pop-up installation at The Grove in Los Angeles. 
ELLE.com has the first look inside the installation and the finer details in each of the rooms. As Taryn Lacroix, the manager of label partnerships at Spotify tells ELLE.com, the goal of the pop-up is to literally take fans inside Swift’s new era. “With poetry being a touchstone of this album, we wanted to create a campaign as thoughtful and ornate to immerse fans in the world of TTPD,” Lacroix said.
Lacroix detailed how Spotify chose a library of all things—and also teased a giant surprise awaiting fans: “There were a few concepts that we discussed—creating a bedroom, a creative office, a stack of books—but ultimately we all landed on an album-themed open-air library, in which lyrics would be revealed over the course of the week leading into the album. This felt the most creatively inspired by Taylor’s project.
“It’s going to be an incredible experience for those on the ground, but fans globally will be able to join in the momentum leading up to the release on the album's countdown page with special moments happening throughout the week,” Lacroix added.
The installation itself boasts a letter drop area where fans can share what song they are most looking forward to, and a poet’s study full of books to pose with. Where lyrics will be hidden wasn’t specified, so Swifties will no doubt be on the hunt for them.
Those in the area can visit The Grove installation from Tuesday to Thursday, 10 A.M. to 9 P.M. PT daily. For those further away, take a look inside the library in the photos below. ELLE will continue to update this post as more is revealed. 
All of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Looks
Read Selena Gomez’s Suggestive ‘Talk’ Lyrics
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Is a Family Affair
Benny Blanco Is the World’s Greatest Fiancé
The Best New Songs We Heard Last Month
Meet Your Favorite Artists’ Favorite Collaborators
Coco Jones on Her Debut Album
Everything to Know About Lorde’s New Album 
See Beyoncé's Full Cowboy Carter Tour Setlist
How to Get Tickets to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Joins Beyoncé on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Samara Joy Is Redefining Jazz Music
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.