"I grew up loving game shows, and I'm excited to be following in the footsteps of so many TV icons," says the NFL star.
 Who are smarter, fifth graders or celebrities?

 We'll soon find out, as the popular gameshow Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? morphs into a new spinoff, Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity?

 Travis Kelce (already in the headlines for winning Super Bowl LVIII and dating Taylor Swift) will host the new game show — taking over from Jeff Foxworthy, who hosted Fifth Grader? on Fox from 2007 to 2009 and in syndication from '09 to '11, followed by John Cena, who hosted a version on Nickelodeon in 2019.

 "I grew up loving game shows, and I'm excited to be following in the footsteps of so many TV icons by hosting my very first one with Are you Smarter than a Celebrity?" Kelce says in a statement released to Entertainment Weekly. "The original show is a great success, so to be bringing a new format with everyone’s favorite celebrities to the screen, will definitely be entertaining. I’m just happy to be on the hosting side of the equation here and excited to see how these famous faces keep up."

 Twenty episodes of the new game show — with Beat Shazam creator Wes Kauble as showrunner — have been ordered by Amazon's Prime Video, though no launch date has been set.

 "For years, fans around the world have tested their smarts with this fun, nostalgic game show, and we look forward to bring this reimagined format to Prime Video," says Lauren Anderson, head of AVOD originals unscripted and targeted programming at Amazon MGM Studios. "Travis has proven to be an incredible talent on and off the field, and we appreciate the trust he has placed in us with his first foray into television. His natural, comedic dynamic with our panelists and guests, coupled with some exciting new twists, will keep our global customers coming back week after week."

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)