Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce drew as much attention for their appearance (and affectionate moments) at Coachella as some of the festival’s performers. However, the couple seemed blissfully unaware. Two sources spoke to Entertainment Tonight about their Coachella date, and how the experience reflects their relationship right now.
“Taylor and Travis were so excited to go to Coachella together,” the first source said. “They wanted to be there to support their friends and just have fun. They had the best time at the festival and were in their own world even though so many people were around them. They are very in love and in sync in so many aspects of their lives, and it’s very sweet to see.”
A second source touched more on Kelce’s perspective, saying, “Travis has always loved going to Coachella, and having Taylor by his side made it all the better. The happy couple enjoyed the weekend’s festivities, supporting Taylor’s famous friends during their live sets. The two are continuing to explore their relationship by supporting each other’s endeavors and doing what every other couple does, and that’s go on dates. This is one of many adventures yet to come for the duo.”
How their whirlwind romance took off, from podcast shoutout to Super Bowl kiss. 
Read Swift’s candid essay for ELLE about the life lessons she learned before hitting that milestone year.
Swift spent six years dating Alwyn. Revisit the history that Tortured Poets is expected to explore.
Swift has an especially big week ahead of her, with The Tortured Poets Department coming out Friday. The singer will return to her Eras tour on May 9, with her first European leg performance in Paris.
Swift has been much more visible in the last year than she has since 2016. Swift spoke about her change in attitude during her December interview with Time. “Over the years, I’ve learned I don’t have the time or bandwidth to get pressed about things that don’t matter,” she said. “Yes, if I go out to dinner, there’s going to be a whole chaotic situation outside the restaurant. But I still want to go to dinner with my friends. Life is short. Have adventures. Me locking myself away in my house for a lot of years—I’ll never get that time back. I’m more trusting now than I was six years ago.”
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.