Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Michael J. Fox has given high praise to Taylor Swift, forecasting her significant influence over the next 50 years.
In an interview with PEOPLE Magazine for its 50th anniversary issue, the 62-year-old expressed admiration for Swift, saying, "I think she's going to be a really important person. I think she moves economies, she changes the way the world works, and that's amazing,"
He praised the pop icon for her public statements on various issues, highlighting her influence. Since 2018, Swift has actively engaged her fanbase on matters of voting rights, emphasizing the importance of voter registration and endorsing Democratic candidates.
The Back To The Future actor shared that his views on Swift, 34, have evolved significantly over time. Initially indifferent, he admitted that he had no particular opinion when he first heard of Swift. However, his perspective has since "gone full circle," influenced by his family's admiration for her. With a wife and four children who idolize the "Bad Blood" singer, Fox has come to recognize and appreciate the substantial impact she has on her audience and beyond.
His admiration also extends to Ryan Reynolds in the interview. "I think Ryan Reynolds could be a really important person. He's so smart, he's so talented... He knows how to leverage things and make them succeed in other areas," Fox stated. He went on to describe the Deadpool actor as "a very philanthropic person," and sees him as well positioned to make substantial contributions to society.
Fox reflected on his own journey with Parkinson's disease, a diagnosis he's shared publicly over the years after being diagnosed in 1991. He discussed his desire to find a cure, drawing parallels between his advocacy work and the potential he sees in both Swift and Reynolds.
Recently, Fox opened up to Entertainment Tonight about how he's currently coping with his diagnosis, adopting a realistic outlook and emphasizing the broader community rather than his personal experience: "After 35 years or something since I've been diagnosed, this is just my life and I don't think about it much... I don't even think about [it]. Except that I'm thinking about what we're going to do as a community to figure this out and find a cure -- and short of a cure, [create] treatment centers that are really groundbreaking."
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC