Alabama Barker dissed her haters as she showed off her figure.
In a new Instagram post, the daughter of Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker, posed in a black, revealing bikini top. The string garment barely covered the 18-year-olds chest as she paired it with a mini, earth-toned skirt. She unbuttoned the a matching cropped jacket and pulled off the shoulders to expose her body.
The young star added a silver chain necklace, an assortment of rings, and showed off a finger tattoo. Alabama let her long, blonde locks fall down around her shoulders, cascading to show off the length. She beat her face with heavy makeup, including blush, overdrawn lips, and a set of falsie lashes.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
READ MORE: Travis Barker's daughter Alabama accused of 'cultural appropriation' after racy display
Alabama captured her post with "You Belong With Me," but didn't specify what she was referring to. Notably, that's the name of a Taylor Swift song, a potential reference made on the release week of Taylor's upcoming album, The Troubled Poets Department. Alabama's father, Travis, married into the Kardashian family which famously has some ongoing beef with the pop star.
The comments section was flood with trolls trying to bring Alabama down and accusing her of getting plastic surgery. One hater wrote: "Plastic surgery on everything sad."
"This child has done a lot of cosmetic surgery at a very young age," wrote another person. A third wrote: "I hope she doesn't overdo it. She looks good now."
The hate didn't seem to get to Alabama who confessed that she had lip filler done. However, she insisted that was the only work she's had on her body so far. She told the world that they just need to "accept the fact I'm naturally beautiful." Alabama previously was open about her flip filler, even tagging her nurse practitioner directly.
Alabama's fans rushed to her defense in the comments of the Instagram post. "Save some pretty for the rest of us!!! Yall are too beautiful," wrote one fan. Another added: "Can yall leave this girl alone damn."
Another clapped back hard at the hate, writing: "Who cares what she does! She is gorgeous and she is entitled to do her hair however she wants! European countries have worn wigs for centuries way before weaves came in style! Queen Elizabeth Henry Tudor’s Daughter wore wigs in the 1800 century! Anyone can wear anything they want! This is America, we are free to do anything we want and to say anything in whatever voice we want!! Hello, America the land of the free!"
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.