Now 
44
 Sun 
63
 Mon 
64
by Sydney Keller
TOPICS:
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WZTV) — A record store in East Nashville has a new addition to their building, and it's bound to get some Taylor Swift fans turning their heads.
Grimey's Records Nashville has a newly painted mural of Swift's upcoming album cover "The Tortured Poets Department" on the front of their building. The artist's 11th studio album drops Friday.
Are you ready for it?
This is not the first time the local record store had a mural of Swift on their building.
Grimey's Co-OwnerDoyle Davis says they had a mural of Swift on their building in 2022 when she was namedGlobal Record Day Ambassador, but her relationship with the record shop has ties deeper than that.
During the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, Davis said he feared for his and his employees future with the record store. He said he was not sure how the business would stay afloat when he received a call from Swift's Publicist Tree Paine.
Paine said Swift was concerned about the record shop and wanted to make sure they made it through the pandemic, asking how she could help.
Davis said he sent a list to Paine of the stores most pressing needs. In return, Swift paid for three months of the store's group healthcare plan which covered all employees and sent direct relief to all the staff, including the owners. 
Davis said he cannot thank Swift enough for helping himself and his staff keep the record shop running. After all, having lived in Hendersonville and Nashville, Paine said Swift had shopped at Grimey's beforehand.
Come Friday, Grimey's will offer the White Vinyl Indie Store Exclusive Version of "The Tortured Poets Department." He adds Swift fans willhave to wait until Friday to see if the record store has any surprises when asked if the shop would have each vinyl variant featuring bonus tracks.
Davis said he admires Swift as an artist, and with his wife being a "Swiftie," he has listened to many of her songs.
As for the"The Tortured Poets Department" mural, it was finished Wednesday by Alexandria Hall.
Although Davis does not know how long the mural will be up on the building, he expects it will be there awhile. He adds when the mural is expected to come down, Grimey's will gives a heads up on social media.
Follow FOX Nashville on Facebook, X, Instagram and TikTok!