Channel 13 (Taylor's Version) will play Swift's 16 new tracks front-to-back starting at midnight.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	With a couple hundred songs across 10 albums — plus one more just hours away — Taylor Swift definitely has enough music to have her own radio channel. And now, thanks to SiriusXM, she does.

	The company launched “Channel 13 (Taylor’s Version)” on April 7, allowing listeners to hear selections from the pop star’s 17-year discography 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And in honor of Swift’s new album The Tortured Poets Department, which drops promptly at midnight on Friday (April 19), the station will start playing her 16 new tracks front-to-back on loop throughout the project’s release weekend.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Prior to the album’s arrival, the broadcaster was queuing both original and “Taylor’s Version” editions of Swift’s older hits, as well as From the Vault songs, live recordings, bonus tracks and more. Plus, the station is inviting Swifties to come on-air to share their own “personal and meaningful experiences with Taylor and her music,” according to a release.

	The channel will be available through May 6. To tune in, fans need only download the SiriusXM app and select Channel 13.

	“The versatility of Taylor’s music and the phenomenal impact she’s had in her career across so many musical genres will be on full display,” said Scott Greenstein, SiriusXM president and chief content officer. “We’re all experiencing a legend at work and are so thrilled to work with Taylor to present a one-of-a-kind channel that connects her fans with her extraordinary body of work.”

	Swifties who don’t have SiriusXM can join for free for the first three months. After the free trial ends, SiriusXM’s plans start at $9.99/month for the All Access package and $14.99/month for SiriusXM Platinum. All Access and Platinum Plan packages include 425+ channels that Swifties can stream online via a computer, smartphone, gaming consoles and other compatible devices. 

	Not interested in a free trial? SiriusXM is also offering plans for just $1 for three months ($18.99 after the three-month free trial ends). The SiriusXM Music & Entertainment package lets Swifties access over 400 channels, including 155+ channels that can be streamed in the car, on a laptop or smart phone. 

	The new channel comes in the midst of a break in the 14-time Grammy winner’s ongoing global Eras Tour, which will pick back up in May with a four-night stint in Paris. In the meantime, Swift went into full rollout mode for Tortured Poets, which features collaborations with Post Malone and Florence + the Machine as well as four bonus tracks spread out across different extended versions of the album.

	










	On April 1, the “Anti-Hero” singer won artist of the year at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, which she accepted via a pre-recorded speech. “It’s completely up to you to choose how you spend your time, what concerts you want to go to, what music you want to make the soundtrack to your life,” she said in the video, which played during the ceremony. 

	She added, “To anyone who has included me in those choices, I’m so, so, so thankful for that.”

April 18: This article was updated to include details about playing her new album over opening weekend.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.