I even found her looks on Amazon.…
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Whether you’ve been a Swiftie since the “Our Song” days (hi, same) or you’re a newly converted stan (welcome!), there’s always plenty of Taylor content to go around. With The Tortured Poets Department release, Eras Tour concerts, and her v cute relationship with Travis Kelce, life as a Swiftie is anything but boring these days. 
Admittedly, one of my fave fan activities is seeing when Taylor is out and about in her street style outfits. If she’s hitting the town with her girl gang or enjoying a date night with Trav, there’s always an iconic ’fit that comes along with it.
So, in the name of Swiftie journalism, I took it upon myself to dissect and re-create Taylor Swift’s best street style outfits. And don’t worry, I don’t have Blondie’s designer budget, so I found dupes to replicate her v cute wardrobe. 
Okay, I think everyone can agree that an all-white ensemble is an unfailing ’fit, and Taylor nailed the look last summer with a coordinating Ralph Lauren set, ​​Mansur Gavriel shoulder bag, and flat sandals. And since our net worth isn’t funded by the Eras Tour and chart-topping hits, check out our own lil Cosmo’s version of the summer-ready staples below. 
This look is serving The Tortured Poets Department vibes, and we’re totally here for it. Taylor loves a pleated-skirt moment, and this combo might just be my new outfit formula for anything from summer brunches to office days. A button-down, baseball cap, and a miniskirt? Say less. And find the chic academia look for less below! 
Tired of wearing a basic black top and jeans every time Friday night rolls around? Yeah, same. I experimented with Tay’s going-out formula that originally consisted of a Jean Paul Gaultier mesh top, leather miniskirt, and black booties. Safe to say my new weekend uniform is officially unlocked. Shop our fave similar looks below. (Travis Kelce not included.)
Jasmine Hyman is the Assistant Beauty Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she writes about the latest beauty trends and must-have products. Her most prized beauty possessions are a meticulous skincare routine and salon blowouts. You’ll also likely find her in bed reading a good book or endlessly scrolling TikTok (spoiler: it’s usually the latter) while listening to Harry Styles’ entire discography on repeat. Follow her on Insta to be inundated with pictures of her meals. 
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
These Summer Dresses From Amazon Are Next Level
We Dug Deep for These Superior Met Gala Looks
I Tried Quince's Lounge Sets and I Need More ASAP
The Fall 2025 Jewelry Trends? So Freaking Stunning
My Search for the Perfect Black Mini Skirt 
These Top-Rated Amazon Swimsuits? Immediate Yes
Sofia Richie Grainge Dropped Summer Kids' Clothes
What to Wear to Beyoncé’s 'Cowboy Carter' Tour
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.