Here’s what Cosmo Swifties are wearing for the foreseeable future. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Taylor Swift’s new album, The Tortured Poets Department, didn't just set Spotify streaming records and resurface Kardashian beef when it dropped on April 19. It kick-started a new era of Taylor Swift fashion, one that millions of Swifties worldwide will be channeling this summer—and I, being the trend barometer that I am, needed the deets. So, to get a better read on the next Taylor Swift era, I asked Swifties in the Cosmo office to unpack the Easter eggs in Taylor’s 'TTPD' outfits and share the outfits they’ll be wearing during their Tortured Poet era.
“Lifelong Swifties know that Taylor will take any opportunity to drop Easter eggs—especially with her clothing. In an alternate universe, she’ll drop a ’fit check video pointing out what each article represents, but this is real life, and we’ve got to put in the work,” says assistant editor Sam Olson. She expects Tortured Poets era fashion to be "a reputation and folklore love child that bridges 2014 Tumblr and sophisticated business casual." Think short skirts with sheer black tights, loafers, oversized sweaters and blazers, and ’70s-inspired slacks.
Around the Cosmo office and on #SwiftTok, Taylor’s Tortured Poets Department aesthetic has been dubbed everything from “prep school dropout” to "greyscale clean girl" and “crying-in-the-university-library-core.” Call it what you want, Blondie’s current style evolves viral trends like ‘dark academia’ and the ‘office siren’ aesthetic into something truly wearable, as you’ll see in the outfits below.
“As for my Tortured Poet era, you’ll catch me wearing lots of basic tees, low-rise jeans and loafers. I wanna read sophisticated, stylish, and mysterious,” says associate shopping editor Meg Uy. “Think business-casual with some oomph.”
I hereby declare that it's time to dissect! 
Anything worn on a Taylor Swift album cover qualifies as iconic, and the $1,500 worth of silky black lingerie she wore for her Tortured Poets Department shoot is no exception. Treat yourself to a satin slip, mesh bra, or a sexy little something to recreate her latest cover look for a whole lot less. “Black and white hints towards this album, for sure, despite black being known to represent her reputation album,” says associate emerging platforms editor Rosemary Wojtkowski. 
"We think of reputation as a black and white album, but this is doing it in a totally different way. It's black and white with softer textures and a more vintage feel versus rep's edgy leather and deep reds," adds beauty editor Beth Gillette.
“We’re living in a time with what seems like hundreds of trends circulating every day, yet Taylor’s ‘less is more’ look has always remained a constant,” says Uy. “I’m loving the classic, preppy style Taylor has been repping recently. She knows how to turn heads with a simple miniskirt and sweater combo.”
Perhaps the best part about Taylor’s preppy miniskirt obsession is that you can grab the exact miniskirt Taylor wore to Coachella for only $35 rn!! Anddd the cute Popflex tennis skirt she wore in a YouTube short—the one that Cosmo Swifties say is the "lilac short skirt" in "imgonnagetyouback"—for $60. 
“We’re seeing a lot of schoolgirl-chic looks from Taylor with her knitwear picks and pleated miniskirts paired with loafers, a nod to the academia aesthetic of her new album,” says associate editor Lauren Gruber. "I definitely think her new era will continue in this minimalist direction, especially when we consider the pared-back styling of her more recent album covers."
Album to album, oversized button-up shirts have remained a pillar of Taylor’s personal style—and surprise, surprise, they’re a huge part of her Tortured Poets Department outfits too. "Her vibes rn are very Oxford, very Dead Poets Society," notes Gillette. "It's preppy, but in a dark academia way, not in a nautical way." All to say, you should lean into classic poplin and linen fabrics and boyfriend fits that give "this used to belong to my Ivy League ex" vibes. 
According to associate shopping editor Daisy Maldonado, Taylor’s breezy button-up shirts are also an extension of her 1989 era (Taylor’s version, obvi). “Whereas 1989 was about her finding everything new and exciting, Taylor is now at a point where she knows herself and what she likes, which directly correlates to her outfit choices lately. This era is all about relearning things about yourself, feeling comfortable in your own skin, and leaning into things that make you feel good.”
Every single Cosmo Swiftie I ~consulted~ for this story said they’ll be wearing preppy loafers during their Tortured Poet era. Every. Single. One. Because as commerce editor Samantha Jones put it, “They look effortlessly cool on her and are so easy for fans to replicate.” Act fast, and you can score the *exact* Reformation loafers Taylor Swift recently wore before the Swiftie masses send them out of stock. Or, grab these slingback loafers and heeled loafers on Amazon that look just like the ones she’s been wearing. 
While you’re at it, grab a pair or two of sheer black tights—more specifically, a pair or two of these Taylor-approved Sheertex rip-resistant tights—to pair with your LBDs, miniskirts and schoolgirl. Day or night, she’s always got them on.  
“I also see this album as Taylor’s love letter to herself, which is why I think she’s leaning into her sexy side a bit. I personally will be taking a note from her and be choosing outfits that make me feel like the most authentic version of myself,” says Maldonado. “A tortured poet is one who has reflected inward and knows what they want, so whatever makes me feel confident!”
Sweaters are a cornerstone of Taylor’s wardrobe, no matter the season. Chances are your wardrobe already has plenty of folklore chunky cardigans, so instead, expand your horizons with the simple cashmere pullovers and sporty tennis sweaters she’s been wearing as of late. 
“I love how Taylor takes prep school chic and adds just a dash of grunge—but none of it feels like Jenny Humphrey cosplay. There’s always an element of being prim and proper,” says deputy shopping director Kim Duong. “Even with her most casual street style looks, there’s always something polished about it. So even for this heartbreak album that seems to be heavily ‘bed-rotting’ coded, we see some element of that.”
Mark my words—white, vintage-inspired, flowy blouses will be a hot commodity this summer, thanks to our fave tormented writer. Lucky for us, Taylor Swift’s favorite fashion brands, like Reformation and Sezane, have plenty of ~poet blouses~ to pick from. “Nothing too flashy because she’s letting the lyrics speak for themselves,” as Hyman put it.  The term ‘poet sleeves’ is a bit outdated, so keep an eye out for descriptors like ‘balloon sleeves’ and ‘peasant blouse’ instead. 
Assistant shopping editor Jasmine Hyman agrees, "We’ll be seeing lots of “black outfits to mourn a former relationship,” noting that “it will be a different type of black than her reputation era, which was v much defined by revenge. This black aesthetic will evoke more of a ‘dead inside’ vibe rather than a ‘you’re dead to me’ vibe.” 
So, when it comes to LBDs, lean into the witchy vibes of the gothic black dress Taylor wore in the "Fortnight" music video. Blondie said herself that 'pretty much everything' in the vid references Tortured Poets in 'one way or another.' But, instead of going full Bella Baxter, grab a black summer dress with design details that add subtle Edwardian vibes, such as puff sleeves, high necklines and ruffles.
“Accessories put in overtime at the Tortured Poets Department,” says Olson. A few simple additions can take your look to the next level, whether it’s this affordable version of her go-to Polo Ralph Lauren hat, an updo with Fortnight-esque bobby pins or a watch ring inspired by her inaugural Tortured Poets Department outfit at the Grammys. 
Sarah Maberry is a fashion and luxury commerce editor at Hearst Magazines, where she covers fashion, beauty and pop culture. A seasoned trend forecaster and fashion historian, she analyzes viral products and trends on a deeper level, helping readers determine what's worth buying. When she’s not writing for ELLE, Harper’s BAZAAR, Town & Country, Esquire, Cosmopolitan and other publications, she can be found roaming the Museum at FIT (her alma matter) or sewing her own couture while she binge-watches reality TV.
 
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Reviewed: A New Hair Brand Made for Lazy People
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.