Shawn Ley, Reporter
Brandon Carr, Digital Content Producer
Published: April 18, 2024 at 5:39 PM
Updated: April 18, 2024 at 9:53 PM
Shawn Ley, Reporter
Brandon Carr, Digital Content Producer
DETROIT – Safety is top of mind ahead of the NFL draft as hundreds of thousands of people descend on Detroit for the three-day event.
Local 4 learned that Detroit police would have some serious help ensuring everything runs smoothly from April 25-27. The team is a who’s who of law enforcement, including sheriff’s deputies from Wayne, Oakland, and Macomb counties, federal teams from the FBI, ATF, and Homeland Security, and even some officers from across the border.
They say they will all work together, and the focus goes beyond the city. The Detroit Fire Department will also have four stationary medical tents, six ambulances, and fire inspectors patrolling around the draft’s footprint.
It’s a show of strength ahead of next week’s massive event, which is expected to hold 300,000-400,000 people for the three-day event.
And the clock is ticking to make sure everything is ready to go.
“We are confident in our plan, which is built on our experiences in managing large crowds such as Beyonce and Taylor Swift concerts to the fireworks and the Detroit Lions,” said Detroit Police Chief James White. “Basically, all of the things that we did and do routinely, like the Thanksgiving Day Parade.”
With a checklist of big events that the city of Detroit regularly holds and that Detroit police routinely secures, next week will be something totally different.
The NFL draft will run for several days, and league attractions span much of downtown. White said the solicited band of law officials would pack the draft area to ensure you and your family would be safe.
“With regards to the NFL, we have flown in K9 teams from across the country,” said Jim Deir from ATF. “Our explosive accelerant has the Michigan ATF SRT tactical team on standby for this event.”
No weapons will be allowed as cameras will be monitoring
Cameras are monitoring every inch of downtown, and Homeland Security is on the lookout for threats.
After more than a year of planning, White says they are ready.
“We are excited for our city, and we are on an international stage, and I am excited for the city of Detroit to show the world that we are prepared with both law enforcement and community to have a safe and welcoming event.”
Top stories from the NFL draft:
Copyright 2024 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Brandon Carr is a digital content producer for ClickOnDetroit and has been with WDIV Local 4 since November 2021. Brandon is the 2015 Solomon Kinloch Humanitarian award recipient for Community Service.
email
twitter
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WDIV
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (313) 222-0566
At WDIV, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 ClickOnDetroit.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.