Kayla Nicole has had enough of the “torture.”
The ex of Travis Kelce seemingly slammed his girlfriend Taylor Swift’s fans ahead of the release of the singer’s 11th studio album, “The Tortured Poets Department.”
“I’m unproblematic. Mind my business. Never respond to the constant vitriol,” Nicole, 32, tweeted Thursday. 
“Solid as they come & don’t expect a pat on the back for it either. Just know everyone has a breaking point & would love for ‘yall’ (because you know exactly who you are) to leave me alone.”
The alleged hate tweets from Swifties came after the model tweeted Thursday there was “no way” she could “fully digest” all these new albums following the March 29 release of Beyoncé’s “Cowboy Carter.”
Several fans of Swift, 34, replied to Nicole’s message, claiming that she was throwing shade at her ex’s new girl, who is dropping a highly anticipated project on Friday.
“Taylor doesn’t need your streams,” wrote one Swiftie.
“ho you will always be known as taylor’s boyfriend’s ex worry about that,” added another.
“okay? wdgaf and the new albums will do just fine without your streams,” wrote a user who claimed to be a “Swift loyalist” in their bio.
For more Page Six you love…
When a fan suggested Nicole “log off” X to save her sanity, she replied, “I made 6 real life figures from being ‘logged on’ last year. And very thankful for it. A better suggestion – people that use this platform to spew hate – log out and focus on getting their mattress off the floor.”
Nicole and the Kansas City Chiefs star, also 34, dated on and off from 2017 to 2022.
More than a year after they called it quits for good in May 2022, Kelce went public with Swift.
While the NFL player’s budding romance with the “Bad Blood” singer has made headlines everywhere, Nicole has posted several cryptic messages on social media.
Most recently, Nicole felt the wrath of the Swifties when she sent her sympathies to Travis’ sister-in-law, Kylie Kelce, after the death of her dog.
“Winnie girl. What a sweet life she lived. ❤,” the former on-air host commented. 
Fans accused Nicole of “seeking attention” and being “straight messy.”
Travis has not publicly addressed anything his ex has said but he did unfollow Nicole on Twitter after she thirsted over Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts.
Advertisement