It’s easy to leave behind your wallet or headphones, but how about a tub of yams?
Uber has released its annual Uber Lost & Found Index, a yearly snapshot of the most commonly forgotten and most unique items left behind in Ubers.
Clothing, bags and headphones topped Richmond’s list of most forgotten items. Jewelry and phones came in at four and five. Vapes or e-cigarettes came in at number 10.
At the top of the list for Richmond’s most unique forgotten items were gold teeth, three curtain rods and a pair of Uggs.
A tub of yams was number four, and a pack of false eye lashes was number five.
Other items on the list were golf clubs, a birth certificate, a paycheck and a TV remote.
Nationally, riders left behind everything from a frontal hair toupee, hot sauce and a breathalyzer to a ceramic cat, a tray of meat pie and a framed Taylor Swift autograph.
BrickFire, a new wood-fired pizza restaurant, is now open at 525 E. Grace St., near the Dominion Energy Center. It took over the former Maya space in the Berry-Burk building. Read the story.
Ford’s Garage is now open in Short Pump at 11275 W. Broad St. This is the first Ford's Garage to open in Virginia. Read the story.
Memi's Egyptian restaurant is now open in the Fan in the Barrio spot. Named after Memi Yacoub, pictured here. Read the story.
Susie’s Café & Deli is now open in the former Hop Craft Pizza and Beer spot at 1600 W. Cary St. Susie’s is known for its weekly pop-ups and Mediterranean-style Jewish cuisine. Read the story.
Die By Fry, a dedicated French fry shop, opened at 111 W. Brookland Park Blvd., from the owner of Slay Burgers. Read the story.
Corner Rock Café is now open in Midlothian, serving Black Hand Coffee, Belgian waffles and bagel sandwiches, as well as ice cream and cocktails. It is located at 3734 Winterfield Road, Suite 100. Read the story.
B-Side Bakehouse is now open at 707 N. Sheppard St. in the Museum District. Read the story.
Ash & Olive from Gregg Brooks, drummer for Three Sheets to the Wind, opened in Ashland at 107 S. Railroad Ave. Read the story.
Brickwood Barbecue now open in former F.W. Sullivan's in the Fan at 2401 W. Main St. Read the story.
Abi’s Books & Brews is now open at 1212 1/2 W. Cary St. near VCU. Read the story.
Goldwing cocktail bar is now open from the owners of Fighting Fish at 910 N. Arthur Ashe Blvd. Read the story.
Bar-Q, a craft barbecue joint, is now open in the former SB's Main Street Love Shack at 2600 W. Main St. Read the story.
A new Pizza Hut opened at 711 N. Lombardy St. Read the story.
The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill is now open at The Shoppes at Belvedere at 11458 Belvedere Vista Lane in Midlothian. Read the story.
The popular Detroit-style pizza pop has opened for pre-order take-out in Church Hill at 306 N. 29th St. Place an order
Hots & Brats is now open at 3111 W. Cary Street in the former Carytown Cupcakes spot. Read the story.
The British Embassy is selling fish and chips in downtown Richmond at 1116 E. Main St.
Mason’s Famous Lobster Rolls is now open in Midlothian at 14213 Winterview Pkwy, Ste 105. Read the story.
Baltik’s Bagels is now open in the former Go Bird location at 6801 Forest Hill Ave.  Read the story.
Southern Kitchen is now open in its new location at Stony Point Fashion Park, 9210 Stony Point Pkwy., Ste. 116. Read the story.
7 Brew, the first franchise from the Arkansas-based company to open in the Richmond area, is now open at 11 Le Gordon Drive, Midlothian. Read the story.
Layne Montgomery has opened Davvero Gelato Shop, featuring from-scratch, hand-made gelato, located at 6931 Lakeside Ave. Read the story.
Cava opened another Richmond-area location last week at 9959 Iron Bridge Road in Chesterfield. This is the sixth Cava in the Richmond area. Read the story.
The Mantu Express, from Chef Hamidullah Noori of The Mantu, has opened at 11636 W. Broad St., next to Regal Short Pump cinemas.
The Mantu Express serves modern Afghan cuisine with Mediterranean influences in a fast-casual setting, as well as pizza, stromboli and calzones. Read the story.
Toast New American Gastropub is now open in the Scott’s Walk retail/restaurant project across from The Diamond. It is one of the few locally owned restaurants to go into the new retail space, which also has a Raising Cane’s and a Chipotle. Read the story.
Sweet P’s, a New American restaurant, is  now open in downtown Richmond at 304 W. Broad St. from chef Antonio Owen. Read the story.
Latitude Seafood Co. opened a new location at 14440 Hull Street Road in Chesterfield's Duckridge Landing overlooking the water.
Devil’s Lettuce Vegan Food Joint, is set to open the first week of September in the new location at 9050 W. Broad St. in Henrico. Read the story.
19-year old Chris Knight Jr. opened Cookie Chris in Short Pump at 11571 W. Broad St. Read the story
Zorch Pizza has opened its second location at 7524 Forest Hill Ave. in the former home of Don’t Look Back South. Read the story.
Brecotea Bakery & Café opened its fourth location in the Richmond area. The latest Brecotea is located at 13628 Hull Street Road in Midlothian. Read the story.
A combination Saladworks and Frutta Bowl has opened at Duckridge Landing in Chesterfield at 14446 Hull Street Road.
Kline’s Dairy Bar, which originally opened in Harrisonburg in 1943, has opened a new location at 15589 Cosby Road in Chesterfield. Read the story.
Charlottesville's Mudhouse Coffee is opening its first Richmond location downtown at 418 W. Broad St. It soft opens Aug. 5, and fully opens starting Aug. 19. Read the story.
Le Box Lunch in Chesterfield is under new ownership and reopened at 300 Arboretum Place in Chesterfield. The new owners are Trey Owens of Soul Taco and JewFro, along with Scootie Logan and Missy Mangrum of The Original Ronnie’s BBQ. Read the story.
Cochiloco, an authentic taqueria from the guys behind Y Tu Mama, opened in Scott’s Addition at 3340 W. Moore St.
Kali Love, from the Lindsey Food Group, opens in Chesterfield Towne Center on June 12. Kali Love will offer California cuisine with a mix of Mediterranean, Italian, Asian and Mexican dishes. Read the story.
Stock Bistro & Bar, a full restaurant inside the new Txtur furniture store in Manchester, serves up a Nordic-inspired menu at 604 Hull St. Read the story.
The first Richmond location of Taco Bamba at 1601 Willow Lawn Drive is now open. Read the story.
Raising Cane's has opened a location in Glen Allen at 10093 Brook Road. Read the story.
The Midlothian Shake Shack at 1371 Huguenot Road, near Raising Cane's and Torchy's Tacos, is now open. Read the story.
Marylous upscale soul food is now open at 1323 West Main Street in the former Postbellum spot. Read the story.
Parlay at Graybo’s is a new sports bar and card shop in Scott’s Addition at  3117 W. Leigh St. in Scott’s Addition in the former Circuit Arcade Bar spot. Read the story.
A new Eggs Up Grill is now open at 6593 Mechanicsville Turnpike in Brandy Creek Commons. Read the story.
Trouvaille is now open in the Fan at 203 N. Lombardy St. in the former Balliceaux spot. Read the story.
The Lynchburg diner that's been serving Cheesy Westerns and chili beans since 1935 has opened a location in Richmond in the Museum District at 2901 Park Ave. Read the story.
Smoke & Barrel is now open at 2329 W. Main St. in the former Lady N'Awlins spot. Smoke & Barrel serves elevated Southern cuisine and craft cocktails. Read the story.
1870, a French-inspired steak house from Chef David Dunlap of Midlothian Chef's Kitchen, opened in April at 13310 Midlothian Turnpike in the heart of Midlothian. Read the story.
Cafe & Sabor opened a second location at 7807 W. Broad St in Richmond.
The Colombian restaurant, bakery and coffee roastery is open for breakfast through dinner, serving freshly ground and roasted coffee, pastries, arepas and heartier meat dishes. Read the story.
92 Chicken has opened a Korean-fried chicken spot at 200 W. Broad St.
92 Chicken is known for hand-battered, extra-crunchy fried chicken that’s hand brushed with your choice of sauces. You’ll also find some specialties like snow cheese chicken — fried chicken topped with cheesy, oniony powder. Read the story.
Chef Hamidullah Noori of The Mantu in Carytown will be opening The Mantu Express in the former Two Guys Pizza location at 11636 W. Broad St in Short Pump. Until it becomes The Mantu Express, it will operate as Two Guys Pizza. Read the story.
Fuji Ramen opened a location at 1847 Southpark Blvd in Colonial Heights.
Fuji Ramen focuses on classic ramen dishes and Japanese dishes. Ramen options span classic Tonkotsu creamy pork broth up to Spicy Xin Seafood Ramen, known for its heat. There’s also a selection of Donburi, which are rice bowls topped with varying grilled or fried meats. Read the story.
ML Steak is now open at Chesterfield Town Center. The modern chophouse from the Lindsey Food Group features filet flights with different toppings, seafood and fried chicken sandwiches from sister restaurant Buttermilk + Honey. Read the story.
Lalo's Margaritas is now open at 5714 Patterson Ave. It's the sixth restaurant from restaurateur Eduardo “Lalo” Macias serving tacos, burritos, steak, seafood and its signature margaritas. Read the story.
Lucky Chopstick opened in late March in the former home of Carytown staple The Eatery at 3000 W. Cary St.
It features an updated take on Asian fusion cuisine with poke bowls, Chinese and Chinese-American cuisine. Read the story.
The Bowl Vietnamese Cuisine is now open at 15270 WC Main St., Midlothian in Westchester Commons. The new spot features a variety of hot stone pho bowls, noodle bowls, rice vermicelli, banh mi and more.
The new owners of Blue Bee Cider moved to a new location at 4811 Bethlehem Road near Libbie Mill Midtown. Read the story.
Tito’s Taqueria & Bar recently opened in the former Mojo's spot at 733 W. Cary St. near VCU. It specializes in street tacos and Instagram-worthy cocktails and margaritas. Read the story.
Beaucoup, located at 111 N. Robinson St., is a new cocktail and oysters restaurant owned by Donnie Glass and Eli Adams. Glass also owns Grisette and Jardin. Read the story.
Tiny Vegan, a popular vegan food trailer, opened a take-out spot in Carytown at 104 S. Sheppard St.
Scott's Shawarma is now open in the Fan at 814 N. Robinson St. near the Science Museum of Virginia. Read the story.
Fogo de Chão, a new Brazilian steakhouse and churrascaria, is now open in the former Kona Grill spot at 11221 W. Broad St. in West Broad Village in Short Pump. Read the story.
The Foundation, a new nightlife lounge concept from the Lindsey Food Group, opened in March at 401 E. Grace St. in downtown Richmond. Read the story.
Lillian, the buzzworthy new oyster hall from Patrick and Megan Phelan, opened at 3001 W. Leigh St. in Scott's Addition in January. Read the story.
West End, a new tapas and cocktail bar, opened at The Park in January. Read the story.
Importante Bodega Bar, a new tapas and wine bar, opened in Carytown at  3031 W. Cary St. Read the story.
River City Wood Fire Pizza, a longtime Richmond food truck, has opened a new brick-and-mortar at 2300 Genito Road in Powhatan. Read the story.
The new Chipotle Mexican Grill at 15500 Hull Street Road in Chesterfield County has a drive-thru pickup lane.
The new Raising Cane's across from the Diamond at 3064 N. Arthur Ashe Boulevard is now open. Read the story.
The new Chipotle at 3064 N. Arthur Ashe Blvd. across from The Diamond opened in March. Read the story.
Bad As Philly, a fast-casual cheesesteak shop, is now open in the Fan at 2001½ W. Main St. in Richmond. Read the story.
Gather & Hem is a new cocktail lounge with upscale cocktails and shareable plates in the Hilton Richmond Downtown at 501 E. Broad St.
Brecotea Bakery & Café, an Asian-inspired bakery that sells desserts and boba tea, has opened a new location in Midlothian at 11544 Busy St. Read the story.
Pho 60 Café, a new Vietnamese restaurant, is now open at 10201 Midlothian Turnpike. Read the story.
The Hive Bar & Grill and The Hive Market are now open in Jackson Ward at 23 W. Marshall St. Read the story.
KavaClub, Richmond's first kava bar, is now open at 1529 W. Main St. and serving kava. Read the story.
Honest Indian Vegetarian Restaurant is now open at 8900 W. Broad St. Read the story.
Venezuelan restaurant Maracuchos Fast Food RVA has opened at 13979 Raised Antler Circle in Midlothian. Read the story.
El Chido has opened its sixth location at 11001 Midlothian Turnpike. El Chido is a taqueria owned by Cruz Albaanio (in the photo) with most of its locations in Henrico. Read the story. 
Oh Mochi, the Richmond sweet shop serving mochi donuts, Korean corn dogs and boba tea, has opened an outpost at The Park at 1407 Cummings Drive. Read the story.
Take a look at the following restaurants and breweries that closed or announced they will be closing this year. 
Chelsea Jackson (804) 649-6965
cjackson@timesdispatch.com
Features Reporter
Youngkin, GA declare working truce; GRTC free fares to continue; Smoke & Barrel opens in Fan 
Richmond has a new poet laureate: Joanna Lee, leader of the Richmond writing group River City Poets, who has a background in healing and creativity.
The Art of Housing will put up artwork for auction from Richmond artists such as Mickael Broth, Emily Herr, Hamilton Glass and more to help fa…
Smoke & Barrel is now open in the former Lady N’Awlins space in The Fan at 2329 W. Main St.
Diana Ross, the iconic entertainer, is headed to Richmond on Oct. 22.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.