Actually, this post merely serves to document some of the worthwhile game day links.
Again . . .
Our contention is Travis Swift romance is just an NFL publicity stunt worth hundreds of millions of bucks. 
But, this is a bit of "reporting" for young women who don't want to be bothered with even a modicum of media literary . . . Check the drama . . . 
Travis’ mood put a real damper on the festivities — and led to his first fight with his girlfriend of five months, Taylor Swift, also 34. (Taylor attended Travis’ Christmas Day game along with her parents and brother and his girlfriend; Travis’ dad, Ed, was also in attendance.)“The game pretty much ruined Taylor and Travis’ holidays,” says the source. “Travis wasn’t himself for days after. He snapped at Taylor and they had their first fight. He apologized after but Taylor definitely felt hurt and confused. It was rough.”
Read more via www.TonysKansasCity.com link . . . 
Travis Kelce didn't hold back while talking about his 2023 Christmas during the December 29 bonus episode of his "New Heights" podcast. "[It was the] f--king worst," he told his brother, Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce, recalling the Kansas City Chiefs' loss to the Las Vegas Raiders. "I've had better."
For us . . . This ruined the season and might make this playoff game unbearable . . . But here are some relevant stories on today's contest as well: 
The Kansas City Chiefs are urging fans to bundle up for game day at Arrowhead Stadium as the team prepares to take on the Miami Dolphins in what meteorologists are predicting will be brutally cold conditions Saturday night.
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Tyreek Hill told reporters on Thursday that he won't be wearing sleeves against the Kansas City Chiefs game, despite freezing temperatures.
The Chiefs, last year's Super Bowl winners, host the Dolphins at Arrowhead Stadium in the Wild Card round of the playoffs in freezing cold temperatures in Kansas City.
Miami Dolphins fans arrive in Kansas City for their Wild Card game vs the Chiefs, some even in shorts and t-shirts when they landed at KCI.
The KSHB 41 weather team said wind chills are expected to reach below 0° for most of Saturday, with as cold as minus-12° wind chills at kickoff.
With an NFL playoff game on Peacock, we've reached a new level of chaos.
How to watch the Kansas City Chiefs play the Miami Dolphins in the NFL's Wild Card playoff matchup, including TV schedule, start time, live stream and odds for the game.
Developing . . . 
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management