Millie Bobby Brown and her fiance Jake Bongiovi enjoyed a relaxed day out with a young tot.
The couple looked at ease as they enjoyed some down-time on a sweet day out. Fans did a double take when they saw the couple who got engaged last year pushing a stroller around - as it was not their own child. Rather, they appeared to be babysitting.
Millie looked cool in a white sweatshirt and grey joggers with a black stripe down the side. She wore an oversized jacket over her ensemble, which she later took off and covered her young companion with.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Millie Bobby Brown slammed as 'entitled' after revealing how she treats restaurant staff
Jake went for a casual look too. He teamed a green hoodie with blue joggers as he enjoyed his day out. Millie, and Jon Bon Jovi's son Jake, announced their engagement in April 2023.
Now it has been revealed her Stranger Things co-star Matthew Modine, who portrays her character's father in the hit series, is to marry her at her wedding. Millie, 20, and Jake Bongiovi, 21, announced their engagement in April 2023. Matthew, who plays the role of Dr Martin Brenner - or Papa - in Stranger Things will officiate his on-screen daughter's wedding.
Not only will Matthew, 65, officiate the wedding, but he claims to have already written Millie and Jake's wedding vows. Speaking to Access Daily, he recently revealed: "I have one of those licences to get people married, and Millie thought it'd be great, and then Jake said it would be a great idea."
He went on to reveal that his on-screen daughter and her husband-to-be "loved" what he wrote for them "to join hands and to become husband and wife". Matthew then revealed that he had only ever officiated one other wedding ceremony before, touching on how it was "such a beautiful thing to be able to join two people in holy matrimony".
In Stranger Things, Millie plays the role of Eleven - a young child with special powers that are studied at the Hawkins Laboratory. Dr Brenner isn’t actually Eleven’s father, but she and the other kids in the lab all call him Papa as they don't know who their real parents are.
Eleven's real father in Stranger Things was army veteran Andrew Rich, and her mother was a college student called Terry Ives. Her mother decided to take part in the experiment with the belief she was helping her country during the 1960s. However, she fell pregnant while taking part, which is why Eleven was in the laboratory.
The Eleven actress, Millie, has been dating Jon Bon Jovi's son Jake since 2021, with their engagement coming to light a year ago. Quoting Taylor Swift's hit song Lover when she announced her and Jake's engagement, Millie shared a snap on Instagram and penned: "I've loved you three summers now, honey, I want 'em all."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.