Showers this morning becoming a steady rain during the afternoon hours. High 68F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch..
                                
Cloudy with occasional rain late. Low 51F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:24 am
Columnist
Andrew Waite's 6-year-old daughter dances along to "The Eras Tour Film." 
WEIGHING IN - Recently, my 6-year-old daughter has been singing Taylor Swift songs as often as any devoted Swiftie. Only she doesn’t understand what all the words mean, so sometimes she confuses certain lines.
Javascript is required for you to be able to read premium content. Please enable it in your browser settings.
Columnist Andrew Waite can be reached at awaite@dailygazette.net and at 518-417-9338. Find him on X @UpstateWaite
After two decades of troubled leadership, Schenectady's schools welcomed the current superintendent's steadying presence. Losing him would loom large, our columnist writes. 
Columnist

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest food and drink articles delivered to your inbox every Thursday.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
HV360 headlines to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Sign up today to receive email newsletters of local daily obituaries.
Get the Register Star and Daily Mail E-edition delivered directly to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.