Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call via AP Images
It is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury
Signifying nothing.
— William Shakespeare, Macbeth (Act 5, Scene 5, lines 26–28)
As House Republicans battle amongst themselves over spending bills and aid packages for Israel and Ukraine, Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) contributed several amendments that, while they’re highly unlikely to become law, did at least provide some amusement for congressional news junkies.
Greene’s tenure in Congress thus far is marked by an abundance of outrageous headlines but bereft of any significant legislative accomplishments. A search of the legislation she has sponsored brings up only two bills that even passed the House — one to rename a federal courthouse in Georgia after a judge who died in 2022 and one to impeach Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas — but neither has passed the Senate to become law, with the latter coming to a swift and embarrassing end for Republicans when the Democrat-controlled Senate voted down the Mayorkas impeachment articles within hours of House Republicans walking them through the Senate doors.
That hasn’t stopped Greene from filing all sorts of resolutions and amendments, and among her latest is an appropriation for a Jewish Space Laser.
Yes really.
In 2021, one of Greene’s Facebook posts from 2018 was found that blamed the California wildfires on “lasers of blue beams of light” directed by a corporate entity connected to the Rothschild family, who are Jewish. Hey, if she’s going to peddle an anti-Semitic conspiracy theory, at least she’s making up a unique one.
At the time, Greene had complained that she hadn’t ever said “Jewish Space Lasers,” which is true, she didn’t actually use that exact phrase, but it’s 2024 now and she seems fine running with it.
As several sharp-eyed observers noted, Greene filed an amendment to the Israel funding bill that included “such sums as necessary shall be used for the development of space laser technology on the southwest border.”
“This is not parody,” wrote Ari Rabin-Havt, the former deputy campaign manager for Bernie Sanders. “Yes let me repeat, MTG literally wants to appropriate money for a Jewish Space Laser.”
Marjorie Taylor Greene has offered an amendment to the Israel funding bill to create space lasers. This is not parody. 
Yes let me repeat, MTG literally wants to appropriate money for a Jewish Space Laser.
The amendment on the Rules Committee site:https://t.co/y9UEOMJ72a..
— Ari Rabin-Havt (@AriRabinHavt) April 18, 2024
“This is real, not made up,” commented congressional staffer Aaron Fritschner. Both he and Rabin-Havt included links to the official House website page showing the Greene amendment was, in fact, an actual amendment filed to an actual bill by an actual member of Congress.
Marjorie Taylor Greene offers an amendment to make funds from the Israel funding bill available “for the development of space laser technology on the southwest border.”
This is real, not made up— it’s amendment 11 herehttps://t.co/4IYE7Z8359H/T @juliegraceb pic.twitter.com/Aq01a7zDRM
— Aaron Fritschner (@Fritschner) April 18, 2024
The Jewish Space Lasers weren’t Greene’s only contributions to a future D.C. bar trivia game; she also filed an amendment to the Ukraine bill that requires “[a]ny Member of Congress who votes in favor of this Act” to “conscript in the Ukraine military.”
Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene introduced an amendment requiring members to “conscript in the Ukrainian military” if they vote for the Ukraine supplemental bill. pic.twitter.com/n0SykKpA3I
— Juliegrace Brufke (@juliegraceb) April 17, 2024
This was just the latest in a long string of amendments Greene has filed for the Ukraine bill that have an extremely dubious chance of passage, including placing conditions like requiring Ukraine to provide assistance “to build a wall on the United States southern border,” demanding President Volodymr Zelensky resign, paying for any funding from the salaries of any member of Congress who voted for the bill, demanding President Joe Biden withdraw the U.S. from NATO, and demanding Ukraine ban abortion.
Rep. Jared Moskowitz (D-FL) reacted to Greene’s latest amendments by tweeting that he had “[j]ust submitted an amendment…appointing MTG as Putin’s Special Envoy to the United States Congress.”
Just submitted an amendment to Bill drafting appointing MTG as Putin’s Special Envoy to the United States Congress. https://t.co/Gn8Dd3lZwj
— Jared Moskowitz (@JaredEMoskowitz) April 18, 2024
The text of Moskowitz’s amendment reads as follows:
Whereas Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene (GA-14) has repeatedly attempted to block aid to Ukraine, empowering Vladimir Putin’s unlawful violation of Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity.
Whereas Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene (GA-14) has reposted information from the Strategic Culture Foundation, a Russian based disinformation and propaganda channel that has been sanctioned by OFAC.
It is the sense of Congress that Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene (GA-14) should be appointed Vladimir Putin’s Special Envoy to the United States Congress.
Moskowitz filed another amendment to the Ukraine bill to rename 403 Cannon House Office Building the “Neville Chamberlain Room,” after the British prime minister who infamously attempted to appease Adolf Hitler (spoiler alert: letting the Nazis have the Sudetenland in Czechoslovakia did not bring peace for our time).
403 Cannon is the location of Greene’s congressional offices.
Sarah Rumpf joined Mediaite in 2020 and is a Contributing Editor focusing on politics, law, and the media.  

A native Floridian, Sarah attended the University of Florida, graduating with a double major in Political Science and German, and earned her Juris Doctor, cum laude, from the UF College of Law.  

Sarah's writing has been featured at National Review, The Daily Beast, Reason, Law&Crime, Independent Journal Review, Texas Monthly, The Capitolist, Breitbart Texas, Townhall, RedState, The Orlando Sentinel, and the Austin-American Statesman, and her political commentary has led to appearances on television, radio, and podcast programs across the globe.

Follow Sarah on Bluesky and  Threads.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.