On Thursday, Taylor Swift revealed the first single from her highly anticipated album “The Tortured Poets Department.”
Swift has chosen the album's first song “Fortnight,” featuring Grammy-winning artist Post Malone, as her lead single.
She wrote on Instagram, “I’ve been such a huge fan of Post because of the writer he is, his musical experimentation and those melodies he creates that just stick in your head forever. I got to witness that magic come to life firsthand when we worked together on Fortnight. Honestly can’t wait for you guys to hear this song at Midnight TONIGHT and see the video at 8pm ET TOMORROW.”
Taylor later shared a teaser video with the message, "At this hearing, I stand before my fellow members of The Tortured Poets Department with a summary of my findings. Album tonight. Fortnight music video tomorrow at 8pm et."
Swifties quickly clocked one clever detail in the striking similarity between Taylor's 2024 Grammys look and one she wears in the video!
She also seems to be channeling Golden Age "It" girl actress Clara Bow — track 16 on "TTPD" is called "Clara Bow."
Fans have delved deep into the 1920s "It girl” actress’ painful personal life. She was heavily scrutinized and rumors about her became fodder for the media. (Sound like anyone else we know?) She became socially withdrawn and entered a psychiatric facility at one point.
On Wednesday, Swift had hinted that a major announcement was happening at 2 p.m. ET. via a countdown that appeared on her website.
Many speculated that it would be “Fortnight”-related since 2 o’clock is 14 in military time.
Taylor also posted a video that ended with a calendar zoomed in on 4/19, which read, “The Tortured Poets Department Release Day," and, "8 p.m. ET music video release!!" At the bottom of the date box were 14 tally marks. She captioned the video, “TTPD timetable.”
Fans thought the tally marks suggested "Fortnight" (feat. Post Malone) would be the first music video, since a fortnight is 14 days.
Further, Taylor had QR code murals pop up in cities around the world, each revealing a letter to spell out "For a Fortnight."
The "The Tortured Poets Department" album drops April 19 at midnight.
See how the stars are celebrating Easter 2025 with their families!
The stars of Hollywood came out to honor the stars of science at the 11th Breakthrough Prize Ceremony.
Stars hit the red carpet at the 2025 iHeartRadio Music Awards!
The stars were out for Le Grand Dîner du Louvre in Paris.
Stars step out to party after the Academy Awards at the 2025 Vanity Fair Oscar Party!
The stars mix and mingle at 2025 Oscars pre-parties!
Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities
            and breaking entertainment news!

Privacy Policy |
          Terms of Use |
          Ad Choices
          © 2025 Telepictures Productions Inc. In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment
        
Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities and breaking entertainment news!
© 2025 Telepictures Productions Inc.  In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment