e-Edition
Get the latest news in your inbox!
Get the latest news in your inbox!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Here are some of the best things to do this weekend in San Diego from Thursday, Jan. 4 to Sunday, Jan. 7.
Final weekend of Rady Children’s ice rink: In the Liberty Station ARTS DISTRICT, Rady Children’s Hospital Auxiliary and the NTC Foundation will will host the final weekend at their ice rink. Proceeds from ticket sales will go to program called Thriving After Cancer. Tickets include a helmet rental and skates and can be purchased at the rink or online. 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday through Sunday. Arts District Liberty Station, 2820 Roosevelt Road, San Diego. rchicerink.org
First Friday at the Arts District: First Friday is an opportunity to meet artists, explore galleries and workshops and participate in special events on the first Friday of every month in the Arts District. The San Diego Watercolor Society will host an opening reception from 5 to 8 p.m. Other activities include a flower sculpting workshop, a free kids craft and an opportunity to make a Valentine collage. Times and costs vary. Liberty Station. See a full list of events: libertystation.com/events/calendar#1-5-2024 
Storytime for Adults with ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder): Head to the library for a structured storytime with an art activity and sensory materials with Casa de Mosaic. This event takes place every Friday with a different theme. Participants are asked to attend with a supporter if needed. 1:30 to 2:30 p.m. College/Rolando Library, 6600 Montezuma Road, San Diego. sandiego.librarymarket.com/event/storytime-adults-asd-334255
Pechanga powwow: This celebration of tribal culture and community returns featuring tribal songs, dance and music from around the U.S. and Canada. Visitors can enjoy Native American crafts and food and join in on dances. There will be a free fireworks show on Friday starting at 7 p.m., with recommended viewing on the grass field outside The Cove. Friday through Sunday. Summit Events Center, 45000 Pala Road, Temecula. Free. pechanga.com/entertain/pechanga-pow-wow
Taylor Swift-inspired dance party: The House of Blues will host “Taylor’s Version – A Swiftie Dance Party” for fans of Taylor Swift. Participants must be 18 or older with identification. 9 p.m. Friday. House of Blues, 1055 Fifth Ave., San Diego. $24. houseofblues.com/sandiego
Shark & Ray Presentation: For lovers of ocean creatures, Living Coast Discovery Center hosts an encounter with animals from under the sea. The presentation includes a visit with a loggerhead sea turtle named Sapphire, rays, leopard sharks and more. These talks take place each Wednesday through Sunday. 1:30 p.m. Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Living Coast Discovery Center, 1000 Gunpowder Point Drive, Chula Vista. Admission to Discovery Center is $20 for adults, $15 for children, free for kids under 2 years old. thelivingcoast.org/programs-events-upcoming-events/shark-ray-presentation/2024-01-05
Arely’s hosts 20th anniversary events: Arely’s French Bakery in Clairemont is celebrating its 20th birthday this month with gift card giveaways. Each day from today through Jan. 20, Arely’s will give away a $20 gift card via its Instagram page instagram.com/arelysfrenchbakery. Then, from 3 to 4 p.m. Jan. 20, it will host a public anniversary reception featuring free bites of quiches, salads, charcuterie and treats. Also, every Friday this month, Arely’s will offer guests ordering breakfast, lunch or dinner entrées a free glass of Champagne. 4961 Clairemont Drive, Suite A, San Diego. Visit arelyfrenchbakery.com.
soundON Festival 2024 kicks off tonight: San Diego New Music and the Athenaeum Music & Arts Library present the 16th annual festival, featuring the music of NOISE collective,  composer Adam Green and new work by Mark Menzies in two Athenaeum locations this weekend. 7:30 p.m. Friday at 1955 Julian Ave., Logan Heights; and at 7:30 p.m. Saturday and 3 p.m. Sunday at 1008 Wall St., La Jolla. $12-$30. ljathenaeum.org/sound-on
 “Emerging Free”: San Diego Watercolor Society hosts an exhibition juried by Carol Mansfield featuring 95 water-media paintings. Opens with a reception from 5 to 8 p.m. Friday and runs through Jan. 27. Hours, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesdays-Sundays. 2825 Dewey Road, Building 202, Liberty Station, San Diego. sdws.org
“Paw Patrol Live! Heroes Unite”: VStar entertainment presents this interactive live touring show that features the canine stars of the popular children’s animated TV series in an all-new adventure. 6 p.m. today; 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Saturday; 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. Sunday. San Diego Civic Theatre, 1100 Third Ave., San Diego. $25-$45. sandiegotheatres.org/calendar
Little Fish Studio’s Comic Art Creation Workshop: Open to fifth through eighth graders with all kinds of interests, this workshop will teach the art of comic book creation and help artists with a improving their drawing skills. 1 to 2 p.m. Saturday. Community room at Allied Gardens/Benjamin Library, 5188 Zion Ave., San Diego. Free. sandiego.librarymarket.com/event/little-fish-studios-comic-art-creation-workshop-338204
Writing circle writing workshop: Open to writers older than 16 and any experience level or genre, this writing group will look to nature for inspiration. Set goals, get feedback and build a sustainable writing process. 10 a.m. to noon. Saturday. Skyline Hills Library, 7900 Paradise Valley Road, San Diego. Limited registration online: sandiego.librarymarket.com/event/writing-workshops-cultivating-joy-338229
‘New Song Old Tongue’ opens in Escondido: Homesteez art and furniture store in Escondido hosts an exhibit of recent multimedia works by Escondido artist Ben Day Todd that explore the themes of nature, animal and human figuration and prehistoric mark-making. Opening reception, 7 p.m. Saturday. Runs Saturday through Jan. 13. 129 E. Grand Ave., Escondido. instagram.com/homesteez, instagram.com/bendaytodd
A Very Furry Christmas: This is the final weekend for “A Very Furry Christmas” at Sesame Place, which includes themed shows, attractions and entertainment. Highlights include the “Elmo’s Christmas Wish” show, Cookie Claus, Furry Friends Christmas Dance Party and The Sesame Street Christmas Parade. Noon to 6 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. Sesame Place, 2052 Entertainment Circle, Chula Vista. Included with park admission, which starts at $67.99. sesameplacesandiego.com
Ize Trio performs at library: The Friends of the Encinitas Library presents the Ize Trio with Chase Morrin, Naseem Alatrash and George Lernis. North County’s own Chase Morrin is back for the third year to kick off the library concert’s 2024 season. The trio “breaks boundaries in jazz” with classical and folkloric traditions from the Middle East. The trio performs “new sounds of inclusion and global Jazz” and tell stories from around the world. The trio played at the Panama Jazz festival as Arts Envoy Ambassadors and played with the orchestra at the United Nations in 2023. 2 to 3 p.m. Sunday Encinitas Library, 540 Cornish Drive. Free. encinitaslibfriends.org/new-events/2024/1/7/ize-trio-chase-morrin-nassem-alatrash-george-lernis
Cancionero de Palacio: La Jolla Renaissance Singers a cappella choir will perform music of the Spanish Renaissance in two concerts this month. 3:30 p.m. Sunday at University City United Church, 2877 Governor Drive, San Diego; and at 4 p.m. Jan. 14 at San Marcos Lutheran Church, 3419 Grand Ave., San Marcos. ljrs.org
Matthew Worth leads Schumann program: Le Salon de Musiques presents the Grammy-wining baritone with pianist Francois Chouchan, violinists Kyle Gilner and Strauss Shi, violist Carson Rick and cellist Juliette Herlin performing Robert Schumann’s “Dichterliebe and Piano Quintet in E Flat major, and Carl Frühling’s Piano Quintet in F Sharp minor. 4 p.m. Sunday. La Jolla Women’s Club, 7791 Draper Ave., La Jolla. $45-$95. lesalondemusiques.com
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group