~ Say you'll remember me, standing in a nice dress, wearing some cute bobby pins ~
Every item on this page was chosen by a Woman's Day editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
If you woke up wondering how Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spent their first New Year's Eve together as a couple, that'd be celebrating at a party in Kansas City (fresh off the Chiefs' win, might we add). And thanks to footage of them kissing circulating around fan accounts, we know Taylor wore an incredible and very New Year's Eve-y outfit: a silver dress accessorized with celestial hairpins.
According to Page Six, Taylor sported the Vittoria Dress by Annie's x Clio Peppiatt, which is, ahem, a casual $2,013. 
But the good news is her straight-out-of-Midnights sparkly hairstyle ~lewk~ can be achieved at about a quarter of that price—plus, all the accessories you need are still available! Per Page Six, Taylor wore the Supernova Bobby Pin Set from Jennifer Behr on New Year's Eve, which retails for $425.
Pssst: You can also get them at Saks Fifth Avenue.
'Kay, before we go count our pennies, a quick update on how Taylor and Travis celebrated Christmas. According to a  Daily Mail source, the couple spent the holiday with their families in Kansas City (where Travis had a Xmas Day game), and it was amazing.
"Seeing their families together on such a special holiday was the best gift ever for Taylor," the insider said. "She's never had this happen before and it made the holiday the most meaningful one for her. Her friends think that this is just more proof that Travis is going to be a Swiftie for life."
The source then added, "Of course Travis was bummed that they did not win the game, But he is at the point in his career where he does not let this get to him too much and is looking forward to the next game." 
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Country Music Stars Share ACM Awards Stories
Drew Barrymore Is Focused on Digital Wellness
Top Songs of the 1950s 
Savannah Guthrie Reveals New Family Member
William and Kate’s 2024 Christmas Card Is Here
'GMA' Star Lara Spencer Reveals Major Health News
Tyler Perry Shares How He Carries His Mom's Legacy
'Today' Fans, See Hoda and Kathie Lee's Family Day
How Much $$ Sofronio Vasquez Won on 'The Voice'
Reba McEntire Just Wore the Best Holiday Sweater
'Today' Fans Tell Al Roker to "Take Care" on IG
Prince William's Stepbro Will Be at Royal Xmas 😬
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.