e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
SANTA CLARA – Viva Las Vegas? That is the 49ers’ plan, to live long enough through the NFC playoffs that they reach Allegiant Stadium for their only game away from home this postseason, Super Bowl LVIII.
It’s not a straight shot, however. They will have to win at least two games – both at Levi’s Stadium – as the NFC’s No. 1 seed before vying for the Lombardi Trophy on Feb. 11 in Las Vegas, six months after playing there in the preseason opener.
The 49ers (12-5) are exempt from this weekend’s wild-card round, as are the AFC No. 1-seed Baltimore Ravens. Their playoff openers will come next weekend in the divisional round, from which the 49ers advanced the past two years before falling in the NFC Championship Game.
Last season’s No. 1 seeds made it through the Lombardi Trophy Dash to meet in the Super Bowl, where the Kansas City Chiefs took down the Philadelphia Eagles.
Here is how this opening round will play out according to the following three-man weave:
Sunday, 1:30 p.m. PT
Cam Inman: The Cowboys, for at least this round, avoid an early exit after being bounced by the 49ers the past two postseasons, including a wild-card game in Arlington two years ago. Defensive coordinator Dan Quinn will deploy Micah Parsons to spoil Jordan Love’s playoff debut; that should convince the Seahawks or another team to hire Quinn as their head coach. Dak Prescott won’t ignore CeeDee Lamb until later in the playoffs, in the NFC final in Santa Clara. Score: Cowboys 31, Packers 17
Dieter Kurtenbach: The front-runners in silver and blue are set up nicely here against a young, inexperienced team that’s just happy to be there. Packers cornerback Jaire Alexander’s mid-week injury is worth a point in this game if he doesn’t play — the Green Bay defense is already terrible. This game could be fun for a while, but ultimately, the more well-rounded team — Dallas — will win. Score: Cowboys: 27, Packers 23
Jerry McDonald: The Cowboys haven’t played the Packers this year so they have no idea how good Love really is. If the Packers’ young receivers develop next season, he could contend for the MVP. But for now, Green Bay isn’t ready to beat Dallas at JerryWorld where Prescott, Lamb and Co. and have outscored opponents by 171 points in winning all eight games. Score: Cowboys 31, Packers 24
Sunday, 5 p.m. PT
Inman: Neither the Rams’ hot streak (won seven of eight since the bye) nor Matthew Stafford’s sentimental return to Detroit will be enough to keep Lions fans from celebrating after Detroit’s first home playoff game in 30 years (and Ford Field’s first). Stafford certainly could eviscerate the Lions’ secondary with targets to Cooper Kupp and Puka Nacua. But Aidan Hutchinson’s pass rush will force Stafford turnovers. Jared Goff (Marin Catholic High, Cal) needs a clean game, and tight end Sam LaPorta could help after all. Detroit running back David Montgomery hails from Iowa State – and 49ers fans know how great it can be to have a Cyclone in the backfield (see: Purdy, Brock). Score: Lions 26, Rams 24
Kurtenbach: I want to pick the Lions. That home crowd in the dome will be insane. But the Rams are the better team right now because they at least have a defense. Detroit offers no pass rush, no coverage, and is just ok against the run. The Rams are young and can be hit over the top, but that defensive line and linebacker core have impressed at the tail end of the season. Stafford over Goff with a field-goal kicker settling the score at the horn. Score: Rams 26, Lions 24
McDonald: This should easily be the best game of the weekend with Stafford headed back to Detroit and Goff facing the coach that ran him out of Los Angeles in Sean McVay. The Rams, having balanced their attack with Kyren Williams and having successfully developed a lot of young talent including Nacua, win a return trip to Levi’s Stadium to face the 49ers. For real this time. Score: Rams 34, Lions 28
Monday, 5 p.m. PT
Inman: The 49ers broke the Eagles two months ago in Philly. The time has come for Rocky to get off the canvas and fight back, for this round, at least. Don’t worry, the hangover from last year’s Super Bowl loss will get them. This is the Bucs’ fourth straight playoff trip, but something is missing this time – Tom Brady. Score: Eagles 27, Bucs 26
Kurtenbach: Jalen Hurts said he hasn’t thrown a ball since he injured his finger in Week 18. Matt Patricia is running the Eagles’ defense. SuperJawn (head coach Nick Siriani) is a front-runner who isn’t built to rally a bad team. The Bucs’ mediocre looks awesome in comparison. Belichick to the Eagles by next Friday. Score: Bucs 22, Eagles 18
McDonald: Back on Sept. 25, long before the Eagles went off a cliff and lost five of their last six games, they dominated the Bucs 25-11 by outrushing them 201 to 41 en route to 472 yards of total offense to 174. Even though the Bucs won five of their last six, it came against teams that weren’t very good or playing very poorly. I’ll take Hurts over a hobbling Baker Mayfield. Score: Eagles 24, Bucs 17
Saturday, 1:30 p.m. PT
Inman: Former 49ers defensive coordinator DeMeco Ryans delivered an AFC South title in his first year – and now the Texans’ first playoff win in five years. Another ex-Niner, Jimmie Ward, is on Injured Reserve. Rookie C.J. Stroud avoids Myles Garrett and the Texans score just enough points on the Browns. Score: Texans 23, Browns 20
Kurtenbach: The Texans’ defense hasn’t faced a quality offense in weeks. Every time they did, they were torched. The Browns are a top-tier offense with Joe Flacco. Weird, but true. And while everyone likes Stroud — he’s immensely talented — he’s not ready for this Browns’ defense. Also, NRG Stadium is going to have so much orange in it folks are going to think they’re back in the Astrodome. Score: Browns 33, Texans 25
McDonald: Flacco shredded Houston for 368 yards passing and three touchdowns on Christmas Eve in a one-sided Cleveland win, with Amari Cooper catching 11 passes for 265 yards and two touchdowns. The big difference this time around for the Texans is Stroud is back for Houston, missing the first meeting with a concussion while Davis Mills and Case Keenum took over. Giving the edge in this one to the Browns’ defense against Houston. Score: Browns 24, Houston 20
Saturday, 5 p.m. PT
Inman: The Chiefs won’t make the divisional round for the first time since 2017. Patrick Mahomes simply can’t uplift a terrible supporting cast, aside from the mighty Travis Kelce (and Taylor Swift). It makes little sense that an injury-ravaged Dolphins team finally beats a top-level team and does so in frigid conditions in an intimidating venue. That’s what makes the wild-card round so wild. Score: Dolphins 17, Chiefs 14
Kurtenbach: The Dolphins are going to score zero points. I have no other prediction. I have maintained for years that all NFL games should be played in domes, and this game will be my top citation in years to come. Score: Chiefs 20, Dolphins 0
McDonald: The Chiefs are faint copies of what they’ve been in previous years, but they’ve still got Mahomes and Kelce, they’re still at home in zero-degree weather and their defense has been stout all season. That Miami finished with losses to Baltimore (56-19) and Buffalo (21-14) does not inspire confidence. Things change if Raheem Mostert and De’Von Achane can get going on the ground to balance things for Tua Tagovaiola and Tyreek Hill. Score: Chiefs 20, Dolphins 14
Sunday, 10 a.m. PT
Inman: Big Ben ain’t walking through that Orchard Park door. Nor is T.J. Watt. The Bills advance and Josh Allen wins a playoff game for the fourth straight year. Score: Bills 17, Steelers 10
Kurtenbach: The weather report in Buffalo suggests that this game is going to be bitter cold with perhaps a foot of snow. I know the Bills have a run game now, but the Steelers do, too. I’m not riding high on the Bills train. They just have a great quarterback and he’s going to be limited Sunday. This game seems built for Pittsburgh — even without Watt (both teams should provide no pass rush). Again, all NFL games should be in domes. Score: Steelers 13, Bills 10
McDonald: Left for dead at 6-6 after an overtime Week 12 loss to Philadelphia, the Bills won their last five games to overtake Miami in the AFC East. Unless Allen (18 picks) throws a flurry of interceptions, I don’t see this one being close. Not with Mason Rudolph at quarterback for Pittsburgh, Najee Harris hobbling and Watt out with a knee injury. Score: Bills 30, Steelers 7
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group