Spoiler alert—the extra season three episode gives fans a look into the beloved character’s future.
Ludo Studio
 If you thought Taylor Swift had some tricks up her sleeve with the surprise double album release of The Tortured Poets Department, the Heelers are here to say "Hold my sippy cup."

 When we heard there was going to be a “Surprise” episode of Bluey after what we all thought was its season three finale, it’s safe to say my family reacted in a very Bluey way: “For real life?!”

 “Surprise” follows the super-sized 28-minute episode called “The Sign,” which was all about Bluey coping with a possible huge change in her life. Bandit and Chilli had put their home up for sale because he was offered a new job in a new city. Luckily the deal fell through and the Heelers were able to stay in their home. 

 The episode put to rest any rumors that season three would be the end of the series. It seemed like the perfect way to tie up the season, but apparently, there was much more of the story to tell.

 The new sneaky single episode, announced just a few hours before airtime on Disney+, does not disappoint, and picks up after the family is settled once again in their home. And in typical Bluey fashion, it has some very relatable themes for parents.

 Here’s what we learned—but a warning there are big spoilers ahead.

 The seven-minute episode at first appears to be like any other regular episode, but it’s packed with, you guessed it, a huge surprise at the end.

 It begins with Bingo and Bluey asking their mom what having children is like. Chilli struggles to respond as the girls make their dad play two different games when he just wants to relax and watch his race on television.

 Bingo makes Bandit babysit several fake babies while Bluey is playing with a tennis ball gun, chasing him around the house, refusing to play the same game as her younger sister. Bluey ambushes her dad at one point by ringing the doorbell of their home and hiding out of sight until he comes out onto the porch to search for who may have rang the bell.

 As more chaos ensues, Bandit trips over a bucket of water in the kitchen while holding Bingo’s “babies” running away from Bluey who is endlessly firing tennis balls at him. As he lays on the kitchen floor, half-singing to the fake babies and groaning from pain, Chilli exclaims: “Bluey! THAT’S what having kids is like.”

 It’s chaotic, messy, exhausting, sometimes painful, but also really fun (when you aren’t getting shot in the face with tennis balls.)

 “That’s the thing about kids- they’re always surprising you,” Bandit says as Bluey ends up switching games.

 Just when viewers thought the episode was ending, there is a jump in time. We see a glasses-wearing Chilli in the home—which is equipped with new tech and a robotic vacuum on the floor—answer the door when the doorbell rings. The door opens to reveal a familiar-looking Blue Heeler on the front porch.

 “Bluey!” she cries, as they give a big hug. Then it hits you: Bluey is now an adult, and she’s come back to visit her parents in their old home.

 “Just thought I’d pop by,” the older Bluey says to her mom as Chilli calls out for Bandit to come to the door.

 “The house is looking good!” Bluey explains, as Chilli quips, “Thanks! Can you believe Dad almost sold it?”

 “Are you ever going to let that go?” Bandit exclaims.

 The doorbell then rings again, but no one is there when Bandit opens the door. Then he hears the sound of the tennis ball gun firing up, and the camera shows a little Blue Heeler, with black and white ears, hiding in ambush, just like Bluey used to do. The realization hits again that it’s Bluey’s child gearing up to attack his or her Grandpa.

 The episode ends with a lot more questions than answers. How old is Bluey? Does she still live at home? Is her child a boy or a girl? How old is the child? Where is Bingo?

 But the biggest question that has taken over social media chats: Who is the father?

 “BLUEY AND MACKENZIE HAD A BABY,” one commenter exclaims on the TikTok account, @radflough, which posted the scene. The post garnered 3.2 million views by early Sunday morning.

 You may remember that Mackenzie is a black and white Border Collie who becomes good friends with Bluey after moving to Brisbane from New Zealand. Viewers saw some of his backstory in the episode “Barky Boats.”

 Their friendship hits a snag after Bluey changes up the rules of the game they are playing, and Mackenzie quits. Bluey later apologizes to her friend, and the pups agree to start listening to each other.

 “It’s definitely McKenzie,” speculates another TikToker. “Look at the kid's ears… they are the same as McKenzie’s.”

 For now, creators of the show aren’t spilling any more details, and we will just have to be patient and wait for a fourth season, whenever that should be.

 But there will no doubt be more surprises in store for the Heelers!

 The additional Bluey episode "Surprise" is now airing on Disney+, Disney Junior and Disney Channel.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)