By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:07, 21 April 2024   |  Updated:  05:33, 21 April 2024   
 571
View  comments
Taylor Swift's personal trainer, Kirk Myers, revealed the pop star's workout routine is so intense that it would make most people sick to attempt.
While speaking about his client's gym routine, the Dogpound Gym founder, who was born and raised in Kansas City, raved that the 11-time Grammy winner's 'work ethic is just incredible.'
'It's really hard, some people would probably throw up or have to lay down on the floor if they trained like her,' he told Vogue. 
After a decade of training the singer, Myers joked he is finally 'ready to be known as Taylor Swift's trainer.' 
'I don't think there's a cooler title out there,' the celebrity trainer, who has worked with clients ranging from supermodel Adriana Lima to Justin Bieber, 
Taylor Swift's personal trainer, Kirk Myers, revealed the pop star's workout routine is so intense that it would make most people sick to attempt
As for how he helped prepare for The Eras Tour, for which she performs for 3 hours and 15 minutes straight, he explained Swift's workouts are 'tailored.' 
'We approached her training for the Eras tour with the mindset like a professional athlete. There was an off-season when she wasn't touring and in-season when she was,' he explained. 
Myers revealed when she's not touring, they're 'in the gym up to six days a week for sometimes two hours a day.'
The pair focus on strength, conditioning, and targeting her core, which is integral to keeping her in shape for performing, singing and dancing.
Even as she toured across the globe, Myers said Swift 'trained during the entire tour.'
'We would average two times a week. In-season training was more about maintenance, and so it was more like stability, mobility, biomechanics,' he said. 
The trainer continued: 'If you've seen the show, you know how intense it is physically. Imagine doing that three, four days in a row and then you finally have a few off days and you're still showing up to gym. That's Taylor.' 
For fans wanting to train like the Fortnite crooner, Myers advised people focus on strength and conditioning as well as 'actually breathing' while working on their cores.
While speaking about his client's gym routine, the Dogpound Gym founder, who was born and raised in Kansas City, raved that the 11-time Grammy winner's 'work ethic is just incredible'
'It's really hard, some people would probably throw up or have to lay down on the floor if they trained like her,' he told Vogue
'Taylor is the most resilient person I have ever met,' Myers adds. 'It's super-inspiring to see her consistently overcome obstacles and become better and stronger in the end. This also translates into her training and throughout her workouts.'
He added: 'I give her a difficult exercise or challenging workout, not only is she able to complete and push through it—but she also perseveres, moving forward into the next exercise. This ultimately makes her stronger, better, and faster.' 
Myers, who was already a fan when they met through friends, noted his favorite tracks of hers are Shake It Off, 22 and If I Were a Man.
'I’ve never intentionally played her music while we are training, but I love it, so yes at times it’s come on the playlist,' he mused.
After a decade of training the singer, Myers joked he was 'ready to be known as Taylor Swift's trainer' (seen above in November 2023) 
In December, Swift detailed her grueling workout regimen that helped her prepare for her Eras Tour - from running on a treadmill while singing to quitting all alcohol. 
'I knew this tour was harder than anything I’d ever done before by a long shot,' she told Time magazine, who has named her 2023's Person of the Year. 
Taylor explained that she started training six months before the tour kicked off at Myers' gym, Dogpound - a 'state-of-the-art' facility 'offering bespoke team, private training, lifestyle advice,' according to its website.
She recalled performing her entire setlist while running on a treadmill, so that she would be ready to belt out her hits while moving around the stage.
'Every day I would run on the treadmill, singing the entire set list out loud,' she continued. 'Fast for fast songs, and a jog or a fast walk for slow songs.'
For fans wanting to train like the Fortnite crooner, Myers advised people to focus on strength and conditioning as well as 'actually breathing' while working on their cores 
 She also incorporated 'strength, conditioning, and weights.'
Three months before the tour, Taylor also began working relentlessly with choreographer Mandy Moore, to learn the dance moves.
Mandy was recommended to her by her pal Emma Stone. Emma had previously worked with Mandy on the musical La La Land.
The pop star admitted, 'Learning choreography is not my strong suit. I had three months of dance training, because I wanted to get it in my bones.
'I wanted to be so over-rehearsed that I could be silly with the fans, and not lose my train of thought.'
The musician told the publication that in the past, she lived 'like a frat guy' on the road, but this time was different.
'Taylor is the most resilient person I have ever met,' Myers adds. 'It's super-inspiring to see her consistently overcome obstacles and become better and stronger in the end. This also translates into her training and throughout her workouts. 
In December, Swift detailed her grueling workout regimen that helped her prepare for her Eras Tour - from running on a treadmill while singing to quitting all alcohol 
 She explained that she cut out alcohol completely ahead of the tour, adding, 'Doing that show with a hangover... I don’t want to know that world.'
While reflecting on the impressive length of her show, Taylor said that she wanted to give her fans something special since she knew how hard they had to work to get there.
When the Eras Tour tickets first went on sale last year - millions failed to get their hands on a ticket, which lead to a highly-publicized war between Swifties and the company that sold them, Ticketmaster.
'They had to work really hard to get the tickets,' Taylor noted. 'I wanted to play a show that was longer than they ever thought it would be, because that makes me feel good leaving the stadium.'
And putting on the immense performance certainly takes a toll on Taylor. She usually performs two or three shows in a row which is followed by a bunch of days off before the next set of concerts.
She admitted that she needs a full day to recover after she finishes a run of shows, and that she can 'barely speak' or walk afterwards.
'I knew this tour was harder than anything I’d ever done before by a long shot,' she told Time magazine, who has named her 2023's Person of the Year 
 'I do not leave my bed except to get food and take it back to my bed and eat it there [for the first day after the shows],' she revealed.
'It’s a dream scenario. I can barely speak because I’ve been singing for three shows straight. Every time I take a step my feet go crunch, crunch, crunch from dancing in heels.'
But no matter how sore she is, Taylor vowed that nothing will keep her from getting back on the stage when the next concert comes.
'I know I’m going on that stage whether I’m sick, injured, heartbroken, uncomfortable, or stressed,' she added.
Taylor explained that she started training six months before the tour kicked off at Myers' gym, Dogpound, and would perform her entire setlist while running on the treadmill (seen in  February)
Three months before the tour, Taylor also began working relentlessly with choreographer Mandy Moore, to learn the dance moves; pictured in April 2023
'That’s part of my identity as a human being now. If someone buys a ticket to my show, I’m going to play it unless we have some sort of force majeure.'
In the end, she said she hopes that revisiting her old 'eras' for the concert will encourage others to 'celebrate who they are now, where they're going, and where they've been.'
'Every part of you that you’ve ever been, every phase you’ve ever gone through, was you working it out in that moment with the information you had available to you at the time,' she concluded.
'There’s a lot that I look back at like, "Wow, a couple years ago I might have cringed at this."
'You should celebrate who you are now, where you’re going, and where you’ve been.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group