The House approved a $95 billion package of foreign aid for Ukraine, Israel and other U.S. allies after months of political turmoil on Capitol Hill. Congressional leaders pushed aside opposition from hard-right conservatives to complete the bill which now goes to the Senate. 
WASHINGTON — The House swiftly approved $95 billion in foreign aid for Ukraine, Israel and other U.S. allies in a rare Saturday session as Democrats and Republicans banded together after months of hard-right resistance over renewed American support for repelling Russia's invasion.
With an overwhelming vote, the $61 billion in aid for Ukraine passed in a matter of minutes, a strong showing as American lawmakers race to deliver a fresh round of U.S. support to the war-torn ally. Many Democrats cheered on the House floor and waved blue-and-yellow flags of Ukraine.
Aid to Israel and the other allies also won approval by healthy margins, as did a measure to clamp down on the popular platform TikTok, with unique coalitions forming to push the separate bills forward. The whole package will go to the Senate, which could pass it as soon as Tuesday. President Joe Biden has promised to sign it immediately.
"We did our work here, and I think history will judge it well," said a weary Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., who risked his own job to marshal the package to passage.
Biden, in a statement, thanked Johnson, Democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries and the bipartisan coalition of lawmakers "who voted to put our national security first."
"I urge the Senate to quickly send this package to my desk so that I can sign it into law and we can quickly send weapons and equipment to Ukraine to meet their urgent battlefield needs," the president said.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine said he was "grateful" to both parties in the House and "personally Speaker Mike Johnson for the decision that keeps history on the right track," he said on X, formerly Twitter.
"Thank you, America!" he said.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the U.S. House of Representatives for passing the foreign aid bill in his nightly video-address on Saturday.
Subscribe: http://smarturl.it/AssociatedPress
Read more: https://apnews.com​
This video may be available for archive licensing via https://newsroom.ap.org/home
The scene in Congress was a striking display of action after months of dysfunction and stalemate fueled by Republicans, who hold the majority but are deeply split over foreign aid, particularly for Ukraine. Johnson relied on Democrats to ensure the military and humanitarian funding — the first major package for Ukraine since December 2022 — won approval.
The morning opened with a somber and serious debate and an unusual sense of purpose as Republican and Democratic leaders united to urge quick approval, saying that would ensure the United States supported its allies and remained a leader on the world stage. The House's visitor galleries were crowded with onlookers.
"The eyes of the world are upon us, and history will judge what we do here and now," said Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
Rep. Gregory Meeks, D-N.Y., the ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, left, walks with Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., the speaker emerita, as lawmakers arrive to vote Saturday on $95 billion in foreign aid for U.S. allies.
Passage through the House cleared away the biggest hurdle to Biden's funding request, first made in October as Ukraine's military supplies began to run low.
The GOP-controlled House struggled for months over what to do, first demanding that any assistance for Ukraine be tied to policy changes at the U.S.-Mexico border, only to immediately reject a bipartisan Senate offer along those very lines.
Reaching an endgame has been an excruciating lift for Johnson that has tested both his resolve and his support among Republicans, with a small but growing number now openly urging his removal from the speaker's office. Yet congressional leaders cast the votes as a turning point in history — an urgent sacrifice as U.S. allies are beleaguered by wars and threats from continental Europe to the Middle East to the Indo-Pacific.
"Sometimes when you are living history, as we are today, you don't understand the significance of the actions of the votes that we make on this House floor, of the effect that it will have down the road," said New York Rep. Gregory Meeks, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. "This is a historic moment."
Opponents, particularly the hard-right Republicans from Johnson's majority, argued that the U.S. should focus on the home front, addressing domestic border security and the nation's rising debt load, and they warned against spending more money, which largely flows to American defense manufacturers, to produce weaponry used overseas.
Still, Congress has seen a stream of world leaders visit in recent months, from Zelenskyy to Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, all but pleading with lawmakers to approve the aid. Globally, the delay left many questioning America's commitment to its allies.
At stake has been one of Biden's top foreign policy priorities — halting Russian President Vladimir Putin's advance in Europe. After engaging in quiet talks with Johnson, the president quickly endorsed Johnson's plan, paving the way for Democrats to give their rare support to clear the procedural hurdles needed for a final vote.
"We have a responsibility, not as Democrats or Republicans, but as Americans to defend democracy wherever it is at risk," Jeffries said during the debate.
Pro-Palestinian activists demonstrate Saturday outside the Capitol in Washington.
While aid for Ukraine failed to win a majority of Republicans, several dozen progressive Democrats voted against the bill aiding Israel as they demanded an end to the bombardment of Gaza that has killed thousands of civilians. A group of roughly 20 hard-right Republicans voted against every portion of the aid package, including for allies like Israel and Taiwan that have traditionally enjoyed support from the GOP.
At the same time, Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has loomed large over the fight, weighing in from afar via social media statements and direct phone calls with lawmakers as he tilts the GOP to a more isolationist stance with his "America First" brand of politics.
Ukraine's defense once enjoyed robust, bipartisan support in Congress, but as the war enters its third year, a majority of Republicans opposed further aid. Trump ally Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, R-Ga., offered an amendment to zero out the money, but it was rejected.
Activists supporting Ukraine demonstrate outside the Capitol in Washington, Saturday, April 20, 2024, as the House prepares to vote on approval of $95 billion in foreign aid for Ukraine, Israel and other U.S. allies. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
The ultraconservative House Freedom Caucus has derided the legislation as the "America Last" foreign wars package and urged lawmakers to defy Republican leadership and oppose it because the bills did not include border security measures.
Johnson's hold on the speaker's gavel has also grown more tenuous in recent days as three Republicans, led by Greene, supported a "motion to vacate" that can lead to a vote on removing the speaker. Egged on by far-right personalities, she is also being joined by a growing number of lawmakers including Reps. Paul Gosar, R-Ariz., and Thomas Massie, R-Ky., who is urging Johnson to voluntarily step aside.
The package included several Republican priorities that Democrats endorsed, or at least are willing to accept. Those include proposals that allow the U.S. to seize frozen Russian central bank assets to rebuild Ukraine; impose sanctions on Iran, Russia, China and criminal organizations that traffic fentanyl; and legislation to require the China-based owner of the popular video app TikTok to sell its stake within a year or face a ban in the United States.
Still, the all-out push to get the bills through Congress is a reflection not only of politics, but realities on the ground in Ukraine. Top lawmakers on national security committees, who are privy to classified briefings, have grown gravely concerned about the tide of the war as Russia pummels Ukrainian forces beset by a shortage of troops and ammunition.
Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., announced the Senate would begin procedural votes on the package Tuesday, saying, "Our allies across the world have been waiting for this moment."
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell, as he prepared to overcome objections from his right flank next week, said, "The task before us is urgent. It is once again the Senate's turn to make history."
A woman poses for a social media campaign in Kyiv, Ukraine, Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023. The sign reads, “Looking for a groom.”
Soviet-era statues are discarded outside a glass workshop in Kharkiv, Ukraine, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
A Ukrainian serviceman who recently returned from the trenches of Bakhmut smokes a cigarette in Chasiv Yar, Ukraine, Wednesday, March 8, 2023.
An officer in a special Ukrainian police unit falls as he fires a D-30 cannon towards Russian positions along the front line, near Kreminna, Ukraine, Friday, July 7, 2023.
Hennadiy Techyna, a Ukrainian serviceman from the international legion, exercises at a rehabilitation center in Vynnyky, Ukraine, Thursday, July 20, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
A woman takes a nap on the lap of her husband on a bench at St. Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv, Ukraine, Sunday, July 30, 2023.
Cadets practice trying on gas masks during a lesson in a bomb shelter in Kyiv, Ukraine, Tuesday, June 6, 2023.
A group of recent high school graduates leap as they pose for photos to celebrate their graduation in Kyiv, Ukraine, Monday, July 3, 2023.
A Ukrainian soldier fires a mortar at Russian positions on the front line near Bakhmut, Ukraine, Sunday, May 28, 2023.
A man plants sunflowers in his garden between a damaged Russian tank and its turret in the village of Velyka Dymerka, Ukraine, Wednesday, May 17, 2023.
A photograph of a Ukrainian serviceman is placed on his grave in the Alley of Glory section of the cemetery in Kharkiv, Ukraine, Friday, Feb. 24, 2023.
The mother of a Ukrainian army officer cries during her son's funeral in Krasnyk village, Ukraine, Friday, Dec. 29, 2023.
A Ukrainian police officer takes cover in front of a burning building in Avdiivka, Ukraine, Friday, March 17, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
The body of a Russian soldier lies inside a building in the village of Blahodatne, Ukraine, Saturday, June 17, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
A Ukrainian soldier talks on his radio during combat training in the north of Ukraine, Friday, Nov. 3, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
Mykhayl Shulha, center, cries next to the coffin of his sister Sofia Shulha during a funeral prayer in Uman, central Ukraine, Sunday, April 30, 2023. Sofia Shulha, 11, was killed in an attack on a residential building during the war with Russia.
A woman prays inside a church during Christmas celebrations in Kryvorivnia village, Ukraine, Sunday, Dec. 24, 2023.
Two women with mock AK-47 rifles participate in firearms training for civilians in Kyiv, Ukraine, Tuesday, July 11, 2023.
Priests walk to the cemetery during the funeral of Vladyslav Bondarenko in Kozyntsi, near Kyiv, Ukraine, Monday, March 6, 2023. Bondarenko, a paratrooper, died near Bakhmut.
An elderly woman wrapped in a blanket watches people dance in a subway station during an air raid alarm in Kyiv, Ukraine, Wednesday, March 1, 2023.
A Ukrainian assault unit commander passes by a dead Russian soldier on the front line near Andriivka, Ukraine, Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023.
An elderly woman walks out of her destroyed apartment in Odesa, Ukraine, Sunday, July 23, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
People swim in a lake near Druzhbivka in the Zhytomyr region in Ukraine, Friday, July 21, 2023.
A message written on a dirty, broken mirror reads "Ukraine will prevail" inside a badly damaged school in Kharkiv, Ukraine, Friday, Feb. 24, 2023. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
Ukrainian soldiers cover their ears to protect them from the sound of Russian shelling in a shelter on the front line in the Zaporizhzhia region, Ukraine, Sunday, July 2, 2023.
Children sing traditional songs during a Christmas celebration in Kryvorivnia village, Ukraine, Sunday, Dec. 24, 2023.
Military medics give first aid to wounded Ukrainian soldiers near Bakhmut, Ukraine, Thursday, Jan. 25, 2024.
A priest pays his respects during the funeral of Ukrainian serviceman and famous poet Maksym Kryvtsov in St. Michael Cathedral in Kyiv, Ukraine, Thursday, Jan. 11, 2024.
A Ukrainian soldier sits in a trench on the front line on the outskirts of Kreminna, Ukraine, Wednesday, Aug. 16, 2023.
A woman holds her pets after her house was flooded when the Kakhovka dam collapsed, in Kherson, Ukraine, Tuesday, June 6, 2023.
Firefighters extinguish a blaze after an attack on a residential neighborhood in Kharkiv, Ukraine, Saturday, Feb. 10, 2024. The second year of Ukraine’s fight against Russia’s full-scale invasion brought no respite for Ukrainian soldiers or civilians. Associated Press photographers documented the past 12 months of death and destruction, agony and grief — as well as the glimpses of joy — that are staples of life during war.
Smoke rises from buildings in Bakhmut, Ukraine, the site of heavy battles between Ukrainian and Russian troops, on Wednesday, April 26, 2023.
The body of a woman who died after an attack on Uman, central Ukraine, lies on a bed on Friday, April 28, 2023.
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
The House approved a $95 billion package of foreign aid for Ukraine, Israel and other U.S. allies after months of political turmoil on Capitol…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.