Selena Gomez and Emily Blunt weren't taking any risks at the American Film Institute Awards on Friday.
After online sleuths claimed to uncover juicy information about them by reading their lips, the two actors poked fun at their recent Golden Globes appearances.
So naturally, when the "Only Murders in the Building" star and "Oppenheimer" actor ran into each other at the AFIs, they decided to pose for the cameras with their hands covering their mouths to not start any more rumors.
After the event, Gomez shared the photo on her Instagram Story, where she captioned it: "We shall not speak lol."
Representatives for Gomez and Blunt did not respond to a request for comment from Business Insider sent outside regular business hours.
Both women found themselves at the center of internet drama on Sunday after videos of them at the Golden Globes began circulating online.
In Gomez's instance, her decision to go speak to her close friend Taylor Swift during a commercial break to — as she later revealed, tell her about "two of my friends who hooked up" — ended with everyone convinced she was gossiping about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet.
Gomez was filmed whispering something inaudible to Swift, after which Swift and her guest, Keleigh Teller, reacted with surprise.
One theory posted to X (formerly Twitter) that appeared to match Gomez's mouth movements was that she told Swift, "I asked for a picture with him, and she said no." The post has racked up almost 400,000 likes and 62.9 million views since Sunday night.
Meanwhile, Blunt saw her marriage to actor John Krasinski come under scrutiny after a video of the two of them talking while posing for the cameras on the red carpet was posted by CBS on TikTok.
Date night? #EmilyBlunt #JohnKrasinski #GoldenGlobes 
Their conversation is almost inaudible, but that didn't stop followers from debating in the comments what Krasinski said in the video, with many convinced that it was "I can't wait to get a divorce."
Others in the 900-strong comments argued it was "can't wait to get indoors," while others suggested he said "can't wait for hors d'oeuvres."
Jump to