VINYLS, like many other physical forms of media, are making a comeback, with 2023 marking the highest level of vinyl sales since 1990.


  With the evolving landscape of streaming - millions of tracks conveniently able to stream on a number of devices, why are we turning back to physical media?


  I grew up listening to music, particularly on Spotify; I would make playlists music from TV shows and films that I had seen, and hit shuffle.


  But I also fell down the rabbit hole of collecting records a couple of years ago, despite vinyl being arguably more expensive and less convenient.


READ MORE: Academy to close its boarding house due to low occupancy rates, according to head


  It's not only records that are seeing this rise, with the number of indie bookshops the highest in a decade as of 2023, disposable cameras are becoming a trend across social media platforms.


  I think this rise can be attributed to many factors, the main two boil down to the experience of collecting/buying physical media and the flood of digital content.


  Firstly, the experience; when speaking to people about this topic, I have often heard the remark 'there's nothing like the smell of a new book', on which I highly agree.


  Walking into a record shop, or a bookstore, and perusing the selections is 'my idea of a very nice day out'. It becomes less about the product itself and more about the experience as a whole, it seems more rewarding to dig through shelves to find the one thing you were looking for.


SEE ALSO: 'Much-needed' improvements to finally begin on Andover woodland this month


  Secondly, and in my opinion, the most influential factor, is the overwhelming amount of content everywhere.


  The ease of adding a book to your list online, placing five new albums on your playlist, or taking a hundred pictures in one day trip, means that to find one specific song/picture/book, requires you to scroll through masses and masses of others.


  Physical media allows you to be more selective, on a disposable camera, you take five 'nice' pictures with friends instead of 50 of anything and everything, which you will never look at again.


  The fast-paced nature of online content has propelled the nation's love for having physical copies of what they hold near and dear, and I for one, am thrilled.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.