Fire crews were called to fight a blaze at a chip shop in Hellesdon this afternoon.


  A fire broke out at Barrett's Fish and Chips, in Reepham Road, just before 3pm. 


  A spokesman for the fire service said appliances from Sprowston, Carrow, Earlham and Dereham attended at 2.55pm.


Barretts Fish and Chips, in Reepham Road, caught fire just before 3pm  (Image: Leigh Parsons)


  Crews wore breathing apparatus and used main jets and hose reel jets to extinguish the fire and a thermal imaging camera was used to check for hot spots. 


READ MORE: Police believe body may be of missing Norwich man David Ryan


  They received their stop message at 4.03pm.


The fire service fought the flames until just after 4pm  (Image: Leigh Parsons)


  A member of staff at Blossom and Bows beside Barrett's said: "I was out on a delivery when it first started and I couldn't believe when I got back and saw.


READ MORE: Fake Taylor Swift tickets among scams in Norfolk this week


  "We would say it was quite a big fire.


  "The road was initially blocked for a bit until they moved the fire engines over so traffic could get past."


  Leigh Parsons, who witnessed the fire, said: "I live in Hellesdon - this was sad to see but hopefully they will bounce back and open again.


  "There was no ambulance so I don't think anyone was hurt and I didn't see any police."


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.