For tortured poets everywhere, be like Taylor Swift & start crafting your stories in these affordable journals.

													By
												

	Lilian Gonzalez


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	If you are a Swiftie, you know that Taylor Swift’s just-released 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, has lots of Easter eggs to uncover.

	A great way to put the puzzle together is by getting yourself a journal. You can use a journal for many things, whether it’s writing, brainstorming ideas, songwriting and so much more.  




			Trending on Billboard		






	Here’s a list of different journals that can help you organize and write your story, from plain to lined pages, notebooks to journals, and unleash your creativity.

	










	This Italian Summer hard cover notebook is a great place to start. You can get it in lined, plain, or bullet/dotted paper. It comes in hardcover or spiral softcover. Its floral design comes in pink, blue, and green. Its user-friendly features make it easy to make it your own. 

	Love cats as much as Taylor does? Then the Black Cats on Tree in Night with White Full Moon leather journal notebook is perfect for you. This journal features four different cat design covers, so you can pick your favorite. It also includes a ribbon for bookmarking and contains 130 lined sheets of paper.

	If you are seeking a journal-notebook combo, the Paperage Lined Journal Notebook is a solid choice. Its durable hardcover and elastic band make it easy to carry around with you. Plus, it includes handy features like an expandable back pocket and organizational labels. It also comes in a variety of different colors.

	Looking for more pages to write? This Cagie Lined Journal Notebook has 320 lined pages. The paper in this notebook is thick, so you won’t have to worry about your writing bleeding through the next page. This journal comes in black, blue, green, and pink. 

	For more Swiftie-inspired, product recommendations check out these adorable necklaces and this Taylor Swift children’s book. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.