Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Viewers got a bit of an English lesson in the April 22 episode of Today with Hoda & Jenna, as hosts Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush Hager hilariously discussed their confusion on the term "fortnight" while talking about Taylor Swift's new track from her album, The Tortured Poets Department.
While dissecting the lyrics of Swift's song titled "Fortnight," Hager, 42, humorously admitted, "I wasn't caught up on my old English so I didn't know that a fortnight was two weeks! I thought it was four nights!"
This revelation came amid their conversation about Swift's brief but impactful romance with singer/songwriter Matty Healy, contrasting it with her longer relationship with Joe Alwyn.
"Fans are speculating that this song, as well as several others, are not about Joe Alwyn but really about her relationship, which was quite brief, with Matty Healy." Hager said. Kotb, 59, seeking clarity, asked the crew, "What is it? 10 days or two weeks?" to which her co-host responded, confirming the correct duration of two weeks.
The conversation then shifted to the impact of fleeting relationships with Kotb reflecting on the lasting impressions brief romances can leave, saying, "This is interesting, though. Because sometimes a brief relationship... because you don't know the potential or what it could have been... I've heard people talking about that short, brief relationship is the love of their life."
She continued, sharing a personal anecdote: "I asked one guy who I met at one point, 'do you ever think about the love of your life?'... 'I met her once and it was brief and it was here and it was there,' and he's describing what is like a two-day dating, beautiful whatever... But because he never had a chance to see the shadows, to learn what a bad day is like, to learn all of those other things that make a relationship... but your fantasy can make it the love of your life."
Hager agreed, saying, "'Any relationship that is never fully realized, too, you're always thinking like oh wait could that have been - and I already have the one - but could that have been a one? Could we have gone further?"
This discussion followed previous hints by Hager that her co-host is now single, despite Kotb mentioning last month that she was planning a third date with the same man. Kotb separated from her ex-fiancé, financier Joel Schiffman in January, and said that the dates with the mystery man were her first since separating from Schiffman two years prior.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC