By Natasha Montague
LONDON (Reuters) –     Taylor Swift fans are flocking to The Black Dog, a pub in southwest London, after it was name-checked on the U.S singer’s new album “The Tortured Poet’s Department”.
Lily Bottomley, the pub’s events and social media manager, said the buzz started online last week before the double album was released on Friday, with “The Black Dog” confirmed as the 17th track.
She had to call in staff to cope with demand, and the pub in the city’s Vauxhall district has capitalised on its new-found fame with a “Swift” burger and “(Taylor’s Version)” cocktails.
Bottomley could not be absolutely certain her Black Dog was the same one mentioned, but she said there had previously been a “certain blonde regular” at the pub.
Swift describes her 11th studio album on Instagram as: “An anthology of new works that reflect events, opinions and sentiments from a fleeting and fatalistic moment in time”.
Fans largely believe it is about her former British boyfriend Joe Alwyn. Swift has referenced other London locations in her songs that sparked interest in where the couple had spent time in the British capital.
They split in April 2023 after six years of dating.
“We’re a very cosy small neighbourhood pub, so something like this happening is a dream,” Bottomley said. “We’re just so thankful to the fans because they’ve just been amazing.”
Katie, a web developer and “Swifty” visiting from Northern Ireland for her birthday, said she liked going to places mentioned in songs.
“I was in New York last year, and I also did a little Taylor Swift walking tour by myself of the places that she’s mentioned there.”
Emilia, a masters student from Vienna, said she could picture Swift going to the pub. “I appreciate her because she’s lyrically a genius,” she said.
Spotify said on Friday that “Poets” broke the record for the platform’s most-streamed album in a single day this year, achieving the feat in less than 12 hours.
(Reporting by Natasha Montague, writing by Paul Sandle, editing by Andrew Cawthorne)
You must be logged in to post a comment.














Rio readies for Lady Gaga's return as fans flock to Copacabana​


3h ago








City of Peoria seeking proposals to redevelop historic building


6h ago








Peoria Fire Department division chief retires


7h ago








'Laugh-In' star Ruth Buzzi, scowling lady with the handbag, dead at 88


13h ago








WTVP, WCBU react to executive order that could cut its federal funding


17h ago








Senate leaders split on community college bachelor's degree proposal


19h ago









This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.