Markets 



Hot Stocks 



Fear & Greed Index 




            Latest Market News 




            Hot Stocks 



Follow:

            Taylor Swift is breaking records. Again.
    

            Swift’s latest album, “The Tortured Poets Department,” which dropped on Friday, became the most-streamed album on its first day across Spotify, Amazon Music, and Apple Music.
    

            The pop star’s 11th studio album raked in a stunning 300 million streams in a single day on Friday on Spotify alone, becoming the most-streamed album in a single day in just 12 hours.
    

            Amazon and Apple also said Swift’s album broke records across their respective streaming platforms.
    

            “The album broke the record for biggest pop album of all time by first-day streams,” Apple Music said.
    

Amazon Music reported “The Tortured Poets Department” had in just three days become the music service’s most-streamed album worldwide in its first week.
    

            The album’s opening track, “Fortnight (feat. Post Malone),” also received laurels, becoming the most-streamed song in a single day on Spotify.
    

Related article
Can superstars still bank on fans splurging for concerts like Taylor Swift and Beyoncé did last year?


            Swift surprised fans with the album in February, announcing the “secret” album’s April release while accepting the Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Album for her 2022 release, “Midnights.”
    

            Swift’s 10th studio album, “Midnights,” previously held the Spotify title while also making her the most-streamed artist in a single day. Swift’s fourth rerecorded album, “1989 (Taylor’s Version),” also broke Spotify’s most-streamed artist in a single day record in 2023.
    

            In 2023, Swift also became Spotify’s most-streamed artist, garnering over 26.1 billion streams worldwide.
    
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. US market indices are shown in real time, except for the S&P 500 which is refreshed every two minutes. All times are ET. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor’s and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices Copyright S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. Fair value provided by IndexArb.com. Market holidays and trading hours provided by Copp Clark Limited.
© 2025 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.