By LILLIAN GISSEN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:31, 22 April 2024   |  Updated:  04:56, 23 April 2024   
 86
View  comments
TikTokers Kyle Marisa Roth and Eva Evans both died suddenly this month - and now, an eerie link between the two late internet stars has been revealed.
News emerged that Kyle had passed away at age 36 on April 15, while it was revealed that 29-year-old Eva had died just six days later, and now a bizarre connection between their untimely passings has been revealed. 
It turns out, that both women had shared TikTok videos discussing the same topic just days before their sudden and shocking deaths: pop sensation JoJo Siwa.
Kyle, who was known on the platform for reading blind items from the entertainment world, uploaded a six-second clip of herself asking her followers a question about the Nickelodeon star on April 7.
TikTokers Kyle Marisa Roth (left) and Eva Evans (right) both died suddenly this month - and now, an eerie link between the two late internet stars has been revealed 
It turns out, the women both shared TikTok videos discussing the same topic just days before their sudden and shocking deaths: pop sensation JoJo Siwa
News hit the web that Kyle had passed away at age 36 on April 15, and she uploaded a six-second clip of herself asking her followers a question about the Nickelodeon star on April 7
⚡️ #blinditems #tea #gossipgirlhere #gossip #hollywood #celebrity #tomsandoval #scandoval #jojo #jojosiwa #jojosbizarreadventure #jojos #vanderpumprules #vpr #vanderpump #specialforces 
'Do you guys remember when JoJo Siwa and Tom Sandoval were on that reality show together?' she asked. 'I can tell.'
The video was the final thing that she posted before her death, which was confirmed by her family last week.
Eva, on the other hand, who was also a writer and director and was behind the Amazon Prime series Club Rat, gushed over JoJo in the last video that she uploaded before her passing.
'You know what? I'm rooting for JoJo,' she said on the April 18 video. 'I want her to succeed. It's making me sad and depressed to watch her flail.'
JoJo, 20, has been gaining a lot of attention lately - after she started wearing a series of shocking looks and made a slew of controversial comments while promoting her new single, Karma.
Eva added that she thought JoJo needed a new stylist, and explained that some of the young star's looks 'felt inauthentic.'
Some people were quick to notice that both Eva and Kyle had posted about JoJo before their deaths.
'WEIRD that last video of Kyle Marissa was also about JoJo Siwa,' one person commented on Eva's TikTok.
'Do you guys remember when JoJo Siwa and Tom Sandoval were on that reality show together?' she asked. 'I can tell.' The video was the final thing that she posted before her death
Eva, on the other hand, who was also a writer and director and was behind the Amazon Prime series Club Rat, gushed over JoJo in the last video that she uploaded before her passing
@JoJo Siwa PLS YOU WOULD BE UNSTOPPABLE IF YOU TEAMED UP W BRIANA @Briana andalore (sry if i pronounced you last name wrong lol) // OR JUST LIKE A GOOD STYLIST WHO PUTS YOU IN CLOTHES NOT LIKE DANCE COSTUMES PLSSSS #jojosiwa 
'Probably because they're influencers and jojo is trending right now,' someone replied to them.
But someone else added, 'Still, that’s an enormous coincidence. Think of all the news in the world: Taylor Swift, for instance, and they both finish with Jojo. That’s odd.'
'Do you think this is "the curse of JoJo?"' they asked.
But others shut down the thought. One fired back, 'Don’t even start with conspiracies, they’re incredibly dangerous. Have respect.'
'All of my For You page has been eviscerating that little girl. Y’all [are reaching],' said a different user.
Both Kyle and Eva's causes of death have not been revealed.
'This is not a platform for personal life shares but so many of my connections on this platform go back years and I have a devastating loss to share,' Kyle's mom, Jacquie Cohen Roth, shared on LinkedIn last week.
'My daughter Kyle has passed away. She touched some of your lives personally and some of your lives via her immense life on another platform. 
'Kyle loved and lived fiercely. Nothing makes sense now and we'll understand more in the next few days. Be kind to one another please.'
Two months prior, Kyle, who previously beat colon cancer and had 200,000 followers, candidly shared that she was 'struggling so badly with depression.'
At the time, she said she had experienced the worst panic attack of her life and told her followers 'not to tell her she would be OK.'
Some people were quick to notice that both Eva and Kyle had posted about JoJo before their deaths
But others shut down the thought. One fired back, 'Don’t even start with conspiracies, they’re incredibly dangerous. Have respect'
'Depression doesn't go away just because some people are nice. This is mental illness,' she wrote.
'If you want to be my friend, DO IT IN PERSON. I hate being on my phone when I don't have to be.
'I just had the worst panic attack of my life today and it felt like a f**king heart attack so that was my body's way of saying KYLE TAKE A BLUE OR RED PILL AND CHILL IT OUT.'
She added, 'I get overwhelmed when people reach out to me when I'm depressed. I [am] trying to navigate my brain now that COVID has changed it.
'I don't need to be told "it's going to be OK," I only need you to understand if I don't respond to you for three months IT BECAUSE OF ME, nothing to do with you.'
In videos posted in late March, Kyle, who appeared noticeably thinner than she had been a year prior, tearfully shared that her main TikTok account was banned without reason. 
Kyle was known on the platform for reading blind items from the entertainment world. Both Kyle and Eva's causes of death have not been revealed
Two months ago, Kyle candidly shared that she was 'struggling so badly with depression' and said she experienced the worst panic attack of her life
As for Eva, her sister Lila Joy confirmed her passing on Sunday, while sharing a tribute to the star on Instagram 
As for Eva, her sister Lila Joy confirmed her passing on Sunday, while sharing a tribute to the star on Instagram. 
Evans accumulated more than 305,000 followers on TikTok, where she frequently posted about life in New York City as a rising filmmaker 
'Yesterday my family received news that our sweet, fabulous, creative, caring, hilarious Eva, my beautiful sister, has died,' she wrote. 
'After 24 hours, I still find myself in a constant cycle of denial and acceptance, so I know how unbelievable and hard to process this news will be.
'I wish I had Eva here now to refer to because she would have better words and know how to say what I don't.
'I am keeping this brief, so we can plan for the next few days, but you'll be hearing a lot more from me on how much Eva means to me and just how different the world will be be without her.'
Evans accumulated more than 305,000 followers on TikTok, where she frequently posted about life in New York City as a rising filmmaker. 
Last year, she debuted a five-episode series on Prime Video titled Club Rat, which she wrote, directed and starred. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group