Bag of the summer, I’m calling it!
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
What do Beyoncé and Taylor Swift have in common you ask? Well, besides simply being two of the most influential artists of our time and having both recently released top-tier albums that skyrocketed to the top of the charts, they also share an affinity for ultra-chic handbags. Specifically, Beyoncé and T. Swift have been spotted wearing It-girl brand AUPEN while on date nights with their partners Jay-Z and Travis Kelce. And let me just say… It’s not hard to see why the two A-listers are reaching for their AUPEN bag. After all, it is having a major moment in Hollywood rn and did we mention that it’s surprisingly affordable too?
In continuation with her recent Western-style ‘fits, Beyoncé shared an Instagram reel filled with pics from her latest outing set to her song “Bodyguard.” (It’s like she knew we’ve all been listening to this song on repeat.) Her outfit vibes for the night? Cowboy with a slight edge. Donning an ever-so-on-theme black cowboy hat, the Grammy-winner paired it with a white collared Prada shirt with black floral embroidery, a black leather trench coat, and a pair of black leather lace-up shorts from Fleur du Mal. One thing about Beyoncé is she’ll never miss the chance to accessorize. (I mean, did you see those $36 statement earrings she wore the other day?) With this outfit, her little black geometric AUPEN Purpose shoulder bag steals the show.
Alongside a pair of black sunglasses, a Prada bolo tie, and black booties, Beyoncé has a knack for elevating a neutral outfit into something even more fun. And she knows it! In one pic, she posed with her AUPEN bag proudly displayed in front of her while she made a heart sign with her hands. She is the moment, always! Frankly, we can’t believe this purse is as affordable as $180 and looks as luxe as it does. 
What’s even funnier is that this exact bag was spotted on Beyoncé’s daughter Blue Ivy just months ago during the Renaissance documentary premiere in London. We’re choosing to believe Blue let her mama borrow her bag for the night or that Beyoncé loved her daughter’s style so much that she decided to twin. Either way, we’re obsessed and AUPEN has officially gotten the Carter family stamp of approval. 
Daisy Maldonado is an editor who covers everything from the latest fashion news to deeper looks at beauty culture and the internet’s most talked-about pop culture moments. She’s especially interested in the intersection of style and digital culture, and loves exploring what the trends we follow say about us. When she’s not writing, she’s probably four pages deep on The RealReal searching for vintage designer pieces or planning her next trip abroad (she lived in Paris for a year and hasn’t stopped talking about it since). Her work has appeared in Vogue, Bustle, Allure, and many more.
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Reviewed: A New Hair Brand Made for Lazy People
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.