Curious to know who rocked the fashion scene this past week? Prepare for some serious style inspiration as we unveil the Best Dressed Celebrities of the Week! We’ve got Matt Bomer, Lindsay Lohan, David Gandy and more!
From red carpets (the Golden Globes made up the majority of this list) to casual outings, these stars have set the bar high and posted their looks on Instagram.
Prepare to be amazed by their stunning outfits and impeccable fashion sense. It’s time to take notes and add a touch of celebrity glamour to your own wardrobe.
Who made the cut this week? Check out the full list now!
Manu Rios knows streetwear.
A post shared by Manu Rios (@manurios)
Barry Keoghan struts his stuff.
A post shared by Ilaria Urbinati (@ilariaurbinati)
Jennifer Hudson is belted up.
A post shared by Jennifer Hudson (@iamjhud)
Kelly Rowland rocks a bodysuit.
A post shared by Kelly Rowland (@kellyrowland)
Jennifer Lopez and a high neck.
A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo)
Heidi Klum and her daughter red carpet it.
A post shared by Rob Zangardi (@robzangardi)
Patrick J. Adams suits up for the Golden Globes.
A post shared by Patrick J. Adams (@patrickjadams)
Only Lenny Kravitz could pull this off.
A post shared by Lenny Kravitz (@lennykravitz)
Hunter Schafer is pretty in pink.
A post shared by MTV (@mtv)
Jonathan Bailey in white.
A post shared by E! News (@enews)
Matt Bomer loses his tie.
A post shared by Matt Bomer (@mattbomer)
Taylor Swift shimmers.
A post shared by Joseph Cassell Falconer (@josephcassell1)
Murray Bartlett cleans up well.
A post shared by Murray Bartlett (@murray.bartlett)
Charles Melton looking debonair.
A post shared by Charles Melton (@melton)
Lindsay Lohan is back in black.
A post shared by Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan)
David Gandy on the stairs.
A post shared by David Gandy (@davidgandy_official)
Adam Lambert knows how to do glam.
Like most websites, Socialite Life uses affiliate links where available, which means we earn a little commission if you click through and buy something. Also, as Amazon Influencers, we earn from qualifying purchases. Savings shown are those from the date and time of this article’s publication.
Last update on 2025-05-03 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Sign in to your account
 Remember me