E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 4:00pm, please email obits@pottsmerc.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@pottsmerc.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Thanks to Joe Gale for his 8 years of service to the people of Montgomery County. When I contacted his office, he responded quickly and personally and listened to my concerns. To those who say he did not accomplish much, he stood for fiscal responsibility against two Democrats. What did the Democrats accomplish? Another large tax increase.
Farmer Sam
I’m surprised King Obama hasn’t made his move yet to replace the present numbskull in the White House. But I guess there’s no reason to hurry since the Democratic sheeple will vote as they’re told, they always do. Maybe he hasn’t convinced Michelle yet. I think she’s too lazy for that job anyway. He may have to settle for “Goofy Gavin instead.
Stinger
Bravo to Mr. Robert Minninger for calling Joe Biden’s banning of Trump from ballots in our elections the equivalent of Putin’s “free and fair elections.” Just wait, it is going to get worse. Biden is starting to ban lower-level Republicans from ballots across the country. Not long before Biden declares martial law.
Jon
Be yourself, if you voted Republican because you fear socialism, then live your truth. Do not accept Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid, avoid public beaches, parks, and libraries. Do not allow your children to attend tax-supported schools. or to take advantage of food programs. drive only on toll roads. do not call 911 unless you intend to pay for the services rendered. Live your truth!
Jay Miller
Martin Luther King Jr. said, “I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.” He passed in 1968, and he’s been honored since then. But Obama and the Woke machine replaced this point of view with identity politics. We need to rethink Obama’s mandate!
H John
In 1965 Lyndon B. Johnson outlined his plan for the Great Society. That was the beginning of giveaways from the Democrats to buy votes and has never ended. That was my first time after military service to vote Johnson said, no more troops to Vietnam. Goldwater promised to end the war. As soon as Johnson was voted in he sent 25,000 more men to Vietnam. Same old Democrat party to this day. Can’t believe what they promise.
I love Texas Gov. Abbott and hope he runs for higher office. Hopefully, it will be for president after Trump’s second term. We must take our country back from the insane progressive (regressive) Democrats and restore sanity to American governance.
Peaches
I just have one question for the Republican sheeple and puppets who contribute to Sound Off on a regular basis. Huh?
Robin Q
Blue states are all for illegal immigration as long as they stay in Red states once they’re here. What a bunch of dopes!
Tippy
Not seen on faux news or in the radical right echo chamber: Former President Donald the con Trump received at least $7.8 million in payments from foreign governments during two of his four years in the White House, according to a report released by Democrats on the House Oversight Committee. Where is the outrage radical republicans? Oh yeah, you love your crooks.
Patriot54
The reason the Democrats are so unconcerned about The Biden Crime Family criminal investigation is that they know once Slow Joe is indicted, the Big Guy’s lawyers will claim he’s mentally unfit to stand trial. Nobody will be able to argue with that.
Cholly
According to a brief filed with the Supreme Court by former U.S. Attorney General Ed Meese, the bumbling Biden administration improperly appointed Jack Smith as the Special Counsel to prosecute Donald Trump. Special Counsels must be confirmed by the Senate if they are not in a role (e.g., U.S. Attorney) already confirmed by the Senate. Jack Smith is a private citizen with no more authority to prosecute someone than Taylor Swift according to Meese.
Robert Minninger
The Special Counsel is going to show at trial Trump knew he lost the election and that every investigation done on his behalf (by Republicans who voted for him) found no fraud. His campaign hired two different companies to investigate election irregularities and they found there was no fraud. Every Trump election fraud claim (yes those we read in Sound Off) has been repeatedly debunked and he just continues to repeat them. Read the indictment.
KC
Real America, do you believe that we would be in World War III if Trump was in office? Since Joe took over he has managed to unite China, Russia, Iran and North Korea together as they have never been before against the U.S.A.Your comments are no longer readable, as your mind has taken a sharp left-hand turn! Wake up and look at reality, not what-ifs.
Grover Norquist’s commentary in Dec. 30 Mercury: “… Republican-governed states create better government at lower costs than those led by Democrats….” What he very deliberately fails to tell you is which states and how much they are dependent on federal dollars (contributed by largely Democrat-controlled states) to minimize residents’ taxes. “In 2023, Republicans regained control of the House of Representatives ….” And they’ve done almost nothing except create chaos. Check it out: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/states-givers-takers-152624695.html and https://wallethub.com/edu/states-most-least-dependent-on-the-federal-government/2700
While in office Don the Con’s business entities received over $7.8 million from at least 20 foreign countries. These payments violated the Constitution’s foreign emolument clause, a rule that bars the President and other federal officials from accepting money or gifts without congressional approval. White House For Sale. This is MAGA.
JR
Well, well, Dudley. The people of Israel are fed up with Netanyahu. They want him gone. They want him to resign. The rest of the world does, too. They want the hostages to be released. Alive instead of dead. He doesn’t know how to do that no more weapons, no more ammunition, no more aid. No Nobel Peace Prize. Do not pass go, do not collect $200.
Thank you, President Biden, for showing America just how Great a President Donald J. Trump was and will be again! I’m Voting for Peace and Prosperity in 2024. I’m Voting for Trump!
Woody
Joe Biden is making good on his campaign promise to unite the country…in supporting Donald Trump!
The Snarky Conservative
Last week I asked Siri what my wife wants and it has been 9 days now and Siri has not stopped talking.
Billy G.
Sound Off is an opinion forum for Mercury readers to comment on today’s news. Submissions must be 75 words or less and are subject to editing. Publication of submissions is at the sole discretion of the editor. Email your comment to letters@pottsmerc.com. Use “Sound Off” in the subject line of the email.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group