From Taylor Swift to Doja Cat to Lauryn Hill
One of the biggest music festivals of the year, Coachella always draws a crowd of celebrities from far and wide, whether they’re hitting the stage (Lana Del Rey, Sabrina Carpenter) or enjoying the sets from the audience (Taylor Swift, Paris Hilton).
The Indio, California festival has become synonymous with boho fashion and desert dressing, but this year, some of our favorite stars put their own spins on what we’ve come to expect from Coachella couture, leaning into the current cowboy trend (hello, former headliner Beyoncé) and adding artful spins to classic summertime fits.
Ahead, see all the best Coachella looks from celebrities including Doja Cat, Hailey Bieber, and many more.
In a vibrant Balmain suit with a print inspired by a photograph by Ghanaian artist Prince Gyasi.
Swift in a black leather Stella McCartney ensemble, along with a green baseball cap repping the name of her beau’s podcast. Kelce in a plaid button-up over a white tee, with striped pants and a Happy Gilmore cap.
In a custom pale blue minidress from Frolov with a vintage Alpinestars leather jacket from Tanaka Vintage.
In a shaggy fur bikini set from Entire Studios.
In a baby-blue minidress from Dolce & Gabbana.
In a Yankees varsity jacket, baggy jeans, and a leopard-print bandana, putting a vintage twist on street style.
In a sparkly halter-style black dress.
The “Snow Angel” singer stuns in an all-black ensemble from the Row.
in a lacy bodysuit from I Am Gia, proving Barbie pink isn’t going anywhere.
The model pulled out a plunging denim vest and long jean shorts, which she accessorized with a vibrant scarf wrapped around her waist.
In a cowboy-inspired black peekaboo look.
In a tattered denim-colored dress and matching boots, which she paired with a tall white cowboy hat.
In a Little Mermaid–inspired shimmering teal bikini top and high-waisted jorts, which she paired with tan cowboy boots.
Justice wore a corset tee and distressed jeans at the Desert Nights by Tao Group Hospitality and Corso Marketing Group event in partnership with Patrón.
In a white see-through dress with polka-dot details.
In an electric-orange ensemble that made her look like a phoenix rising from the ashes.
In a white, see-through minidress with a metallic skirt, which she paired with matching white cowboy boots for a space-age cowgirl look.
Making a hazmat suit look stylish in another winning look from her set.
In a creamy two-tone dress, which she paired with brown cowboy boots, making us dream of summer days and soft serve.
Ross donned a long black peacoat while Simpson sported a crisp white tank and khaki cargo slacks, which she accessorized with a furry black coat and a sparkly silver baguette bag. The two were seen at the Desert Nights by Tao Group Hospitality and Corso Marketing Group event in partnership with Patrón.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.