Patti Smith (left) recently responded to Taylor Swift (right) for mentioning her in a new songIlya S. Savenok (left) and Neilson Barnard (right)
Taylor Swift mentions Patti Smith in her new album “The Tortured Poets Department” in the song title of the same name — and the legendary Jersey-born singer-songwriter has responded.
In the song, Swift sings: “I laughed in your face and said, ‘You’re not Dylan Thomas, I’m not Patti Smith’ / This ain’t the Chelsea Hotel, we’re modern idiots.”
A post shared by This is Patti Smith (@thisispattismith)
Smith, 77, shared her thoughts on Instagram Friday sharing a photo of her reading Thomas’ short story collection “Portrait of the Artist a Young Dog” with the caption: “This is saying I was moved to be mentioned in the company of the great Welsh poet Dylan Thomas. Thank you Taylor.”
In a 2019 New York Times interview, Smith, who was raised in Deptford, previously spoke about Swift, showing sympathy for the pop star and the pressure she faces daily. Smith cited Swift’s comments at that year’s MTV Video Music Awards in which Swift called out president Donald Trump for not urging lawmakers to pass the Equality Act which protects LGBTQ rights.
“She’s a pop star who’s under tremendous scrutiny all the time, and one can’t imagine what that’s like,” Smith told the New York Times at the time. “It’s unbelievable to not be able to go anywhere, do anything, have messy hair. And I’m sure that she’s trying to do something good. She’s not trying to do something bad. And if it influences some of her avid fans to open up their thoughts, what does it matter? Are we going to start measuring who’s more authentic than who?”
Saleah Blancaflor may be reached at sblancaflor@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter at @saleyley and Instagram.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices