Whether your first chance of romance or another day of paradise with your partner, Valentine's Day is a chance to show how much you love and care for your better half. Whilst dinner and a film at your local cinema is always a solid choice, now is the time to elevate your Valentine's date night and create truly unforgettable memories that will last a lifetime.
One event that is guaranteed to be a hit with your special someone is an evening of live music under candlelight. The all-female electric-acoustic string group, String Infusion, is is bringing an hour-long show featuring some of the best love songs to have graced the stage and screen to Manchester this February 14.
Taking place at the Concorde Conference Centre in Altrincham, Candlelight: Valentine's Special, will take visitor on a nostalgic music journey as they relive some of their favourite songs from classics such as Aladdin, The Lion King, Titanic, A Star is Born and more. Concert goers can also expect to hear some hits by The Beatles, Whitney Houston and Edith Piaf whilst at the special Valentine's performance which will be lit by thousands of candles.
READ MORE: Dunelm's 'bright and cheerful' £11 bedding that's 'perfect' for a bedroom refresh ahead of spring
READ MORE: Sky TV slashed to one of its 'lowest ever' prices with free Netflix in huge January 2024 sale
Music fans have the choice of two showings at the Concorde Conference Centre on Valentine's Day. Couples can take their pick from an evening show at 6pm, or a slightly later one at 8.30pm.
The gig promises to "bring the magic of a live-multi-sensory musical experience to awe-inspiration locations like never seen before in Manchester." The website goes on to say: "Get your tickets now to discover romantic music for Valentine's Day at Concorde Conference Centre under the gentle glow of candlelight."
Tickets start from £17 and are available to purchase, here. To enjoy a Candlelight experience in an intimate setting, visit here to request a 15-minute private performance, guaranteed to create unforgettable memories that will last a life time.
Candlelight are holding a host of other concerts in and around Manchester in upcoming months. For tickets to a tribute to Taylor Swift on Saturday, February 24, visit here. Or for tickets to hear Coldplay tracks on strings, visit here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.