Virgin Radio
3 Jan 2024, 14:56
Credit: Getty
Pop sensation, Taylor Swift, becomes centre stage in Taiwanese elections, accused of refusing to perform in Taipei due to fears of potentially inciting a conflict with China.
Taylor Swift has unexpectedly found herself entangled in the political narrative of Taiwan's upcoming presidential elections, with a politician claiming that the pop icon declined a performance in Taipei due to concerns about potential geopolitical risks and tensions with China.
Jaw Shaw-kong, a member of Taiwan's opposition party The Kuomintang (KMT) and the chair of the Broadcasting Corp of China, alleged that he extended an invitation to Swift for a concert at the recently inaugurated Taipei Dome. 
Swift initially agreed, but later withdrew, citing 'geopolitical risks,' as revealed during a televised debate on Monday.
Taiwan, a self-governed island with a democratically-elected administration, is facing heightened tensions ahead of the January 13 elections, targeted extensively by Chinese state media propaganda framing the choice as between war and peace.
The island, though self-governed, is claimed as a breakaway province by Beijing, and Chinese President Xi Jinping has reiterated his commitment to "reunification" with Taiwan, even hinting at the use of force if necessary.
Taiwan's culture ministry responded to Jaw's allegations, stating that numerous high-profile international artists, including Coldplay, the Backstreet Boys, and K-Pop band Blackpink, have performed in the southern city of Kaohsiung. 
However, the ministry neither confirmed nor denied Swift's alleged refusal, emphasising the island's ability to attract renowned acts.
Kaohsiung mayor Chen Chi-mai dismissed Jaw's claim as 'self-defeating' and an attempt to manipulate voters.
As Swift gears up for the Asian leg of her Eras Tour in February, with performances in Japan and Singapore, Taiwan and mainland China will not be on the itinerary.
Amid increased Chinese military activity around and above Taiwan, the island has expressed concerns about potential domestic and foreign political manipulation leading up to the elections.
China's ire has been directed at Lai Ching-te, the ruling Democratic Progressive Party’s (DPP) presidential candidate, whom Beijing labels a separatist, rejecting calls for talks. I
In an unusual move, Taiwan's defense ministry reported the passage of three Chinese balloons across the island and near an air base, marking the first such occurrence since similar balloons crossed the Taiwan Strait. 
The balloons then disappeared at various points, added the ministry, which has previously said it believed they were mostly for weather monitoring.
The ministry also 'closely monitors and appropriately responds' to balloons and gathers information about their path for 'judgement and analysis,' apparently.
Chinese President Xi Jinping recently asserted that China's 'reunification' with Taiwan was 'inevitable' framing it as a righteous course of development that aligns with the people's desires. As Swift unintentionally takes a role in Taiwan's election drama, the island grapples with geopolitical tensions and the complexities of its relationship with China.  
Comments on the topic have attempted to be from Swift's representatives regarding the claims but no response has been as of the time of writing.
Advertisement
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
We all knew David Attenborough was a national treasure but nothing proves it more than the amount...
Sorry charity shop, this one isn't for you. 
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit