Singing sensation Taylor Swift has been spotted stepping out in a velvet dress created by a Perthshire fashion designer.
Jade Robertson, who co-founded Little Lies with husband Stuart in 2015, said she was unable to shake off the thrill that the international pop phenomenon had chosen one of her creations.
The multiple Grammy award winner wore the eye-catching green crushed velvet dress by Little Lies while out at dinner in New York on Wednesday evening.
Jade said of her brand’s newest fan: “We can’t believe it. I think we’re all still in a state of shock to be honest.
“To see one of the most recognisable people in the world wearing one of our designs is insane.
“We were already massive Taylor Swift fans and having her seal of approval means so much to us.”
Photographed leaving a star studded dinner with pals Blake Lively and Zoe Kravitz, Swift looked stunning sporting the Little Lies Sweet Jane crushed mini dress.
The powerful influence of the Cruel Summer singer led to the £60 dress selling out in hours.
Jade told The PA in 2022 that her Glencarse-based business was inspired by her love of Rock music and fashion.
The business emerged from an idea developed by Jade and she launched it from her bedroom in Kirkcaldy.
By last year the company employed 13 staff with a turnover of more than £2million.
It was also awarded Perthshire Chamber Business of the Year, triumphing at the Chamber’s Star Awards in November 2022.
Jade said following the award: “Music is a passion I’ve had all my life and when I was starting the business it made sense to merge my passions and skills to start an e-commerce company.”
Little Lies takes its name from a Fleetwood Mac song, and its inspiration from the flowing outfits of rock goddesses like the band’s Stevie Nicks.
Although Led Zeppelin is her favourite band, Jade - also a Taylor Swift fan - said the classic Fleetwood Mac number’s name just seemed to fit the brand perfectly.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.