In recent weeks, it's been rumored that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce may have an engagement up ahead, despite having been dating for less than a year. Sources speaking with TMZ, however, suggest things may be the complete opposite and the new couple is actually facing a “very challenging” stage of their relationship.
The publication stated that some “some folks on the inside of this don't think it'll go the distance” and that the couple are in their “honeymoon phase,” meaning they haven't had to deal with any of the harder aspects of a long term connection.
The challenging part is Swift's upcoming overseas Eras Tour, which begins in Tokyo on February 7. While Kelce has the means to travel, he won't have the time until the NFL season is over, so it will be a long distance relationship at that point.  
But on the other side, the Daily Mail reports that Swift and Kelce are allegedly planning to spend their first Valentine's Day together as a couple, despite Swift not being in the country. While she's away, Kelce's team the Kansas City Chiefs are making their run at the Super Bowl, which makes February a particularly hectic month. The Super Bowl is scheduled for February 11, if the Chiefs have a victory. Swift is going to be in Tokyo through at least February 10, and must be in Australia in time for her show on February 16.
“They both plan to be with each other on Valentine's Day, they just don't know if it will be overseas or in America,” said the insider. “Some pieces have to fall into place and if one of those pieces is Kansas City making the Super Bowl, though it would be extremely tiring, she plans to come back for the Super Bowl for him if he is in the game.”
The insider continued, “They have tentative plans on what they will actually be doing, but it all will figure itself out once Kansas City is either in the Super Bowl or not. But they highly anticipate they will be together on Valentine's Day.” 
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.