The Kristin Juszczyk creation was hand-delivered to the star just in time for kick-off after weather-related shipping delays
AP Photo/Ed Zurga; Taylor Lautner/Instagram
 Forget Team Jacob — Taylor Lautner is Team Lions all the way!

 On Sunday, the Twilight star and Michigan native, 31, cheered the Detroit Lions as they pulled off a narrow victory against the Los Angeles Rams. Oh, and he did it in style.

 At the Ford Field game, the actor kept cozy in a custom creation by Kristin Juszczyk, who has recently made headlines for showcasing her designs on many prominent NFL fans including Simone Biles, Brittany Mahomes and — most recently — Lautner's long-ago ex Taylor Swift, who wore it to the Chiefs-Dolphins playoff game on Saturday.

 Instead of a puffer coat or vest design, which the other celebrities have worn, the actor’s custom outerwear was a blue varsity-style jacket decked out with the name and number of Lions defensive end Aidan Hutchinson.

 On Instagram, Kristin (who is the wife of San Francisco 49ers fullback Kyle Juszczyk) shared a behind-the-scenes look at how she made Lautner’s custom Lions merch, revealing that she pieced it together using details from two Hutchinson jerseys.

 In the same post, the designer also revealed that the piece almost didn’t make it to Lautner thanks to severe winter weather.

 Thankfully, FedEx got the jacket to the actor just in time, hand-delivering it to him at Ford Field, where he excitedly unboxed it — and immediately put it on — moments before the playoff game began.

 "You are an actual mastermind and I am so here for it,” Lautner commented on the designer’s post, while his wife, Tay Lautner, wrote, “YOU ARE A ROCKSTAR.”

 The Sharkboy and Lavagirl star also lauded Kristin on his story, writing that the designer “killed” the look, and dedicated a post of his own to the custom merch.

 Alongside a video of the moment he received the coat, he wrote, “LFG LIONS! My hero @kristinjuszczyk made this jacket, got it through snow storms, truck breakdowns and delivered to the sideline just in time for kickoff.”

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human-interest stories.

Jamie Squire/Getty
 After the Lions defeated the Rams 24-23, Lautner shared another post highlighting the jacket — and his home state’s team — writing, “Same place next week.”

 And, after both the Chiefs and Lions advanced in the NFL playoffs, Kristin joked that Swift and Lautner rocking her clothing may have impacted the teams' wins.

 “My jackets are 2-0 in the post season,” she joked on her Instagram Story. "Just saying."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)