By NOVA M BAJAMONTI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:49, 15 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:34, 15 January 2024   
 15
View  comments
A doting dad has been showered with praise after sharing a very helpful hack for getting toddlers to eat their fruits and vegetables.
Levi Jensen, a certified nutritionist from Utah, took to Instagram to share the top tip with his 356,000 followers.
He explained that he places stickers of Disney characters - such as Elsa from Frozen and Winnie the Pooh - directly onto fruits, vegetables and packaging to entice his two-year-old daughter.
And other social media users flooded to the comments to heap praise on the hack.
Levi Jensen, a certified nutritionist from Utah, has been showered with praise after sharing a very helpful hack for getting toddlers to eat their fruits and vegetables
He explained that he places stickers of Disney characters such as Elsa from Frozen and Winnie the Pooh directly onto fruits, vegetables and packaging to entice his two-year-old daughter 
In the clip, which has been liked more than 133,000 times, Levi directly faces the camera as he applies the playful stickers.
He then introduces the options to two-year-old daughter Aria who immediately grabs a red pepper and bites into it without hesitation.
Elaborating further in the caption, the life coach explained: 'SHE WENT STRAIGHT FOR ELSA.'
Levi continued: 'Did you know that putting characters on food products drastically influences a child's taste preferences and snack selection?
'Food marketers have known this for years and have used this to attract kids to highly processed foods.
'So why not use this to make healthier food options more attractive to our kids?'
Levi shares the social media account with wife Emily - who is a registered nurse and fitness trainer. 
She subsequently told TODAY that the sticker tip is a 'super easy and affordable way to make eating nutrient-dense foods more fun and exciting for kids.'
Levi continued: 'Food marketers have known this for years and have used this to attract kids to highly processed foods. 'So why not use this to make healthier food options more attractive to our kids?' 
A post shared by Levi Jensen (@emilyxlevi)
Emily credits the Little Mermaid for changing their daughter's mind on cucumber, adding: 'She likes them now. All it took was Ariel.'
The helpful hack was quickly swamped with praise from other parents who tried the trick and were successful.
One person wrote: 'Not even joking, I put Elsa stickers on the yoghurts they didn't want and all of a sudden my kids wanted them.'
Another added: 'My son picked out oranges with Paw Patrol on them the other day. He likes the fruit anyways but he insisted on them immediately!'
A third person commented: 'This should win a Nobel prize.'
'The girls said: 'If it ain't cute, then we don't want it,'' one person humorously wrote.
Other users jokingly added that they will try the hack out for themselves as someone quipped: 'Need to put Taylor Swift stickers in all the food here, including for myself to eat healthier.'
Levi's latest tip comes after he and Emily were branded as 'horrible parents' for only allowing Aria to keep five pieces of Halloween candy 
The helpful hack was quickly swamped with praise from other parents who tried the trick and were successful
Another person added: 'I'm going to put stickers of Henry Cavill all over my broccoli, oatmeal and greens.'
'I might start putting Disney characters on MY fruits and veggies to get myself to eat them. I'm eating ramen because Hello Kitty is on the package, why not put my favorite characters on some strawberries,' another person wrote.
According to the National Library of Medicine's research: 'Putting licensed media characters on more-healthful food/beverage products might not encourage all children to make healthier food choices, but could increase selection of healthy foods among some, particularly younger children, boys, and those who like the featured character(s). 
'Effective use likely requires careful demographic targeting.'
Levi's latest tip comes after he and Emily were branded as 'horrible parents' for only allowing Aria to keep five pieces of Halloween candy.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group