The shoes were the MVP of her cold weather outfit. 
Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
On Saturday night, the Kansas City Chiefs won their first playoff game, defeating the Miami Dolphins 26 to 7. What was notable about the game wasn't their win, however, but the fact it was played in absolutely freezing temperatures at Arrowhead Stadium. Fans bundled up to watch the game in negative temperatures—including Taylor Swift herself.
For the evening, Swift wore a puffer jacket designed by Kristin Juszczyk that featured her boyfriend Travis Kelce's jersey and number. She accessorized with a white beanie, and carried Manu Atelier's Ilda bag in black. 
But her shoes were the MVP: Swift wore Christian Louboutin combat boots (the "Paramount Dune" style), which feature the brand's signature red sole. While Swift's boots are largely out of stock online, Christian Louboutin's "Marchacroche Dune" style (chelsea boots, not combat boots) are still available—and feature the same wavy, red sole.
It wasn't her first time wearing a pair of covetable boots to a Chiefs game (see: her over-the-knee Larroudé boots from early December, or the Stuart Weitzman boots she wore to a game in Wisconsin, for example), but they are her first winter-ready pair. 
In December, Swift spoke about what it means to date Kelce. "When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care," she said. "The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other."
It's likely she'll be in attendance at his game again next weekend—hopefully in warmer temperatures. 
Emily Burack (she/her) is the Senior News Editor for Town & Country, where she covers entertainment, celebrities, the royals, and a wide range of other topics. Before joining T&C, she was the deputy managing editor at Hey Alma, a Jewish culture site. Follow her @emburack on Twitter and Instagram.
Taylor Swift’s Diamond & Ruby Snake Necklace
Frances Tiafoe on Meeting Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift at the 2025 Super Bowl
Shop Taylor Swift's Game Day Outfits
Taylor Swift in Louis Vuitton at Chiefs Game
Shop Taylor Swift's Canada Goose Gloves
Taylor Swift Wears Chanel Outfit to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips First Chiefs Game of 2025
Taylor Swift Sparkles During Rainy NYC Date Night
Taylor Swift Skipped Travis Kelce's Christmas Game
Taylor Swift Wears Red Jacket to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips Post-Eras Tour Chiefs Game
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.