The TikTok star wore a vintage Dolphins coat and custom charm necklace to the frigid playoff game
Alix Earle TikTok
 Alix Earle froze in the name of fashion — and took a page from Taylor Swift's book of game-day style.

 The TikTok star, 23, bundled up before flying from Miami to Kansas City on Saturday to cheer on her boyfriend, Miami Dolphins wide receiver Braxton Berrios, where Berrios and the Dolphins lost to the Kansas City Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium in below-zero temperatures.

 The influencer shared a breakdown of her look for the matchup — the fourth-coldest game in NFL history, per the Associated Press — in a “Let’s Get Dressed” video before hopping on a flight to the frigid Missouri stadium.

 In the TikTok, Earle first evokes Swift with her sleek, all-black base layer. She wore a fitted, long-sleeve shirt, a thick belt with a gold buckle and high-waisted jeans — plus leggings underneath for an extra layer of warmth.

 To brave the Kansas City cold, she also wore two pairs of socks and knee-high, stiletto boots similar to the pair Swift, 34, wore with a black long-sleeve and cut-off shorts at a Chiefs-Jets game last fall.

 Like the "Karma" singer, who frequently elevates her game-day looks with jewelry inspired by beau Travis Kelce, Earle also sported a custom, fan-made accessory.

 The TikToker wore a maximalist gold necklace decked out with charms — including a bedazzled Dolphins logo and a charm bearing her beau’s nickname, “NFL Man” — made for her by shop Coastal Caviar.

Jamie Squire/Getty
 Taking one last page out of Swift’s style book, Earle layered an oversize, vintage Dolphins jacket over her chic look and topped it all off with a pom-pom hat, which paired perfectly with her wavy blonde hair.

 For the frigid Dolphins-Chiefs game, the Grammy winner also bundled up in style. To cheer Kelce and the Chiefs to victory, she wore a custom, Kristin Juszczyk-designed puffer jacket, which, in true Swift fashion, she paired an all-black base layer, a cozy white beanie and a bright red lip.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human-interest stories.

Alix Earle TikTok
 Like Swift, Earle has become a sideline staple this football season while cheering on Berrios, who her fans lovingly refer to as “NFL Man.”

 The couple has been romantically linked since last spring, and made their red carpet debut at the 2023 ESPY Awards in July.

 Still, Earle didn’t confirm her relationship with Berrios until last November, called the wide receiver her boyfriend for the very first time during a Call Her Daddy live podcast.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)