ByMeg Little Reilly
ByMeg Little Reilly,
 Contributor. 
Fake news
The World Economic Forum released its annual Global Risk Report in January. Misinformation and disinformation were ranked as the most severe threat anticipated over the next two years. Specifically, the report details the potential for bad actors around the world to exacerbate political and social divides. The WEF presented this threat as both a distinct risk and one that is interconnected with the also-rising threat of polarization.
According to the WEF report, almost three billion people will go to the polls in dozens of countries over the next two years and “the widespread use of misinformation and disinformation, and tools to disseminate it, may undermine the legitimacy of newly elected governments.” The report warns of violent protest, hate crimes and terrorism as possible results of a rise in false information.
In the United States, the kinds of disinformation that could wreak such havoc are already in circulation and familiar to most Americans, from AI-generated images of the war in Gaza, as the Associated Press has reported on, to rampant disinformation about Covid-19, which the Journal of the Missouri State Medical Association has identified as a danger. The New York Times
NYT
 recently reported on how TikTok is suddenly swarming with deepfake audio, featuring false recordings of everyone from former President Obama to singer Taylor Swift.
It’s a volatile moment for the rise of artificial intelligence and the supremacy of social media to collide with heightened global conflict and national elections. Around the world at least 83 significant elections are expected to take place in the coming year, according to Anchor Change’s Election Cycle Tracker. That’s the highest number of elections that are expected in a given year for at least another 24 years.
Not all disinformation is created with politics in mind, but falsehoods need not be specifically about a candidate, a war or a political party to have an impact on elections and democracy. A December poll from KFF found that at least a quarter of U.S. adults are uncertain about the accuracy of information they see about Middle East conflict, the presidential election and Covid-19. In other words, they’re unsure of whether or not they can trust anything they see in the news.
Fake news 
While skepticism and critical reading are essential skills for literate consumers of news, a broad and undiscriminating lack of trust can have the inverse effect. According to a 2015 study published in the American Journal of Political Science, low trust in institutions is correlated with a willingness to endorse political conspiracy theories. Low trust in elections, in particular, is correlated with lower voter turnout, according to a December 2022 study from the UC San Diego Yankelovich Center for Social Science Research. And per a February 2022 study in the journal Current Opinion in Psychology, suspicion and distrust also corrode personal relationships, exacerbating polarization.
“It is a vicious circle,” wrote Keshini Navaratnam for the Institute for Commonwealth Studies at the University of London. “Fake news inevitably generates mistrust and undermines the efforts of the reputable global media which seek to convey the truth, endorse the rule of law and hold those in power and influence to account. Fake news is insidious; it permeates the cells of society, latching on imperceptibly to its host then destroying the structure from within.”
The antidote to this effect will need to be ambitious and multipronged to address the technological, economic and cultural conditions of this moment, but we know enough about what works to start tackling it today. The UNC Center for Media Law and Policy has created an actionable plan for mitigating the impact of disinformation with a combination of antitrust law and platform regulation, media literacy programs and the reinvigoration of local news.
Local news is strongly correlated with civic engagement, from voting and volunteerism to interaction with neighbors, according to Pew Research Center. This may be the area with the most momentum and promise at the moment, in the wake of historic commitments from some of the largest philanthropic groups to reenergize local news.
For the U.S. and dozens of other countries in the throes of charged national elections, the positive impact of these efforts can’t come soon enough.