As snowy weather arrives, Scots are being asked to come up with inventive names for gritters which match the likes of Taylor Drift and Keanu Freeze. 


  More than 6,000 ideas have already been submitted as Amey South-West Trunk Roads runs its popular annual competition. 


  The newly-named gritters will join the likes of classics like Yes Sir, Ice Can Boogie, Sir Grits Hoy, Skid Vicious and Sweet Child O'Brine. 


Read more: The coldest areas in Scotland as temperatures plummet


  Winners from last year's competition who are now new editions to the 2023/2024 winter fleet include Kevin Fridges, Stone Cold Steve Frostin' and Skate Bush – puns on comedian Kevin Bridges, WWE star and actor Steve Austin, and singer Kate Bush, of course. 


  Scotland's tradition of coming up with bizarre and interesting names for its gritter fleet has previously gone viral on social media and made headlines around the world. 


Keane Freeze is among the new gritters who have joined Scotland's fleet  (Image: Amey South-West Trunk Roads)


  In December 2020, Irn-Bru was drawn by the distinctive bright orange of the Amey South-West gritter and named one  'Grits You Thru'. 


   The following year, another iconic Scottish brand joined the fleet with staff at family-run bakery Tunnock’s calling a vehicle 'Caramelt Wafer'. 


  Gritter names can be submitted to Amey online from Monday (January 15) via a page on swtrunkroads.scot.  


  Gritter name reveals will take place on the @SWTRUNKROADS Facebook and Twitter channels and will appear live on the Traffic Scotland Gritter Tracker.  


Read more: Drivers urged to give gritters 'time and space' after collision
   
  To prepare for this Winter, Amey says it has amassed 21,000 tonnes of road salt, 231,000 litres of brine, and 50,000 litres of potassium acetate.


  The service is overseen by 10 Winter Service Duty Officers (WSDO) who provide a 24/7 presence on the network.


  The 17,500-tonne capacity salt barn at Amey’s Polmadie Depot, established in 2021, will continue to provide increased resilience in tackling adverse weather conditions across the trunk road network. 


  The South-West Winter Service includes 27 Frontline Routes, 15 Patrol Routes, and 12 Footway Routes (requiring 197km of winter treatment).


  It is delivered by 56 Econ gritters and snowploughs, 16 footpath gritters, 12 tractors, and 115 Highways Operatives.


Kevin Fridges (Comedian, Kevin Bridges) 
    

Stone Cold Steve Frostin (WWE Star and Actor, Steve Austin) 
    

Keanu Freeze (Actor, Keanu Reeves) 
    

Polar Abdul (Singer and American Idol Judge, Paula Abdul) 
    

Taylor Drift (Singer, Taylor Swift) 
    

Sleeter Andre (Singer, Peter Andre) 
    

Skate Bush (Singer, Kate Bush) 
    

  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.