Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
While watching the Kansas City Chiefs game against the Miami Dolphins on Saturday night, Taylor Swift was seen "screeching" in Travis Kelce's suite—and it didn't seem to faze his mom one bit.
Swift was first spotted at a Chiefs game on September 24 alongside Donna Kelce and has attended several Chiefs contests his season amid her romance with the team's tight end. During Kansas City's 26-7 win in subzero temperatures on Saturday, she was once again seen alongside his mom.
The event broke the record for the coldest game in Arrowhead Stadium history and was the fourth-coldest NFL game ever. NBC reported that the kickoff temperature in Kansas City was negative 4 degrees Fahrenheit, with a wind chill of minus 26 degrees. Even though it was icy, a special heating system under the pitch made sure the match went ahead as planned.
The cold didn't stop Swift from attending the game and getting involved in the action. People online have compared Swift to Travis Kelce after a video showed her yelling while looking visibly stressed as she watched the game. The clip has received more than 229,000 views.
donna just unphased by her screeching. taylor is just like travis fr pic.twitter.com/jU8YkAr5TQ
Newsweek contacted Swift's publicist and reached out to Donna Kelce through Travis Kelce's publicist for comment via email Monday.
The clip, uploaded to X (formerly Twitter) by user @graynovember13, was captioned: "Donna just [unfazed] by her screeching. Taylor is just like Travis fr [for real]." The video was originally shared on the social media platform by user @_nataliemaria13.
"Come on!" Swift could be heard yelling, with no reaction from Donna Kelce, who was right beside her.
Users in the comments section praised Travis Kelce's mom, with some theorizing that she's used to the noise after raising two loud sons.
"She's probably used to it ages ago. Jason did say he's a very loud and noisy human being on their podcast and Travis said his presence adds to the noise," one person wrote.
"As someone [who's] also a mother of 2 boys, nothing scares us," said another.
"Donna's been to a few games. This is the norm," a third person commented.
A fourth added: "Donna is just so chill. She's the best."
"Taylor is like another Travis for her," someone else wrote about Donna Kelce.
Others were worried about the impact the yelling would have on Swift's vocal cords, as she is in the middle of her Eras tour, which is set to conclude on December 8, 2024. The tour has broken the Guinness World Record for the highest-grossing tour of all time, beating the previous record set by Elton John's Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour.
"Her voice! I know it's hard not to scream! But that BILLION DOLLAR maker," someone commented.
"M'am please be careful of ur vocal cords you have a show in a month," said another.
Donna Kelce previously showed her support for her son's relationship with Swift in a subtle way when she uploaded a video to Instagram on November 20. While aboard a Celebrity Cruises ship, she showed her followers what her accommodation looked like.
"Come tour my room on the inaugural sail of the @celebritycruises Ascent," she captioned the post.
Nothing gets past Swifties, as they noticed that Donna Kelce was quietly listening to a song by the singer-songwriter in the background. The song was "The 1," which is from her eighth studio album, Folklore, released in 2020. Written from the point of view of one of Swift's friends, the song describes the narrator's newborn optimistic outlook on life and previous romance.
Now that the tight end and the pop star are an official couple, Donna Kelce feels more comfortable commenting on their relationship publicly.
"I can tell you this," she said. "He's happier than I've seen him in a long time.... God bless him, he shot for the stars!" she told The Wall Street Journal in November.
Update 01/16/24, 4:10 a.m. ET: This article was updated to credit the person who originally filmed the clip of Swift.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC