Mother-daughter date night goals 
From co-ordinating couples to mummy-and-me matching, twinning is most certainly winning in certain circles of Hollywood. It's the ultimate way of showing closeness and loyalty – in fashion terms, at least – not to mention it's also just VERY cute. In the past few months alone, we've seen Taylor Swift and Blake Lively cement their BFF status in matching party outfits, Gwyneth Paltrow and Dakota Johnson prove they are very much on the same page in co-ordinating denim and green parkas, while Heidi and Leni Klum have even taken to twinning in their lingerie... 
But we have to say, the duo we are most envious of RN is Reese Witherspoon and her 24-year-old daughter Ava Phillippe. Not only are they the literal spitting image of one another – those blonde locks! that smile! jel – but they are also taking mother-daughter date nights to a whole new level, as they attended the star-studded Critics Choice Awards together last night.   
And ofc, they had to hit the red carpet in matching looks for the occasion... Both Reese and Ava stunned in strapless black gowns to be each others' dates for the glitzy event in Santa Monica. Reese, who was nominated as Best Actress for The Morning Show, wore a maxi design by Celine featuring an XXL bow detail and high leg slit, while her daughter Ava opted for a pearl and floral sequin embroidered mini-dress by Monique Lhuillier. Both wore black heels by Christian Louboutin, and Ava also gave a nod to her mother's dress designer by repping a Celine clutch of her own. Even their smokey eye and nude lip make-up looks were the same! 
As Reese put it herself in her Instagram post, it was the ultimate "Mother daughter date night 💕💫". Iconic!
Clementina Jackson is Acting Site Fashion Editor at ELLE UK, working across news and features, trends, e-commerce and SEO. She was previously Fashion Editor at Cosmopolitan and Women’s Health, and Acting Digital Fashion Editor at ELLE UK, where she was named as a PPA 30 Under 30 award winner for her work on size inclusivity. An experienced fashion, travel and luxury lifestyle journalist, Clementina has also written for Harper’s Bazaar, Vanity Fair, Condé Nast Traveller, Tatler, Red and Italy Segreta. 

The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
We found £35 lookalikes to the Hermes Oran sandals
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.