Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Judi Love makes no secret of the fact she loves a bit of trash television, and in her weekly column for OK! she reveals which shows have caught her attention this month.
As well as the return of The Traitors, on BBC One, she's also loving Love Island All Stars for the "drama" and has been horrified by a particular ITV drama based on real events.
The 43-year-old Loose Women panellist also tells us who were her big winners at this month's Golden Globe Awards, and why her social media break has been so good for her mental health.
 Register for FREE to read this article in full. Just pop your email address below for free access to our exclusive magazine content as an  OK! VIP.
The spectacular red-carpet outfits at the Golden Globes didn’t disappoint. Taylor Swift looked fabulous in her all-green sequin dress, and I loved Oprah sticking to her purple theme and showing off her snatched self.
Also, congratulations to fellow comedian Ali Wong for making history as the first Asian American to win Best Female Actor In A Limited Series for Beef. It was also lovely to see her thank her ex-husband for his support, while being there with her new partner.
Love Island All Stars has finally hit our screens – and it’s sure to bring hours of drama! From returning fan favourites [such as Georgia Harrison] to Islanders who know how to play the game, viewers are in for a treat with this line-up.
Oh my God, The Traitors is back! The BAFTA-winning show, hosted by Claudia Winkleman, had me on the edge of my sofa last series and it’s already doing the same this year.
They’ve added even more twists and shockers this time round, like a mother-and-son duo. My standout characters have been Paul, Diane and Zack. It’s a must-watch.
The unbelievable story about the Post Office scandal is devastating, and the recent ITV1 drama based on real-life accounts, Mr Bates Vs The Post Office, is shocking. People lost their livelihoods, savings and in some cases, freedom and mental health.
To think that the investigation is ongoing more than 20 years later is unreal. Let’s hope justice is served and those affected finally get a sense of peace.
My recent social media break has been good for my mental health. I’ve been using the time to write, be with my family and concentrate on the new year.
I can’t stress enough how important it is to clear your mind from the overload.