Warmer tones, choppy bobs, and off-the-neck updos are coming in hot. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Chalk it up to an affinity for juxtaposition, but as the winter gets colder, hair trends can’t help but heat up. It’s a yearly occurrence. The holiday season brings about hair accessory experimentation, hair colors quite literally take on a warmer tone as temperatures cool, and cuts get (just a hair) chicer. “I anticipate a shift towards more natural and effortless looks for the winter,” says hair pro Abby Haliti. “Expect to see a rise in low-maintenance styles, like lived-in balayage and subtle color melts, reflecting a desire for understated elegance that complements the cozy winter vibes.” 
In that vein, we'll witness an uptick in effortless bangs accompanying classic cuts, ribbons and bows at every juncture, and hair colors that ooze an aura of haute couture. There’s a trend for every hair type and texture and plenty of hair inspiration to see us through the season. To get a dose of winter-approved looks before your holiday hair appointment, scroll ahead. Top hair stylists and colorists are breaking down the biggest winter 2024 hair trends.
If there ever was a time to take bangs for a test run, it’s this winter. From a practical standpoint, your new set will style easily. “I highly recommend trying them in the winter when it’s not too hot out,” says Melissa Parizot, co-owner and stylist at IGK’s New York City salon. Humidity isn’t as much of a concern, so your bangs are more likely to stay full of life—and not matted to your head. 
Bangs—whether their baby, curtain, or blunt in nature—are also on the up and up. Need proof? Look at the one and only Kate Middleton’s ‘70s-inspired fringe, Taylor Swift’s adoption of the heavy side bang, or even Cardi B’s (momentary) heavy, blunt bangs courtesy of a wig. 
A post shared by Jodie Turner-Smith
A photo posted by jodiesmith on 
The shag haircut has already had approximately nine lives throughout the year. There’s the return of the mullet, the bixie (pixie + mullet + bob), and even  the octopus haircut (think: edgy yet effortless). And don’t expect the cut to go anywhere, anytime soon. “The shag haircut, with its effortless, tousled layers, will continue to gain popularity. This versatile style suits various hair lengths and textures, making it a go-to for those seeking a trendy yet low-maintenance option,” says Haliti. 
A post shared by Adir Abergel
A photo posted by hairbyadir on 
While blunt bobs certainly had a moment this past summer, the winter is bringing more layered, laid-back cuts into the fold. “The classic bob gets a modern twist with choppy layers and strategically placed lowlights,” says Haliti. “This style provides movement and dimension, making it a versatile choice for Winter.” Megan Fox is just one of many celebs hopping on board with the trend, but her take alone might just be enough to convince you to go for the chop.
A post shared by Dimitris Giannetos
A photo posted by dimitrishair on 
This specific tone has taken on many different names over the course of the past few weeks. Think: Cowboy Copper or Gingerbread Red. “Gingerbread red is more of a muted copper with very warm, brown and golden undertones,” says Parizot. “I think it’s gained popularity because it’s more versatile for different skin tones (being that a vibrant copper isn’t exactly flattering on everyone) and it’s also much less maintenance, and more gentle on the hair than a vibrant copper is.” Shay Mitchell is the latest celeb to hop on board with the trend, but we’ve seen Shay Mitchell, Megan Thee Stallion, and Riley Keough all get on board.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
A post shared by Dimitris Giannetos
A photo posted by dimitrishair on 
“As far as the overall winter hair aesthetic goes, I’m seeing a shift in more warm tones. Not only are people asking for them, but I’ve been encouraging my clients to play around with some warmer, more golden, deeper hues,” explains IGK co-founder Olivia Casanova. “It’s a great way to help your skin appear brighter in the winter months.” 
Think of the tone like a candlelit brunette. “It’s a warm brown, with subtle, golden face-framing highlights—almost as if it’s mimicking reflection from a candle,” adds Parizot. “This has also gained popularity because it’s customizable to so many different hair types, colors and textures. It’s also relatively low maintenance.” 
A post shared by rihanna
A photo posted by babgalririi on 
Chock it up to Priscilla or an appreciation for Old Hollywood glam, but a brown-boarderline black hue is without a doubt on the up. “This is a mix of black and brown hues, creating a soft, brown-black shade,” says Parizot. “It’s a classic color that exudes elegance. This also works for multiple hair textures. The only downside is that it’s a lot of maintenance if you’re naturally on the lighter side.” 
A post shared by Olivia Casanova
A photo posted by livcasanovahair on 
"Embracing and enhancing natural grays will continue to be on-trend," says Haliti, pointing to celebrities like Hilarie Burton, Helen Mirren, and Meryl Streep. "This look celebrates authenticity and individuality, with soft transitions that create a harmonious blend." You can transition your hair gradually (and make the grow out appear less stark) with visits to your colorists.
A post shared by Hilarie Burton Morgan
A photo posted by hilarieburton on 
“Updos are having a huge moment this winter as galas, holiday parties and everything are back full force,” says Parizot. While you can’t go wrong with a sleek chignon or braided bun, a messier rendition is what’s trending. “This specific updo is soft, romantic and can be flattering on all face shapes because some pieces of hair are pulled out to frame the face.”
After Fashion Month declared bows the accessory of the season, their presence has proliferated. Whether it’s a bow clip or ribbon, sweet and feminine hair accessories are blowing up. “With updos and fashion being back in full force, so are accessories,” says Parizot. “Ribbons are a fun way to play around, whether it’s just to play up your hairstyle,  or to actually pull your hair back, softly. The variation of fabric you can use makes it easy to dress this either up or down for all occasions as well.” 
Elaborate braided styles adorned with accessories like pearls, ribbons, or delicate pins will be a major trend,” says Haliti. “This playful yet sophisticated look provides a stylish way to keep hair in check during winter.” 
A post shared by Halle Bailey
A photo posted by hallebailey on 
A born and raised New Yorker, Olivia Casanova, co-owner of IGK Salon New York and master colorist with over a decade of experience, has worked her entire career between New York City and LA, working alongside some of the top names in the industry.Known for her natural looks and detailed eye for seamless perfection, she has become one of the most sought after colorists in NYC.Olivia works with each client to tailor a look that fits their lifestyle, and one that effortlessly enhances their natural beauty. She’s worked with celebrities and royalty such as: Maluma, Johnathan Cheban, Karrueche, and princess of Monaco, Pauline Ducuret. Her color work has been featured in: Vogue Arabia, Vogue Beauty Korea, Instyle Spain, L’Officiel Italy, and KKW beauty.Having numerous inputs in articles with Vogue, Cosmopolitan, Refinery 29, Mane Addicts, the Zoe report, Byrdie, and more, Olivia continues to be a part of the new generation of trend setting colorists.
Melissa is the co-owner of IGK New York and a master hairstylist. 
Abby Haliti is a hair colorist committed to enhancing hair health and promoting sustainable beauty practices.Her approachable personality and "Less is More" philosophy, utilizing organic techniques and treatments, have gained her a devoted following.Abby's goal is to not only keep clients fashionable, but also to maintain the health of their hair. She has spread her signature "European Method" of hair coloring through international collaborations with top salons in destinations like the Middle East and Latin America.Abby takes a meticulous approach to hair coloring, ensuring every detail is considered to achieve fashionable results that prioritize the health of the hair. It is important to remember that hair is often the first aspect of a person's appearance that is noticed, and hair coloring can make a powerful statement.Healthy hair is the foundation of beautiful hair.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.