The pair stepped out for a low-key date night on Saturday at Luna Luna, an art amusement park
Robyn Beck / AFP; John Nacion/Variety via Getty
Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter are spending time together.
The Saltburn star, 31, and the singer, 24, enjoyed a night out together in Los Angeles on Saturday as they stopped by Luna Luna — an art-centric theme park that recreates the original 1987 art amusement park in Germany — a source confirms to PEOPLE.
"It definitely seemed like a date,” an onlooker tells PEOPLE of the pair’s outing, which comes after weeks of speculation about them possibly being an item.
Keoghan and Carpenter were “cute” together and “shared a little kiss,” the onlooker adds of their outing to the new L.A. art scene hotspot.
PEOPLE reached out to Keoghan and Carpenter's reps for comment.
Related: Barry Keoghan Says He’s ‘Really Flirtin’ with Saltburn Costar and ‘Constantly Close’ Friend Jacob Elordi
The night out comes after a big week for the Irish actor, who attended last week’s Golden Globes Awards, where he was nominated best for performance by a male actor in a motion picture - drama for Saltburn. Keoghan also celebrated another forthcoming project, Apple TV+’s Masters of the Air, at the L.A. premiere on Wednesday.
At both events, he brought his style A-game. He wore a red suit jacket and checkered trousers with some chains at the awards show, and rocked an off-white sleeveless suit set from Dolce & Gabbana at Wednesday's premiere.
Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Carpenter, meanwhile, has been lying low in between runs supporting Taylor Swift on the international leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour. She kicked off her slate as an opening act on the tour for three dates in Mexico City in August, followed by a run of South American shows in Argentina and Brazil.
After Swift, 34, plays four shows in Tokyo in early February, Carpenter will join her again for a run of dates in Australia and Singapore.
The “Nonsense” singer told Who What Wear in November that the gig is a “childhood dream come true” for her. “I still probably have not processed it if I’m being completely honest with you," she said.
Jamie McCarthy/WireImage
Related: Sabrina Carpenter Kills Boys in the Horror-Inspired Music Video for 'Feather' — Watch!
Keoghan and Carpenter’s blossoming relationship comes after the Irish actor made his first comment following reports that he’d split from his longtime girlfriend Alyson Sandro, with whom he shares a 1-year-old son, Brando.
“She’s done a great job and she’s an incredible mother,” he told GQ of his former partner.
Carpenter has been previously linked to Shawn Mendes and briefly dated Joshua Bassett, a relationship many fans speculated to be the basis for Olivia Rodrigo’s breakout hit “Driver’s License.”
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.
Leeds have pipped Burnley to the Championship, with Sheffield Utd, Sunderland, Coventry and Bristol City in the playoffs to join them in the Premier League.
Collingwood's Jack Crisp has missed a fairytale shot at goal after the final siren and Geelong have won a classic AFL clash by three points.
Max Gawn has steered Melbourne to another victory but Jake Melksham faces a nervous wait after being involved in an incident which left an opponent concussed.
South Africa fast bowler Kagiso Rabada has revealed he's serving a suspension after testing positive for a recreational drug.
Anthony Albanese has claimed an emphatic win in the federal election with Labor forging a bigger majority for its second term.
Anthony Pantazopoulos has scored the decisive goal in the Wanderers' 3-1 win over western Sydney rivals Macarthur FC ahead of their ALM elimination final.
The mood was dire in Liberal HQ as Peter Dutton became the first opposition leader to lose his seat in a federal election.
St George Illawarra have come up with one of the most inexplicable bombed tries in recent memory as Wests Tigers eked out a win in Magic Round.
The coalition could be left with as few as seven seats in the nation's second-largest state after voters swung further behind Labor.
Labor party faithful couldn't contain their joy, bursting into tears and chanting the prime minister's name as Anthony Albanese claims victory.
The ACT Brumbies have exacted sweet revenge on the NSW Waratahs to remain on track for a Super Rugby Pacific home final in Canberra.
Singapore's new leader faces his first test of support in charge of the People's Action Party, which is expected to extend its decades-long dominance.
Western United will host an A-League Men elimination final after ending premiers Auckland FC's 14-game undefeated streak with a 4-2 win to finish third.
A notorious drug cartel could be behind a wave of attacks on French prisons and prison staff, Paris prosecutors say.
West Coast Fever made it back-to-back wins since the return of Jhaniele Fowler-Nembard with a thrilling victory over Sunshine Coast Lightning.
A woman is dead after apparently going to plant a bomb at a bank in northern Greece only for it to explode in her hands.
The Warriors have been forced to hold off a rampaging North Queensland comeback to win, 30-26, for the sixth time in seven NRL games.
Melbourne City have finished second in the A-League Men after a 5-1 thrashing of Sydney FC, who will miss out on finals to Adelaide United.
A three-goal haul from captain Jordan Dawson has helped Adelaide trounce Carlton by 60 points at Adelaide Oval.
Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has been declared the winner of Australia's federal election after a campaign fought on living costs, health and housing.