Taylor Swift and new bestie Brittany Mahomes showed off their matching custom coats during the Kansas City Chiefs’ winning game against the Miami Dolphins Saturday.
“Twinning & Winning,” the wife of Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes wrote via Instagram Sunday. 
Swift — who was spotted in the stands cheering on boyfriend Travis Kelce — shot the camera a smoldering look as she wrapped her arm around Brittany in the featured photo.
Other subsequent snaps in the carousel showed the two smiling and posing in their coordinated fits, while the final shot captured the Grammy winner hugging her fellow WAG while they sat in the VIP suite.
The “Blank Space” singer bundled up for the below-zero temperatures in a custom Chiefs jacket designed by Kristin Juszczyk — the wife of 49ers player Kyle Juszczyk — that featured Kelce’s last name and jersey number.
For more Page Six you love…
She tied her playoff look together with black pants, Christian Louboutin combat boots ($1,395) and a white beanie.
Brittany, who followed suit in a similar custom-made coat with her husband’s name and number on the back, also wore black pants and a white, furry Clyde Dollop hat ($168). 
Swift, 34, and Brittany, 28, have grown close since the “Look What You Made Me Do” hitmaker started attending Kelce’s football games in September 2023.
Since then, the pair has shared cheerful moments while supporting their significants at both home and away games.
The ladies even debuted their own BFF handshake during the Chiefs’ game against the Los Angeles Chargers in October.
“Brittany is thrilled to be building a genuine friendship with Taylor,” a source told Us Weekly at the time. “They’ve hung out a couple of times and have grown fairly close in a short period of time.”
“The fact that Patrick and Travis are best friends makes things even better,” the insider added. 
“They’re having a blast and love cheering on their men together.”
The WAGs have also bonded outside of the games, joining each other for various girls’ nights out on the town. 
Page Six exclusively learned Swift and Brittany had a recent outing at Rye restaurant in Leawood, Kan., on Dec. 30 with other partners of the Chiefs players.
“All the girls had cocktails, so it was definitely a lively girls’ night, which was fun to see,” the eatery’s co-owner Megan Garrelts told us, explaining that Kelce has been a regular at the establishment.
Advertisement