This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
'Oppenheimer' stars Emily Blunt and Matt Damon tell Fox News Digital what it was like taking on their roles in the Christopher Nolan film.
Selena Gomez and Emily Blunt weren’t taking any chances this weekend after they had some lip-reading moments go viral.
The actresses posed together during the AFI Awards in Los Angeles on Friday, where they were both honored after being selected to the Top 10 film and television lists, holding their hands over their mouths.
Gomez posted the photo to her Instagram stories with the caption "We shall not speak, lol," poking fun at the faux drama created during the Golden Globes last weekend.
For "Oppenheimer" star Blunt, she and husband John Krasinski came under scrutiny when people analyzed a red carpet video of the couple, attempting to read their lips.
JOHN KRASINSKI, EMILY BLUNT GO VIRAL AFTER FANS THINK HE SAID ‘DIVORCE’: 6 TIMES THEY JOKED ABOUT MARRIAGE 
Emily Blunt and Selena Gomez poked fun at their viral lip-reading moments from the Golden Globes by posing together and covering their mouths with their hands at an event on Friday. (Instagram/Getty Images)
Several commenters online seemed to think the couple of 15 years was speaking about divorce. 
"I’ve watched this 500 times trying to convince myself he said something other than divorce," a comment read on the video, which was shared to TikTok.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Commenters online speculated that John Krasinski and Emily Blunt were speaking about divorce on the red carpet at last Sunday's Golden Globes. (Alberto Rodriguez/Golden Globes 2024/Golden Globes 2024 via Getty Images)
Others thought it could have simply been a joke between the couple, and some even suspected they were discussing the chilly, windy weather and hoping to get inside.
Reps for Krasinski and Blunt did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's request for comment about the video.
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
As for Gomez, she was spotted during the ceremony in a huddle with her bestie Taylor Swift, prompting speculation on what they were chatting about.
Fans were intensely curious about what Gomez whispered to Taylor Swift during th Golden Globes, and according to Gomez, it was "about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone business." (Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024/Golden Globes 2024 via Getty Images)
E! News posted to their social media that Gomez was gossiping about Timothee Chalamet and Kylie Jenner to Swift, but the "Only Murders in the Building" star shut that down.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone business," Gomez commented on the outlet’s social media post.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.