Taylor Swift is booked for four consecutive dates at the Tokyo Dome. The last show is Feb. 10 — the night before the Super Bowl.
The Chiefs took a step, albeit in Caribou boots, toward the Super Bowl by dumping the Dolphins on Saturday.
But Taylor Swift would need the ultimate Hail Mary to make the game in Las Vegas. It would require a mad dash to make it to Allegiant Stadium, should Travis Kelce and the defending Super Bowl champs advance to the Super Bowl on Feb. 11.
The pop icon and sports-memorabilia fashion plate (thanks to her Kelce jacket custom-made by designer Kristin Juszczyk, wife of 49ers all-pro full back Kyle Juszczyk) launches the next leg of her seemingly endless Eras Tour in Japan on Feb. 7.
Swift is booked for four consecutive dates at the Tokyo Dome. The last show is Feb. 10 — the night before the game.
It is logistically possible for Swift to board a plane and fly directly to Allegiant Stadium. That flight is at least 13 hours. Tokyo is 17 hours ahead of Las Vegas.
The game is scheduled to kick off at 3:30 p.m. Pacific time. Given the travel patterns and such options as a private jet, it is possible — mathematically — for Swift to attend the game.
National and international media will of course speculate about Swift’s plans, should the Chiefs make it to Las Vegas. But a more sensible option for Swift has been floated, by New York magazine’s Vulture publication. Swift could be on the short list of headliners for the halftime show of the 2025 Super Bowl at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans.
That show would culminate an 18-month journey for the international superstar, regardless of who advances to the Super Bowl — including the Chiefs.
Cool Hang Alert
Fontainebleau is sticking to its commitment to bolster live entertainment at Nowhere lounge, based on famed hotel architect Morris Lapidus’ Stairs to Nowhere at Fontainebleau Miami Beach Reservations are not required.
Upcoming performances:
— The Jennifer Keith Sextet (with whom we hung a few moons ago at the Cosmopolitan) is back at from 8 p.m.-midnight Sunday and again Jan. 25, 26, 27 and 28.
— Longtime column fave Mikalah Gordon headlines Monday and Tuesday, returning Jan. 29.
— OA & The Jazz Cats take over Wednesday, and again Jan. 22, 23, 24, 30 and 31.
— Mallet Man is Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Jan. 21. All times are 8 p.m.-midnight.
No cover. No reservations required.
We endorse this, and more, from Fontainebleau. The resort has lost some executive talent since opening Dec. 13, but the attention to live entertainment across the resort merits support. Azul, Collins, Komodo, Papi Steak and Washing Potato are all animated with musicians or DJs.
We still need to hit LIV Nightclub; the chic rooftop Poodle Room is not yet open, and are eager to swing into that venue. And we’re expecting more announcements out of BleauLive Theatre, soon. Go to FontainebleauLasVegas.com for intel.
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP