Janet Jackson will perform in N.Y. and N.J. while on her summer tour.Invision
Janet Jackson wants to be together with her fans again, so she’s hitting the road this summer.
Jackson’s extended “Together Again” tour will begin on June 4 in Palm Desert, Calif. and will wrap up on July 30 in Phoenix, Ariz.
While on tour, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee will perform at the Prudential Center in Newark on July 9 and at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, N.Y. on July 10.
Nelly will be a special guest for the duration of the “Together Again” tour.
The “Together Again” tour will celebrate her 50th anniversary in the entertainment industry and spotlight three of Jackson’s critically acclaimed albums: “The Velvet Rope”, “janet” and “Rhythm Nation”.
If you want to see Janet Jackson in concert this summer, here is how you can secure your ticket.
Presale tickets for Janet Jackson’s “Together Again” tour go on sale on Jan. 17 at 10 a.m through Ticketmaster.
The general sale will then begin on Jan. 19 at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
Fans of Jackson can also buy tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketNetwork, TicketCity and MegaSeats.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Jackson’s tour dates is available here.
Janet Jackson is not the only artist heading out on tour this year.
Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss seeing in 2024 Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Drake.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices