If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	It’s a good year for music lovers, who will be able to see some of their favorite artists perform record-breaking albums and chart-topping singles of the past year.

Billie Eilish is currently on a world tour in support of her third album, “Hit Me Hard and Soft,” which will see the pop star hit Australia, followed by Europe, the U.K. and Ireland from April to late July. Meanwhile, Beyoncé kicks off a 22-show jaunt in support of her Grammy-winning “Cowboy Carter” this spring. Later, Tyler, the Creator will hit the road for “Chromakopia” and Charli XCX will kick off a brief headlining tour this spring. Liam and Noel Gallagher of Oasis will cap off the jam-packed year with a long-awaited reunion in the U.K.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Brian Tyree Henry on That 'Dope Thief' Finale Twist and His Passion for Meghan Markle's 'Delightful' Netflix Series		
			








	Below, check out the most anticipated tours of 2025, and how to buy tickets:

	Beyoncé’s highly anticipated tour in support of her Grammy-winning “Cowboy Carter” kicks off this spring. The 22-show run will start in April with four nights at Los Angeles’ SoFi Stadium and proceed to Chicago, Ill.; East Rutherford, N.J.; London, U.K.; Paris, France; Houston, Texas; Washington, D.C. and Atlanta, Ga.

Billie Eilish is currently on a world tour in support of her third album, “Hit Me Hard and Soft.” The Live Nation-produced tour will continue in February when the pop star will hit Australia, followed by Europe, the U.K. and Ireland from April to late July.

	Sabrina Carpenter has extended her “Short n’ Sweet” tour, kicking off her next batch of dates at Pittsburgh’s PPG Paints Arena on Oct. 23-24. She’ll stage five nights at New York City’s Madison Square Garden (Oct. 26, 28, 29, 31, and Nov. 1), two at Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena (Nov. 4-5) and two at Toronto’s Scotiabank Arena (Nov. 10-11), before heading over to Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena for six closing nights on Nov. 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20, plus the 22 and 23.

	This summer, K-pop sensation Blackpink will play a “limited” run of large-scale shows in 10 cities around the world, including North American stops in L.A.. New York, Chicago and Toronto.

	Tyler, The Creator has announced a 2025 world tour in support of his forthcoming album “Chromakopia,” which released last October. Promoted by AEG Presents, “Chromakopia: the World Tour” will feature special guests Lil Yachty and Paris Texas and spans North America, Europe, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand over the course of 2025.



	Charli will embark on a brief headlining tour this spring, following her club tour across Europe and North and South America, as well has her six-week North American tour this past fall with Troye Sivan.

	After embarking on a three-month jaunt last year, the Puerto Rican superstar has set a 21-day residency in Puerto Rico in support of his sixth studio album “Debí Tirar Más Fotos.” Tickets go on sale Jan. 15.

	One day after Kendrick Lamar scored a No. 1 debut on the Billboard 200 with his surprise album “GNX,” the rapper announced a North American stadium tour with SZA for 2025. The “Grand National Tour” will hit 19 stadiums across North America, between April and June of 2025. 

	Metallica has announced that its “M72” world tour will be extended into a third year, with the announcement of 21 North American shows spanning April, May and June 2025.

	After a teaser run of club dates that he insisted wasn’t a tour, Jack White will celebrate his Grammy-nominated new album “No Name” with a global headline run. The “No Name” tour began December 1 with a previously announced festival performance at Hong Kong’s Clockenflap Music & Arts Festival and then visits venues across Asia, Australia/New Zealand, and North America through May 2025.

	Perhaps the biggest music news of the past year was the highly unexpected reunion between Liam and Noel Gallagher of Oasis. After a 15-year feud, the band’s co-founders and siblings will let bygones be bygones as they prepare for a reunion tour in the U.K. in summer 2025, including 4 shows at London’s Wembley Stadium and four at Manchester’s Heaton Park. 

	Coldplay’s Music of the Spheres world tour, which began in 2022 and has sold 12 million tickets across Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia, Australia and New Zealand, is the most highly attended tour by a group of all time. The tour is now travelling to Abu Dhabi, Seoul and Hong Kong between Jan. and April 2025.

Rod Stewart will be bringing his “One Last Time” tour to North America in 2025. The tour, which already has traversed Europe and Asia, makes its U.S. debut on March 7 in Austin, Texas, and is confirmed for 20 shows across amphitheaters and arenas through Aug. 15. 



Lana Del Rey has unveiled U.K. and Ireland tour dates for summer 2025, including a stop at London’s Wembley Stadium. The five-date tour marks her first stadium shows in the region, following her first-ever stadium show at Boston’s Fenway Park in June. 

	Following her third studio album “So Close to What,” out Feb. 21, Tate McRae will kick off her global “Miss Possessive Tour,” which spans 50 dates across South America, Europe, United Kingdom and United States. The trek kicks off on March 18 at Mexico City’s Pepsi Centre, with dates planned for London, Berlin, Dublin and more. She’ll swing back Stateside next summer for dates in her native Canada before sweeping through New York City’s Madison Square Garden and wrapping at Los Angeles’ Kia Forum on Sept. 26.

	South Korean pop sensation J-Hope, best known as a member of BTS, has revealed plans for his inaugural solo world tour. The tour, titled “Hope on the Stage,” is set to commence in February and will span continents, with stops scheduled in major cities across Asia and North America.

	MJ Lenderman kicks off his 2025 Spring tour in April, making stops across dozens of major North America cities such as Brooklyn, Portland, Ottawa, Toronto, Detroit, Chicago and more. 

	After a final final farewell tour last year, The Eagles are continuing their Sphere residency through April, 2025. 

	Singer-rapper Post Malone is set to embark on his biggest headlining tour to date with “The Big Ass Stadium Tour,” kicking off in April 2025. According to the announcement, “Post will bring a massive production to 25 stadiums across the United States and Canada.” He will be joined by country artists Jelly Roll and Sierra Ferrell on most dates.

	Jelly Roll continues his first-ever arena tour through 2025, which will take the breakout country artist to dozens of major cities across Canada. He will also headline at Stagecoach in April.

	AC/DC has unveiled dates for the 2025 “Power Up” North American tour — the band’s first dates on the continent since 2016. The 13-date run kicks off on April 10, 2025, in Minneapolis at US Bank Stadium and concludes on May 28, in Cleveland at Huntington Bank Field. Along the way, the band will play the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif. on April 18 and Soldier Field in Chicago on May 24.



	After doing a handful of dates this past year, Linkin Park will resume touring on a grand scale in 2025, with dates set across North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. Most of the shows on the From Zero World Tour are in arenas spanning several continents, but the reconstituted band has stadium shows along the way, too — notably, a Wembley date in London June 28, and a stop at L.A.’s Dodger Stadium on Sept. 13.

	Last year, Sting’s 3.0” tour featured The Police frontman as part of a trio consisting of drummer Chris Maas and Dominic Miller, at smaller venues across North America. In 2025, Billy Joel will join the rocker for a limited number of performances across US cities, with date at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Feb. 8, JMA Wireless Dome in Syracuse, NY on Apr. 11,  Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina on May 10 and and Rice Eccles Stadium in Salt Lake City, Utah on May 23. 

	Chris Stapleton has extended his All-American Road Show tour through 2025, featuring headliners such as Marty Stuart & His Fabulous Superlatives, The War & Treaty, Mike Campbell & The Dirty Knobs, Marcus King, Nikki Lane, Grace Potter, Maggie Rose, Brittney Spencer, and Allen Stone. The trek will include stops at Los Angeles’ Hollywood Bowl, Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena, Seattle’s T-Mobile Park and San Diego’s Petco Park. The country singer is also set to headline the Harley Davidson Homecoming Festival in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 12. 
The Business of Entertainment