He’ll be all right, it’s just a thousand cuts.
Fans were shocked to see Travis Kelce’s bloodied and scratched hand following the Kansas City Chiefs’ dangerously cold game against the Miami Dolphins Saturday.
The Wild Card match-up was the fourth coldest game in NFL history and dropped well into the negatives — yet the Chiefs still came out victorious.
Kelce, 34, put his battle wounds on display during Wednesday’s episode of his “New Heights” podcast with his soon-to-be-retired brother, Jason Kelce, leading many fans to question what caused the injuries.
“wtf happened to travis hand?” one fan asked on X, as another added, “oh my god, Travis’ hand is so scratched, like did his football glove do that?”
“I mean I noticed he was in pain during [coach] Andy [Reid]’s speech in the lockers but wtf his poor hands!!” a third wrote alongside a video of the tight end wringing out his hands in the locker room.
Meanwhile, a fourth joked that perhaps one of Travis’ girlfriend Taylor Swift’s three cats caused the scratches.
“So which cat did this to Travis’ hand? Benji, Olivia, or Meredith?” they tweeted.
Although the football player only gave a glimpse of his hands, which were covered with small red nicks, he likely had bumps and bruises elsewhere on his body given the harsh field conditions.
Travis called the cold temperatures “shocking,” revealing his hands and feet went numb during the game.
“When you go out on the field, it’s like, the temperature just drops right now and you feel it in your hands, you feel it in your toes, your face … I could feel my mustache hardening up,” he explained.
For more Page Six you love…
The athlete said whenever he wasn’t playing, he had to “run over to the heaters” to warm up his hands and feet to “try and get feeling back.”
The “Catching Kelce” star noted that the semi-frozen field felt “rock-hard,” likening it to playing on “concrete.”
“There are certain parts of the field where — I don’t know if it’s just the way the wind hits the stadium or whatnot — [but] it’s colder, it’s icier,” he said. “You knew that it was going to be hard when you hit the ground regardless.”
Despite the frigid temperatures, Travis warmed up with Swift after the game.
The couple, who started dating in July 2023, were seen leaving the stadium hand in hand alongside the two-time Super Bowl champion’s teammate Patrick Mahomes and the quarterback’s wife, Brittany Mahomes.
The “Cruel Summer” singer, 34, bundled up in a custom Chiefs puffer jacket with an all-black ensemble underneath, while Travis got his body temperature back up in a checkered fleece jacket and leather pants.
They seemingly went back to the NFL star’s $6 million mansion to celebrate the big win with friends and family, as per a photo of Swift with Travis’ longtime barber posted to social media.
The couple haven’t escaped the cold just yet, though.
The Chiefs — and likely Swift — are headed to upstate New York this weekend to take on the Buffalo Bills, and the game is expected to be snowy one.
Buffalo is bracing for one to two feet of snow, and the temperature will likely be in the teens.
Advertisement