Last week in New York City, Swift wore a necklace that featured Kobe's quote "Bet on yourself."
Taylor Swift's fashion choices of late are highly scrutinized—along with, well, almost everything she does. So, when she was photographed leaving Electric Lady Studios in New York City's Greenwich Village last week, fans quickly identified that she was wearing a meaningful necklace featuring a quote from Kobe Bryant. 
Swifties quickly deduced that Swift's pendant read "Bet on yourself," a quote that Kobe often said.
In Town & Country's February 2024 cover story, Kobe and Vanessa's daughter, Natalia, opened up about channeling that "bet on yourself" mentality. 
"In terms of legacy, my main goal is just to be the best version of me that I possibly can," Natalia said, and "understanding that there’s no expectation that I should have for each stage of life. I just need to know that I have to keep learning, because there’s no finish line. You just have to keep pushing and being the best person you can be and soaking everything up like a sponge… The job’s never done."
The necklace that Swift wore is part a capsule collection designed by Vanessa Bryant, the wife of the late basketball superstar, in a collaboration between the Mamba & Mambacita Sports Foundation and Zoë Chicco Fine Jewelry. (The necklace is unfortunately no longer available.) After Swift was photographed wearing the necklace, Vanessa posted on her Instagram story, "We Love You Taylor," tagging the account for the foundation. 
In 2019, Kobe spoke about why he was a fan of Swift, saying, "I think it’s important to listen to people who do great things. You can't have that level of consistent success and not be a killer." He added, "I don't care if you don't like her music. Look at what she's doing. It’s unbelievable to be able to pull that off over and over and over. And so, I try to learn from it as much as I can." Kobe also shared that Swift was friendly with his daughters, explaining, "She was a sweetheart to my girls before she even blew up and became Taylor Swift."
This past summer, Vanessa—along with Natalia and her other daughter, Bianka—attended the Eras Tour in Los Angeles, where Bianka received the '22' hat from Swift during the show.  From the Eras Tour, Natalia posted a photo of her and Swift:
She also posted a collection of photos and videos from the show:
"I don’t know how it gets better than this!" Natalia wrote.
Emily Burack (she/her) is the Senior News Editor for Town & Country, where she covers entertainment, celebrities, the royals, and a wide range of other topics. Before joining T&C, she was the deputy managing editor at Hey Alma, a Jewish culture site. Follow her @emburack on Twitter and Instagram.
Taylor Swift’s Diamond & Ruby Snake Necklace
Frances Tiafoe on Meeting Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift at the 2025 Super Bowl
Shop Taylor Swift's Game Day Outfits
Taylor Swift in Louis Vuitton at Chiefs Game
Shop Taylor Swift's Canada Goose Gloves
Taylor Swift Wears Chanel Outfit to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips First Chiefs Game of 2025
Taylor Swift Sparkles During Rainy NYC Date Night
Taylor Swift Skipped Travis Kelce's Christmas Game
Taylor Swift Wears Red Jacket to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips Post-Eras Tour Chiefs Game
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.