She’s a silver anniversary queen. 
Mariska Hargitay understood the assignment when it came to dressing for the “Law & Order: SVU” Season 25 premiere in NYC Tuesday, wearing a sparkling sequined dress in the traditional color of the milestone anniversary.
The Golden Globe winner, 59, wore a disco ball-like Self-Portrait midi dress ($671) with twist-front detail at the neck as she walked the red carpet at Edge at Hudson Yards, telling Entertainment Tonight that she was “serving some sequins, that’s for sure.”
She paired her shimmering frock, which included a flared skirt and short sleeves, with a white faux fur coat before hitting the red carpet, accessorizing with black ankle-strap heels and multiple diamond bracelets.
Hargitay wore her hair in beachy waves for the red carpet event, rocking a smokey eye and peach lip.
The TV veteran has been playing Captain Olivia Benson on the NBC show for an incredible 25 seasons, making Benson the longest-running live-action character in television history.
When asked what she hopes viewers remember about her character, Hargitay — who shared last week that she’s also a rape survivor — said, “I hope that her legacy is she hoped a lot of people heal.”
As for revealing her own sexual assault experience in a People essay this month, the actress said, “I think it was time,” adding she’d “felt safe and ready” to share the story of how she was raped by a friend when she was in her thirties. 
“I’ve been wanting to do it for a long time,” she told Smith, sharing how the cast and crew of “SVU” helped support her through the experience. 
“There’s a lot of love in the people that created the show and a lot of intimacy,” explaining that the cast is “like family.”
For more Page Six Style ..
Oliva Benson has also made an impact on Taylor Swift; one of the “Cruel Summer” hitmaker’s cats is named after the famous TV character (and has a higher net worth than Swift’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce).
To many Swifties’ delight, Hargitay returned the favor by naming her new cat “Karma” in honor of the Swift song last year and causing the Grammy winner to comment, “Are you serious?!!!! Nothing has ever come more full circle.”
Perhaps Olivia Benson the cat can rock a silver dress for the anniversary this week. 
Advertisement