Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
          Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
          
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy
‘Fox Across America’ host Jimmy Faila dissects the 2023 Super Bowl commercials and Rihanna half-time performance on ‘The Big Money Show.’
Calling all NFL football fans.
One lucky fan will have the chance to win some cash while watching commercials all through Super Bowl LVIII, courtesy of a sports betting company. 
Pickswise announced in a press release that it's looking to hire someone to watch every single Super Bowl LVIII commercial and rate the commercials based on certain criteria.
TRAVIS KELCE LOOKALIKE CAN VISIT YOUR 2024 SUPER BOWL WATCH PARTY FOR JUST $1,500
The brand said it wants one extra-observant individual to sit and watch all the ads throughout the Feb. 11, 2024, broadcast and pick their top 10 favorites.
A sports betting company is offering cold hard cash to someone who rates the Super Bowl commercials this year during the broadcast.  (iStock / iStock)
For the work, the person will receive a $500 DoorDash gift card, a 65" 4K television and $2,000 in cash, according to the company. 
The brand also wants the individual to host an epic Super Bowl watch party while judging the commercials based on a few key criteria.
ICE CREAM BRAND OFFERING $5K ENDORSEMENT DEAL TO THOSE WHO KEEP NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS
First, Pickswise wants to know the entertainment impact of the commercial — how entertaining and engaging was the commercial? And did it hold your attention? 
Next, it wants to know if the commercial was creative and innovative, if it created social media buzz after airing and if it even caused emotional reactions among the roomful of football lovers. 
The company is asking one lucky applicant to rate the commercials based on specific criteria that it's established.  (iStock / iStock)
Lastly, the company wants the individual to judge the commercial on its coolness — were there any celebrity cameos worth noting? 
Those looking to apply for the job must be a resident of the United States, at least 18 years of age and cannot be affiliated with the betting company, which is based in New York and is part of Spotlight Sports Group. 
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER
The company noted that all applicants will be entered into a random draw — and the winner will be chosen from there. 
One company is hiring someone to rate every single Super Bowl LVIII commercial this year for money, a gift card and a television.  (iStock / iStock)
This isn’t the only company looking to spice up Super Bowl LVIII watch parties this year, however. 
BetUS, another sports betting company, announced the chance to have a Travis Kelce lookalike visit your Super Bowl watch party on Feb. 11.
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE ON FOX BUSINESS
For the cost of $1,500, fans of Taylor Swift’s boyfriend can get a Travis Kelce lookalike to make a party appearance, take pictures with fans, answer any NFL or football related questions and more. 
Those interested in applying for the Super Bowl commercial rating gig can visit pickswise.com for more information.
For more Lifestyle articles, visit www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle.
Get a brief on the top business stories of the week, plus CEO interviews, market updates, tech and money news that matters to you.
We've added you to our mailing list.
By clicking subscribe, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time.
           

            Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
            Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
        
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy