Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift has recruited a whole new batch of Swifties from an unexpected quarter.
Dads have taken to X, formerly Twitter, praising the "Bad Blood" singer for helping them find bonding time with their daughters.
The outpouring of online love follows the star receiving backlash from several individuals saying that her appearance at NFL games, due to dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, distracts from the sport.
One person who hit out at the popstar was Hall of Fame coach Tony Dungy, who previously told Fox News that the 'Taylor Swift Effect' was "disenchanting" sports.
He said: "That's the thing that's disenchanting people with sports now." Dungy continued: "There's so much on the outside coming in. Entertainment value and different things that's taking away from what really happens on the field."
Swift was also the punch line of a joke made by comedian Jo Koy regarding the Golden Globes. Koy recently hosted the 81st Golden Globes, and in his opening monologue, he joked about Swift dating Kelce and her appearances at matches. Koy jabbed, "The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL? On the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift. I swear, there's just more to go to."
Set against this backdrop, parents, and in particular, fathers, have taken to social media to defend the star and praise the 'Taylor Swift Effect.'
One father said: "Say whatever you want about Taylor Swift & the NFL. My 12-year-old daughter just asked me to point out Jason Kelce & it spurred an entire conversation about why lineman have the numbers they do. I love her beyond words, but the kid never cares about football. That was cool."
Say whatever you want about Taylor Swift & the NFL. My 12-year-old daughter just asked me to point out Jason Kelce & it spurred an entire conversation about why lineman have the numbers they do. I love her beyond words, but the kid never cares about football. That was cool.
Another dad added: " Dear Tony Dungy, Your comments about Taylor Swift are so out of line and wrong. I'm sitting here with my 14-year-old daughter, watching the game, talking about her interest in Taylor and her cool jacket. My daughter knows so much more about football because of Taylor."
"My 10-year-old could not have cared less about football. I sent her all the photos. She sat with me and watched games just maybe to see her. Then was able to understand how sad I was when Miami lost. I'll take that every day," was a contribution from one social media user.
Commenting on how Swift's appearance at games has brought one parent closer to their daughter a spectator said: "I actually feel bad for the Brads, Chads and Angry Dads who spent the year complaining about Taylor Swift interrupting their football because I spent the season trading Swift/Kelce memes with my 14-year-old daughter (who previously didn't care about football) and now it's like a fun thing we share? Which is freaking awesome? (Also she loves that I met Jason once.)"
Dads, Brads, and Chads is the term coined by Swift that she explained in her Time's 2023 Person of the Year interview where she said: "I'm just there to support Travis," and added, "I have no awareness of if I'm being shown too much and pissing off a few dads, Brads, and Chads."
"The Taylor Swift effect: My seven year old daughter is demanding we watch the KC/Miami game. <dad approves>" a dad joked online.
The Taylor Swift effect: My seven year old daughter is demanding we watch the KC/Miami game. 
Enjoying the display of father-daughter posts, a social media user commented: "Seeing dads publicly post thanks/gratitude to Taylor Swift bc they can now bond over football w their daughters/their daughters watch games w them now is the CUTEST thing in the world."
Another social media user posted: "100% agree. A bunch of grown men, terrified that a younger and more female audience might actually be tuning in to watch their beloved football. It's weird."
Newsweek has contact Taylor Swift's talent agent via email for comment.
Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC