Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce walks off the field following an NFL wild-card playoff football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Monday, Jan. 15, 2024, in Tampa, Fla. The Buccaneers won 32-9. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)AP
Whether he retires or not -- he says he still hasn’t made that decision -- Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce is a 6-time first-team All-Pro and a center who defined an era for his longevity and dominant play at the position. He and the Eagles were eliminated from the NFC Playoffs with Monday’s 32-9 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and ESPN’s Adam Schefter reported immediately after the game that Kelce had informed teammates of his retirement decision.
Kelce has since said that moments after a bitter loss was no time to make a decision of that magnitude. Either way his decision-making process goes, the Schefter report kicked off a flurry of remembrances and Jason Kelce Google searches to relive his big moments in Philly, from his arrival in 2011 to his (alleged) retirement in 2024.
Fanatics is a great place to start for Kelce merchandise with an offer going with FREE next day delivery and a great selection of gear, highlighted by his ever-popular jersey hoodie, available in both men’s and women’s for $89.99.
Just like the man himself, the sweatshirt is a terrific design, with just a little weathering to it.
Philadelphia Eagles' Jason Kelce retires after 13 seasons. Fans can shop for his jersey and more online at Fanatics (photo courtesy of Fanatics)Fanatics
Other must-see items on Fanatics include:
The Jason Kelce Philadelphia Eagles Homage Caricature Player Tri-Blend T-Shirt in Heathered Kelly Green available on Fanatics.Fanatics photo
Jason Kelce Philadelphia Eagles Homage Caricature Player Tri-Blend T-Shirt - Heathered Kelly Green - $37.99
Jason Kelce Philadelphia Eagles Homage NFL Blitz Player Tri-Blend T-Shirt - Heathered Charcoal - $37.99
Several variations of his official jersey ($129.99): Alternate (Kelly Green) | Midnight Green
Jason Kelce NFLPA ISlide x BreakingT Legend Slide Sandals - Gray - $49.99
Philadelphia Eagles' Jason Kelce retires after 13 seasons. Fans can shop for his jersey and more online at Fanatics (photo courtesy of Fanatics)Fanatics
Jason Kelce Philadelphia Eagles Fanatics Branded Women’s Team Wordmark Player Name & Number Long Sleeve V-Neck T-Shirt - Black - $44.99
Kelce is a legend in Philadelphia because he embodied so much of what that fanbase wants in a player, beginning with world-class effort, personality and generosity in the community. He played 13 seasons in Philadelphia and didn’t miss a game for the final decade of that stretch, ranking ninth among active players at the time of his retirement with 193 games played.
It was only recently with the rise in fame of younger brother Travis Kelce, the arrival of Taylor Swift in their lives, and the explosion in popularity of the Kelces’ “New Heights” podcast that Jason Kelce earned the recognition he deserved outside of Philly.
Even with his retirement plans hanging in the balance, perhaps through free agency in the spring, now’s as good a time as any to find some Jason Kelce keepsakes to always remember his chapter in Eagles franchise history. In addition to the Fanatics gear, eBay has all kinds of unique Kelce offerings in the memorabilia, sports cards and autographs arenas.
Check out four highlights from a quick Jason Kelce search:
2009 Jason & Travis Kelce College Rookie Card Cincinnati Bearcats Football - $9.99
As the many looks of Jason Kelce come into focus looking at old photos, one thing becomes clear: he really had no idea what to do with his facial hair until he met his wife, Kylie.
2011 Jason Kelce Future Stars NFL Rookie Card Philadelphia Eagles #62 - $10.50
Nothing fancy about the card design, but that Kelce look does scream, “I am going to be a future star.”
2017 Donruss Elite #6 Green Family Ties Jason Kelce RC & Travis Kelce  - $191.29
This is an official Donruss design to always remember that Kelce vs. Kelce Super Bowl, and how pure it was in a pre-Taylor Swift and pre-”New Heights” podcast world.
Jason Kelce Signed 16x20 Eagles SB Speech Photo Hungry Dogs Run Faster! Insc JSA - $229
This was the first documented “Jason Kelce is amazing” moment for many. His Super Bowl Parade speech and his outfit will always be the stuff of legends in Philly. This item features Kelce’s full speech, is signed with the caption “Hungry Dogs Run Faster,” and comes with a certification.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices