We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
It’s a different city, every time – but the views, vintage shopping, and vats of cold brew stay true
With each new season, vibe or life phase you come to New York City with, you can have a vastly different – but always memorable – experience. It’s a chameleon of a city that represents a spectrum of cultures, cuisines, and style sensibilities across endless museums and galleries, dive bars and neighbourhood restaurants, sidewalks for the best people watching, $1 slices and hulking morning bagels. It’s a place where spontaneity is rewarded and the energy you give it will always be matched – but you have to walk fast, or get out of the way! 
CitizenM, a boutique hotel with locations all over the US and Europe, finds a way of cocooning you in the heart of every major city you want to visit. They have two NYC locations – Times Square and The Bowery. Sitting on the Lower East Side, the Bowery location is housed in one of the tallest buildings in the city with 20 floors, and on one of the oldest streets in NYC. Right bang between Chinatown and Little Italy, and with Greenwich Village close by too, there’s plenty of bars, cheap eats and the Brooklyn Bridge near if you want to do coffee + stomping. The Times Square spot is in primetime Midtown Manhattan, bringing you Broadway, 5th Avenue, and Central Park, with eight subway lines within minimal walking distance too.
What’s great about CitizenM is its stylish communal spaces; there’s the lobby with cushy sitting areas, where you can sit with a barista made coffee and scheme what you’ll be up to that day. There’s quiet workspaces too, with Macs and superfast WiFi for working guests. The best bit though, is its CloudM rooftop bar, offering XXL views of the city skyline. And when you’ve walked 20K steps and finally felt the cold brew coffee buzz fizzle out, the rooms are compact and cosy; big king-size beds, mood lighting and a smart TV, wall-to-wall window, a no-messing-about power shower, and most importantly for the city that never sleeps – blackout blinds and soundproofing. The breakfast buffet is pretty solid too for those in a rush to get out and explore. It’s a great option for young people, couples, and quick business trips. 
Rates at CitizenM's New York locations start at $220.37 a night at The Bowery, and $231.85 a night at Times Square. Committing to its mycitizenM+ programme for £9 a month gets you 15% off any stay, a guaranteed room and free late checkout.
I was there on a work trip – to see and experience the launch of the latest Google Pixel 8 phone, and to profile our then-cover star, Julia Fox, in her home city. I had a lot of free time to explore and make the most of it. So my advice is to walk, and walk, and walk. Get a crick in your neck from looking skyward, and cross the Brooklyn Bridge on foot back and forth to your heart’s content. 
Sign up to a walking and photography tour with a knowledgeable local guide, who will point out hidden gems, architecture, facades and fire escapes that are unique to NYC. We wandered around Soho and the West Village and I snapped away on my Google Pixel 8 phone, to show the gorge golden hour light in the area. I also used some of the nifty Magic Eraser feature to nix trash bags or other ogling tourists.
You just can’t beat getting up early and walking around Central Park on a Saturday morning either, and sitting in Elizabeth Street Garden with a book is delightful, and Domino Park and Transmitter Park on the east river are perfect places for watching the world go by and the chess players work hard.
New York is a city that celebrates art and culture. I caught Henry Taylor: B Side by the Los Angeles painter at the Whitney. The museum leads out toward the High Line walk too, which offers panoramic views of the city. Of course, you have to get yourself to the steps of the Met a la Gossip Girl, and venture inside to view its rotating collections. The Women Dressing Women exhibit explores the legacy of female fashion designers from The Met's permanent collection, from Elsa Schiaparelli to Simone Rocha.
Elsewhere, Tramps is a glass-walled gallery on the Lower East Side with a programme that focuses on the crossroads of art and music. David Zwirner is a brilliant contemporary art gallery with several outposts in NY (West Village, Chelsea, the Meatpacking District) that celebrates American art from Diane Arbus to Alice Neel – I visited its beautiful Chelsea location.
I was there for the New York City Ballet 2024 Fall Gala opening – and it was so glam! Sarah Jessica-Parker – Carrie Bradshaw – was there! How New York, New York! Even the cheapest of seats will get you some opulent people watching (keep your eyes on the VIP box seats). 2024 is its 75th anniversary year, and celebrates integral in-house choreographers and beloved ballets from Jerome Robbins, Peter Martins, and Christopher Wheeldon, as well as world premieres from Tiler Peck and Alexei Ratmansky across the year. It feels like a magical city experience and tickets are sub-$100.
While running in Central Park is lovely and a great way to explore, try out the city’s various fitness studios. Whether it's Solidcore – which Sydney Sweeney is a fan of (I was totally humbled by the experience) or Soulcycle, where you can spin sweatily to a Taylor Swift megamix special.
My first stop off was Funny Pretty Nice, which is run by Natalia Spotts. Olivia Rodrigo had been photographed outside one of the stores the da, and her aesthetic definitely influenced how I shopped that day in Funny Pretty Nice – I picked up a 90s high-neck, pink and black striped sleeveless top, and a green and brown, bow-belted, plaid knee-length skirt. 
Other vintage shops and thrift stories I’d recommend: Lara Koleji, Chickees Vintage, Stella Dallas, and L Train, plus Dobbin’s St Co-Op for the interiors envy. If you’re up for digging, any of the Beacon’s Closet locations are worth a punt - but those around Brooklyn and close to the colleges are particularly good for gems and denim. Don’t discount people around LES and Brooklyn selling their wares from street rails too.
The thrill of vintage shopping is the luck and challenge of it all, to find those special pieces that fit like a dream and will live long new lives in your wardrobe. While digging, use the Google Pixel 8’s Google Lens to photograph pieces I liked but that didn’t quite fit, or I needed full outfit inspo for, to then plunder the internet for similar items with the ‘search what you see’ function. The multisearch function also helps with finding out more about a piece in front of me – like where an item of clothing might have been sourced from, the pattern and shape, or its label origins for example. It makes me a bit more mindful and intentional when I shop too – which is important when there’s a strict luggage allowance.
Made a pilgrimage to the concept store Cafe Forgot for independent designers, and Coming Soon for its unique homeware, as well as the boutiques of quintessentially New York designers Sandy Liang and Maryam Nassir Zadeh. 
If you’re after some books, the storied Strand Bookstore is good to wander (and if you don’t pick up a book from the discount carts outside, nab a tote) as well as radical queer-owned bookstore and cafe Bluestockings and Bookmarc, by Marc Jacobs, for its art books and selection of magazines.
Fancy a farmer’s market? Tompkins Square has a farmer’s market that is open all year round and a focal point for a lovely slow Sunday. Over on the Upper West Side you'll find the all year round Grand Bazaar, which is one of the city's oldest and largest marketplaces running on a Sunday – antiques and vintage abound, as well as global food options. Ludlow Flea is a newer outdoor market and a good place to find preloved clothing and small designers from the Lower East Side.
A martini at the Carlyle Hotel – where some of the more infamous Met Gala afterparties go down – is a must. It’s like travelling back in time, and guarantees you’ll feel chic and conspiratorial. 
Ten Bells is a cosy natural wine bar in LES that does $1.50 oysters, meats and cheeses too, with Skin Contact, Le Dive (follow up the ricotta and honey with one of the city’s best Negronis), Clandestino and Attaboy providing similar vibes.
Ready to dance? Head to Bushwick’s Bossa Nova Civic Club where the 140-capacity bar and club's local techno and house heads rise to meet the rumbling subway overpass overhead. 
The programme is always vibrant, diverse, and inclusive, with residents who'll always show you a good time. Nowadays is an institution with a weekly 24-hour party, an incredible sound system and a propulsive programme of house, techno, and various sub genres – it’s particularly fab in the summer, when the outdoor party is joyful.
Be careful not to KO yourself on the monster bagels of NYC that could mean you’ve no room left for the rest of the city’s food scene – but at the same time, you have to go for it with the bagels. Popup Bagels in west Manhattan has only grown in hype – the bagels are sold fresh and hot, smaller than the usual city cohort, airy and crisp. It won the people’s choice award at the Brooklyn BagelFest in 2023. Be warned, pre order! And pick up a selection of schmears to rip up the fresh bagels and scoop them onto. Try the classic everything bagel and a salt bagel, as well as the scallion cream cheese and trout roe, and pink peppercorn and honey cream cheese schmears respectively. Tompkins Square Bagels is a much-loved spot, where I tried 'The Weezer' – bacon, chorizo, egg, cheddar, and cream cheese – divine. If you're feeling fish, go for Russ & Daughters and its hot-smoke cold-smoke salmon combo on a dense, delightful little bagel – this institution, with its translucent, silk-fine cut fish, has been going since 1914. H&H Bagels on the Upper East Side, with its classic style, XXL cream cheese ratio-ed bagels, is referenced in both SATC and Seinfeld. Go to Harlem for Bo's Bagels, with its impressive, adventurous spreads and specialty bagels. Try the pumpernickel cranberry bagel, and the special Bowser bagel dog with house made chili.
Now let’s get into some more substantial meals. Balthazar, run by Instagram-fave and championing old school character Keith McNally, could fill you on vibes alone. I ate here solo late one Friday evening and was treated so well – with a free glass of champagne. Another brilliant place for people (and celeb) watching while you eat a steak and a heap of crispy, golden fries. Write a particularly poignant thank you on your receipt and Keith might post on grid. 
Lucien is a classic French bistro in the East Village, beloved by Cosmo cover star Julia Fox – don’t skip the tarte tatin with cinnamon ice-cream.
 Raoul’s is a Soho, French-American bistro that’s been around since 1975, famed for its French cheeseburger. it has a chic little luncheonette, Revelie's, right opposite too. 
For classic burgers, fries and a Cosmopolitan go to the laid-back, melon-themed decor pub J.G Melon.
Cervo's, on Canal Street, takes inspiration from the Iberican with decadent, rich food – lots of octopus in pools of thick aioli, piles of sumptuous shrimp heads and zippy, lemony steamed clams. Keep the bread coming to mop up the piri piri sauce the hulking smoked chicken bathes in. 
Thai Diner is a kitschy spot with fragrant and fun Thai food that makes any wait time worth it, while Fish Cheeks is great for groups with generous Thai seafood served family style and Catch does incredible sushi with XXL views. The soup dumplings from Joe’s Shanghai are the real deal, and the peanut noodles at no-frills Shu Jiao Fu Zhou are a recurrent fixation of mine, as well as Birria-Landia, the taco truck on East Houston – don’t miss the joys of NYC street food! 
In need of a late night fix – the spaghetti al limone from Lil Frankie’s. If your head is a bit fuzzy, the hangover wrap from Little Canal will set you up rightly again, and Dimes is a sweet place for a light brunch and good coffee, with seasonal, crunchy salads and breakfast tacos. 
In particular: the square pizza pepperoni slice from Prince Street Pizza, the Nona Marie from Bleecker Street Pizza, and any slice featuring hot honey from Scarr’s. 
I’m sorry to say the bulky, beautiful Levain Bakery chocolate chip walnut cookie is another item worth the hype. Magnolia Bakery’s banana pudding, too (though I had the seasonal pumpkin spice, sorry!)
Morgenstern’s Finest Ice-Cream was a revelation on a late-night walk home, and I made multiple visits – top flavours were butter pecan, peaches n' cornbread, salted egg yolk chili crisp (trust me), and raspberry black sesame. L&B Spumoni Gardens is an Italian counter serving Sicilian square pizza and ice cream that's been open since 1939, and where I had a divine interaction with a creamsicle.
Let’s get into coffee too, while we’re here. Abraço in the East village turns out the most perfect espresso (and olive cookies). Buunni has a few locations, and specialises in Ethiopian coffee. Win Son Bakery in East Williamsburg is a great grab and go spot (if not crazy busy) to pick up a xiao gai gai (like a spiced cortado) which you can pair with a red date cake. The Lot Radio's coffee kiosk is perfect to hit up in the warmer months, where you can hang out on the benches outside with a cold brew and catch some live radio shows. Commune's coffee cart in Clinton Hill does the business too and is my favourite iced latte. 
Anna Cafolla is Cosmopolitan UK’s acting site director – managing the day-to-day running of the website, as well as overseeing video, e-commerce and social for the brand. Anna has a background in culture, fashion, and social affairs journalism – profiling Saffron Hocking, Robyn, Shygirl, and Naomi Osaka; investigating fashion archives, the Irish abortion rights movement, Generation Alpha's developing tastes, women's shelter closures and social media conspiracies in turn. Find Anna on Instagram.
24 of the best outdoor dining spots in London 
Your must-see, do and stay guide to Antananarivo
The perfect trip to Paris: here's our handy guide
Looking to book a solo trip this year? 
The best things to do in London this April 
Our favourite Sunday roasts in London 
The very best hen party houses in the UK
Most unusual, unique and quirky Airbnbs in the UK
How to get tickets to Lapland UK 
What to do in The Palm Beaches, Florida
Our guide to The Yukon and beyond
42 cool things to do in London 
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.