It’s a pooch palace. 
Patrick and Brittany Mahomes’ sprawling Kansas City mega-mansion has a shower just for their dogs. 
The NFL wife showcased the inside of the washroom, featuring black tiled flooring and porcelain white shower walls as she played with her 1-year-old son Bronze in a clip posted to her Instagram Story Friday.
The video showed Brittany sitting on the dogs’ bathroom floor as her son tossed plastic balls from inside the shower.
“We’ve been in this little space for 20 minutes and he’s just entertaining himself with the toys in the dog shower,” she said. 
Meanwhile, the couple’s pups Steel and Silver were nowhere in sight. 
Brittany, 28, and Patrick’s grooming room for their dogs may have been a part of their elaborate building plans when they snatched up the $400,000 eight-acre lot in 2020.
The Kansas City Cheifs star, 28, embarked on building the mansion shortly after he signed a 10-year, $450 million contract with the NFL team that same year.
“I actually decided to get the land, to get ready to build that right, when I signed my contract here in Kansas City,” he explained on Netflix’s docuseries “Quarterback.” “I signed a 10-year extension … because I knew I wanted to be here.”
“So right when I did that, I was like, ‘I’m gonna be here I might as well build the exact house I want.”
For more Page Six you love…
The palatial estate, featuring a movie theater, an indoor basketball court and an extensive home gym was finished being built in February 2023.
Outside the home, the couple also included a resort-style pool, hot tub, mini golf course, pond and a 50-yard football field.
“Finally, we are gonna have a home that we built and has everything we could have ever dreamed of having,” Brittany said in the Netflix series. 
The home appears to be the duo’s main dwelling space as Patrick takes the field for the ongoing football season alongside Taylor Swift’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce. 
Patrick and Brittany also own a $3.37 million four-bedroom mansion in Texas that they purchased in March 2020.
Advertisement