by 
	Kristyn Burtt


	It’s a battle of the exes during awards show season! Jo Koy was up first with his hosting gig at the Golden Globes in early January, but it’s Chelsea Handler who got the last laugh at the Critics Choice Awards on Sunday. There’s one particular joke that fans are focusing on because it might have given some insight into how the former late-night talk show host feels about her ex-boyfriend. 

	










	Handler set the tone for the night with her opening monologue, finding a way to make fun of Hollywood celebrities without them being offended (like Koy’s Taylor Swift joke). While taking a dig at herself for loving age-gap relationships — she likes older men — the audience laughed at her joke about wanting to “toss around” Martin Scorsese if he had attended the show. A little edgy, but Handler wasn’t taking herself too seriously in the moment, and with the celebs joining in on the fun she quipped, “Thank you for laughing at that. My writers wrote it.” Oof — the Koy joke landed. 













	Related story



	
	
		
					Kaley Cuoco Credits Her Glowy Golden Globes Red Carpet Look to This $32 Moisturizer		
	










	The 52-year-old stand-up comedian was roundly blasted for blaming his writers when the room at the Beverly Hilton turned against him and he started bombing. “Yo, I got the gig 10 days ago. You want a perfect monologue? Shut up! You’re kidding me, right?” he said rather defensively at one point in the show. “I wrote some of these, and they’re the ones you’re laughing at.” No one said hosting an awards show was easy, it’s a relatively thankless job. While Koy made the press rounds the day after the Golden Globes to save face, he’s gone on to use his less-than-stellar experience for his stand-up act. 



	Koy noted that the Golden Globes audience was made up of “marshmallow” stars who couldn’t handle his style of comedy. “I just come from a different time,” he said in his first comedy show after the awards show, per Variety. “I see the changes that are happening. I get it, but goddamn, can we f**king laugh at ourselves?” He hasn’t reacted yet to Handler’s Critics Choice gig, but hopefully, he can also take a joke after her pretty successful night at hosting.

	The former couple dated from September 2021 until June 2022, and it seems they had a relatively peaceful breakup. Handler was proud of how they handled the split, patting herself on the back on the We Can Do Hard Things With Glenn Doyle podcast just weeks after they went their separate ways. “I love him, and he’s on his own path. If I have to choose one person, I have to choose myself,” she explained. “No one cheated or anything like that. It just didn’t work out. I did everything I could to make it work, but it didn’t work out. I wanted to make sure that everybody knew that this is a different me. This is the first time that I’ve ended a relationship where I’ve felt like an adult.”


Before you go, click here to see celebrity exes who will always be friends.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.