A source previously spoke about how the couple was entering a challenging period amid long distance and work commitments.
Taylor Swift is about to begin her Eras Tour again, starting shows in Tokyo on February 7. Travis Kelce is currently in the playoffs with the Kansas City Chiefs for their NFL season. Their relationship will be entering a “very challenging” period, sources told TMZ over the weekend, as they will be very long distance. Swift and Kelce, a source told Us Weekly today, are determined to weather it out together.
“Taylor and Travis make a concerted effort to keep their connection alive and thriving,” the source said, adding that Swift is “calling a lot of the shots” in their relationship.
That source claimed that Swift was “heavily involved” in Kelce’s decision-making when he bought a new house in October.
“She played a big part in house-hunting and interior design,” the source alleged. “Now she is helping him put it all together.”
The update came after multiple sources shut down talk that Swift and Kelce are planning to get engaged this summer. The couple has been dating for six months.
There’s “absolutely no engagement in the works,” the outlet wrote per its insiders, stressing Kelce “ain’t getting on bended knee anytime soon.” TMZ added that some people in their circles aren’t even sure their relationship will “go the distance” and believe Swift and Kelce are still in their honeymoon phase. They believe “it’s just too early to tell if they’ll ever advance past the dating stage,” the outlet wrote. 
A source also shut down engagement rumors to The Messenger last week: “There are still no plans for an engagement,” the source said on January 11. “It’s still new and they’re happy and still getting to know each other.”
Swift told Time magazine in December that she secretly began dating Kelce in July, shortly after he spoke on his podcast about his failed attempt to give her a friendship bracelet with his phone number on it at her Kansas City Eras Tour concert.
“This all started when Travis very adorably put me on blast on his podcast, which I thought was metal as hell,” she said. “We started hanging out right after that. So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other. By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.”
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.