Filed under:
We have once again arrived at Wednesday.
If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
On the team site, Anne Rogers talked to Daniel Lynch IV about what he got out of playing the Dominican Winter League:
Lynch made five starts and threw 20 1/3 innings, recording a 2.66 ERA with 23 strikeouts and 13 walks. There wasn’t any specific plan for working on his pitches; his goal was simply to get outs. A different schedule and lack of routine put him out of his comfort zone, which was another learning experience.
“I don’t really do a good job sometimes of letting go and just going out there to pitch,” Lynch said. “A lot of the time, I’m constantly working on something rather than settling down into, ‘This is who I am, and this is what I’ve got, and I’m going to go out there and get guys out.’ That was the attitude I took.
“And I think I accomplished that. It’s great to work on stuff, but at the end of the day, when you’re out there, it’s about getting guys out. Making that the top priority and not always chasing the better thing or better metric. Because that’s like, a subtle dig at yourself, saying you’re not good enough. When you take the attitude of, ‘I am good enough, this is who I am, go out there and pitch,’ it makes it easier.”
There was also a cute anecdote about Franmil Reyes cooking dinner for Lynch and some other American players. 
At Into the Fountains, Craig Brown checks out Kansas City’s newest international signees in contrast with the long string of misses:
There have been a lot of failures in recent years for the Royals in acquiring young talent. The draft immediately springs to mind, but they have suffered on the international market as well, whiffing with an alarming frequency. If you were to make a list of the best Royals’ international signings, it would be a short one. The 2006 signing period was the apex with Salvador Perez out of Venezuela and Kelvin Herrera from the Dominican. Yordano Ventura followed two years later out of the DR. Under the what-could’ve-been category was Adalberto Mondesi from the Dominican in 2011. Beyond those names? Slim pickings.
When you realize that three of those four played a major role in the Royals’ resurgence in 2014 and 2015, it’s easy to understand the importance of the international signing period. That Mondesi is a high-profile miss post-2015 underscores the high stakes on the international market. International free agents signed by the Royals who played for the club in 2023 were guys such as Freddy Fermin, Carlos Hernández, Ángel Zerpa and Maikel Garcia, all from out of Venezuela. Solid players, all. But lacking in similar impact that Perez, Herrera and Ventura brought.
At Farm to Fountains: a spotlight on RHP Kyle Wright, by Jared Perkins, and a prospect profile of outfielder John Rave, by Preston Farr. (Weekly nudge to join the Farm to Fountains Discord!)
The Nationals hired Sean Doolittle as a pitching strategist. 
Why are there no African American catchers in the Majors?
Emily Curiel of the Kansas City Star told the story behind her photo of Patrick Mahomes’s helmet shattering.
[Content note: sexual assault] Knicks and Rangers owner James Dolan has been accused of sexual assault as well as facilitating an assault by Harvey Weinstein. 
Two Ask a Manager letters: this deeply relatable letter writer takes too long to respond to people and then gets too anxious to circle back (I didn’t write this letter, but I may as well have), and a roundup of wild overreactions to mundane office happenings. 
Awwww man, now I have to cancel the elaborate watch party I had planned: ABC canceled tomorrow’s planned GOP presidential candidates’ debate.
Ubisoft wants consumers to ‘get comfortable’ not owning games even after they pay money for games. 
In pursuit of the best cinnamon roll filling. Today’s OT question: have you ever made cinnamon rolls or any other baked goods from scratch? What’s your favorite thing to make?
SOTD: the live version of Taylor Swift - Cruel Summer. The crowd noise makes me very happy.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.