The 2024 award season will officially kick off on Sunday with the 81st Golden Globes.
The ceremony, which honors American movies and TV shows, will be broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles, California, starting at 8 p.m. EST on CBS, immediately after an NFL doubleheader.
Barbenheimer will be in full effect as 2023’s top movies “Barbie” and “Oppenheimer” lead the list of nominees. 
“What Was I Made For?” by Billie Eilish and “I’m Just Ken” from “Barbie” are also up for Best Original Song, dominating that category as well. 
A-list presenters will include Will Ferrell, Matt Damon, Dua Lipa and Angela Bassett, to name a few. 
Host Jo Koy, the second-ever Asian Globes host, hopes to leave a positive impact on the ceremony as he told AP News earlier this week that emceeing the gig is fulfilling a lifelong dream. 
“As a kid and watching TV and not having that many role models to kind of indirectly inspire me, that’s what this means to me,” he told the outlet.
Here’s what to expect from the Golden Globes 2024.
The Golden Globes 2024 will be broadcast live from Los Angeles on Sunday, Jan. 7, starting at 8 p.m. EST.
The show will air live on CBS at 8 p.m. EST and stream on Paramount+ and the CBS app. It’s slated to go for three hours. 
Comedian Koy, 52, will host the Golden Globes 2024. This will be his first time doing so. He is known for multiple stand-up specials on Comedy Central and Netflix. 
“I’ve stepped onto a lot of stages around the world in my career, but this one is going to be extra special. I’m so excited to be hosting the Golden Globes this year,” the “Easter Sunday” star said in a statement. “This is that moment where I get to make my Filipino family proud. Mahal Kita (Google it)!”
Greta Gerwig’s “Barbie” leads the pack with a staggering nine nominations. This includes its stars, Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling. 
“Oppenheimer” trails right behind its rival movie with eight nods, including honors for actors Cillian Murphy, Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Blunt.
Taylor Swift is also nominated for “The Eras Tour” movie, which grossed more than $250 million at the global box office. While Page Six reports Swift is likely to attend the ceremony, her boyfriend Travis Kelce will not be there as the Kansas City Chiefs will take on the LA Chargers hours before the show. 
Check out the full list of nominees here. 
Presenters for the Golden Globes 2024 include Andra Day, Annette Bening, Ben Affleck, Don Cheadle, Dua Lipa, Elizabeth Banks, Gabriel “Fluffy” Iglesias, Hunter Schafer, Jared Leto, Jodie Foster, Jon Batiste, Jonathan Bailey, Kate Beckinsale, Keri Russell, Kevin Costner, Mark Hamill, Matt Damon, Naomi Watts, Orlando Bloom, Ray Romano, Rose McIver, and Utkarsh Ambudkar.
Amanda Seyfried, Angela Bassett, Gabriel Macht, George Lopez, Julia Garner, Justin Hartley, Michelle Yeoh, Patrick J. Adams and Will Ferrell will all have the honor of presenting awards as well.
The Globes have added two new categories — Cinematic and Box Office Achievement and Best Stand-Up Comedian on Television.
This will also be the first year that the show airs on CBS after NBC cut ties with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, claiming the organization needed “meaningful reform” due to its lack of diversity.
The Globes are now under the ownership of Dick Clark Productions.
Advertisement