Right now hottie, model, commedian and all around wonderful lady CharMac inspires our peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . . 
Located in the heart of the Pendleton Heights neighborhood, PH Coffee has been fostering community efforts and local events for nearly half a decade. To...
The two national parties seem set on a rematch of President Joe Biden vs. ex-President Donald Trump. Voters may see it otherwise.
Under the law passed last session, Missouri counties can decide whether to enact a property tax freeze for seniors. Jackson County has already taken advantage of the law. Now, lawmakers are trying to clarify it.
Karen Daniels also said her family was told a mower ran over her father's gravestone and cracked a nameplate.
The NFL star purchased the pricey pad in October in an effort to give him and girlfriend Taylor Swift a bit more privacy amid their headline-making romance.
"Laugh-Tastic with Charlotte McKinney" is now streaming on Always Funny's 24/7 channel, available on Amazon FreeVee, Pluto, and Roku. For more content from Charlotte, you can follow her on Instagram @CharlotteMcKinney.
All GOP presidential candidates were leading President Biden in a new poll released just before the Iowa Caucus, with former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley having the widest margin at eight percentage points.
Sen. Ted Cruz threw his support behind Donald Trump in an interview on "Hannity" following the former president's landslide victory in the Iowa caucuses on Monday.
A top NATO military officer says the war in Ukraine could "determine the fate of the world." NATO Military Committee Chair Admiral Rob Bauer says Western armies and political leaders must drastically change the way they help Kyiv fend off invading Russian forces.
A shipment of medicine for dozens of hostages held by Hamas is en route to Gaza
Asian stocks stumbled and the dollar was near a one-month high on Wednesday as hawkish rhetoric from central bankers beat back bets of early interest rate cuts, while geopolitical worries kept risk sentiment in check.
Lil Nas X's fans have a lot of thoughts about his apology video. Fans are divided by the apology video.
KC Star visual journalist Emily Curiel braved extreme cold at the AFC Wild Card game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Miami Dolphins to capture the moment when Patrick Mahomes' helmet cracked on contact with a Miami defender.
New First Warns have been added to the forecast for Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Sevendust - Everything is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management