No surprises here.
Source: Stuart Mostyn / Getty
Dame Dash might have just cracked the code on Kanye West’s unique fashion sense, He says Yeezy is on a troll assignment.
HipHopDX is reporting that the serial entrepreneur was the latest guest on Willie D’s podcast. The Harlem, New York native discussed a variety of topics ranging from Lyor Cohen to his newest business ventures. When asked about his former recording artist he reasoned that Kanye’s behavior in recent years should not be a surprise to anyone who is familiar with the MC’s history.
“He’s a person that pulls triggers,” Dame Dash explained. “Look at his career. [He said] ‘George Bush doesn’t like Black people,’ ran up on Taylor Swift. It’s one publicity stunt after another. That’s his model is triggering you. Just like Trump – every time Trump says something racist and we hate it, somebody loves it. He’s not talking for us. He’s talking for the ones that love it, Trump. So it’s the same thing.”
Dame went on further urge every one not to blink when it comes to Kanye’s at times bizarre modus operandi. “That’s why I don’t pay him no mind. He’s a troll. He got everybody dressing like a crackhead, bro. He’s doing this sh*t on purpose” he said. “I know what you’re doing, you’re trolling. He walk around barefoot, he’s trolling. ‘Watch this I can get dudes to wear tights and barefoot!’ I’m not saying we had that convo. When I see it I’m like, ‘Yo, he bugging,’ but I know he’s playing. You know? He wants you to get at him. Why would he do the things he does if he doesn’t want the reaction?”
You can watch the Dame Dash Willie D Live interview below.


Dame Dash Says Kanye West Dresses Like A “Crackhead” To Troll 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Birthday Bash								

									Listen Live								

									Meet the Girl Allegedly Co-Starring with Shannon Sharpe in Viral Video								

									GloRilla & Friends Lead 1st Wave Of Birthday Bash 2025 Performers								

									Birthday Bash ATL 2025: Submit For Media Credentials								

									BIRTHDAY BASH ATL Returns June 21 at State Farm Arena								

									23 Atlanta Slang Words And Phrases That Drive The Culture								

									1-800-TRUCKWRECK's "A Grand In Your Hand!"								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.