Taylor Swift performs at the Monumental stadium during her Eras Tour concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2023.AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko
At this point in her career, Taylor Swift will only come to Central New York in your wildest dreams. Her “The Eras Tour” grossed $1.04 billion in 2023, selling out stadiums and leading to a box office-boosting concert film.
But that doesn’t mean local Swifties can’t still gather and sing along to “Love Story,” “All Too Well,” “Bad Blood,” “Anti-Hero,” “Blank Space,” “Lover,” “I Knew You Were Trouble” and “Shake It Off” at the top of their lungs.
Ready for it?
Cruel Summer, a live band paying tribute to Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour,” will perform at the Middle Ages Brewing Company in Syracuse on Friday, Feb. 2. The all-ages concert begins at 8 p.m.
Tickets are on sale for $20 through TicketWeb. Additional fees may apply.
What should you expect? Cruel Summer - A Live Band Tribute to Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour is described as a family-friendly show led by singer Alyssa Coco. A recent setlist featured songs from multiple eras in Swift’s career, including “You Belong with Me,” “Mine,” “Delicate,” “22,” “Cardigan,” “Is It Over Now,” “Lavendar Haze,” “Karma” and “’Tis the Damn Season.”
* * * * *
Excited? You need to calm down, because there are more upcoming options for Swift fans to enjoy.
“TayTay Dance Party,” featuring 2 hours of non-stop Taylor music by DJ Swiftie, will fill the Westcott Theater in Syracuse on Saturday, March 2. The all-ages show begins at 8 p.m.
Tickets for the TayTay Dance Party start at $30 through showclix.com. Additional fees may apply.
“The Taylor Party,” the original touring Taylor Swift-inspired dance party, will take over The Song & Dance in Syracuse on Saturday, March 30, at 8 p.m. The 18-plus show invites Swifties to dress up in their favorite “Eras” outfit and dance in style to their favorite Tay-Tay songs.
Tickets for The Taylor Party are $20 (plus fees) through TicketWeb. Early bird tickets are already sold out.
“Shake Off Diaper Need,” a Taylor Swift-themed dance party hosted by the Central New York Diaper Bank, will take place Saturday, Feb. 3, from 2-4 p.m. at Pine Grove Middle School in East Syracuse. The fundraiser will feature themed raffle prizes and dancing to benefit low-income families facing diaper insecurity; admission is $20 via Eventbrite.
If you want to stretch further out in Upstate New York, Let’s Sing Taylor: A Live Band Experience will perform Friday, Feb. 2 at Troy Saving Bank Hall in Troy, N.Y., and Friday, March 22, at Daryl’s House in Pawling, N.Y. For more info, visit letssingtaylor.com.
* * * * *
Of course, you can also enjoy the real deal. The 1, the only, Miss Taylor Alison Swift herself.
“Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Extended Version)” is currently available to rent on demand via streaming services like Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV, YouTube TV and Google Play. The 3-hour long version of the concert film features three additional songs, including “Long Live,” “The Archer” and “Wildest Dreams.”
And Swift will resume her Eras Tour in 2024, beginning next month in Japan. Her upcoming tour dates include six shows Nov. 14-23 in Toronto, which is only about a 4-hour drive from Syracuse (though tickets are ridiculously expensive).
Upstate NY drive-in becomes ‘world’s most viewed’ thanks to Taylor Swift
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices