"It's one publicity stunt after another," the entrepreneur said.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Kanye West‘s antics have hurt many people and caused them to turn their backs on him. Dame Dash believes that he sees through the behavior and how it is intended to trigger people. 

	“[Kanye]’s a person that pulls triggers,” the Roc-A-Fella co-founder said during a Monday (Jan. 15) interview on Willie D Live. “Look at his career. ‘George Bush doesn’t like Black people’, ran up on Taylor Swift. It’s one publicity stunt after another. That’s his model is triggering you. Just like Trump, everytime Trump says something racist and we hate it, somebody loves it. He’s not talking for us. He’s talking for the ones that love it, Trump.”

	










	Dash shifted his comments toward Ye’s unorthodox fashion choices and the clothes he has made. “He’s a troll. He got everybody dressing like a crackhead, bro,” Dash said. “He’s doing this s**t on purpose. I know what you’re doing, you’re trolling. You walk around barefoot, he’s trolling. ‘Watch this I can get dudes to wear tights and barefoot’. […] When I see it I’m like, ‘Yo, he bugging but he’s playing.’ You know? He wants you to get at him. Why would he do the things he does if he doesn’t want the reaction?” Check out the full interview below.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Damon Dash Could Go To Prison If He Doesn't Comply With Court Orders, Warns Judge		
			







	Kanye West’s antics have been a hot topic over the last few months after yet another anti-semitic rant. In December, he was caught on camera in Las Vegas discussing Jewish people, Drake, and a myriad of other topics. The uproar caused him to offer an apology to the Jewish community via Instagram.

	“I sincerely apologize to the Jewish community for my unplanned outburst caused by my words or actions, it was not my intention to hurt or disrespect, and I deeply regret any pain I may have caused,” he wrote in Hebrew.

TMZ reported earlier this week that he plans to put out a 40-minute apology video ahead of his forthcoming joint album with Ty Dolla $ign, Vultures. Vultures was originally supposed to drop in December and has now been delayed to Feb. 9. 
BREAKING: Kanye West posts apology to the "Jewish Community" entirely in Hebrew on Instagram pic.twitter.com/NxhkvAaoCF
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.