ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY - SEPTEMBER 12: Nicki Minaj performs onstage during the 2023 MTV Video Music ... More Awards at Prudential Center on September 12, 2023 in Newark, New Jersey. (Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV)
Throughout her many years as one of the top stars in the hip-hop world, Nicki Minaj has scored countless hit singles. She continues to dominate the charts almost every time she gives her fans something new to consume, and they always show up to support her. This week, the superstar sees her latest single rise to No. 1 on a handful of rankings, earning a trio of new chart-toppers in the process.
Minaj’s “FTCU” hits No. 1 on three Billboard charts this week, rising to the summit on all of them for the first time. The single isn’t new, but the rapper recently produced a number of new versions, and fans snapped them all up, making the cut a quick bestseller. In the past tracking period, “FTCU” sold a little more than 8,700 copies in the U.S., according to Luminate.
“FTCU” currently ranks as the top-selling track in America of any kind. The tune shoots to No. 1 on the latest edition of the Digital Song Sales chart–a spot Minaj has come to call her own many times before.
As “FTCU” rises to the highest rung on the Digital Song Sales chart, Minaj earns her seventeenth No. 1. She claims the second-most winners of all time on the purchase-only ranking. Currently, she comes in behind only Taylor Swift, who has snagged 28 leaders on that tally.
Unsurprisingly, “FTCU” also hits No. 1 on two other purchase-only Billboard charts–ones which are more genre-specific. This frame, Minaj rules the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales ranking with her latest focus. The track is one of her 26 career champions.
Over on the Rap Digital Song Sales chart, Minaj is once again in charge. She has reached the pinnacle on that list with 22 different singles, including her latest. On that roster, she actually claims a trio of top 10 hits at the moment, as her other Pink Friday 2 hits “Everybody” with Lil Uzi Vert is a non-mover at No. 5 while “Pink Friday Girls” dips slightly to No. 7.