Taylor Swift has stepped out for a solo outing in New York City, with the hitmaker looking chic while bundled up in a black coat.
The 34-year-old Anti-Hero hitmaker, who was named as TIME Magazine's Person of the Year in 2023, was photographed heading into Greenwich Village’s Electric Lady Studios for a recording session on Thursday night.
Looking super chic and oh-so-warm, Taylor wore a hooded grey cashmere maxi dress with some black tights, a long, black coat, a pair of chunky black shoes, and she completed the look by carrying a cute beige handbag.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez's new boyfriend Benny Blanco escorted off Emmys red carpet in awkward moment
Taylor looked off-duty with her blonde tresses worn down, tousled and framing her face, with the hitmaker sporting a coral-hued lip. She looked cool, calm and collected as she dashed about.
The hitmaker was seen on her own and without her boyfriend Travis Kelce, whom she has been dating since the summer. Taylor and the Kansas City Chiefs hunk struck up a romance after the NFL player attended one of the songstress' concerts in July.
Travis expressed his interest in the hitmaker when he spoke on his podcast about failing to give Taylor a friendship bracelet he had made that had his number on it. The couple then began dating shortly after, with the singer showing up to one of Travis' football games in September, which marked the pair going public.
Taylor's latest recording studio session comes after an insider told Page Six that Taylor and Travis are looking to take their romance to the next level, with them planning to get engaged this summer.
A source recently told the outlet: "Taylor and Travis discussed it and there is a plan. They will get engaged on their one-year anniversary in July."
With it also being claimed: "They don’t want it to seem like it’s rushed insanity."
But despite there being claims that the pair will soon get engaged, a source recently told The Messenger: "There are still no plans for an engagement," adding, "It's still new and they're happy and still getting to know each other."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.