To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
"I couldn't have done it without PK," the RHOBH cast member gushed about her husband's help on her special event. 
After Dorit Kemsley hosted a very memorable dinner party to highlight her work with Homeless Not Toothless on Season 12 of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, she was finally able to put together a gala to support the organization on Season 13, Episode 12. 
Watch The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills on Peacock and Bravo.
During the episode, which aired on January 17, Dorit and Paul "PK" Kemsley were hard at work finalizing the details of the long-awaited special event. "I'm really excited. Last year, there was a COVID surge. We had to basically just say, you know we're gonna postpone the gala until the following year, and so I just had a dinner at home with the girls," Dorit explained, later adding, "For this gala, I'm kind of hoping that there's more attention on the performance and less on the name."
Although Dorit and PK had some initial notes about the event decor, they were incredibly happy when they arrived for the special night. "This is what I'm talking about," Dorit gasped. 
"I'm so proud of how this night has come together," she continued in an interview. "Everything looks incredible, exactly the way I wanted it to look. To be honest, I couldn't have done it without PK."
In addition to the dazzling design of the room, highlights of the night included silent auction items (like a guitar signed by Taylor Swift, artwork, and jewelry, just to name a few), and "exciting special guests" like Paula Abdul, who introduced a performance by Taylor Dayne. 
In April 2023, Dorit wrote a lengthy Instagram caption to rave about the event. "Spent the last few weeks preparing for what turned out to be a beautiful night for [Homeless Not Toothless]," she wrote. "I loved seeing all the amazing people who came out to support and learn more about a cause that is close to my heart."
"Your efforts help change so many lives and make what seems impossible, possible, for so many underserved," she added. "I remain grateful and honored to sit on the board of such an incredible organization doing such great work. I look forward to next year’s Gala and to continue serving those whom we are able to make a difference for."
According to its website, "Homeless Not Toothless is a well-established program with strong, existing partnerships among community-based organizations that serve Veterans, the unhoused, survivors of domestic violence, foster youth, unhoused LGBTQ+ youth, and uninsured elderly. Dr. Grossman & Homeless Not Toothless have over 30 years of experience providing free and quality clinical dental services."
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.