(Photo by Jason Hanna/Getty Images)
Lots of people try to look ahead and see what's in store for the new year and we decided to head to Hollywood and make our celebrity predictions for 2024.
I see all over the internet predictions being made for 2024. Some are devastating (so we'll skip those), but some are quite positive like one psychic, Ms Smith, predicting Jennifer Aniston will find love this year. She also predicts that Taylor Swift will become even more powerful. How is THAT possible?! Or some good news in the financial world like CNBC predicting that credit card, mortgage and auto loan interest rates will fall. Maybe you even have predictions for yourself. I'm definitely here for that.
When it comes to the world of celebrities, anything can happen at any time. We made predictions last year and only got a few right. Budman predicted that Britney Spears and her husband would divorce. He also predicted that Brendon Fraser would win the Academy Award for Best Actor for The Whale. But that's about it. The only other one that was somewhat close was bringing back some old drama from the past to The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, and while Marija mentioned maybe Brandi Glanville, while it wasn't her, it WAS Denise Richards. So we'll see how we do in 2024.
Marija believes that by the end of 2024 we'll see a Taylor-Travis engagement. Bud sees Travis getting caught up in a cheating scandal with another woman. *GASP*
(Photo by David Eulitt/Getty Images)
Neither prediction from Budman or Marija is positive for this one. Marija sees her in a padded room before the year is over. Bud sees her back in a conservatorship. The only thing I think we know for sure is her cringy videos on Instagram won't stop.
(Photo by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images for Clear Channel)
Marija thinks that before 2024 is over Harry & Meghan will move back to the U.K. to reunite with the Royal Family. Bud, however, sees divorce in their future.
(Photo by Chris Jackson/Chris Jackson/Getty Images)
Budman thinks that sometime this year Kanye and his wife Bianca will release a sex tape. They'll pretend it was leaked. He also sees Kanye going on an apology tour in Israel.
(Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for Ralph Lauren)
Earlier this week, we saw Ian Ziering get attacked by a group of people on mini bike's. Or did he do the attacking. We may never know. Budman predicts he'll get a major movie role or even join the MCU.
(Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
Last year, Marija predicted that Kim K would get into another relationship. While it didn't happen, she's saying 2024 is her year.
(Photo by Presley Ann/Getty Images for ABA)
This is another prediction neither Budman nor Marija got right. They both predicted more kids in 2023. While it didn't happen, we don't think he's done. We're saying more kids are on the way this year.
(Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images)
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!