Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Our guide to mini bags, from small totes to crossbody bags and everything in between.

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	A pretty, pint-sized purse is the perfect finishing touch to almost any outfit. Whether you’re double bagging it to the office with your trusty designer tote bag or in a clutch to find the right little evening bag for a black tie gala, the best mini bags are small but mighty investment to your collection of luxury handbags. 

	Nordstrom women’s fashion director Rickie De Sole confirms that carrying an everyday mini bag is an excellent idea. “We are so often running around with totes full of stuff — computers, keys, phones,” she says. “You’ll need to edit down what is in your mini bag, but there’s something very liberating about carrying less.”




			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Charles Leclerc on Racing, Fashion and Life Beyond the Track	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Matteau Celebrates 10th Anniversary With Moda Operandi	
			








	Why are mini designer handbags resurfacing? Blake Geffen, founder of Vivrelle, explains that over the past few years, mini accessories have been popping up more frequently, creating a buzzy trend that is piquing people’s interest. “Mini bags are the next iteration, giving fashion lovers unique shapes and styles to experiment with. And the truth is, most of the time, we have our phones in our hands, so all you need is a credit card and lip gloss, and you’re all set,” Geffen explains.

	










	And ever since Jacquemus debuted its Chiquito bag in 2018, mini bags have taken off. More recently, Carolina Herrera and Oscar de la Renta displayed their versions during fall 2023 fashion week. For spring 2024, designers like Staud, Coach, Kate Spade, and more also showcased these petite bags. “The mini bag trend has taken off, and I don’t predict it slowing down anytime soon,” Geffen adds.

	Now, the mini bag trend comes with many iterations, from mini bucket bags to mini tote bags, and everything in between, each style helps to create your designer style. Some add more casual detail, while others add a luxurious detail to your style.

	When it comes to styling mini bags, the options are limitless. “I love a mini bag when I’m getting dressed up, whether it be a party or just out for dinner, because it adds a touch of sophistication to the outfit,” Geffen shares. You can also dress the bags down with a great pair of jeans and a cozy sweater for work or just a day running errands. They also make an excellent pairing with a casual dress for warm-weather getaways.

	There are many mini bag options to choose from in varying styles, so with the help of expert tips and product picks, we created this mini bag guide to find the best one for any occasion. Scroll to see our list of the best mini bags — from shoulder bags and crossbody bags, to tote bags and bags for work.

Sign up for WWD Shop‘s newsletter to get the scoop on the best in beauty and style with in-depth reviews of exciting new releases and buyer’s guides to find the products you need to try ASAP.

Related:Best Gifts for WomenBest Gifts for WivesBest Overnight Bags











		Longchamp devotees praise the luxury label’s offerings for quality craftsmanship and durability. The Mini Le Pliage Handbag is crafted with the brand’s signature canvas materials, which are easy to clean. The bag also boasts carrying handles trimmed with Russian leather and gold hardware for added details. Lastly, this top mini bag is foldable, so you can store it when you’re not using the bag or to stash in a carry-on for travel.What testers say: “I love Longchamp products and have been using them since the ’90s, leather and non-leather alike. I adore this bag and the small size. Yes, it is very small, but I have found it to be perfect for traveling (placed inside my larger tote on the plane) as well as for running around my town. The small purse folds flat in the suitcase, and I have found it can be a great bag to use at night after carrying a tote all day. It is light, unassuming, and easy to carry.”Price upon publish date of this article: $125	

		We just can’t get enough of Coach’s checkerboard Ergo bag, which is part of the brand’s sustainable Coachtopia line. This popular designer mini bag adds a graphic touch of style to your wardrobe basics and all-black uniform. What testers say: “So cute! and I love that the straps are adjustable to my liking and removable. Thinking of purchasing all the colors!”Price upon publish date of this article: $195	

		Mansur Gavriel’s version of the mini bag comes in the form of this sleek, vegan leather purse, available in three colors, including this on-trend candy apple colorway. Designed with an easy-to-carry strap that fits over the shoulder, this mini bag is perfect for everyday use. Price upon publish date of this article: $225	

		Round out your handbag collection with this shiny stunner from Gucci. This silver handbag features diagonal matelassé leather and is also detailed with the brand’s signature G emblem. Price upon publish date of this article: $1,980	

		The Marc Jacobs Tote Bag is one of the most popular affordable bags from a luxury brand. But the one tote you have to grab this fall is this mini crinkle iteration that has the versatility to go from day to night and the durability to be carried on all your adventures this year. Price upon publish date of this article: $350	

		Consider this Aquazzura mini bag to be a work of art that’s worth the investment. The minimalist, architectural design of this top mini bag is complimented with a nice textural combination of supple leather and gleaming brass. It’s an ideal option to pair with your chic summer dresses for all the  weddings you have to attend this year.Price upon publish date of this article: $950	

		Cuyana customers can’t get enough of this everyday mini tote, with many praising its spaciousness. The Mini System Tote is crafted with bespoke, Italian double-faced pebbled leather that can also be monogrammed. The bag also features carrying handles and has D-rings in the interior, where an adjustable strap can be added for a hands-free hold.What testers say: “I have been searching for the perfect bag, and this one fits all my needs. It is small, yet big enough for my phone, water bottle, wallet, and glasses, and it still has extra space. The bag is light, and the strap is soft. I can wear it all day and not feel it on my shoulder.”Price upon publish date of this article: $228	

		There are plenty of the best mini bags that have affordable price tags. This one from Mango has a stylish, structured silhouette that includes a top handle and an adjustable strap. The crossbody also has an open interior that makes it easy to take your belongings in and out.Price upon publish date of this article: $39.99	

		Geffen loves everything about this stunning Chanel bag, “but the combination of the shape with the pink tweed is perfection!” she says. The bag has a unique circular design, an adorable mini size, and a chain strap that’s decorated with a beach ball charm. There is also a zip-around closure and two interior patch pockets.Price upon publish date of this article: $2,800	

		Nothing says chic like a black mini bag. Don’t have one? Luckily, there’s this pick from Strathberry that’s equally stunning and functional. The Nano Tote is a smaller version of the brand’s beloved Strathberry Tote, and is made to fit the bare necessities. It has a mini silhouette that’s completed with a signature Strathberry bar closure that folds over the top handle to secure the tote.Price upon publish date of this article: $495	

		Made with leathers sourced from European tanneries, Polène’s Numéro Huit Mini bag has the perfect bucket bag shape. It has a compact, flower-like shape and looks like. There are sculptures built into the bag, thanks to the waves of leather, which created a “fluted” look. It’s also lightweight and still has enough to carry daily essentials like your phone, wallet, and keys.What testers say: “My smaller wallet, sunglasses, small makeup pouch, iPhone, and two pouches or snack bars for the kids fit inside.”Price upon publish date of this article: $380	

		A mini bag is a staple for warm-weather getaways and summertime wear. This raffia version from Loewe complements any outfit, thanks to its classic design. A long leather strap, flap closure with a knotted belt for secure fastening, and one interior double patch pocket make the bag easy to carry and style, and the pop of color on the flap adds a playful pop of color. “I love this bag because it reminds me of summer and a beach vacation,” Geffen says. “It can be styled for day or night!”Price upon publish date of this article: $1,200	

		If you’re seeking a bag that gets plenty of praise, look no more. This mini bag from Saint Laurent will have you wrapped around its strap. The smooth leather bag features one main compartment, a hook-fastening tab, and a detachable crossbody strap. Taylor Swift was recently spotted with the bag, so add this one to your cart ASAP before the Swifties get to it first. Price upon publish date of this article: $2,100	

		This lightweight Naghedi mini bag, made from water-resistant materials, has a gorgeous weave that stands out in a sea of muted totes. It’s also paired with a removable crossbody strap and zip pouch, which keeps your essential items safe on any sandy beach.Price upon publish date of this article: $240	

		This mini bag from Chloé is an elegant way to wear a straw bag without looking dated. The round basket silhouette is roomy enough to hold daily essentials, while a convenient leather crossbody strap gives you the freedom to move throughout your day with a hands-free hold.Price upon publish date of this article: $890	

	Although small, mini bags can be a “big level up for your outfit,” Geffen explains. “If you are wearing a neutral outfit, I recommend a burst of color with something like a bright pink Fendi Baguette Phone Pouch or the cobalt Baby Quilted Lou Camera Bag by Saint Laurent.” And for a more formal look, choose a bag with plenty of color and texture.

	As for styling, “It totally depends on what the occasion is!” says De Sole. “Toss on a crossbody mini with a pair of jeans for a day of running errands, or a mini bag with a mini dress for the perfect night out.” You can also take notes from celebs: Sofia Richie paired a plaid mini dress with a mini Chanel bag, and Zendaya added a Louis Vuitton bag to a beige with black zebra-print pattern two-piece set. While in Paris, Tatiana Elizabeth was also seen with a vibrant red mini bag.

	Since 1910, WWD — often referred to as “the fashion bible” — has been the leading industry voice of authority for senior executives in the global women’s and men’s fashion, retail, and beauty communities, while also informing the consumer media that cover the market. Today, WWD’s breaking news and trend coverage continues to be a trustworthy resource for both fashion insiders and consumers alike. Our shopping editors continue to uphold WWD’s editorial standards and values with quality, expert-backed product selections.

	To curate the best mini bags, we interviewed bag experts who added their knowledge and product recommendations to this story. Alongside their tips, our experts also shared what to look for in the best mini bags, what materials to consider, and what makes them quality bags. We also researched the designer bag market, compared customer review quotes, and conducted our own product testing. Learn more about us here. 

	










Blake Geffen is the founder of Vivrelle, a luxury membership club that provides subscribers with unique and rare designer handbags, jewelry, and diamonds. She’s well-versed in finding the best accessories without breaking the bank, and she contributed to this list by adding her favorite selections of the best mini bags.

Rickie De Sole is the women’s designer fashion and editorial director at Nordstrom and is a fashion veteran. Before her current role, De Sole spent 12 years at Vogue, moving across various roles in the print and digital spaces. De Sole is a firm believer that carrying less is “very liberating,” and that’s why she added her picks to our list of best mini bags.

Taylor Lane is a WWD and Footwear News contributing freelance beauty and fashion shopping writer based in Charleston, South Carolina. The former New Yorker previously held on-staff shopping writer roles at Yahoo Life and Dotdash Meredith. Lane’s bylines have appeared in publications like InStyle, Forbes Vetted, Women’s Health, and more. Lane has several years of editorial experience covering beauty and fashion, reporting on everything from stylish and functional sneakers to the best mini bags to buy now.

This article was fact checked and reviewed by Leanna Yip, a veteran copy editor with over 12 years of experience, including eight years text editing researched shopping stories and in-depth product guides across several categories, including fashion, beauty, home, footwear, tech, gifts, and more.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.