It seems like a lot of people have been pronouncing Travis and Jason Kelce’s last name wrong. 
“So y’all know it’s not even Travis ‘Kel-see?'” Kansas City Chiefs defensive tackle Chris Jones can be heard saying on the bench in a clip from “Inside the NFL,” which was filmed during the team’s frigid Jan. 13 game against the Miami Dolphins.
When one of his teammate asks for clarification, he responds, “[It’s] Travis ‘Kels.’ Yeah, well, f—ing crazy, right?”
However, this news may not come as a surprise to fans of the Kelce brothers’ podcast, “New Heights.”
Travis and Jason actually discussed the topic in a February 2023 episode, during which they exposed family secrets with their parents, Donna and Ed Kelce.
At one point, they put their father in the hot seat for “changing” their last name. 
“Why in the world did you change your name out of nowhere?” Jason, 36, wondered.
“I never changed my name out of nowhere,” the NFL dad replied. 
“I got tired of correcting people.”
For more Page Six you love…
“So you changed your entire family’s name over generations … ’cause you were tired of correcting people,” Jason shot back as his younger brother laughed. 
The Philadelphia Eagles center continued to pressure his dad by asking why he and Travis, 34, only found out about the original pronunciation of their name in their 20s.
Ed then admitted that their mother, Donna, thought it was pronounced “Kel-see” as well.
“That was the name that I went by at work. That was my work name,” he explained.
When Jason asked how he should pronounce their last name, his dad cheekily replied, “Do whatever you want. I did!”
Ultimately, Travis said he’ll “go by both,” while Jason said he prefers the incorrect pronunciation.
“Don’t call me ‘Kels,'” he warned listeners.
The resurfaced clip about the Kelces’ last name comes amid reports of Jason’s retirement from the NFL following the Eagles’ playoff loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Monday night.
After the game, the Super Bowl champion appeared emotional as he found his family in the stands. He then reportedly told his teammates in the locker room of his plans to step away from football after 13 seasons.
However, on Wednesday’s episode of “New Heights,” the six-time All-Pro honoree addressed the speculation — which has Swifties upset — by saying he has purposely not revealed his intentions for next season.
“I don’t know what next year is going to look like with the team, coaches, players,” he said. 
“I just want to make sure everybody knows how much I love and respect and appreciate the effort and energy they put into the year.
“I know the outcome, Philadelphia, was not acceptable, but I love each and every person in that room.”
Jason also said he doesn’t think it would be smart to make a big decision coming off such a heartbreaking loss. 
“I’m not trying to be dramatic and continue to draw this thing out, I’m really not,” he added. 
“It’s just something that I think, when it’s time to officially announce what’s happening in the future, it’ll be done at in a way that’s definitive and pays respect to a lot of people and individuals that have meant a lot to me and what has led to the career I’ve had.”
Travis has also recently addressed his future with the NFL amid speculation he may retire to focus on his relationship with Taylor Swift.
“I have no reason to stop playing football,” he told reporters Jan. 11.
 “I love it, we still have success, come in with the right mindset.”
“I just love the challenge that it gives me every single day to try and be my best. Like I said, I have no desire to stop anytime soon.”
He did, however, mention that he loves being in front of the camera, hinting that he could transition to scripted work once his football career comes to an end.
“The ‘SNL’ stuff kinda opened up a new happiness and maybe a new career path for me, but it’s funny for me to even say that at this point in my career because it’s so much further down the road than it is right now,” he said. 
Travis hosted “Saturday Night Live” in March 2023 and made a surprise cameo in October 2023.
He also appeared in the 2023 documentaries “Kelce” and “Quarterback.”
In addition, he was the heartthrob at the center of E!’s 2016 dating show “Catching Kelce.”
Advertisement