Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes may wear the number 15 on his jersey, but his feet favor the number 13. That’s not their size (which is reportedly a 12), nor is it because of his connection with Taylor Swift, girlfriend of pal and teammate Travis Kelce. No, that’s because 13 is the number of the Croc, owing to the number of ventilation holes atop each foam resin clog, and sometimes, as Mahomes demonstrated at a photoshoot recently, you just gotta let your feet breathe.
In an Instagram reel of the Chiefs' post-season captains’ photoshoot posted by the team Wednesday, Mahomes strolls into frame looking dapper in a plaid suit, white shirt, black tie, and Crocs. Those hooves are shod in a pristine white pair of the shoes with the straps in “comfort mode” configuration. No Jibbitz in sight.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
“What do you want me to do with these shoes?” the photographer asks Mahomes, who appears baffled.
“What, do I need shoes?” he asks, before revealing, “I don’t even know what shoes I have.”
Later, he’s pictured in a sockless loafer look, so evidently someone found an alternative. That emergency standby shoe, however, isn’t saving Mahomes from catching heat for baring his sole from both his team and his wife, Brittany Mahomes.
“Surely QB1 didn’t wear crocs to the playoffs captains shoot,” reads the caption on the Instagram video.
Brittany also commented on the video to convey her woe surrounding her husband living la vida Crocs: “I definitely put shoes in there….come onnnnn,” she wrote, adding the facepalm and crying-laughing emojis for good measure.
Mahomes is a captain for the team’s postseason bid, as is Kelce. Kelce, notably, did not catch any heat for the Nike sneakers he paired with his own suit—perhaps one of those 300 pairs he owns.
Mahomes and Kelce are not only teammates but close friends too, a relationship that extends to their partners. Mahomes has called Swift “a great woman” and “part of the Chiefs Kingdom," and Brittany and Swift have been spotted out to dinner, celebrating New Year’s together with their respective partners, and often sit together at Chiefs games, even sporting matchy-matchy customized jackets with their SO’s names and jersey numbers on them at last weekend’s frigid Chiefs-Dolphins matchup. As Brittany captioned an Instagram post with photos of herself and her no. 1 WAG-woman, “Twinning & Winning.”
The bond between the two crews doesn’t stop there: Swift, as we know, is beloved by parents, having earned the approval of both Donna Kelce and Ed Kelce (because Taylor lets Travis sleep a lot). But even Mahomes’ dad, Pat Mahomes Sr., endorses her. In an interview with Kansas City outlet Starcade Media posted to Twitter on Tuesday, the elder Mahomes says Swift is “down to earth.” When he first introduced himself to her, he said, he found she’d done her research and already recognized him: Swift had watched Quarterback, which followed the younger Mahomes and two other QBs through the 2022-2023 season, and knew Dad Mahomes from that.
“Every time I've hung out with her, she just acts like a normal person," he said.
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment