From firefighters to Taylor Swift, people need their boots fixed right in Omaha. Sam Di Mauro has been fixing shoes for decades at Andy's Shoe Repair, which he took over from his father who started the shop in the 1950s. Photographed in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023. 
When Sam Di Mauro describes a random day at Andy’s Shoe Repair, it sounds like the setup of a joke.
A nun walks into the store. Next comes a Hells Angels biker. And finally a priest.
Sam Di Mauro works on a pair of shoes at Andy's Shoe Repair.
On any given day, Di Mauro never knows who will need him to fix their shoes next.
It could be Taylor Swift with a pair of boots before a concert in Omaha in 2011. Or the cast of “Lion King” before they begin a series of shows at the Orpheum Theater.
“There’s a million stories,” he said. “You get to meet such a wide variety of people.”
Inside Di Mauro’s shop at 50th and Grover Streets, signed photos and posters from the people he’s helped hang in the lobby. And on nearly every surface in the store — shelves, counters, the walls and boxes on the floor — are tools or shoes in various stages of repair.
Black high-heel boots outlined with rhinestones sit next to scuffed and worn work boots on a shelf. Spools of green, orange, purple, blue, red and brown thread hang on the wall.
“It looks messy, but it’s really organized,” Di Mauro said of the store.
Di Mauro has been in the shoe repair industry since 1997. He learned the trade by helping his father, Andy Di Mauro, who developed a loyal clientele while working out of a small building near 42nd and Grover.
When Andy Di Mauro was diagnosed with colon cancer, his son got an 18-month crash course in shoe repair.
A photo shows Sam Di Mauro's father, Andy Di Mauro, when he owned Andy's Shoe Repair in the 1980s. 
“Two weeks up until he died, he was trying to teach me how to do shoe repair,” Di Mauro said of his father.
The elder Di Mauro taught his son to always fix a shoe so it can be repaired again and to use the highest-quality material so the customer will be happy.
“Your house is the most expensive thing,” Di Mauro said. “Your car is the next most expensive thing. But shoes are something that you never think about, but they’re the most important thing in your life because you have to have a pair of shoes.”
Late last month, Andy’s Shoe Repair was busy. Customers came in and out of the shop to pick up and drop off shoes. A sign on the door warned repairs could take four to six weeks.
Di Mauro says he has “a million stories” from working at Andy’s Shoe Repair. He has repaired shoes since 1997.
Back in 2009, The World-Herald wrote about Di Mauro’s shop. A reporter happened to stop by the day the nun, Hells Angels biker and priest also visited. Andy’s was full of people hoping to get their shoes repaired in the midst of a crummy economy.
Fourteen years later, different global forces have shaped the shoe repair industry. Already an industry in decline, an estimated 1,500 shops closed in the United States during the COVID-19 pandemic.
That estimate comes from the Shoe Service Institute of America, or SSIA, which frequently surveys repair shops. SSIA’s members are retail shoe repair operators, their wholesale trading partners and suppliers that manufacture or import the products used in shoe repair shops.
Jim McFarland, past president of SSIA, said a survey done in summer 2023 revealed 3,500 shoe repair shops left in the United States. In 2020, there were 5,000 shops. Twenty years earlier, there were 7,500 shops.
“It’s quite the juggling act right now,” McFarland said. “For the ones that are good and strong, it’s the best time of their career.”
Back in 2009, Andy’s was one of only nine shoe repair shops in the entire metro area. Today, Di Mauro said there’s only one other shop that does the same type of repairs.
Boxes of materials and supplies fill Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover St.
Di Mauro said several Omaha shops called it quits during the pandemic.
Suddenly, people weren’t putting on heels to go dancing on a Friday night. Office workers weren’t wearing the soles of their penny loafers down walking to and from the office. Demand slowed.
“It’s been brutal,” Di Mauro said.
Di Mauro was able to stay open, thanks to the boots of iron workers, electricians and plumbers. He also fixes more than shoes. He uses his sewing skills to repair the coats and pants for firefighters in 12 departments, including the Omaha Fire Department.
He also fixes the boots, gun holsters and bulletproof vests for the Omaha Police Department.
Now that life has picked back up, Di Mauro is swamped.
“All the major cities are running through the same problem we are here, and the shops that are left are overwhelmed,” Di Mauro said.
Di Mauro used to put new zippers on coats or repair purses, but he now has to turn down those requests.
“We’re having to eliminate a lot of that work because we’re backlogged on the shoes,” Di Mauro said.
Sam Di Mauro, owner of Andy’s Shoe Repair, talks at his shop at 4954 Grover St. He learned how to repair shoes from his father.
A new generation of cobblers isn’t waiting in the wings to help with demand. McFarland said to his knowledge, no school or academy exists in the U.S. where people can learn the trade. People interested in learning have to find someone willing to teach them. It’s expensive for shop owners to take on an apprentice, and it takes years before that apprentice knows enough about shoe repair to make a living.
“Who’s teaching?” McFarland said. “Who’s got time to teach it? Who’s got time to learn it?”
Many of the existing cobblers in the United States are in their mid- to late 50s. If things don’t change, McFarland estimates that by 2030, there could only be 2,500 to 2,000 cobblers left.
Beyond that, say in 30 or 40 years, McFarland said finding a cobbler might be like finding a classic car.
When asked whether he wonders what will happen to shoe repair shops when people like him start retiring, Di Mauro, 57, said he thinks about it every day.
“Every day. Every day,” he said. “It’s a field that I don’t see anyone ever going to start another shop in Omaha. It would be very expensive.”
SSIA estimates that the mixture of new and used machinery necessary to operate a shoe repair shop costs between $25,000 and $60,000. Supplies and retail items like polishes, laces and insoles cost about $15,000.
As shops close, customers are having to turn to repair shops in other cities and states. Others are opting to throw their shoes out and buy new ones instead of getting them repaired.
McFarland, who owns and operates a shoe repair shop in Florida, uses social media to promote his business. He has more than 1 million followers on TikTok and close to 600,000 on Instagram, and he has started making YouTube videos.
The people who watch McFarland online also send him their shoes. He now relies on that mail-in business.
“It’s changed a lot since 2020 the way we do business,” he said. “We had to change with the times. We had no choice.”
Thanks to word of mouth alone, Di Mauro already has customers from all over the country. His customers live in Houston, New York City, Los Angeles, Oregon, Idaho and beyond. One customer handed out his business card on the streets of Japan, and Di Mauro received cowboy boots from Tokyo for repairs.
Di Mauro is a third-generation cobbler. His father learned the shoe repair business from an uncle who opened a shop in Omaha in 1923.
“It’s something that you learn every day,” Di Mauro said of shoe repair. “Right when you think you might of mastered something, you see something that you never saw before.”
Sam Di Mauro uses a machine to sew a sole onto a pair of boots at his repair shop.
At the request of customers, he turned a black pair of sneakers into ballroom dancing shoes and a pair of cowboy boots into bowling shoes.
Women’s shoes can be harder to fix. The styles change constantly. Meanwhile, men have been wearing penny loafers since the 1930s.
“We’re very boring people,” Di Mauro said of men.
The equipment Di Mauro uses to make the repairs is old. The machine Di Mauro calls the “the bread and butter” of any repair shop stitches shoes together and was built in 1959.
The machine is complex. When a part on it broke, the repair took almost eight hours. Still, Di Mauro said it’s “pretty much a perfect machine.”
“God is the only one that could’ve helped this guy invent this machine,” he said.
Di Mauro works 12-hour days and spends most of that time on his feet. His store is open five days a week, but he frequently goes in on the days he’s closed so he can work on repairs.
“It’s not about the money,” Di Mauro said. “It’s just about that you’re doing something … you’re helping people out that don’t know they need help until it’s there.”
During a recent week, Di Mauro repaired 140 pairs of shoes. But he doesn’t know how many pairs he’s fixed throughout his career.
Di Mauro doesn’t see the point in keeping track. While he’s inside his shop fixing one pair of shoes, people are out walking, running, dancing and living in their shoes.
“I never count them because you never get ahead of the game,” he said. “It just doesn’t end.”
Sam Di Mauro, owner of Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street, in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Sam Di Mauro uses a sander to smooth the sole of a shoe at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
A photo of Sam Di Mauro's father when he owned Andy's Shoe Repair in the 1980s. Photographed at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Sam Di Mauro works on a pair of shoes at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Boxes of materials and supplies at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Sam Di Mauro grabs a pair of shoes to work on at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Sam Di Mauro uses a machine to sew a sole onto a pair of boots at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Sam Di Mauro at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Spools of colored thread at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
Sam Di Mauro's hands are calloused after decades of being a cobbler at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
A photo of Andy's Shoe Repair from the 1980s, when it was run by Sam Di Mauro's father. Photographed at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
A taxidermy pheasant nicknamed Arturo on display with a leather fanny pack as Sam Di Mauro works on a pair of shoes at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
A pair of high heel boots with rhinestones and a pair of work boots, both in need of repair, at Andy's Shoe Repair at 4954 Grover Street in Omaha on Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023.
emily.nitcher@owh.com, 402-444-1192, twitter.com/emily_nitcher
Get the latest local business news delivered FREE to your inbox weekly.
From firefighters to Taylor Swift, people need their boots fixed right in Omaha. Sam Di Mauro has been fixing shoes for decades at Andy's Shoe…
A Little More Like Home sells restored mid-century modern furniture in midtown Omaha. The store is owned by a husband and wife who found a sha…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.