Photo: Getty Images North America
A video shared online shows Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce at a tailgate held by Buffalo Bills fans prior to attending the AFC Divisional Round game in support of his brother, Travis Kelce, and the Kansas City Chiefs.
The video, which was shared by X user Maryna Oleksina, showed Kelce chugging out of what appears to be a bowling ball before giving high fives to the Bills fans.
Jason, his wife, Kylie, and his father, Ed, were all seen exiting a private plane in Buffalo hours before the game. A "source close to the Chiefs" previously confirmed to PEOPLE Magazine that Jason, Kylie and Travis' girlfriend, pop superstar Taylor Swift, were all expected to be in attendance for Sunday's game. 
The report came days after Jason teased potentially attending the game while addressing reporters during the Eagles' exit interviews on Wednesday (January 17).
"I don't know, that's one of the beautiful things about the off-season, it's unscheduled. So, you know, obviously, my brother's still in the playoffs. I don't get to watch him play very often, maybe I'll get an opportunity to go watch one of those games this week," he said.
Jason's attendance comes also amid reports of his possible retirement.
“I didn’t announce what I was doing on purpose, despite, I guess, what’s been leaked to the media,” Jason said during the latest episode of his and Travis' 'New Heights' podcast released last week. “… I just don’t think you’re in a position after a game like that to really make that decision, I just don’t, there’s too much emotion in the moment, there’s too much going down in the moment to really fully grasp that decision.”
“When it’s time to officially announce what’s happening in the future, it’ll be done in a way that’s definitive and pays respect to a lot of people and individuals that have meant a lot to me and what has led to the career I’ve had, and I don’t think it would be respectful or even accurate to be able to do that right after a game like that,” he added. “Frustrated, I guess, at everything that’s happening, but in the future there will be something said, I guess, but I did address the team and pretty much said the same thing I just said to you, which is I got belief in every single one of you guys, cherish the moments you have in this league, I think it’s kind of the way it went down.”
Travis' girlfriend, pop superstar Taylor Swift, was also seen walking into Highmark Stadium prior to kickoff. Sunday's game would mark the first time Jason was seen publicly with the Swift since she began dating his brother last year.
The Chiefs and Bills will kickoff their AFC Divisional Round matchup at 6:30 p.m. ET.