The options reportedly include "Bad Blood" Waffle Fries and the "Karma" Quesadilla.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Taylor Swift fans attending the Kansas City Chiefs-Buffalo Bills playoff game are in for a tasty treat.

	The 34-year-old pop superstar is expected to attend the matchup in support of her NFL star boyfriend Travis Kelce, 34, whose Chiefs will take on the Bills at Highmark Stadium in Orchard Park, New York, on Sunday (Jan. 21).

	Hungry Swifties looking for a bite to eat at the game will be pleased to find menu items inspired by the singer, provided by the Bills’ food service partner, Delaware North, People reports. The unique food options will include “Bad Blood” Waffle Fries and the “Karma” Quesadilla.

	The “Bad Blood” fries are a “2-foot display of spiced waffle fries featuring each city’s culinary specialty,” according to a description from Delaware North, according to People. The “Karma” Quesadilla is billed as “chicken tenders, bacon and cilantro ranch in a triple-stacked quesadilla, topped with pork-belly chaser.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Our culinary team has again designed a great menu for the Divisional playoff game this weekend, with several new items for fans as they cheer on the Bills,” Andy Altomare, Delaware North’s GM at Highmark Stadium, said in a statement. “We had a lot of fun with this week’s menu — adding a few new options that celebrate this incredible rivalry with the Chiefs and their star-studded fans.”

	Swift has attended numerous NFL games to cheer on her tight end beau, most recently showing off matching Chiefs jackets with Brittany Mahomes at the KC team’s game against the Miami Dolphins on Jan. 13. The “Cruel Summer” singer also spent New Year’s Eve cheering on Kelce as the Chiefs took home a victory against the Cincinnati Bengals. She was also spotted at the Chiefs’ Christmas face off against the Las Vegas Raiders. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.