Manage your account
Taylor Swift fans attending the Kansas City Chiefs playoff game against the Buffalo Bills on Sunday are in for a treat — pun intended.
Bills foodservice partner Delaware North announced Friday they would be offering two new food options, named after popular Swift songs, at this weekend’s game. The Grammy-winning singer is attending the match to support boyfriend and Chiefs tight end, Travis Kelce.
More from The Hollywood Reporter
2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards: Taylor Swift, Jelly Roll, 21 Savage Lead Nominations
Issa Rae, 'Rap Sh!t' Cast Predict Grammy Winners, from SZA to Meryl Streep to Nicki Minaj
Dior, Armani and Prada Won Millions in Earned Exposure at the Golden Globes, According to 2024's Inaugural Red Carpet Power Rankings
The company will serve “Bad Blood” waffle fries, which consists of a 2-foot display of spiced waffle fries featuring each city’s culinary specialty. Half of them will be topped with Buffalo chicken and blue cheese, while the other half will have Kansas City’s Cattleman’s BBQ pork, cole slaw and bread-and-butter pickles, according to foodservice partner Delaware North.
Fans will also be able to purchase a “Karma” quesadilla, made with chicken tenders, bacon and cilantro ranch in a triple-stacked quesadilla, topped with pork-belly chaser, per the partner’s description.
“Our culinary team has again designed a great menu for the Divisional playoff game this weekend, with several new items for fans as they cheer on the Bills,” Andy Altomare, Delaware North’s general manager at Highmark Stadium said in a statement. “We had a lot of fun with this week’s menu – adding a few new options that celebrate this incredible rivalry with the Chiefs and their star-studded fans.”
Whichever team wins this game will go on to play the AFC championship, one of the two semifinal playoff games of the National Football League, on Jan. 28.
Swift has attended several Chiefs games since September, when the couple made their first somewhat public appearance — albeit not together. The attention the NFL has put on the star since she began showing up at games hasn’t sat well with some fans of the game, who don’t want it to be all about her.
During her Time person of the year interview, Swift explained that she has no idea how the NFL finds which suite she’s in at the games, and she has no way of knowing how many times she’s being shown in a broadcast.
“I’m just there to support Travis,” she told the publication. “I have no awareness of if I’m being shown too much and pissing off a few dads, Brads and Chads.”
Best of The Hollywood Reporter
Harvey Weinstein's "Jane Doe 1" Victim Reveals Identity: "I'm Tired of Hiding"
'Awards Chatter' Podcast: 'Sopranos' Creator David Chase Finally Reveals What Happened to Tony (Exclusive)