e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
Detroit’s historic Redford Theatre has announced its schedule through May, kicking 2024 off this weekend with the master of suspense himself — legendary Hollywood director Alfred Hitchcock.
On Friday, Jan. 5, the Redford will screen 1938’s “The Lady Vanishes,” one of Hitchcock’s British films starring Michael Redgrave and Margaret Lockwood. Based on Ethel Lina White’s 1936 novel, “The Wheel Spins,” the plot has Iris Henderson (Lockwood) traveling through Europe when she discovers her elderly traveling companion Miss Froy (May Whitty) has disappeared from the train. However, none of her fellow passengers remember seeing Miss Froy, so Iris takes it upon herself to learn what happened to her with the help of Gilbert Redman (Redgrave).
On Saturday, Jan. 6, 1959’s “North by Northwest” — a classic Hitchcock movie starring Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, and Martin Landau — will be screened. A tale of mistaken identity, advertising exec Roger Thornhill (Grant) — who’s mistaken for a man named George Kapan — is relentlessly hunted across the United States by agents of a clandestine organization. Roger finds an ally in industrial designer Eve Kendall (Saint), but it’s unclear if he can really trust her.
“North by Northwest” features a climactic battle on Mount Rushmore and the famous scene where a crop duster attacks Roger in a cornfield. Nominated for three Oscars and considered one of the greatest films of all time, “North by Northwest” was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry in 1995.
Saint, 99, is the only surviving cast member of “North by Northwest.”
“‘Northwest by Northwest’ was made when Hitchcock was at the peak of his powers. It was preceded by (1958’s) ‘Vertigo’ and followed by (1961’s) ‘Psycho’ and (1963’s) ‘The Birds.’ All four of these are among Hitchcock’s greatest films; it is doubtful that any other film director has ever had a run like that,” Wayne State University film professor Steven Shaviro said. “Hitchcock combined the ‘wrong man’ theme, which was something that obsessed him and that he had already explored in earlier movies, with something strikingly new: A structure of extravagant and creative set pieces. This also means that we have both suspense and mind-bending action.”
Shaviro shared his insight about the many contributing factors that made “North by Northwest” a classic. One factor was the cast. Shaviro pointed out Grant was still charismatic and dynamic at 55. Saint, who was 35, won an Oscar for 1954’s “On the Waterfront,” her first film.
“Hitchcock guided (Saint) into a role that vastly expanded her persona. James Mason, 50 at the time, had already played all sorts of fascinating roles both in movies and on TV; he made for a suave and convincing villain,” Shaviro said. “With this cast, Hitchcock created an entirely new genre — or at least, sub-genre — of movie: A thriller structured by explosive twists and shock effects rather than by conventional narrative logic. Mistaken by the bad guys for a man who doesn’t actually exist, Roger is thrust into one situation after another where he has to improvise in order to survive.”
He continued: “The film unfolds as a series of crazy set-pieces: Thornhill is forced to drive over dangerous roads while drunk; he finds himself, knife in hand, holding a man who has just been murdered by that knife; he has to disrupt an art auction so that the police will arrest him since this is the only way he can get away from the thugs who are trying to kill him; in the film’s climax, there is a chase sequence on Mount Rushmore; and, most famously of all, he waits to meet somebody in an eerily empty cornfield in the middle of nowhere, only to be attacked by a crop duster. Each of these sequences is over-the-top in conception, entirely surprising as a plot twist, and edited to maximize tension and a sense of danger.”
For the weekend of Jan. 12-13, Detroit-based Listeso String Quartet will perform a “Candlelight Concert: A Tribute to Taylor Swift” and a “Candlelight Concert: A Tribute to Adele,” respectively, under the gentle glow of candlelight.
On Friday, Jan. 19, the Redford will screen 1995’s “Clueless,” starring Alicia Silverstone and Paul Rudd (in his film debut) in director Amy Heckering’s modern-day version of Jane Austen’s “Emma.”
On Saturday, Jan. 20, the Redford will screen 1984’s “Spinal Tap,” director Rob Reiner’s groundbreaking mockumentary about a heavy metal band, starring Michael McKean and Christopher Guest. It effectively launched the mockumentary genre.
Other movies of note:
On Friday, Feb. 16, the Redford will screen 1990’s “Ghost,” written by Detroit native Bruce Joel Rubin, who won the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay. In “Ghost,” the spirit of a dead man (Patrick Swayze) must protect his sweetheart (Demi Moore) from the people who murdered him. It was 1990’s top-grossing film.
On Saturday, Feb. 17, the Redford will screen the 1942 classic “Casablanca,” which will be shown in 35 mm. Nominated for eight Oscars, “Casablanca” won three, including Best Picture. Filmed and set during World War II, “Casablanca” stars Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman.
“It’s taught in many screenwriting courses and held up as an example of a perfect screenplay — and I think it is. It has everything: romance, suspense, humor, topicality, and a point of view. In terms of its execution, it’s just sublime. Great staging, great sets, great dialogue, and — of course — great casting. When I say great cast, I mean from Bogart all the way down to the tiniest bit (of) player. No one who appears in that film – even if it’s just a few seconds – isn’t colorful or interesting,” renowned film critic Leonard Maltin said.
On Saturday, March 16, the Redford will screen 1965’s “The Sound of Music.” Starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer, the adaptation of the 1959 Broadway musical of the same name won five Oscars and two Golden Globes. It was 1965’s highest-grossing film.
On Friday, March 29, the Redford will screen 2002’s “8 Mile.” Set and filmed in Detroit, “8 Mile” stars rapper Eminem (in his film debut), Brittany Murphy and Kim Basinger. Semi-autobiographical, “8 Mile” is about rapper Jimmy Smith, Jr. (Eminem) attempting to launch a career in the African-American-dominated hip-hop music genre.
In addition to movies, the Redford will host an “Art Deco Extravaganza” on Saturday, March 2; its “Three Stooges Festival” on Friday, April 12; “The Artist” with organ accompaniment by Andrew Rogers on Friday, April 19; and the Detroit Regional International Youth Silent Film Festival on Saturday, April 20.
“The Redford will always be the place for established classics like ‘North by Northwest,’ ‘Casablanca,’ and ‘The Sound of Music.’ We have all of these this season and there is no substitution for seeing these perennial favorites on the big screen,” said publicity coordinator John Monaghan. “We’re also embracing more ‘modern’ classics like ‘8 Mile’ and ‘Clueless ’… There are generations of new audiences who have only seen these on television — or worse yet — on their phones. They want to enjoy them in a theatrical setting. We want to make sure that younger and older audiences feel that the Redford is their moviegoing home.”
The Redford Theatre is located at 17360 Lahser, Detroit. Tickets usually range from $5-$7 with the price for special events being higher. For questions or more information, call 313-567-2560 or visit redfordtheatre.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group