Fans have the option to eat Taylor Swift-themed food at Kansas City Chiefs’ playoff game against the Buffalo Bills, which the singer is expected to attend.
Per the Bills’ food service partner, Delaware North, the stadium is serving “Bad Blood Waffle Fries” and a “Karma Quesadilla” at the Highmark Stadium in Orchard Park, N.Y., Sunday.
The first Swift-inspired dish features a “2-foot display of spiced waffle fries” topped on one side with the home team’s go-to “Buffalo chicken and blue cheese.”
The other half gives a nod to the Chiefs with “Kansas City Cattleman’s BBQ pork, cole slaw and bread-and-butter pickles.”
As for the “Karma Quesadilla,” the tasty offering includes “chicken tenders, bacon and cilantro ranch in a triple-stacked quesadilla” and “topped with pork-belly chaser.”
“We had a lot of fun with this week’s menu — adding a few new options that celebrate this incredible rivalry with the Chiefs and their star-studded fans,” Delaware North said in a statement.
The “Blank Space” hitmaker’s relationship with the tight end, 34, has taken the football world by storm since they first went public with their relationship in September 2023. 
The NFL has already jumped on the “Traylor” bandwagon by cashing in on the increased viewership from the pop star’s devoted fanbase.
The numerous times the televised broadcasts have cut to Swift, 34, during Chiefs’ games even became the subject of Jo Koy’s not-so-well-received joke at the Golden Globes 2024 earlier this month.
However, the “Look What You Made Me Do” songstress — who confirmed that she and Kelce began dating in July — said in response to the growing criticism that she has “no awareness” of when the NFL is going to feature her in their broadcast.
“I don’t know how they know what suite I’m in,” Swift told Time magazine in December. 
For more Page Six you love…
“There’s a camera a half-mile away, and you don’t know where it is, and you have no idea when the camera is putting you in the broadcast, so I don’t know if I’m being shown 17 times or once,” she explained. 
“I have no awareness of if I’m being shown too much and pissing off a few dads, Brads, and Chads.”
Regardless of the backlash for her amount of screen time, the “Lavender Haze” singer said that she’s happy to show support for her man.
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” she told Time.
“The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other.”
Advertisement