Live from New York, it's Entertainment Tonight!
Over the weekend, ET's awards season coverage took center stage during a sketch on Saturday Night Live. The hosts of the Emmy-winning entertainment news program, played by Heidi Gardner and Ego Nwodim, introduce themselves by posing a riddle: "Who's someone you see every year, once a year, and yet you've never seen them before in your life? An Entertainment Tonight host." 
The hosts speak with two "very qualified" professional lip readers, played by Jacob Elordi and Bowen Yang, who decode what Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet were saying during their intimate Golden Globes conversation, using their "relaxed and a little horny" body language. 
They also determine what Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce were saying during their first  New York City date night, which they both attended after an SNL taping.
Proving they know exactly what they are talking about, the lip readers make sure the hosts know that each conversation ends with "I love you."
The ET personalities hilariously question how qualified the lip readers really are after they dispute Jennifer Lawrence's "If I don't win, I'm leaving" moment at the Emmys, telling the viewers she was actually singing a line from "Don't Rain on My Parade." 
The interview takes a turn when the lip readers welcome their "little lesbian intern" Reneé Rapp, who joins them in order to complete her 40 hours of media training, a joke about Rapp making headlines for her supposed lack of media training. 
The Mean Girls star decodes a moment during Gwyneth Paltrow's ski accident trial, which according to her, is when the Goop founder admits to a murder -- and giggles about it. 
The ET hosts give the lip-reading trio one more moment to decode as they silently sign off, which according to the experts was another line from "Don't Rain on My Parade." 
This weekend's SNL was a star-studded event, as Megan Thee Stallion and the OG Regina George of Mean Girls, Rachel McAdams, made surprise cameos. 
The (real) ET spoke with Megan Thee Stallion at the Mean Girls premiere, where the self-proclaimed "Black Regina George" gushed about her collaboration with Rapp for the soundtrack. 
"I love Reneé. As soon as I met her I was like, 'Oh, you my friend. OK.' I love it. I love her and I love Mean Girls," the rapper told ET. "It was only right they had to call the H-Town hottie out here. I been calling myself the Black Regina George for, like, ever. And here I am. This is really my dream, so I'm so happy. I'm excited to be a part of this."
RELATED CONTENT: 
TV
TV
TV
Video