Forget Disney—come to TikTok
American pop culture is transmogrifying once again. Move over rap, move over rock, here comes the Swifties, and the mind-sucking vacuum called TikTok.
We are a nation led by an old man who thinks he is the legitimate president of the United States and may usher us into the Third World War. Adding to that, are college presidents who steal other people's words and a plethora of lefty politicians, journalists, and media that think we are too dumb to see through the endless lies they tell us on a daily basis.
TikTok influencers have got our kids believing that life is just one,  long song and dance, lots of fandom farces, and if you can get one without being trampled to death, a new pink Stanley x Starbucks coffee cup.
The Columbus Dispatch said it may cost you up to $329. Writer Bailey Gallion also said, “In scenes resembling Black Friday rushes of old, online videos show customers rushing shelves and lining up early at Targets around the country, including some parts of Ohio.
The hot item worth getting up before dawn for? A pink cup that costs $50.
The pink Stanley tumblers were part of a limited Target and Starbucks collaboration. It will not be restocked and is only available for sale “while supplies last.” Target’s website shows that the tumblers are already out of stock at every store around Columbus. If you really need one, your best bet is probably the secondary market, eBay or Facebook Marketplace, where cups are fetching as much as $100.”
The latest TikTok craze may be mild compared to some behaviors that have cost some TikTok kids their lives.
The three great temptations of power, fame, and fortune have been reduced to the lowest common denominator by TikTok’s pandering pulsing messages pouring into our children’s fairly empty heads.
It no longer matters who rules the nation or the world, because now all we need is a pink cup.
Satan’s job has gotten easier since the days he offered Christ all the kingdoms of the world, if Jesus would just bow the knee and worship the old Devil.
Now, we have youngsters who will follow the old bird for a pink cup.
We are the educated generation—no silly idols for us!
Demons are masters of semantic manipulation. Now, idol worshipers are called the fanbase or the personalities’ fandom.
It doesn’t matter much which idol you worship, even if your idol is a witch.
Taylor Swift may now have the largest fandom in history and like most people who follow a crowd over torrent, crag, and cliff, it turns out that she has participated in some satanic cultism. Some people have suspicions that Swift is the daughter of Anton LaVey the author of the Satanic Bible.
In her latest offering referred to as “The Eras Tour” she is seen wearing dark costumes and presenting witchcraft and satanism.
The lure of fandom, for any celebrity or obedient little sycophant, is the feeling of belonging to something bigger than ourselves, perhaps bigger than life itself.
Since the foundations of American life began to crumble in the 1960’s, young people have tested many new waters, but to no avail. The vacuum inside us all is often described as “a God shaped vacuum.”
Nothing on earth can fill that space but the Holy Spirit of the living God.
Not only do we refuse to believe this, but we find it even harder to believe that everything we ever learned about life prior to salvation, came from the wicked one, otherwise better known as the god of this world. (2Co 4:4)
Two thousand years before TikTok, the Apostle Paul declared... “Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience” (Eph 2:2).
Now, all Satan needs to get into the minds of children is an endless display of foolishness and dance moves.
Media and the endless liberal narrative—A kind of TikTok for adults
Less than four percent of people in media and journalism are conservative. Like most people in this generation they have been tutored by progressive hacks from junior high school through graduate school. They make it easy to understand what Christ meant when he declared that most people would make wrong choices in life.
“Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it” (Matthew 7:13,14).
If the academics, the politicians, and the leaders of this world are believing the generational lies of the day, it is a problem of not knowing who their father is, rather than not knowing where their father is.
If they have Satan as their father, the problem is basically demonic not social, political, or academic.
Christ told the leaders of his day that they were the spawn of the Devil, what might he call those of this day?
“Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it” (John 8:44).
Photo: Flickr
To read more articles by Michael Bresciani click here.
New American Prophet is listed as one of the 30 best Christian Magazines to follow. Michael Bresciani is the editor of new.americanprophet.org since 2005. The website features the articles and reports of Bresciani along with some of America’s best writers and journalists. Visit us at USA.Life, Twitter and Facebook.