We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The newbies will cause a stir on the wards.
Everything's Gonna Be Okay star Kayla Cromer and Unsolved's Wavyy Jonez have joined the cast of The Good Doctor for season seven. 
The medical drama's farewell series premieres next month (February 20), following the departures of Hill Harper and Brandon Larracuente as Dr Marcus Andrews and Dr Danny Perez. 
ABC have since announced the additions of two third-year medical students. Charlene 'Charlie' Lukaitis (Cromer) and Dominick 'Dom' Hubank (Jonez) will begin their rotation at St Bonaventure's Hospital in the second episode of season seven, according to TVLine.
Related: The Good Doctor's Antonia Thomas stars in first-look trailer for new sitcom
Charlie is described as excited for her new rotation and the opportunity to work with her hero Dr Shaun Murphy, played by Freddie Highmore.
"Like Shaun, she has Autism Spectrum Disorder, and she has idolised him since she first saw the viral video of him saving a boy's life at the San Jose airport. Empowered and energetic, her passion for surgery may only be matched by her love for Taylor Swift," reads the character's official description. An important step for representation, Kayla has also been diagnosed with autism in real life.
Fellow third year Dom is "a gentle giant who was hoping this surgical rotation was just a box to check on his way to become the family doctor in his underserved community".
His description continues: "But this former football player learns he isn't as tough as he appears when he faints at the sight of blood. Too big to fail, Dom must overcome his newly discovered hemophobia, and will need his peer and friend Charlie to do so." 
Related: The Good Doctor star Osvaldo Benavides to lead Prime Video disaster drama series
The Good Doctor was confirmed to be ending after season seven earlier this month, shortly after its legal spin-off The Good Lawyer was cancelled by the network.
"The Good Doctor has been a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, but it's time to say goodbye. We are incredibly proud of the work we've done and the message we've been privileged to be a part of," said producers David Shore, Liz Friedman and Erin Gunn in a statement.
"We look forward to giving our fantastic fans, the truly extraordinary Freddie Highmore, the rest of our talented actors (and friends), and the best crew in the business the series ending that you all deserve."
The Good Doctor returns on Tuesday, February 20 on ABC in the US, and on Sky Witness and NOW in the UK.
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

Action-packed new UK drama reveals first look
Keeley Hawes to lead cast of new thriller
Good Doctor star breaks down series finale
The Good Doctor star reacts to shocking exit
The Good Doctor airs major character exit
Good Doctor s7 premiere confirms Hill Harper exit
The Good Doctor's creator on ending show
The Good Doctor releases trailer for final season
The Good Doctor confirmed to be ending
The Good Doctor star Hill Harper to exit show
Good Doctor spin-off The Good Lawyer cancelled
How to watch insomnia comedy series Still Up free
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.