By Katie Campione 
TV Reporter

	Like everyone else, the Saturday Night Live writers were wondering what was said between Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner at the Golden Globes.

	They took the opportunity to crack that code during Saturday’s episode, during a fake awards season Entertainment Tonight segment with host Jacob Elordi and Bowen Yang posing as professional lip readers to help dissect some viral moments.

	“His body language says he’s relaxed and a little horny,” posits Elordi of the clip of Jenner and Chalamet, with Yang adding: “The movement of her mouth will say that she’s talking.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Festivals
	



	
		
					ATX TV Festival Season 14 Adds 'Duster,' 'The Gilded Age' & 'Shrinking' Panels; John Slattery, Noah Hawley, Brett Goldstein & Zach Braff Join Events		
			















	News
	



	
		
					2025 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming		
			







	“Your mom is so nice…it’s crazy that she was married to Kanye,” Yang says, imitating Chalamet. As Jenner, Elordi responds, “Wait, do you think Kim is my mom?”

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	That wasn’t the only viral moment the pair lent their skills to. They also took a shot at translating a viral video of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce walking together in New York City.

	“It’s crazy we both work in football stadiums!” Elordi grunts, imitating Kelce. “Yes, and remember to vote. Vote early and vote often,” Yang says as Swift. “I love you Taylor!” Elordi’s Kelce responds.

	For the next clip, the crew got a bit of help from their “lesbian intern,” Renée Rapp, who said she was working with them as part of 40 hours of court-mandated media training, alluding to a joke on social media about her responses to reporters’ questions during the Mean Girls press tour.

	The clip in question? Gwyneth Paltrow’s ski crash trial.

	“So, you did the murder, right?” Elordi asks. “Yeah, I did it,” Rapp responds, as Paltrow. “I totally did, with a big knife.”

	Watch the full clip above.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.