Partly cloudy skies early with heavy thunderstorms developing this afternoon. A few storms may be severe. High 76F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%..
                                
Rain showers early becoming a steady light rain overnight. Low around 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 70%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:47 am
Andrea Zwaschka, left, and her mother, Lynne Richards, are shown at snowy Highmark Stadium in Orchard Park, New York, for last weekend’s NFL playoff game between the Buffalo Bills and Pittsburgh Steelers. The pair trek seven-plus-hours from New Hampshire to attend every Bills home game.
The road to the AFC Divisional Round showdown with Kansas City has been a long one for the Buffalo Bills.
The same could be said for a lifelong fan from New Hampshire, one-half of a mother-daughter duo who make the more-than-400-mile trek from Rindge to Orchard Park, New York, to attend every Bills home game.
Lynne Richards and her daughter Andrea Zwaschka will be at Highmark Stadium tonight(Sunday), and they have some advice for a certain superstar singer who may be there, too:
Enjoy your time in Buffalo, the City of Good Neighbors; respect Bills Mafia; and never — ever — order wings with anything but blue cheese dressing.
“I’m a Taylor Swift fan, so I hope for her sake she doesn’t dare eat a boneless wing or eat wings with ranch,” Zwaschka said. “That’s not allowed.”
At every home game, Lynne and Andrea can be found about 13 rows up in Section 334, right along the 45-yard line. Richards, 66, bought the season tickets about eight years ago after moving to Massachusetts, then to Rindge, from Texas.
“I bought the tickets before we even had the house,” Richards said. “I looked at the distance and said, ‘Hmmm, seven to eight hours away? That’s close enough.’ I bought the tickets and haven’t looked back.”
Richards grew up in Newfane, New York, about 45 miles north of One Bills Drive.
“I was born a Bills fan; it’s hereditary,” Richards jokes. “I’m three years older than the team — I was born in 1957, the team was born in 1960.”
Growing up, her family was “very much into football,” and while they didn’t have season tickets, her dad would often get seats from his company. After going to a game and watching Joe Namath pace the sidelines for the New York Jets (he was injured and didn’t play), Richards was hooked.
After she moved to Texas, her brother purchased Bills season tickets and was able to pick up extra tickets in the postseason for her.
“I made it to every single playoff game through the early ’90s, coming from Texas,” Richards said.
Nowadays, Andrea drives up from her home in Tewksbury, Mass., to her mom’s house in Rindge on home game weekends. The pair load up on tailgate supplies and point their vehicle west for the long drive. Travel time varies between seven hours for a straight shot across Interstate 90, or about 10 hours via scenic Route 20 out of Albany.
The games are fun, but both women agree the time spent together on these road trips — at least eight times a season — is priceless.
“I really can’t put into words how special that time is to me,” Zwaschka said. “Not everyone has a relationship with their mom that’s as close as ours is. We talk about anything and everything. We’ve debated politics, religion, our takes on the Bills, and we also laugh a ton.
“It gives us time to talk about what’s going on in our individual lives, and it means the world to me to have that lifeline.”
If the Bills play at 1 p.m. on a Sunday, the women head back east when the game ends. Primetime games require an overnight stay at a local hotel.
“She’s a ball of energy, just as crazy at the games as I am, if not more,” Richards said. “She yells and screams and we just have the best time. We laugh, sometimes we cry, and she’s always teaching me something because I’m a boomer and not up on things.”
“I’m sure I get on her nerves from time to time because I can be pretty strong-willed, but she tells me every weekend how much she loves that I do this with her,” Zwaschka said. “It’s much more than a love of a game for us. It’s time well-spent that I’ll always be grateful for.”
Bills Mafia, as the team’s fandom is known, is often depicted on game broadcasts and social media as wild partygoers, jumping through flaming tables and such. Richards said she and her daughter aren’t big drinkers — “when it’s cold she brings some vodka to put in the hot chocolate, but that’s about it” — but they love being among their people.
“It’s a fanbase that is always first to offer a helping hand and be good neighbors,” Zwaschka said. “There’s just a family feel around Buffalo that is unlike any other. For those of us who don’t live in Buffalo, I think the Bills were bad for so long during the (playoff) drought, that any time we see a Bills flag or car sticker or shirt, we get so excited to shout ‘Go Bills!’ at each other.
“I’ve had someone stop me in the Market Basket parking lot because they saw my Bills sticker and wanted to meet me,” she said. “We cling to each other out here in the wild, especially in Patriots country.”
The Bills played in four straight Super Bowls in the early ’90s, coming up short of the Vince Lombardi Trophy each time.
This year’s team, led by quarterback Josh Allen — whom one sports host described as a “human monster truck with the soul of a labradoodle that’s fueled by Four Loko” — has a different vibe to it, Richards says.
How far can they go this postseason?
“When they were 6-6, I said to my daughter, ‘What if the Super Bowl run isn’t obvious?’” Richards said. “‘What if it doesn’t have a 10-1 start? What if it starts now?’ The way they stick together, and when they play the way they can, no one can beat them.”
Zwaschka has a simpler answer.
“Super. Bowl. That’s it.”
pfeely@unionleader.com

                            Share your opinion with New Hampshire.  Letters to the editor may be up to 250 words.  Longer opinions of up to 800 words can be emailed to opinion@unionleader.com along with a headshot.
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.