Back in October, Norman Reedus wore a lovely velvet suit to the New York City Ballet, marking one of the few times in recent memory we’ve seen the Walking Dead star look as cool without being covered in prop blood.
On Thursday, Reedus continued his cleans-up-nice journey on the runway at Paris Fashion Week, where the erstwhile fictional zombie slayer modeled two looks from legendary Japanese designer Yohji Yamamoto’s latest menswear collection: The first was a romantic layered ensemble featuring khaki waistcoat with tactile pockets and cascading ribbons, a chambray overshirt, and swishy plum-hued trousers, followed by a black overcoat set with tufted phrases like “Can’t Exit Without Each Other” embroidered on the torso and “Entertaining People” wrapped around the knee. German director Wim Wenders, a longtime Yamamoto collaborator, also walked in the show; one of his looks included a full ankle-length skirt with his own name printed on it.
Norman Reedus walks the runway during Yohji Yamamoto's fall 2024 menswear show.
(In contrast with the lived-in, “old bohemian” mood of Yamamoto’s clothes, the show’s soundtrack was surprisingly contemporary—tracks included Radiohead’s “Creep,” Dua Lipa’s “Levitating,” and Taylor Swift’s “Lover.”)
Despite his compelling cheekbones, this appears to be Reedus’s runway debut. He once posed for a Prada print ad back in 1997, which he later credited with putting him on the map as an actor: “I had done a few films, just I think more people saw the Prada campaign than those films,” he told talk show host Kelly Ripa in 2016. His son with model Helena Christensen, 24-year-old Mingus Reedus, has also forged a runway career.
Elsewhere in Paris on Thursday, Reedus’s wife Diane Kruger enjoyed a jaunt down the runway at Alexandre Mattiussi’s Ami, the French label that also happens to be responsible for a semi-viral polo sweater worn by actor Jacob Elordi in a recent Saturday Night Live promo spot. “Never felt shorter in my life,” the five-foot-seven actress joked about her catwalk moment, which is probably not a sentiment six-foot-five Elordi would experience, were he to walk in a fashion show.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices