Manage your account
A suspected stalker was reportedly arrested outside Taylor Swift’s New York city home on Saturday.
The man was seen peering into the singer’s lobby and attempting to enter the building, US media reported.
He was later photographed being led away in handcuffs by officers from the New York Police Department (NYPD).
He appeared to be in his 20s or 30s, with unkempt dark hair and a light hoodie.
A spokesperson for the NYPD confirmed an unidentified man was apprehended on Saturday afternoon on Swift’s street in Tribeca, in Manhattan.
Officers received an emergency call reporting a “disorderly person” attempting to gain access to an apartment lobby.
While the NYPD did not confirm which building the man was attempting to enter, eye witnesses told the gossip site Page Six it was Swift’s building.
“I first saw him around 1 pm — he went up to Taylor’s door,” one eyewitness told the website. “I’m not sure if he knocked or rang the doorbell.”
A second eye witness told Page Six the man had been lurking in the vicinity “for a month”.
The suspect was taken into custody on an active warrant for failing to answer a summons from 2017, the NYPD told the Daily Mail.
It is unclear if Swift, 34, was home at the time. The pop star was spotted at the Electric Lady recording studio in Manhattan on Thursday.
The billionaire singer has faced issues with stalkers in the past, leading organisers at her world-wide “Eras” tour to install facial recognition software.
The recordings of attendees were sent 2,000 miles away to a command centre in Nashville and cross-checked against a database of hundreds of known stalkers, according to Rolling Stone.
In 2018, a stalker broke into Swift’s New York city home where police found the 22-year-old asleep. He was arrested on charges of stalking, burglary, criminal mischief and trespassing.
Swift was not home at the time.
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 1 month, then enjoy 1 year for just $9 with our US-exclusive offer.