Referee selected for Chiefs vs. Ravens sparks questions. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)AP
Upon learning about the NFL assigning Shawn Smith to referee the AFC Championship Game between the Chiefs and the Ravens, theories began to circulate.
On Tuesday, Warren Sharp, a football analyst, broke down the many reasons why Smith’s appointment favors Kansas City. He also entertained the possibility that the NFL could be trying to use a certain A-list celebrity to increase viewership in the Super Bowl — as if it needs it — and to sell more merchandise.
BUY NFL TICKETS: STUBHUB, VIVID SEATS, TICKETMASTER
According to Sharp, home teams have a 55.4 win percentage since Smith entered the league as a referee. That number drops to 40.8% when Smith refs the game.
The disparity between Smith and the other referees is steep when factoring in point spread.
“Across the NFL in the last three seasons, home teams have covered 49.4% of spreads. ... Under Smith, home teams are only 17-29-3 against the spread (37.0%) in the last three years,” Sharp wrote.
One of the reasons, according to Sharp, is that Smith tends to penalize the home team at a higher rate than his counterparts. One example: The number of false starts.
“Leaguewide over the last three seasons, in games Smith did not officiate... 4.6% more false start penalties (were called) on the road team,” Sharp wrote.
Conversely, in games Smith does officiate, he “has called 34.8% more false starts on the home teams,” Sharp added.
So why did the NFL select such a polarizing referee to officiate a game that will determine the AFC’s participant in the Super Bowl? The answer is unclear, but Sharp warns of the conspiracies that will fly because of it. Especially one involving the sideshow that follows the Chiefs wherever they go.
“And it certainly doesn’t help with conspiracy theories that the NFL would like nothing more than to see new Chiefs #1 fan Taylor Swift and her legendary fan base of the Swifties in the Super Bowl and buying up all the Super Bowl merchandise,” he wrote.
Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.
Manuel Gomez may be reached at mgomez@njadvancemedia.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices