Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Buffalo Bills kicker Tyler Bass has deleted his social media accounts after he apparently received online threats following his missed game-tying field goal in Sunday's divisional playoff loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
The bullying has prompted a nonprofit cat adoption group, Ten Lives Club, to raise money on behalf of Bass.
In a statement on Facebook, the group called Bass a “friend” who took time to help it and rescue cats last year.
"WE STAND WITH TYLER BASS. DON’T BULLY OUR FRIEND We just heard the terrible news that Tyler Bass is receiving threats after yesterday’s game and our phones are ringing off the hook from people who want to donate $22 to Ten Lives Club in Tyler’s name," Ten Lives Club said.
The group added: "Tyler doesn’t deserve any of the hate he’s receiving. He’s an excellent football player and an even better person who took the time to help our organization and rescue cats last year. Leave our friend alone."
Searches for Bass' social media accounts Tuesday on Instagram and X prompted messages that said the accounts don't exist or may have been removed.
Ten Lives Club is a non-kill organization with a goal of reducing the number of cats that are euthanized because of overpopulation, according to its website.
The Bills were down 27-24 at home in Highmark Stadium in Orchard Park, New York, when Bass missed a 44-yard field goal that went wide right. The Chiefs, the reigning Super Bowl champs, won the game by the same score, earning a spot in the AFC championship game against the Baltimore Ravens.
The words "wide right" have been two of the cruelest to the Bills and their fans, better known as the Bills Mafia.
During the 1991 Super Bowl, Bills kicker Scott Norwood missed what would have been a winning 47-yard field goal against the New York Giants. The Giants won 20-19.
The Bills then went on to lose the next three Super Bowls, making their mark in the annals of sports infamy.
Sunday’s game also captured the attention of the nation not only because of the drama on the field, but also for the actions of pop star Taylor Swift, who is dating the Chiefs’ superstar tight end, Travis Kelce. Swift was joined in a suite by Kelce’s brother, Jason Kelce, who was shirtless, pounding beers and jumping into the stands from the suite while he interacted with fans.
Antonio Planas is a breaking news reporter for NBC News Digital. 
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC