Right now pro-athlete and influencer hottie Paige inspires our midday peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
Another KC Restaurant Week is in the books and despite a slow start because of subzero temperatures, organizers are happy with a strong finish.
The game between Kansas City and Buffalo was the most-watched TV program since Super Bowl LVII.
A brand new Margaritaville Hotel is set to open in Kansas City, Kansas, in spring of 2025 at the northeast corner of I-70 and I-435.
In addition to the new terminal at KCI, travelers have two recent international nonstops and a host of returning and never-before-served domestic destinations to choose from as 2024 gets underway. Here's a look at the recent changes and two flights scheduled to begin this summer.
Politicians are public servants. That's it. That is their job description. And every election cycle is a wonderful opportunity for voters to remind elected officials who really has power and who they really work for. It's our opportunity to hold them accountable. Our government "of the people, by the people, for the people" - in [...]
The GOP-supermajority has approved a 'flat tax' plan to cut income, sales and property taxes by nearly $1.6 billion over the next three years.
Missouri is inching closer to finally being able to place wagers on the sporting event that pulls in the most sports bets every year.
The Hall of Fame's first-ever permanent home will be built inside the Museum at Prairiefire
In October Clarkson complained that the NFL was showing way too much of Brittany Mahomes' new friend, Taylor Swift, at Chiefs games. Will she ask Mahomes about that this week?
Busty golf beauty Paige Spiranac appeared to be spilling out of her low-cut dress as she spoke to followers about the highs and lows of playing such a topsy-turvy sport
They will say reproductive freedom is threatened by Donald Trump and the GOP.
It's not off to a great start.
"The fellas are going to doing what the fellas are going to do."
Sen. Josh Hawley (R-Mo.) isn't backing down from his standoff with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) over two McConnell-backed nominees to the Federal Trade Commission and National Transportation Safety Board. Hawley is standing firm despite growing pressure from Senate GOP colleagues, including Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas), the senior Republican on the Commerce Committee, who...
Monday was the deadliest day for Israel since the start of its ground operation.
Straddling the frontlines, the small town of Avdiivka has become the epicenter of the war in Ukraine. Still in Ukrainian hands - just - it's enclosed on three sides by Russian troops and cannons.
Authorities could use 2tn yuan from offshore accounts of state firms to buy shares after big falls in stocks
CAKE. // Courtesy band Since 1991, Sacramento's CAKE has being making a genre of rock music all their own. Formed as a sort of reaction to how loud and stupid 90s rock radio sounded to lead singer John McCrea, the band has carved out an incredible niche.
The Johnson County Library announced the Merriam Plaza Library will officially open its doors on March 20, replacing the Antioch branch.
The Kansas City metro area has a wide variety of restaurants with vegan and vegetarian options. We have several restaurants that have all vegan menus and others where vegan options constitute half of the menu. If you like vegan baked goods and desserts, Kansas City delivers.
The Lenexa Public Market's Mexican street food vendor Red Kitchen will transition to its own brick and mortar store front this February.
Photography Blog
Kansas City Current fans have high hopes for the 2024 National Women's Soccer League season, and now, they can enjoy High Hopes Ice Cream while at CPKC Stadium.
Today is a First Alert Weather Impact Day
Dom Dolla - Saving Up is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management