By 

	Kalia Richardson


Becky G got emotional Tuesday, after learning Flamin’ Hot’s “The Fire Inside” received an original song Oscar nomination. The Mexican-American artist, dressed in a Taylor Swift The Eras Tour crewneck, fought back tears in a Instagram video, as she expressed her gratitude for working on the film alongside its talented crew. 

	“This film, this team, this song represents something close to my heart,” Becky said in the video. “It is my heart. This is literally one of my dreams coming true in front of the world, so I just wanted to share that with you guys and and say thank you. Thank you.”
A post shared by Becky G (@iambeckyg)

	Written by Diane Warren and performed by Becky G, “The Fire Inside,” is up against American Symphony’s “It Never Went Away,” Killers of the Flower Moon’s “Wahzhazhe,” along with two Barbie hits “I’m Just Ken” and “What Was I Made For?” (The Oscars will take place on March 10, and will be hosted by Jimmy Kimmel. See the full list of nominations here.)

	










Flamin’ Hot, which marks Eva Longoria‘s feature-directing debut, follows Richard Montañez on his journey from being a janitor to the mastermind behind a Cheeto flavor that expands the chip manufacturer’s reach. 

	Becky also congratulated Warren and Longoria, “When icons like Diane and Eva invite you to be a part of anything, YOU SAY YES OK???? Thank you for trusting me to bring part of this vision to life.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	









	
	
		
					Could 100 Men Beat a Gorilla in a Fight? Here's What Primatologists Say		
	








	Becky got her start as a child actor at age nine and jumpstarted her music career with English-language hits like “Shower” in 2014.  Later, Becky leaped to pop and reggaeton hits creating a bilingual discography. In an interview for Rolling Stone‘s Musicians on Musicians issue in October, Becky told Thalía that her performance at Coachella encouraged her to create her latest mariachi album Esquinas, a sound rooted in her heritage. 

	“You don’t get to soundcheck for Coachella,” Becky told Rolling Stone. “I didn’t get to see my set or anything before. You’re working through tech stuff in real time. But I like to visualize myself in those spaces, so I felt so serene and prepared. I knew what I was representing on that stage. And it was, to me, the 200 percent. I’m 100 percent proud to be from Inglewood, from L.A., but I’m also 100 percent proud to be Mexican.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.