Chris Young's start to 2024 has taken a quick turn in the wrong direction. He was arrested on Monday night (1/22) in Nashville, Tennessee.
As reported by WSMV, the country singer was at Tin Roof on Demonbreun Street when he was charged with disorderly conduct, assaulting an officer, and resisting arrest. Young was sitting at the bar when the Alcoholic Beverage Commission was inside the Midtown bar, completing a compliance check.
The affidavit obtained by WSMV states that the 38-year-old began asking questions once his identification was checked at the bar. WSMV has also reported that the "Right Now" singer began recording the agents and decided to follow them over to the next bar, which was DawgHouse Saloon.
Young was with a group of people at Dawg House when the "atmosphere in the bar turned hostile." Once Young tried to stop "them from leaving when they were done" he "struck" one of the officers.
WSMV reveals that the Metro Nashville Police had to physically detain Young at the DawgHouse Saloon.
Young, who is a frequent visitor of Nashville area bars, posted a photo with three others on his Instagram stories earlier in the day captioned, "Wrote some great stuff with these boys today!"
On Thursday (1/18), Young even stopped in at Bootleggers Inn on Broadway and performed on stage. He shared a video to Instagram with the caption, "Nashville be like..."
Young is known for his hits, including "I'm Comin' Over," "Famous Friends," and "Losing Sleep," among many others. He recently announced that he will release his ninth studio album, Young Love & Saturday Nights, on March 22.
At the top of last year, Young released two tracks, including “Looking For You” and “All Dogs Go To Heaven.” His highly-anticipated ninth studio album, coming in March, follows his 2021 album Famous Friends, which featured collaborations with labelmates Kane Brown and Mitchell Tenpenny.
Chris Young has been scoring consistent number-one songs in country music since he won the Nashville Star in 2006. To date, his song chart-topping success is at eleven.
Young recently praised fellow Tennessean and country star Jelly Roll. He said of his friend's success, "I'm just not even going to talk about me because, at this point, I just want to talk about him. And how welcoming and awesome and polite and nice that guy is. And you know, he's just having such a cool run right now."
He added, "I remember talking about this music he's putting out like, I think, well over a year ago. And it's just amazing to see him having the moment he's having. "
In the same interview, Chris cited a hero of his. He said, "A female artist that has definitely influenced me from the perspective of the stage show, vocalist, performance, and just how much she has accomplished in her career that I look up to is Reba McEntire. If you make a Mount Rushmore of country music, I have a whole lot of reasons why she should be on there."
He added, "And she's just a fantastic person and a fantastic artist. Another woman in the music industry that has really had a profound impact on me, especially from a songwriting perspective, is Liz Rose (frequent Taylor Swift collaborator). I got a chance to meet her really early on in my career, and obviously, she's had so many hits, so many hits. But just being in a room with her, being able to learn from her, I feel incredibly lucky to have that opportunity, and to have someone that's that adept at songwriting help me learn and help guide me as a songwriter and an artist."
As Chris celebrates his 38th birthday today (6/12) with his latest radio single, "Looking For You," entering the Top twenty on the country charts, we countdown what we believe are his finest songs.
It became Young's sixth number-one single on the Country Airplay chart dated November 28, 2015. Chris wrote the song himself and it was released as the lead single to his fifth studio album of the same name.
Teaming up with Vince Gill, the song depicts a man who appears to be recovering from a hangover but who is actually "adapting to a new normal" without the influence of alcohol.
In the song, per the title, Chris describes the kind of man he wants to be. The first verse finds him realizing that he hasn't been the man he should ("I've spent my whole life gettin' it all wrong") and describing that he wants God's help to change.
This song was first released in 2008 when it charted at number 37 on the Billboard Country Singles chart. Feeling the song was missed by radio, Young made the bold move of re-releasing the song in 2010 and the song got a new life going all the way to number one.
"Neon" received positive reviews from critics who praised the production, lyrics, and Chris’ vocal performance. It did however stop Young's five consecutive number-one hit run on the US Hot Country Songs chart, peaking at number 23.
A fun song that has a video showing Chris hanging out at a bar behind the beverage door of a convenience store.
Young’s debut single. It was released following his winning season 4 of ‘Nashville Star.’ The song is a ballad about drinking alcohol at a bar to cope with the heartache of losing a girlfriend/wife.
The video for the song shows Young and his band going into a recording studio to record the song, while the tension and pulses from the song create a strange windstorm all over Nashville and around them.
Chris wrote this emotional song in tribute to one of his friends, Adam, who died in a car accident.
"Think of You" was nominated for Best Country Duo/Group Performance at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
Young said of his duet with Kane Brown, "Kane and I have gotten to know each other over the years, from him being on tours with me, from us writing together, from me guesting on his album in the past. All of this stuff came together. 'Famous Friends' is fun, it's super up-tempo and I got to sing with my buddy Kane. All of this worked out as perfect as it possibly could on one song.”
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!