Tom Westerholm is a Life & Trends Reporter for Newsweek based in Michigan. His work is focused on reporting on trending topics. Tom joined Newsweek in 2023 from Boston.com and previously worked at MassLive. You can get in touch with Tom by emailing t.westerholm@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift isn't universally popular in the football universe by any means, but while dads, Brads and Chads might be sick of seeing her on TV every week, she left a good impression on a number of people in Buffalo last week when she showed up to watch Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs take on the Bills.
One stadium worker told Buffalo TV station WKBW that Swift left her a $100 tip and that she was "a sweetie pie."
"Very down to earth," Jerris Rainey told WKBW. "I just wanted to just see her, and she, you know, she stopped, and she asked me if I worked at the stadium. I said yes. And she asked if she could give me a tip. And she gave me $100 and then she asked if I wanted to take a picture with her and I said yes."
Swift's suite, meanwhile, was lively throughout the game.
Swift herself seemed to be having a good time, but the liveliest member of the suite was Travis' brother Jason, who accomplished an impressive feat: Drawing as much attention as Swift. Jason was, of course, cheering for the Chiefs, but he stopped by tailgates outside the stadium and partied with Bills fans. During the game, he cheered loudly, hanging out the window of the suite with a Bud Light, and he even jumped over the barricade and made his way into the crowd on multiple occasions. 
One of Kelce's leaps into the crowd produced a nice moment: The Eagles' center spotted a little girl with a sign, and he scooped her up so she could show Swift. The sign read "Buffalo Bills + Taylor Swift = Best First Game Ever," according to the girl's family, who spoke to USA Today.

"It was just magical," the girl's mother told the outlet. "It was the most amazing thing I've ever seen. She came back and started crying happy tears and it was so cool. He was so nice with her."
The 8-year-old told Today that the moment was "amazing."

Swift has flown around the country to several visiting stadiums, where her presence leaves a big impression. Patriots fans both cheered and booed when she visited New England, while Packers fans were largely positive (especially one Packers fan who got her attention with a sign).
The Chiefs edged the Bills 27-24, advancing to the AFC Championship Game on Sunday. They will travel to Baltimore to take on Lamar Jackson and the Ravens. How Baltimore responds to Swift's likely presence remains to be seen. 
Tom Westerholm is a Life & Trends Reporter for Newsweek based in Michigan. His work is focused on reporting on trending topics. Tom joined Newsweek in 2023 from Boston.com and previously worked at MassLive. You can get in touch with Tom by emailing t.westerholm@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Tom Westerholm is a Life & Trends Reporter for Newsweek based in Michigan. His work is focused on reporting on trending topics. Tom joined Newsweek in 2023 from Boston.com and previously worked at MassLive. You can get in touch with Tom by emailing t.westerholm@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Tom Westerholm is a Life & Trends Reporter for Newsweek based in Michigan. His work is focused on reporting on trending                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC