THE NORTHLAND'S #1 HIT MUSIC MIX
Exciting news arrived this week from the Minnesota Department of Transportation when they announced that after recently taking new name submissions, the finalists have been chosen and the public voting is open for the 2023-24 Name A Snowplow contest.
According to MnDOT, they received more than 8,000 snowplow name submissions in December. After reviewing all the suggested names, their staff selected 50 finalists for the public voting period, which is open now through Sunday, January 28.
In deciding the 50 finalists, the agency considered various factors, including uniqueness, frequency of submissions, Minnesota-specific ideas, and names that would be easily identifiable and understandable to most audiences.
Below are the names that MnDOT has chosen as finalists for the 2023-2024 contest. As usual, there are some very creative names to choose from so it's a good thing that you can vote for more than one when you cast your vote.
The link to vote is waiting below but first, take a look at this impressive list. Among the clever entries are a reference to Barbie and other movies, Taylor Swift, and even two Alice Cooper-inspired choices.
Voting is open now, but don't wait to cast your vote as it will only remain open through Sunday, January 28. You can click the button below to vote. Keep in mind that you can only vote once and you can select up to eight of your favorite names.
The winning names will be announced in late January. Minnesotans are encouraged to follow @mndot on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for updates on the Name a Snowplow contest, as well as for winter weather alerts, safety messages, project updates, and more.
This is MnDOT’s fourth Name a Snowplow contest. In addition to the 24 named snowplows selected through previous contests, MnDOT staff have also helped to name three additional snowplows: Giiwedin-The North Wind; Goonodaabaan-Snow Vehicle (both Ojibwe); and Icamna-Blizzard (Dakota) in acknowledgment of the highways the state plows adjacent to tribal lands.
Gallery Credit: KATELYN LEBOFF
Gallery Credit: Laura Ratliff