MYNORTHWEST NEWS
Jan 23, 2024, 12:14 PM
Taylor Swift is seen on January 18, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Gotham/GC Images)
(Photo by Gotham/GC Images)
BY FRANK SUMRALL
MyNorthwest Content Editor
A 33-year-old man from Seattle was arrested Monday after allegedly “acting erratically” near Taylor Swift’s home in New York City.
David Crowe was charged with two counts of harassment and stalking each.
“Officers were approached by multiple complainants who pointed out an emotionally disturbed male acting erratically at the location,” the New York Police Department relayed in a prepared statement. “Once officers observed the male harassing multiple complainants, they took him to custody without further incidents; no injuries were reported.”
More on WA residents stalking: Trump’s alleged post revealing Obama’s address led to arrest of armed Washington resident near area
Swift was not at the home at the time of Crowe’s harassment, as she was watching the Kansas City Chiefs play the Buffalo Bills last weekend in Buffalo. Swift and Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce entered a high-profile relationship last year.
Swift has been a target of stalking for years, including numerous people approaching her homes or even trying to break inside. In 2018, Roger Alvarado from Florida attempted to break into her New York home using a shovel. Two months later, Alvarado successfully broke in, according to CNN. He used her shower and slept in her bed once he broke in. He was arrested and served nine months in jail.
Alvarado broke into Swift’s home again following his release from prison. He was given a two to four-year prison sentence when he was captured again.
In 2020, Eric Swarbrick from Texas was imprisoned for 30 months after he sent threatening letters to Swift’s former record label. In 2022, Morgan Mank from Virginia drunkenly crashed his car into her New York building and attempted to gain entry.
Mitchell Taebel from Indiana was arrested last year after sending Swift a series of threatening messages and appearing outside her Nashville home in 2023. He was charged with stalking, intimidation, invasion of privacy and harassment. The following month, Kimberly Meyer was arrested outside her Rhode Island home, having previously been warned to stay away from it. Additionally, Swift filed a protection order against Joshua Christian from Brooklyn after he visited her homes in New York and Tennessee.
More on stalking: Renton detectives investigating cases of stalking with Apple AirTags
Swift talked with Elle Magazine all the way back in 2019 about the toll of her recent stalking incidents.
“My fear of violence has continued into my personal life. I carry QuikClot army-grade bandage dressing, which is for gunshot or stab wounds,” Swift told the magazine. “Websites and tabloids have taken it upon themselves to post every home address I’ve ever had online. You get enough stalkers trying to break into your house and you kind of start prepping for bad things. Every day I try to remind myself of the good in the world, the love I’ve witnessed and the faith I have in humanity. We have to live bravely in order to truly feel alive, and that means not being ruled by our greatest fears.”
Frank Sumrall

                                    “Rust" is finally in theaters, but unfortunately, its incapable of escaping the tragedy that was the on-set death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins.                                
3 hours ago
Frank Lenzi

                                    A man shot a suspected burglar in the leg early Friday morning at an apartment complex in Seattle.                                 
14 hours ago
Frank Lenzi

                                    A Bernese Mountain Dog had a ruff day last week. It somehow got stuck on some cold, wet rocks at Tacoma Chinese Reconciliation Park. Police came and saved the dog.                                
15 hours ago
Julia Dallas

                                    UW will have to disclose the names of its animal welfare committee to PETA after a 3-year-long legal battle.                                
16 hours ago
James Lynch

                                    Cowlitz Tribe Police Chief Charles Gardiner found dead from self-inflicted gunshot, investigation linked to possible sex crime.                                
16 hours ago
Julia Dallas

                                    MOPOP is offering a rare opportunity to see Princess Diana's memorabilia before it's sold at auction.                                
17 hours ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."