Here is a comprehensive list of the makeup products Taylor Swift uses.Chris Pizzello
Taylor Swift is always on the mind, especially when it comes to her makeup.
When the pop icon hits the stage, to the moment she finishes singing “Karma,” her signature red lip and eyeliner are pristine.
Read more: What red lipstick does Taylor Swift wear?
Even after her legendary rain shows, her makeup is left untouched, without a smear in sight.
Swift has always been very secretive about what she uses on her face, but luckily, we now have some answers.
Taylor Swift friendship bracelet ideas to wear to the ‘Eras Tour’ in 2024
Pat McGrath Labs previously joined forces with the singer to launch their “Taylor-Made” kits, which are comprised of her favorite products from the brand.
Taylor’s MUA and the founder of the makeup brand wants to share with you Swift’s tried and true products, so you can feel like Swift on your day-to-day.
Here is a complete list of the makeup products Taylor Swift has used. If you’re not big into makeup, you can also check out the jewelry that Taylor previously wore to support her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, at a Kansas City Chiefs game. It is surprisingly affordable!
Read More: 20 Taylor Swift gifts for the Swiftie in your life
Pat McGrath
Price: $165
In this lip kit, you won’t only receive Swift’s signature red lip, but also the lip combination she used in her “Bejeweled” music video.
This is almost always sold out now, but you can snag Taylor’s signature red Pat McGrath MatteTrance™ Lipstick in Elson at Nordstrom for $39. 
Pat McGrath
Price: $165
A red, liquid lip is a must for Taylor Swift and all her Swifties.
Pat McGrath
Price: $66
You’ll make the whole world shimmer when you use this palette.
Pat McGrath
Price: $50
You’ll have that Taylor Swift glow the second you put this on.
Pat McGrath
Price: $35
“Draw the cat eye sharp enough” that Taylor Swift can see it from the “Eras Tour” stage.
Pat McGrath
Price: $39
All you need is “red lips and rosy cheeks” to master Swift’s makeup look.
Pat McGrath
Price: $34
Once you get the cat eye, long lashes are a must.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices