ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 10: Dolly Parton attends the 61st Annual GRAMMY Awards at Staples ... More Center on February 10, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images)
Dolly Parton is one of a relatively small number of country musicians who have won at least 10 Grammys. The legendary artist may have already earned double-digit trophies, but she’s still looking for more.
At the 2024 Grammys, Parton is up for just one award–Best Country Solo Performance. She’s nominated for her cover of Tom Paxton’s song "The Last Thing on My Mind,” which she’s covered before early in her career. If she can claim the category this year, it will mark not only her first win in the field, but she’ll join a very exclusive club of women who have managed to do so.
If "The Last Thing on My Mind" is named the champion, Parton will be just the fifth woman to win the relatively new Best Country Solo Performance Grammy. She’ll be in fantastic company, and she’ll show that she can still create great work, just like many contemporary country acts who are much younger than she is.
Taylor Swift was the first musician to win the Best Country Solo Performance Grammy. She earned the honor in 2012 with her Red single “Mean,” which was one of her last nominations in the country categories.
Women doubled up in 2013, when Carrie Underwood was named the second champion in the field. That year, she snagged the honor with her single “Blown Away.” She also became the first female artist to claim the honor twice, as she took the prize home in 2015 for her track “Something in the Water.”
Since Underwood’s reign, two other female superstars have won this Grammy. Maren Morris landed her first–and so far, only–trophy in 2017 with “My Church.” Kacey Musgraves followed her two years later with her Best Country Solo Performance winner “Butterflies.”
The Recording Academy combined three other categories–Best Female Country Vocal Performance, Best Male Country Vocal Performance, and Best Country Instrumental Performance–to make this new, streamlined vertical more than a decade ago. Since then, the list of winners has been split fairly evenly between male and female stars, and Parton is hoping to top the scales a bit more in the direction of the ladies.
Parton could very well win this Grammy, but she’s up against some of the best and brightest in country music today. She’s competing with Tyler Childers, Luke Combs, Brandy Clark, and Chris Stapleton, and all of those artists have created fantastic tunes that may sway voters in their direction.