Cara Delevingne also makes an appearance
Taylor Swift is in her WAG era.
The superstar has fully immersed herself in the NFL sphere, now that she is dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, and has therefore become close with not only Kelce’s family, but also the rest of the WAGs (wives and girlfriends of pro football players).
This Monday, Brittany Mahomes—wife of Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes—shared two backstage photos of herself with Swift and several other NFL girlfriends and supporters. Model and actor Cara Delevingne, a longtime friend of Swift’s, also snuck in.
In the photo, which Mahomes shared on her Instagram Story, the women (except for Delevingne) are matching in white-and-red outfits—the Chiefs’ official colors. Swift wears an oversize white team sweatshirt with red details, plus black pants and her signature red lip.
Mahomes wears a bright red puffer jacket with a black top, red leather pants, and a fuzzy black hat. Delevingne—evidently there to support her pop-star friend—is casual in a white T-shirt, black pants, a cozy gray coat, and a beige beanie.
Swift’s recent WAG style streak has been nothing short of inspiring. Earlier this month, for example, she supported Kelce at his game against the Miami Dolphins while wearing a custom cherry-red puffer coat emblazoned with her man’s name and jersey number, 87, in white and yellow. Also decorating the jacket were the words Chiefs Kingdom, which the Chiefs quarterback recently told CBS Mornings’ Nate Burleson Swift is a part of. Swift’s one-of-a-kind creation was designed by Kristin Juszczyk—another talented WAG—who is married to San Francisco 49ers fullback Kyle Juszczyk. 
Rosa Sanchez is the senior news editor at Harper's Bazaar, working on news as it relates to entertainment, fashion, and culture. Previously, she was a news editor at ABC News and, prior to that, a managing editor of celebrity news at American Media. She has also written features for Rolling Stone, Teen Vogue, Forbes, and The Hollywood Reporter, among other outlets. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.