Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A vintage cartoon about Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer has resurfaced and people are comparing it to Taylor Swift and Jason Kelce.
The "Bad Blood" singer and Philadelphia Eagles player were hanging out together at Orchard Park on Sunday to cheer on Travis Kelce, who is her boyfriend and Jason's younger brother. Travis was helping the Kansas City Chiefs get closer to the Super Bowl with a win over the Buffalo Bills.
Swift began dating Travis Kelce in 2023 and was hanging out with Jason in a private box at the stadium along with his wife, Kylie Kelce, and Brittany Mahomes, the wife of Chiefs' quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
One X, formerly Twitter user, captured a picture of Jason and Swift and posted it side by side with a still from the 1964 stop motion kids' show, Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer, which aired on NBC.
The still showed the character Hermey, a small blonde boy, talking to prospector Yukon Cornelius, who is a tall, well built man with a bushy beard and matching hair.
"just gonna leave this here..." wrote the X user who posted the images, implying there was a striking similarity between the characters in the kids' show and Jason and Swift.
just gonna leave this here… pic.twitter.com/2MBYJJERym
It quickly led to a range of reactions with one person writing, "I can't unsee this......"
"This is PERFECT!!" added another person.
A third commented: "OMG THATS SUCH A CUTE COMPARISON."
Jason managed to go viral during the Chiefs game against the Bills when he ripped off his shirt and began downing Bud Light beer.
He got excited when his brother scored the first of his two touchdowns for the game and celebrated in exuberant style, with Swift hiding her face with her hands and laughing.
Since going public with her relationship with Travis Kelce, Swift's fans, known as Swifties, have embraced his entire family, including Jason.
They issued an outpouring of emotion and support for the Eagles player who was seen in tears after his team suffered a season-ending loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on January 15.
It was made even more painful as rumors swirled of an imminent retirement announcement from the 36-year-old.
But he shut down the gossip on the podcast he hosts with Travis called New Heights.
"I just don't think you're in the position after a game like that to really make that decision, I just don't," he said. "There's too much emotion in the moment to fully really grasp that decision."
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC