A man has been arrested and charged with harassment and stalking after returning to Taylor Swift's New York home for the second time in three days.
David Crowe, who originally comes from Seattle, was arrested on Monday following complaints about an "emotionally disturbed male acting erratically". The 33-year-old was charged with two counts of harassment and stalking.
Taylor's security team quickly intervened when Crowe was seen hanging around outside her home and notified police officers who were patrolling the area. The arrest comes just two days after he was detained while loitering near Taylor's New York townhouse.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez shows off natural beauty as she goes make-up free in loungewear and slippers
Police officers witnessed Crowe allegedly harassing multiple people on Monday. He was then arrested and taken to the 1st Precinct station in Lower Manhattan where he was charged with two counts each of harassment and stalking.
A spokesperson for the NYPD Public Information Office told The Mirror: "On Monday, January 22, 2024, at approximately 1800 hours, uniformed NYPD Neighbourhood Coordination Officers (NCO's) assigned to the 1st Precinct were conducting a directed patrol in the vicinity of Franklin Street and Hudson Street (confines of the 1st Precinct). Officers were approached by multiple complainants who pointed out an emotionally disturbed male acting erratically at the location. Officers observed the male harassing multiple complainants and took him into custody without further incident. No injuries were reported and the following individual was charged.
"On Saturday, January 20, 2024, at approximately 1335 hours, police responded to a 911 call for a disorderly person along Franklin Street, in the confines of the 1st Precinct. Upon arrival of police to the scene, police were informed that the individual attempted to open a door to a building at the location. An investigation determined that the individual had an active warrant and was taken into custody."
Crowe did not try to break into Taylor's home on Monday, with eye witnesses saying he didn't seem to be doing much more than just hanging around. However, he does have a history of attempting more serious contact.
Crowe was visited by police on Saturday after officers received a call about a "disorderly person" on Franklin Street. A source told Page Six that he was taken in by cops for failure to answer a summons from 2015. A source previously told the publication they witnessed the individual walking around the neighbourhood, specifically where Taylor lives, "for a few weeks."
Taylor was luckily out of town during Saturday's incident as she was in upstate New York to cheer on her boyfriend Travis Kelce as the Kansas City Chiefs beat the Buffalo Bills. A source told Page Six Taylor had returned home on Monday.
The singer's home has frequently been the target of attempted break ins. In 2019, a man climbed a ladder and broke a window to get inside the property. It was reported to have been his second attempt at breaking in to Taylor's home.
The first time, in 2018, the man used a shovel to get in. Taylor's home is also often surrounded by fans and paparazzi. At one point, the Shake It Off hitmaker had such a difficult time leaving her apartment that she had to be carried out in a box. During that time, Taylor was trying to take time out of the spotlight following the release of video leaked by Kim Kardashian which sent a wave of hate towards Taylor.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox