Pop star has faced numerous stalkers in recent years, at her New York address and other homes 
A 33-year-old man has been arrested and charged with harassment and stalking after he was found behaving erratically near Taylor Swift’s New York City home.
David Crowe, from Seattle, Washington, was arrested on Monday, with a New York police statement reading: “Officers were approached by multiple complainants who pointed out an emotionally disturbed male acting erratically at the location. Once officers observed the male harassing multiple complainants, they took him to custody without further incidents; no injuries were reported.” Crowe was charged on two counts each of harassment and stalking.
Swift was away from the property at the time, watching her American footballer boyfriend Travis Kelce play in Buffalo, upstate New York.
It is the second incident outside her property over the weekend, with a man arrested on Saturday after witnesses said he attempted to enter Swift’s Tribeca townhouse. The man had failed to answer a summons on an unrelated incident, and was charged over it. New York City police have not confirmed if the attempted break-in and the stalking charges are related, but the two incidents reportedly involve the same individual.
Swift’s homes in New York and elsewhere have been targeted by numerous people in recent years. In 2018, Florida man Roger Alvarado attempted to break into her New York home using a shovel, then two months later succeeded, using her shower and sleeping in her bed. He was jailed for nine months, but broke in again following his release, and was given a two to four-year prison sentence.
In 2020, Texan man Eric Swarbrick was imprisoned for 30 months after he sent threatening letters to Swift’s former record label. In 2022, Morgan Mank, from Virginia, drunkenly crashed his car into her New York building and attempted to gain entry before being arrested, and a protection order was taken out that year against Brooklyn resident Joshua Christian who repeatedly visited her homes in New York and Tennessee.
In June 2023, Indiana man Mitchell Taebel was arrested and charged with stalking, intimidation, invasion of privacy and harassment, after sending Swift a series of threatening messages and appearing outside her Nashville home. In July 2023, Kimberly Meyer was arrested outside her Rhode Island home, having previously been warned to stay away from it.
In 2019, Swift wrote in Elle magazine about the psychological toll of the stalking incidents: “My fear of violence has continued into my personal life. I carry QuikClot army grade bandage dressing, which is for gunshot or stab wounds. Websites and tabloids have taken it upon themselves to post every home address I’ve ever had online. You get enough stalkers trying to break into your house and you kind of start prepping for bad things. Every day I try to remind myself of the good in the world, the love I’ve witnessed and the faith I have in humanity. We have to live bravely in order to truly feel alive, and that means not being ruled by our greatest fears.”