Rapper 21 Savage announced his album "American Dream" on January 9 and it dropped just three days later on January 12. But it didn't need advance promotion to top the Billboard 200. Read all about this week's chart here on Billboard.com.
"American Dream" achieved 133,000 equivalent album units based on the combination of its traditional record sales, individual track sales and online streams. Of its total, streaming made up the vast majority (128,500, which equated to 169.53 million streams). This was the best week ever for a 21 Savage solo project in terms of total units and streams. He also topped the chart with his collaborative albums "Savage Mode II" (with Metro Boomin) and "Her Loss" (with Drake).
Coming in at number-two was another debut, Kali Uchis's fourth studio album "Orquídeas," which achieved her best numbers ever too, achieving 69,000 album units. Pushed down to number-three was last week's chart-topper "One Thing at a Time" by Morgan Wallen, followed by Drake's "For All the Dogs" at number-four and Taylor Swift's "1989 (Taylor's Version)" at number-five.
"American Dream's" surprise release meant it wasn't in our predictions center for our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest. Instead, most of our game players predicted Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign's "Vultures" would be number-one, but that album was delayed. Only one person correctly predicted that "Orquídeas" would be all the way up in the number-two spot; most thought it would be number-three. But 19 others got it right that "One Thing at a Time" would be the album in third place. Then 18 people picked "For All the Dogs" for number-four. And just one person foresaw "1989 (Taylor's Version)" coming in at number-five. In the end, two players tied for the best predictions, scoring three out of six correct answers. How did you do?
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media