Travis Kelce is scoring points for his recent social media activity.
The Kansas City Chiefs player proved he and Taylor Swift may be ready for a double date by subtly supporting Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco's Jan. 3 outing to the Los Angeles Lakers game on Instagram. 
Eagle-eyed fans spotted that Travis "liked" a Jan. 4 Instagram post of the new couple sitting courtside at the Crypto Arena in Los Angeles. And while the foursome hasn't been spotted together quite yet, the tight end's small gesture at least shows his stamp of approval.
During the "Same Old Love" singer's recent night out with the record producer, they appeared to indulge in some minor PDA—with Selena being spotted with her head on Benny's shoulder, and the pair's arms intertwined. 
Selena, 31, confirmed her relationship with Benny, 35, in early December by posting PDA photos on social media. Since then, they've both continued to share intimate glimpses of their relationship online.
And as for Travis and Taylor, both 34, they appear to be going as strong as ever. In fact, the Grammy winner and the athlete were spotted sharing a New Year's Eve kiss in a video that circulated social media on Jan. 1. The "Karma" singer has also made it clear that she won't be putting her love for the football player in the basement, but rather the penthouse of her heart. 
"When you say a relationship is public, that means I'm going to see him do what he loves, we're showing up for each other, other people are there and we don't care," the Eras Tour performer told TIME in an article published last month. "The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you're seeing someone. And we're just proud of each other."
So far, Taylor has attended nine Kansas City Chiefs games this season, and the stars have been spotted on several other public outings together like their New Year's Eve celebration, a Saturday Night Live after party in October and trips to restaurants around New York City. 
A double date could be in their future, but for now, read on for highlights from one of Taylor and Travis' cutest date nights yet. 
Date Night Done Right
The stylish duo stepped out for dinner at NYC's Waverly Inn on Oct. 15.
Don't Let Go
For the evening out, the "Lover" singer wore a mesh Jean Paul Gaultier top paired with a leather skirt and boots.
Hand-in-Hand
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce arrived to Satuday Night Live's after-party in NYC following their cameos on the Oct. 14 episode.
Best Believe They're Still Bejeweled
The duo walked hand-in-hand into Catch Steak NYC.
They Never Go Out of Style
The NFL star and the 12-time Grammy winner have been sparking romance rumors since this summer.
A Total Touchdown
The pair appeared to confim the relationship speculation after she attended his Kansas City Chiefs game in late September.
Calling It a Night
The duo was photographed exiting the party early Oct. 15.
An Enchanting Evening
Oh, what a night!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.