Although Gigi Hadid’s rumored fling with Leonardo DiCaprio fizzled out (he’s since been linked to Hadid’s fellow model, Vittoria Ceretti), she may have sparked something new with another A-list actor. On October 6th, The Daily Mail spotted Hadid dining with Bradley Cooper at New York City restaurant Via Carota before they left the venue in the same car. 
Interestingly, Cooper and Hadid have an extensive dating history with some overlap. Hadid, who shares a three-year-old daughter with her ex, Zayn Malik, was most recently linked to DiCaprio who happens to be a close friend of her alleged fling. Cooper, of course, shares a daughter with model and ex-wife Irina Shayk—and as early as last year, it was reported that the actor was looking to get back with Shayk (who reportedly felt the same). The 48-year-old was briefly linked to actress Diana Agron as well as political staffer Huma Abedin in 2022.
Although their rumored relationship is fairly new (and who knows where it will go), below, a complete timeline of Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper’s relationship.
It’s PDA official! Hadid and Cooper were spotted in London on January 25th holding hands—their first major display of PDA since they sparked romance rumors in October. The supermodel and the actor, who sported a Louis Vuitton beanie, were out for a casual stroll around the capital after they headed out of New York City earlier that week.
Hadid and Cooper started their year off with a bit of transatlantic travel. On January 24th, the rumored item were pictured catching a flight out of New York City—Hadid wore jeans and a leather bomber while Cooper opted for an all-black look.
News broke on December 14th that Cooper had purchased a New Hope, Pennsylvania home not too far from the Hadid family’s $4 million farm estate. Cooper is from the state so his real estate purchase could merely be a coincidence—the pair did, however, spend time in the area in late October. Per a source close to the couple, “Their relationship is on steroids. It’s getting serious very quickly.”
Hadid was photographed visiting Cooper as he worked inside Danny & Coop’s Cheesesteaks food truck in New York City on December 6th. The model, who was joined by Laura Dern, was seen wearing a denim jacket, black pants, and a Yankees baseball cap as she supported the actor. Later in the day, Cooper’s ex, Irina Shayk, was seen visiting the truck along with their six-year-old daughter, Lea De Seine.
If you’re wondering why Cooper was slinging cheesesteaks on a Wednesday, he teamed up with Danny DiGiampietro, the owner of Angelo's Pizzeria in Philadelphia. Proceeds from the food truck went to charity; the pair is reportedly opening a Danny and Coops Cheesesteaks business in the Big Apple.
Sources say that Hadid and Cooper’s newly found romance is “on steroids.” Per a source close to the couple, “It’s getting serious very quickly [and] they are together everyday.” The insider also told Page Six that Cooper finds Hadid “Intellectually interesting.”
Cooper and Hadid started November strong—they were seen attending Aubrey Plaza’s off-Broadway play Danny and the Deep Blue Sea together. Per sources at the event, the pair were holding hands as they watched Plaza’s stage debut.
On October 20th, Hadid and Cooper were photographed out and about in New York City on what appeared to be an afternoon date. 
The Mirror on October 15th reported that Hadid and Cooper having been using their friend Taylor Swift’s Rhode Island mansion (the most expensive slice of real estate in the tiny state) as a getaway during the early stages of their romance. The manse, which features eight bedrooms and shoreline views, has been the locale for Swift’s iconic Fourth of July party (which Hadid has been a frequent guest of) as well as the subject of her song “the last great american dynasty”.
The pair sparked romance rumors on October 9th when they were spotted returning to New York City in the same car after an apparent weekend away together. The sighting came just a few days prior when  The Daily Mail captured Hadid and Cooper dining in New York City.
This article was originally published on Oct. 9, 2023