Get the top stories of the day around the DMV.
The Washington Informer

					Black News, Commentary and Culture | The Washington Informer				
The stage is set, and the Baltimore Ravens will host the Kansas City Chiefs in the highly anticipated AFC championship game. What are your thoughts on the big game before the big game?
Charlie McCullar, Washington, D.C.
It’s gonna be a great game to watch, with high scoring, probably in the high 30s for both teams.
Victoria Lynn, Baltimore
Lamar and the team definitely have this win. Let’s go, Ravens. 
Wendy Robinson, Baltimore
Taylor Swift is coming to Baltimore!
Jason Charles, Montgomery, Ala.
To be the man, you gotta beat the man! Go Ravens!
Michael Davis, Tuscaloosa, Ala.
Don’t blink! The defending Super Bowl champs have to get dealt with. To be the best, you have to beat the best! Let’s go, Ravens!
Compiled by Sarafina Wright
When my father, Dr. Calvin W. Rolark, founded this paper over 60 years ago, he envisioned more than just a newspaper—he dreamed of a platform to uplift our community with stories of triumph and resilience. His unwavering dedication to service shaped our mission, which remains steadfast: to serve, inform, and empower. Today, providing free, fact-based local journalism is more challenging than ever, but the need has only grown. 
Your support is vital to sustaining this legacy.
Publisher Denise Rolark-Barnes

			Thanks for your contribution!		
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
We proudly serve the African-American community — families, neighborhoods, businesses, people of faith and more — in the DMV. Learn more about how we serve you.

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of The Washington Informer directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: