Our free email updates are the best way to get headlines direct to your inbox
We have more newsletters
Our free email updates are the best way to get headlines direct to your inbox
We have more newsletters
Bags of raw chicken were found stored next to salad during an inspection of the kitchens at a Nottinghamshire primary school. Potentially out-of-date food and allergy risks were identified at Crossdale Primary School in Keyworth.
The school, which is catered for by national food firm Taylor Shaw Catering, was given a one-star hygiene rating after a visit by Rushcliffe Borough Council's environmental health team. The Equals Trust, of which Crossdale is a part of, said it took the findings "very seriously" and had instructed its caterers to take action.
During the school's inspection, which took place in October, prepared salad was found stored in the fridge next to bags of raw chicken. "Foul-smelling" chicken was also found in a fridge, despite not being out of date.
Get the latest news straight to your phone by joining us on WhatsApp
Staff were criticised for not following written food safety procedures and keeping records of essential food hygiene checks. This included storing cooked food in the freezer "without any prepared on/frozen on or best before dates".
"Cooked and cooled mashed potato was found in the fridge. This was not labelled with date of production, subsequent use-by date or details of what allergens it may contain," reads the report. 
It adds: "Packets of Quorn roast, fish fingers and veggie nuggets stored in the freezer had been decanted from their original packaging and were not labelled to indicate what they were or what allergens they contain."
The report went on to state that the level of food hygiene awareness amongst food handling staff was "inadequate". A spokesperson for the Equals Trust said: "We were very concerned to learn about the recent drop in hygiene rating associated with our school's catering services.
"We understand the concerns raised by the recent inspection, and we take them very seriously. Upon learning of the hygiene rating, we immediately contacted Taylor Shaw to investigate the reported issues and take swift corrective action. 
"They have assured us that all the identified concerns were promptly addressed and that they have implemented additional measures to prevent such issues from arising in the future." 
James Wilkie, divisional managing director for Taylor Shaw, added: “We take matters of hygiene very seriously and as soon as we were aware of the issues raised in the audit, we took immediate action and resolved them.
"All issues have now been rectified and we are awaiting a follow up audit and an updated rating.”