Going to the cineplex or staying in and streaming this weekend? Every Thursday morning at 8:15 a.m. you can listen to Mike Schulz dish on recent movie releases & talk smack about Hollywood celebs on Planet 93.9 FM with the fabulous Dave & Darren in the Morning team of Dave Levora and Darren Pitra. The morning crew previews upcoming releases, too.
Or you can check the Reader Web site and listen to their latest conversation by the warm glow of your electronic device. Never miss a pithy comment from these three scintillating pundits again.
Thursday, April 24: Previews of The Accountant 2, Until Dawn, The Legend of Ochi, and the 20th-anniversary re-release of Revenge of the Sith, and discussion of The Wedding Banquet and Sinners, the latter possibly Mike's favorite film over the 20-ish years he's been chatting with D&D. If anything tops it this year, it's gonna be a crazy-good movie year.
Thursday, April 17: Discussion of The Amateur, Drop, and Warfare, and previews of Sinners, The Wedding Banquet, a one-night-only Neil Young doc ... and, somehow, exactly zero new releases about animated animals on a comic adventure. What kind of Easter weekend is this?
Thursday, April 10: Discussion of A Minecraft Movie, The Friend, and Hell of a Summer, and previews of Warfare, The Amateur, Drop, King of Kings, and The Chosen: Last Supper Part 3, the latter with a running length of more than three hours. Patrons will have to bring a supper of their own.
Thursday, April 3: Discussion of Death of a Unicorn, The Woman in the Yard, and A Working Man, and previews of A Minecraft Movie, Hell of a Summer, and The Friend, the latter starring Naomi Watts, Bill Murray, and a Great Dane. It's a drama. About grief. The odds on the pup's survival do not appear good.
Thursday, March 27: Discussion of Snow White, The Alto Knights, No Other Land, and Locked, previews of Death of a Unicorn, A Working Man, and The Woman in the Yard, and Dave revealing to Mike the star of the forthcoming Mummy reboot ... just to ruin his day, apparently.
Thursday, March 20: Discussion of The Electric State, Black Bag, Novocaine, The Day the Earth Blew Up: A Looney Tunes Movie, Opus, and Omni Loop, and previews of Snow White, Locked, and The Alto Knights, the latter featuring Robert De Niro acting opposite a first-time co-star: Robert De Niro.
Thursday, March 13: Discussion of Mickey 17, In the Lost Lands, and The Rule of Jenny Pen; previews of Novocaine, Black Bag, Opus, and The Day the Earth Blew Up; and reminscences on that Tom-and-Jerry short that ended with the characters' suicide pact. Talk about a loony 'toon.
Thursday, March 6: Discussion of Last Breath and Riff Raff, and previews of Mickey 17, In the Lost Lands, and Night of the Zoopocalypse. After the 20-plus minutes the guys did on the Oscars this past Monday, they're grateful for this morning's short-and-sweet .. as, no doubt, are their listeners.
Monday, March 3: Monday-morning bonus edition! The guys rap about last night's Oscars! So much to unpack!
Thursday, February 27: Discussion of The Monkey and The Unbreakable Boy, previews of Last Breath and Riff Raff, and predictions for this Sunday's Academy Awards. Dave is predicting ... a return to glamour!
Thursday, February 20: Discussion of Captain America: Brave New World, Paddington in Peru, and the Oscar-nominated animated and live-action shorts, and previews of The Monkey, The Unbreakable Boy, and some movie with Robert De Niro, Tommy Lee Jones, and Morgan Freeman that's only playing locally once a day after 9 p.m. Ummm ... for the film's target demographic, isn't that a little late?
Thursday, February 13: Discussion of Heart Eyes, Love Hurts, and I'm Still Here, and previews of Captain America: Brave New World, the Oscar-nominated shorts, and Paddington in Peru. Olivia Colman! As a nun! With a guitar! It's already Dave's favorite movie of the year.
Thursday, February 6: Discussion of Dog Man, Companion, and You're Cordially Invited, previews of Love Hurts, Heart Eyes, and I'm Still Here, and reminiscences on the debut of the original Jurassic Park. Darren saw real-life raptors! Kind of!
Thursday, January 30: Previews of Companion and Dog Man, and discussion on The Brutalist, Presence, and Flight Risk. It's too early in the year to know if that latter title will make The List, but it's already at least List-adjacent.
Thursday, January 23: Discussion on Wolf Man, Nickel Boys, One of Them Days, Hard Truths, and The Room Next Door, previews of The Brutalist, Flight Risk, and Presence, and a-half-hour-after-they-landed thoughts on the 97th Oscar nominations. Mike kicked butt in his predictions, scoring a "B" average. Yes, for him, that's "kicking butt."
Thursday, January 16: Previews of The Wolf Man, One of Them Days, and a trio of Oscar possibilities at Iowa City's FilmScene, and discussion on Better Man, Wallace & Gromit: Vengeance Most Fowl, and The Last Showgirl, the latter of which might land Pamela Anderson an Academy Award nomination. Seriously. She'd deserve it, too.
Thursday, January 9: Previews of Den of Thieves: Pantera, Better Man, and The Last Showgirl, and Mike's wrap-up of 2024 releases -- the good (Challengers), the bad (Argylle), and the ugly (everything that's worse than Argylle).
Thursday, January 2: After a week off, it's lightning-round time again, with discussion of A Complete Unknown, Nosferatu, The Fire Inside, Babygirl, Mufasa: The Lion King, Sonic the Hedgehog 3, The Six Triple Eight, and Juror #2, and a teaser for Mike's Movies of '24 list.
Thursday, December 19: Discussion of Kraven the Hunter, Queer, Nightbitch, Maria, and Flow, and previews of Mufasa: The Lion King and Sonic the Hedgehog 3. No segment on December 26, so with at least eight year-end titles forthcoming, expect another lightning-round on January 2. Happy Holidays and New Year, everyone!
Thursday, December 12: Discussion of The Return, Y2K, A Different Man, and Between the Temples, previews of Kraven the Hunter and a new Lord of the Rings, and another cool guest star showing up at the Last Picture House this weekend. So cool to be a coastal film hub ... if you consider the Mississippi River one of the coasts. (There truly is a Waiting for Guffman reference for all occasions.)
Thursday, December 5: After taking Thanksgiving week off, the boys are back with discussion of Wicked, Gladiator II, The Piano Lesson, Moana 2, and Blitz, previews of Y2K and The Return, and some cool news for and about the Last Picture House team of Scott Beck and Bryan Woods. See you on the red carpet, guys!
Thursday, November 21: Discussion of Hot Frosty, Red One, A Real Pain, and Emilia Perez (the worst one isn't the one you think), and previews of this year's "Barbenheimer" event: the "Glicked" two-fer of Wicked and Gladiator II. No segment during Turkey Week, so we overstuffed this one. Happy Thanksgiving and we'll be back in December!
Thursday, November 14: Discussion of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever and Anora, and previews of Red One, A Real Pain, and the Netflix two-fer of Emilia Perez and ... wait for it ... Hot Frosty. The guys are so-o-o-o stoked for that one.
Thursday, November 7: Previews of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever, Anora, and Elevation, reviews of Here and Absolution, and a preview and review of Heretic, a topnotch comedy/horror/etc. by the Quad Cities' own Scott Beck and Bryan Woods. Local boys done real good.
Thursday, October 31: Discussion of Venom: The Last Dance, Conclave, and Your Monster, and previews of Here, an unasked-for Forrest Gump reunion, and Absolution, another Liam-with-a-Gun thriller. Mike must've been really awful in a past life to deserve this double feature. Happy Halloween!
Thursday, October 24: Previews of Venom: The Last Dance, Conclave, and Your Monster, and discussion on Smile 2, We Live in Time, Woman of the Hour, and Rumours, the latter blessedly gone from a theater near you.
Thursday, October 17: Discussion of Terrifier 3, Saturday Night, Man/Superman: The Christopher Reeve Story, and Piece by Piece; previews of Smile 2, We Live in Time, and Goodrich; info on loads of Halloween-y screenings; and abject terror at the prospect of Robert Zemeckis' Here.
Thursday, October 10: Discussion of Joker: Folie à Deux, 'Salem's Lot, and White Bird; previews of Piece by Piece, Saturday Night, Super/Man: The Christopher Reeve Story, The Apprentice, Average Joe, and Terrifier 3; praise for Max's The Penguin (Cristin Milioti!); and a primer on all the different names for sequels and prequels these days. There are too many. Names, we mean. But also sequels and prequels.
Thursday, October 3: Previews of Joker: Folie à Deux, White Bird, Sam & Colby: The Legends of the Paranormal, and Monster Summer, and discussion of The Wild Robot, Lee, Will & Harper, My Old Ass, and Megalopolis, those latter two films constituting an Aubrey Plaza double-feature. Helps make up for one of those movies being absolutely nuts, and not in a fun way.
Thursday, September 26: Discussion of The Substance, Never Let Go, His Three Daughters, and Transformers One, and previews of Megalopolis, The Wild Robot, My Old Ass, Lee, Amber Alert ... and a movie that apparently only exists in Mike's head.
Thursday, September 19: Discussion of Speak No Evil and The Killer's Game, and previews of Transformers One, Never Let Go, The Substance, Omni Loop, Wolfs, His Three Daughters ... . It's clearly throw-everything-at-the-wall-and-see-what-sticks weekend.
Thursday, September 12: Discussion of Beetlejuice Beetlejuice and The Front Room, previews of Speak No Evil and The Killer's Game, and a head's up on next weekend's area screenings of a 1989 Tim Burton smash and a Christopher Nolan superhero trilogy. Holy synergy, Batman!
Thursday, September 5: Previews of Beetlejuice Beetlejuice and The Front Room, and discussion of AfrAId and Reagan, the latter allowing Dave to trot out his Ronald Reagan impression only one week after his Tony Danza impression. What familiar '80s icon will be sucessfully Lavora-ed next time? Stay tuned!
Thursday, August 29: Discussion of Sing Sing, Blink Twice, and Strange Darling, previews of Slingshot, AfrAId, Reagan, and You Gotta Believe, and an excuse for Dave to trot out his Tony Danza impression, though maybe only accidentally.
Thursday, August 22: Discussion of Alien: Romulus, Didi, and My Penguin Friend; previews of Blink Twice, Strange Darling, The Forge, The Crow, and Sing Sing; and, just for fun, a jaunt through the filmography of Tim Burton. Did you realize Michael Keaton is in fewer than 20 minutes of Beetlejuice? Shocking.
Thursday, August 15: After a week off, previews of Alien: Romulus, Didi, Skincare, and My Penguin Friend, and discussion of It Ends with Us, Cuckoo, The Instigators, Borderlands, Harold & the Purple Crayon, and Trap, the latter of which Mike totally forgot he watched with his parents. Please don't tell them.
Thursday, August 1: Discussion of Deadpool & Wolverine, The Fabulous Four, and Shine On: The Forgotten Shining Location, and previews of Harold & the Purple Crayon, The Firing Squad, and Trap ... the latter featuring Hayley Mills, star of Disney's 1961 classic The Parent Trap. Coincidence?!?
Thursday, July 25: Discussion of Twisters and Oddity, and previews of Deadpool & Wolverine and The Fabulous Four. That's "Fabulous," not "Fantastic." Sorry, superhero-movie fans ... you only get one this weekend.
Thursday, July 18: Discussion of Beverly Hills Cop: Axel F, Kinds of Kindness, MaXXXine, Despicable Me 4, Horizon: An American Saga -- Chapter 1, Longlegs, and Fly Me to the Moon, and previews of Twisters and Oddity. After three weeks away, it's lightning-round time again!
Thursday, June 27: Discussion of The Bikeriders, The Exorcism, and Thelma, and previews of A Quiet Place: Day One, Horizon: An American Saga - Chapter 1, and a few Netflix titles. The guys are taking next Thursday off, as well as the Thursday after that, so plan on there being muuuuuuch to chat about on July 18th.
Thursday, June 20: Previews of The Bikeriders, Thelma, and The Exorcism, and discussion of Inside Out 2, Treasure, Tuesday, The Blue Angels, and Brats, the latter the rare terrible movie that Mike wholeheartedly recommends. Oh, Andrew McCarthy ... .
Thursday, June 13: Discussion of Hit Man, Bad Boys: Ride or Die, and The Watchers; previews of Inside Out 2, Tuesday, Treasure, Brats, and The Blue Angels; and tales from Dave's and Darren's aerial adventures at the Quad City Air Show. One of them may have gotten a tad nauseous.
Thursday, June 6: Discussion of Ezra, In a Violent Nature, Summer Camp, and The Great Lillian Hall (new to HBO and Max, not the mis-cited Netflix), previews of Bad Boys: Ride or Die and The Watchers, and a teaser for the 2015 horror flickThe Sand, the trailer for which is currently a big deal online. Easy to see why.
Thursday, May 30: Discussion of Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga, The Garfield Movie, and Babes, and previews of In a Violent Nature, Exra, and Summer Camp. Plus, a head-scratcher: Is a summer blockbuster an official summer blockbuster if its studio didn't expect it to make summer-blockbuster dollars? Hmmm ... .
Thursday, May 23: Discussion of IF, The Strangers: Chapter 1, Back to Black, and I Saw the TV Glow, previews of Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga and The Garfield Movie, and a convo about childhood imaginary friends ... or, in Dave's case, imaginary girlfriends.
Thursday, May 16: Discussion of Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes, previews of IF, Back to Black, The Strangers: Chapter 1, and Poolman, and, for a change of pace, lots of talk about TV shows, including Baby Reindeer, Under the Bridge, and Fallout. These guys are true Renaissance men.
Thursday, May 9: A preview of the sole new weekend release Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes, and discussion of The Fall Guy, Tarot, The Idea of You, and Unfrosted. Apologies if our chat about that latter title makes the movie sound worth a look. It's not. At all.
Thursday, May 2: Discussion of Challengers, Unsung Hero, and Boy Meets World, and previews of The Fall Guy and Tarot, with mention of all the Stars Wars tltes returning to area screens, from the original trilogy to Phantom Menace to ... Spaceballs. May the Fourth be with you!
Thursday, April 25: Discussion of Abigail, The Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare, and Sasquatch Sunset, and previews of Challengers, Boy Kills World, Unsung Hero, and the re-release of Alien. On its 45th-anniversary tour. 'Cause we weren't already feeling old.
Thursday, April 18: Discussion of Civil War, Arcadian, Vanya, and Hundreds of Beavers, and previews of The Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare, The People's Joker, Abigail, and Sasquatch Sunset. Last week it was humans in beaver suits, this week it's humans in Yeti suits ... the mind boggles at what might be in store a week from now.
Thursday, April 11: After an unanticipated week off (yep, we can blame Mike's car again ...) a lot to get caught up: Discussion of Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire, In the Land of Saints & Sinners, Netflix's limited series Ripley, The New Omen, Monkey Man, Wicked Little Letters, and Problemista, and previews of Civil War, Arcadian, Sting, and the Last Picture House booking of Hundreds of Beavers. That trailer is amazing.
Thursday, March 28: Discussion of Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire, Road House, Shirley, Immaculate, and Late Night with the Devil, and previews of Asphalt City, In the Land of Saints & Sinners, and Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire. Lots to chew on here; it's practically a double-length segment. And in the discussion of the '89 Road House, please forgive the mistaking of character-actor legend Ben Gazzara for character-actor legend Robert Loggia. The Dave & Darren Show regrets the error.
Thursday, March 21: Prior to previews of Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire, Late Night with the Devil, Immaculate, and Shirley, discussion of Arthur the King, Love Lies Bleeding, One Life, The American Society of Magical Negros, and Snack Shack, the latter of which lived up to its promise and then some.
Thursday, March 14: A recap of the Academy Awards; discussion of Imaginary, Cabrini, Kung Fu Panda 4, and 20 Days in Mariupol; and previews of Arthur the King, One Life, Love Lies Bleeding, The American Society of Magical Negroes, and what might turn out to be the sleeper hit of the spring: an R-rated teen comedy titled Snack Shack. Stay tuned.
Mike Schulz 

 


 


"We're the River Cities' Reader, and we've kept the Quad Cities' only independently owned newspaper alive and free since 1993.
So please help the Reader keep going with your one-time, monthly, or annual support.
With your financial support the Reader can continue providing uncensored, non-scripted, and independent journalism alongside the Quad Cities' area's most comprehensive cultural coverage." - Todd McGreevy, Publisher


 
"We're the River Cities' Reader, and we've kept the Quad Cities' only independently owned newspaper alive and free since 1993.
So please help the Reader keep going with your one-time, monthly, or annual support.
With your financial support the Reader can continue providing uncensored, non-scripted, and independent journalism alongside the Quad Cities' area's most comprehensive cultural coverage." - Todd McGreevy, Publisher

So please help the Reader keep going with your one-time, monthly, or annual support.
With your financial support the Reader can continue providing uncensored, non-scripted, and independent journalism alongside the Quad Cities' area's most comprehensive cultural coverage." - Todd McGreevy, Publisher
River Cities Reader #1032 -... by River Cities Reader
You'll get both the current official narrative challenge and What's Happenin' in the Quad Cities.(Did you know we publish a new Real Astrology and RCR Crossword every week?) 
Get the printed Reader edition mailed to you (or anyone you want) first-class for 12 months for $48.$24 goes to postage and handling, $24 goes to keeping the doors open!
Submit your event listings to calendar@rcreader.com
The River Cities' Reader, started in 1993, is independently and locally owned. We publish a monthly printed tabloid size magazine, available for free throughout the Quad Cities at over 300 locations. The Reader provides keys to the Quad Cities' culture in print and online with exhaustive event calendars and coverage of arts, music, theatre, festivals, readings, lectures, meetings, exhibits, museums, dance, sports and classes for all ages. Commentaries on business and politics, locally written theatre and movie reviews, advice columns, astrology, cartoons and crosswords are also published in print monthly, and refreshed daily, online.