In the world of music, release dates can sometimes become the battleground for unexpected conflicts, and the latest headline between Jack Antonoff and Kanye West is a prime example. The 39-year-old producer and frontman of Bleachers is gearing up for the release of his band’s self-titled album on March 8, coinciding with the drop of Kanye West’s second installment of his project, Vultures. As anticipation builds for both releases, Jack Antonoff took to Twitter to share his unfiltered thoughts on the situation, playfully calling Kanye West a “cry baby.”
In a tweet on Wednesday (January 24), Jack Antonoff humorously addressed the clash of release dates, stating, “kanye on bleachers release date is hilarious little cry baby b-tch.”
It’s worth noting that Jack Antonoff’s friendship with Taylor Swift, a longtime collaborator, and his response to Kanye West’s October 2022 antisemitic comments may have contributed to the jab. The complex history between Taylor Swift and Kanye West, marked by feuds and public disagreements, is well-documented. Jack Antonoff, being a close friend and collaborator of Taylor Swift, might have a unique perspective on the situation.
In October 2022, amid a series of controversial statements made by Kanye West, including antisemitic comments, Jack Antonoff didn’t hold back. Responding directly to Kanye, he tweeted, “Kanye a little b-tch,” showcasing his readiness to speak his mind, even when it comes to prominent figures in the industry.
As the music community eagerly awaits the simultaneous release of Bleachers’ self-titled album and Kanye West’s Vultures, Jack Antonoff’s candid comment adds an element of interest to the upcoming showdown. As March 8 approaches, fans can anticipate not only the musical offerings from Bleachers and Kanye West but also the exchanges and comments that keeps the industry dynamic and entertaining.
By: Michelle |
January 25, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!