Sections
About
Connect With Us
ROCHELLE, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – The Wilcox County community is grieving the loss of Preslee Jackson, a second grader whose life has touched people across the globe.
Kelli Jackson, Preslee’s mother, has been vocal on Facebook this week, sharing the journey of her daughter’s health crisis that began with a brain bleed on December 31.
Despite being rapidly transported to Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston, Preslee was diagnosed as brain dead on Wednesday. Jackson revealed in an update that the brain bleed was caused by an Arteriovenous malformation, a rare condition doctors say Preslee was born with.
The family is now proceeding with organ donation.
“This process takes 24-72 hours,” she wrote. “We will remain here with her until she goes to the OR. They will do a Walk Of Honor here at Elgeston and staff will line the hallways and honor Preslee. If anyone knows Preslee, you know this is what she would want to do. Please continue to pray for our family!”
Preslee Jackson (Photo: Kelli Jackson)
Jackson says people from more than 30 states and eight countries have reached out to offer prayers and support for her daughter, who she says loved the color purple and was “a total Swiftie” — the name given to fans of Taylor Swift.
“She was an amazing little girl!” she told 41NBC’s Tucker Sargent in an online message exchange early Friday. “She had a huge heart and has touched so many lives! She always had a smile on her face and would give you the shirt off of her back if you asked. She’s touched more people in her life than I can ever imagine doing.”
Wilcox County School District Superintendent Dale Garnto wrote in a letter to students and parents on Thursday that the district is encouraging everyone to wear purple to school on Friday.
“Preslee was an excellent student who loved her friends, classmates, and teachers,” Garnto wrote. “She had a bright personality and infectious smile that constantly radiated joy throughout the school. She will be greatly missed by all that knew and loved her.”
Garnto added administrators, counselors and local pastors will be available to meet with anyone to “assist you in dealing with any emotions you may be experiencing.”
School counselors can be reached at (229) 365-7858 (Elementary School) or (229) 365-7231 (Middle and High School).
Wilcox County students and staff wore purple Friday to pay tribute to Preslee Jackson. (Photo: Wilcox County Schools)
This is a developing story. Check back for updates. 
















  




















Related



 









 









 









 









 











© 2025 41NBC News | WMGT-DT.

	Clear. Accurate. To the Point.


	Talk to 41NBC/WMGT’s anchors, reporters and meteorologists. When you see news happening, share it! We’d love to hear from you.


(478) 745- 4141 | Share It


	Download the 41NBC News App and the 41NBC Accuweather App on your smartphone or tablet.


NEWS App | WEATHER App


	Get breaking news alerts, daily headlines and exclusive offers in your inbox.


41NBC Email Sign Up