Taylor Swift is reportedly “furious” over the X-rated, AI-generated photos of her circulating social media.
In fact, the “Cruel Summer” singer is considering taking legal action after the graphic images from NSFW websites went viral this week, according to a source.
“Whether or not legal action will be taken is being decided, but there is one thing that is clear: These fake, AI-generated images are abusive, offensive, exploitative and done without Taylor’s consent and/or knowledge,” the insider told the Daily Mail Thursday.
“The Twitter account that posted them does not exist anymore. It is shocking that the social media platform even let them be up to begin with,” the source added.
The report said Swift’s family and friends are also “furious.”
“Legislation needs to be passed to prevent this, and laws must be enacted,” the insider argued.
Although Swift, 34, has not publicly commented on the scandal, her legion of loyal fans were quick to flood X, formerly known as Twitter, with positive posts about her in an attempt to combat the spreading of inappropriate images.
The posts, known as “deepfakes,” showed the “Love Story” singer in a variety of provocative and offensive poses at a Kansas City Chiefs game, which her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, plays for.
Page Six has seen the doctored photos but is not sharing them.
“people sharing the ai pics are sick and disgusting. protect taylor swift at all costs,” one fan tweeted as “Protect Taylor Swift” trended on the platform Thursday morning.
“using ai generated pornography of someone is awful and inexcusable. you guys need to be put in jail,” another wrote of the person or persons behind the snaps.
Others directed their vitriol toward those who re-shared the images on social media after they first appeared on adult websites earlier this month.
For more Page Six you love…
“My Taylor post went viral and now everyone is posting it,” one user wrote.
He later added, “Bro what have I done… They might pass new laws because of my Taylor Swift post. If Netflix did a documentary about AI pics they’d put me in it as a villain. It’s never been so over.”
The troll’s account has since been made private.
Swift is far from the first celebrity to be targeted by AI technology, which has advanced rapidly.
Last year, people were fooled by deepfake photos of Pope Francis as well as with a viral shot of former President Donald Trump being taken down by a group of police for seemingly resisting arrest.
Advertisement