You may be able to accurately guess a couple. (photo by Mark Rohan via Unsplash)Mark Rohan
Each U.S. state is as different in its music taste as it is in regional cuisine and local lingo.
A new study has laid this musical difference data out beautifully through a series of “Melody Maps” which found each state’s favorite artist by genre.
Crossword Helper — which, as the name implies, provides users with a crossword clues helper that it calls “[an] essential companion for unraveling the enigmatic world of crossword puzzles” — was behind these maps, which were based on Google search volume data for both songs and artists from January 2023 through December of that same year.
After this data was divided by region, it was found that Pennsylvania’s top pop artist was Taylor Swift, and that its favorite rock artist was Bruce Springsteen.
As far as hip-hop/rap goes, Pennsylvanians seem to like Meek Mill above the rest. Ditto for Krewella for EDM goes; Jordan Davis for country; Ahmad Jamal for jazz; The Spinners for R&B/Soul; Bullet for my Valentine for heavy metal; and — last but not least — Dreamcatcher for K-pop.
The Keystone State also seems to have a soft spot for Stevie Nicks when it feels like listening to classic artists.
“As our journey through America’s musical tastes in 2023 comes to an end, we see a country that celebrates both its classical musical roots and fresh, emerging talent,” concludes the study. “States across the nation contribute to a diverse musical tapestry, from the everlasting charm of artists like Tina [Turner] and Shania [Twain] to the fresh vibes of newcomers like Ice Spice.
“Looking ahead, the evolving American soundtrack promises new beats that will further define the nation’s cultural identity.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices