"As long as we're happy... that's all that matters"
There's no denying that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are the most famous couple in the world right now. 
The loved-up pair first confirmed their romance back in September 2023, and since then, their relationship seems to have gone from strength to strength. There's also not a day that goes by where the two aren't in the media for some reason - whether it be Taylor hanging out in the VIP box at a Kansas City Chiefs game, or the pair just stepping out in New York for a 'low-key' date night.
But with such a high-profile romance (which inevitably comes with dating someone as famous as Taylor), alongside the major perks, there obviously come some big challenges, too. Most notably, how they deal with the media hype and intense scrutiny surrounding their relationship. 
During a recent press conference, Travis openly talked about the issue and revealed that he and Taylor have had conversations about how they handle the attention.
The 34-year-old explained: "It's just the outside noise and dealing with everyone else's perspective of things.
"The only thing we've talked about is as long as we're happy, we can't listen to anything that's outside noise. That's all that matters," he continued. 
Travis also touched on how his own fame has risen since he started dating Taylor. Plus, how his performance on the field has also been questioned since he was thrust into the limelight. 
"I brought this on myself and I do enjoy having fun with it all," he admitted, before insisting that his professional focus is still on his sport, his team, and his teammates. 
What Kath said about JoJo split after CBBUK
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
Did you spot subtle Chadwick tribute in Sinners?
Every character Joe Goldberg has killed in 'You'
Penn 'fought to be as naked as possible' in You
Sinners movie post-credit scenes, explained
CBBUK: How much of the winning vote did Jack get?
Netflix's YOU season 5 ending explained
Lorde’s 'What Was That' lyrics explained
You season 5 cast: Full character guide
Kylie’s not a billionaire, but she’s still rich AF
JoJo Siwa and Chris Hughes' CBB moments
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.