2023 was a banner year for big-ticket concerts, led by pop juggernauts Taylor Swift and Beyoncé taking their fervor-stoking tours through Seattle. While 2024 won’t bring anything quite like Swift’s Eras Tour phenomenon (no such thing), it’s already shaping up to be another blockbusting year of marquee stadium and arena tours.
From octogenarian rock icons to freshly minted pop stars making their arena-headlining debuts, here are 15 of the biggest music stars set to play the Greater Seattle area in 2024.
Decades before artists like Lil Nas X, a reinvented Sam Smith and Kim Petras had pearl-clutchers rabble-rousing about sexualized imagery, Madonna was pushing the envelope from pop music’s center. The risqué queen of dance pop was poised to make Seattle the first American date on her Celebration Tour last summer, before the Material Girl was hospitalized with a bacterial infection. After rescheduling the legacy-fêting run, Madonna’s set for a two-nighter at Climate Pledge Arena that marks Seattle’s first big-ticket pop shows of the new year.
Feb. 17-18; Climate Pledge Arena, 334 First Ave. N., Seattle, $75.50-$1,751.25; climatepledgearena.com
The Puerto Rican prince of reggaeton threw the biggest party a still-young Climate Pledge Arena had ever experienced when his 2022 El Último Tour del Mundo hit Seattle like the Mack truck stage he brought with him. Since then, Bad Bunny’s star has only grown. After becoming the first Latin artist to headline Coachella in 2023, the global superstar returned from a supposed break to drop off his 22-track album “nadie sabe lo que va a pasar mañana” (translation: “nobody knows what is going to happen tomorrow”) last fall without breaking a sweat. Bad Bunny is supporting the trap-heavy collection, which also finds the real-life Benito Martinez dabbling in Jersey club sounds, with 2024’s Most Wanted Tour.
March 9; Climate Pledge Arena, 334 First Ave. N., Seattle; tickets starting at $207.45; climatepledgearena.com
Before the book closed on 2023, Nicki Minaj dropped off her first new studio album in five years, “Pink Friday 2,” which made Minaj the first female rapper to notch three No. 1 albums on the Billboard 200 chart. For her follow-up act, Minaj is embarking on a rare world tour that will include her first headlining Seattle show since a 2012 Paramount Theatre date.
March 10; Climate Pledge Arena, 334 First Ave. N., Seattle; tickets starting at $300; climatepledgearena.com
There’s no shortage of big-time country stars coming to the Seattle area in 2024 — Blake Shelton (March 15, Tacoma Dome), Tim McGraw (March 29, Climate Pledge Arena) and Kane Brown (Aug. 16, T-Mobile Park) among them. But I’m circling the electrifying Cody Johnson, who’s brought a little grit and grease to country’s mainstream, on my calendar. Some fans grumbled when the steadily ascending Johnson was revealed as a Watershed headliner last year, but anyone who’s seen him knows he’s one of the best performers in the biz. Saddle up for this one, country fans.
April 27; Tacoma Dome, 2727 East D St., Tacoma, $55-$80; tacomadome.org
Mortality finally caught up with the world’s most indestructible rock band when drummer Charlie Watts, the Stones’ steadying presence both musically and personality wise, died in 2021. Whether it was a renewed sense of urgency from losing their longtime mate or working with superproducer Andrew Watt, who’s carved a niche helping legacy rockers rekindle some late-career magic, the Stones responded with 2023’s “Hackney Diamonds” — widely considered their finest album since 1981’s “Tattoo You.” This Lumen Field date will be the rock icons’ first Seattle show with the Watts-approved successor Steve Jordan, who played in Keith Richards’ side band The X-Pensive Winos.
May 15; Lumen Field, 800 Occidental Ave. S., Seattle; tickets start at $94.50; lumenfield.com
The funky pop rockers were feeling California when they last pulled into their grunge buddies’ hometown for a midsummer night at T-Mobile Park back in 2022, two months before dropping their second lengthy album of that year. RHCP are still sailing on those sprawling/kinda bloated 2022 LPs — “Unlimited Love” and “Return of the Dream Canteen” — their first since reuniting with heyday guitarist John Frusciante
May 31; Gorge Amphitheatre, 754 Silica Road N.W., Quincy; tickets starting at $100.45; livenation.com
This folk-pop sensation’s massive online following boiled over to a chart-conquering Lumineerian buzz last year, coming on the heels of his late 2022 “Stick Season” LP. The Vermont singer-songwriter, who’s up for a best new artist Grammy this year, will play his biggest (by a longshot) local show yet, taking on the Gorge next summer.
June 29; Gorge Amphitheatre, 754 Silica Road N.W., Quincy; tickets starting at $258; livenation.com
Country’s rum-endorsing king of summer circles back to Seattle this year, bringing his island vibes and No Shoes Nation fan base to Lumen Field. Armed with decades of country radio hits, the perpetually sleeveless honky-tonker remains one of the genre’s biggest draws and his Sun Goes Down tour features some serious firepower among its supporting cast. For this run, Chesney is joined by the country rockin’ stalwarts Zac Brown Band and red-hot newcomer Megan Moroney, who turned Nashville heads last year with her breakout single “Tennessee Orange.” Also performing: Uncle Kracker, Chesney’s back-in-the-day duet partner on the tour’s 2004 namesake “When the Sun Goes Down.”
July 13; Lumen Field, 800 Occidental Ave. S., Seattle; tickets starting at $35; lumenfield.com
This soulful country star is starting to get familiar with Sodo. Following a Lumen Field supporting slot with country legend George Strait last year, Chris Stapleton returns to Seattle’s stadium district for his own headlining date across Royal Brougham Way. This time, Stapleton’s bringing a country legend with him, as a 90-years-young Willie Nelson will link up with Stapleton’s seemingly endless All-American Road Show Tour just for the Seattle date. Upping the ante for a loaded triple bill, recent Rock & Roll Hall of Fame inductee Sheryl Crow hops aboard, too.
July 27; T-Mobile Park, 1250 First Ave. S., Seattle, tickets starting at $59.50; ticketmaster.com
The latest in the teen Disney-to-pop-star pipeline, Olivia Rodrigo infiltrated eardrums with her inescapable 2021 smash “Drivers License,” which crossed over from TikTok hit to pop radio ubiquity. But in Gen Z fashion, the former child actor is resculpting the mold for her generation, specializing in angst-harnessing pop balladry and spinning punky ’90s alt-rock elements into modern pop songs. Rodrigo’s acclaimed sophomore album “Guts” has the singer-songwriter up for everything of the year at the Grammys in February, and the struggling Kraken have better odds of winning the Stanley Cup than you do scoring tickets to Rodrigo’s twin Climate Pledge Arena shows this summer.
Aug. 6-7; Climate Pledge Arena, 334 First Ave. N., Seattle; sold out
Another legacy rock band forging on after the death of their drummer, Dave Grohl and the Foos channeled their vintage fuzzed-bombed, big-hooking ways on last year’s “But Here We Are” — the band’s first album without the late Taylor Hawkins since 1997’s “The Colour and the Shape.” Riding the album’s emotional outpouring, the Foo Fighters embark on their Everything or Nothing at All Tour, which hits T-Mobile Park this summer. It’ll be the band’s first trip back to their birth city since christening Climate Pledge Arena shortly before being inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Support from the Pretenders and Alex G make this one of the best stadium rock bills of the summer.
Aug. 18; T-Mobile Park, 1250 First Ave. S., Seattle; $59.50-$179.50; ticketmaster.com
Seven years after they last pulverized Lumen Field, the Bay Area metal gods are doubling down on their stadium-crushing ways. With their M72 World Tour (the name evoking their thrashtastic new double album “72 Seasons”), Metallica are bringing “no repeat weekends” to select cities around the world, playing two shows per town with different openers and set lists each night. It’s a fresh approach for a band which, if there’s any knock against their colossal live shows, it’s the relative predictability of their song selections. Joined by openers Pantera and Mammoth WVH the first night and Five Finger Death Punch and Ice Nine Kills the second, Metallica’s Seattle stand is their last on U.S. soil before closing the tour with a four-night, two-weekend blitz in Mexico City.
Aug. 30 and Sept. 1; Lumen Field, 800 Occidental Ave. S., Seattle; $55-$345 single night, two-night passes start at $145; lumenfield.com
Almost a year after postponing a pair of anticipated Tacoma Dome dates that trailed a summerlong stadium run with Brandi Carlile, the acrobatic pop singer is set to return for the makeup dates right after Labor Day. Tickets for the original dates will be honored.
Sept. 3-4; Tacoma Dome, 2727 East D St., Tacoma; tickets starting at $64; tacomadome.org
The stadium-slaying pop punks put another local ballpark date on the books after entering Julio and the Mariners’ No Fly Zone in 2021, when the band’s fiery Hella Mega Tour capped a wild post-lockdown Labor Day weekend of concerts. This time, Green Day will be toasting to 30 years of their landmark “Dookie” album, 20 years of “American Idiot” and, like, eight months of the Bay Area trio’s new “Saviors” LP, arriving Jan. 19. Green Day will be joined by fellow ‘90s rock greats The Smashing Pumpkins, pop-punk veterans Rancid, and The Linda Lindas.
Sept. 23; T-Mobile Park, 1250 First Ave. S., Seattle; tickets starting at $39.50; ticketmaster.com
The former Washington Navy man continued his unorthodox march to the top of music’s mainstreams in 2023 with his folky, country-rocking self-titled album — one of the biggest releases of the year. The former Whidbey Island resident, who, in 2022, played his first proper Seattle show after being honorably discharged to a rabid WAMU Theater crowd, has quickly ascended to playing stadiums along 2024’s The Quittin Time Tour. Though with his return to the state where he wrote many of his first big songs not coming until late fall, the prolific songsmith will do two nights at the Tacoma Dome. While he first found favor among online country music circles, Bryan’s emotionally toiling songs are more Jason Isbell than Jason Aldean, hewing closer to a Southern-charmed blend of frayed indie folk and heartland rock than anything else on country radio.
Nov. 22-23; Tacoma Dome, 2727 East D St., Tacoma; $150-$471.25; tacomadome.org
The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times.