HOME BLOG
Jan 27, 2024, 1:59 PM
BY JIM LAWSON
KOSI 101.1
Baltimore artist paints mural of Taylor Swift in a Ravens jersey.
The Daily Mail reports that Baltimore-area graffiti artists have painted a mural of Taylor Swift in a Lamar Jackson jersey this week just days before the popstar arrives to watch Travis Kelce and the Chiefs take on the Ravens.
Swift wore a jacket designed by fellow NFL WAG Kristin Juszczyk during the Chiefs win over the Miami Dolphins two weeks ago and was in a luxury suite with members of the Kelce family for Kansas City’s win in Buffalo last Sunday. 
The mural appears at the warehouse for Maryland merchandise company Route One Apparel.
It contains Swift in a purple Ravens jersey, which Baltimore will wear against the Chiefs. The jersey also has Jackson’s No. 8 on the back, with the word ‘Baltimore’ where the player’s name typically goes on a jersey. 
Photo: Route One Apparel
You can check out the apparel or buy it here
The Baltimore Ravens play the Kansas City Chiefs for the AFC Championship Sunday at 1pm on CBS.
Jenny D

                                        Dale Jones might be a “Star Wars” nerd, but he is hilarious and brutally honest! Laughing so hard I was crying!                                    
19 hours ago
Tammy Oakland

                                        Colorado drivers have a serious case of road rage. ConsumerAffairs ranked the state as the third worst in the country, climbing up from fourth place last year.  The ranking comes […]                                    
20 hours ago
Tammy Oakland

                                        It’s never to early to start talking about Christmas! Denver’s dazzling Mile High Tree is on the move! This holiday season, it’s heading to the Auraria Campus, right next to […]                                    
21 hours ago
Jenny D

                                        Congrats to of #Ami of #arvada you won a pair of tickets to #MaddieandTae                                    
1 day ago
Jenny D

                                        The company, F21 OpCo, plans to wind down its U.S. business under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with liquidation sales.                                    
2 days ago
Jenny D

                                        Luckily no one was injured!                                    
2 days ago