Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
New year, new movies to keep you entertained in 2024! The first week of the year offers dozens of fresh options, including Dan Levy’s directorial debut Good Grief on Netflix, the psychological thriller FOE starring Paul Mescal and Saoirse Ronan on Prime, as well as the first big awards show of the year, the 81st Golden Globe Awards, streaming this Sunday on Paramount+.
Not sure which new releases to check out? Let us here at Decider help you figure out what to watch this weekend and where to stream it.
If you’ve missed Dan Levy’s signature blend of empathy and comedy, his newest project, Good Grief, a film he wrote, directed, and stars in, is now out on Netflix. On Prime Video, you can check out the near-futuristic thriller FOE, starring Saoirse Ronan and Paul Mescal as a couple whose future may depend on their having to make some difficult choices involving a robot clone. And if you love the glitz and glamour of occasionally-controversial award shows, the Golden Globes are streaming on Sunday night over on Paramount+!
Written and directed by Schitt’s Creek star Dan Levy, Good Grief co-stars Levy, Ruth Negga, and Himesh Patel as three friends who take a trip to Paris to cope with loss. When artist Marc Dreyfus’ (Levy)  husband dies suddenly, Marc learns of a secret Paris apartment that his dead spouse had purchased. Still grieving a year after the death, Marc brings his two best friends friends on a trip to help get over the loss and move past the demons that haunted him and his relationship. 
The Golden Globes mark the beginning of awards season, and this year you can stream them on Paramount+. The show will be hosted by Jo Koy and will honor the best TV and film productions of the past year, and will hopefully answer the question we’ve all been wondering for months: Will Barbie, Oppenheimer, or Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour be the crowning cinematic achievement of 2023? The Globes will be broadcast starting at 8PM ET on CBS and Paramount+.
In the Amazon-produced dystopian thriller FOE, Paul Mescal and Saoirse Ronan play Junior and  Henrietta, a married couple living  struggling to get by. Junior is approached by a stranger named Terrance  (Aaron Pierre), who tells him he has been chosen to live aboard a space  station for two years. In his absence, he will be replaced by a robot that will live with Henrietta who is a clone of Junior. Though Junior’s  role will help advance chances for human survival, the existential  question here is whether or not their relationship can survive the  experiment.
The options above only scratch the surface, so you know that this weekend’s full lineup will have amazing options for what to watch this weekend! For the full breakdown of the best movies and shows to stream now, or if you’re still undecided on what to stream this weekend, then check out the complete list below:
Boy Swallows Universe (AU) *NETFLIX SERIES
Society of the Snow (ES) *NETFLIX FILM
The Brothers Sun *NETFLIX SERIES
Good Grief *NETFLIX FILM
Gyeongseong Creature: Part 2 (KR) *NETFLIX SERIES
The Florida Project
Foe (2024) *Prime Video Original Movie
Hit: S3 (2020)
James May: Our Man in India (2024) *Prime Video Original Series
Transformers: Rise of the Beasts (2023)
Ancient Aliens: Complete Season 19 (A&E)
Alien Encounters: Complete Season 1 (A&E)
Be the BOSS: Complete Season 1
Danger Below Deck | 2023
Daughters of the Cult: Complete Season 1 *Hulu Original
I Can See Your Voice: Season 3 Premiere (Fox)
Rowhouse Showdown: Complete Season 1
We Are Family: Series Premiere (Fox)
All Fun and Games | 2023
The System | 2022
Rare Objects | 2023
The Incredible Pol Farm: Series Premiere (National Geographic)
Mystery at Blind Frog Ranch, Season 3 (Discovery Channel) 
Creator League Series, Season 5
My Lottery Dream Home, Season 14 (HGTV)
OWN Celebrates the New Color Purple (OWN) 
Ready to Love: Make a Move (OWN)
Tricky Dick (CNN Original) 
Carnival Eats, Season 11 (Cooking Channel)
Diana (CNN Original)
Evil Lives Here: Shadows Of Death, Season 3B (ID)
Home Town, Season 8 (HGTV)
OWN Spotlight: Oprah & Taraji P. Henson (OWN)
Worst Cooks in America, Season 27 (Food Network) 
X-Men (2000)
The Incredible Pol Farm (S1, 14 episodes) 
The Uplift (Season 2024)
The 81st Annual Golden Globe AwardsHere Comes the Sun (Season 2024)The Takeout (Season 8)
What you see above is just a portion of the new movies and shows you can watch this month if you’ve got more than one streaming service subscription. We update our guides to the new releases on the most popular streaming platforms every month, so you can stay on top of the freshest titles to watch. Here are full lists, schedules, and reviews for everything streaming:
Liz Kocan is a pop culture writer living in Massachusetts. Her biggest claim to fame is the time she won on the game show Chain Reaction.

This story has been shared 3,331 times.
3,331


This story has been shared 1,919 times.
1,919


This story has been shared 1,197 times.
1,197


This story has been shared 600 times.
600


This story has been shared 543 times.
543


This story has been shared 504 times.
504


This story has been shared 460 times.
460


This story has been shared 446 times.
446


This story has been shared 364 times.
364


This story has been shared 337 times.
337


This story has been shared 328 times.
328


This story has been shared 204 times.
204


This story has been shared 200 times.
200


This story has been shared 167 times.
167


This story has been shared 162 times.
162