Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have a fan in Jessie James Decker.
The musician, who is currently expecting her fourth child with her former NFL player husband Eric Decker, told E! News she thinks the pair could be each other’s “end game.”
“I understand and get why it works,” she explained, “and I’m really happy for them ’cause I think it could go all the way.”
Pulling from her personal experience of being a singer married to an athlete, Jessie said having a different career than your partner is a huge positive because the couple can have a mutual “respect and admiration and understanding” of each other’s profession without “crossing into each other’s stuff.”
“You’re not slipping into each other’s work field but you’re both in the public eye and you’re both in entertainment and you’re both at a very high profession,” Jessie, 35, further explained. 
“So you understand where the other person is coming from and you have grace for what the other person’s [doing].”
“For me,” she added, “I’ve been with my husband for 13 years now, it just makes all this sense.”
For more Page Six you love…
Jessie and Eric, 36, tied the knot in 2013 and have a 9-year-old daughter, Vivianne Rose, and two sons, Eric “Bubby” Thomas Decker II, 8, and Forrest Bradley, 5.
They announced they had a fourth baby on the way in August 2023 and revealed they were expecting a little boy in November.
While Kelce and Swift, both 34, aren’t at that stage in their relationship yet, a source told Page Six they are planning to get engaged in July, around the time of their first anniversary. 
“Taylor and Travis discussed it and there is a plan,” our insider divulged. 
Another person close to the famous couple informed Page Six in December 2023 that the Kansas City Chiefs player already asked Swift’s father, Scott Swift, for permission to marry her.
“Scott has been asked for his blessing and has wholeheartedly given it, and Travis has been talking to friends about a ring,” the source noted.
The pair has been shameless about showing off their love, from holding hands in New York City to kissing at an Eras Tour show in Argentina. 
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” the Grammy winner said during her 2023 Time Person of the Year profile about their romance.
As for how they’re handling the spotlight when it comes to their romance, Kelce revealed in a press conference Friday that they won’t listen to “outside noise” and are focused on their happiness. 
Advertisement