Getty Images (3)
Best believe Taylor Swift is still “Bejeweled”! The Grammy-winning singer-songwriter isn’t afraid to be spotted out and about by paparazzi, and we’re obsessed with the looks she’s been seen in recently — along with the star-studded company she keeps. Keep reading to see photos of her best looks from 2024 so far.
During an interview with ASOS Magazine in 2014, Taylor spoke about her signature style — as well as avoiding fashion trends.
“I think that as much as you should be creative and experiment, there are certain things I know are fads, and so I try to steer clear of most of the obvious ones,” she said. “I play the tape of my life forward and don’t wear the things that my kids or grandkids will make fun of me for wearing, [like] ‘Wow, cool, Mom, cool cowboy boots that you were wearing constantly in 2006!'”
The Grammy winner continued, “For me, it’s important to be comfortable in what I’m wearing. Being comfortable means that no one’s going to be able to pull a fast one and take a picture of me that they’ll deem to be embarrassing. I don’t want to wear something so short that I’m scared there will be a wardrobe malfunction.”
On top of that, she also revealed that she dresses based on what her friends think, rather than anyone else.
“When I’m getting dressed, it’s always based on what my friends will think,” she added. “They are my number one priority, and the opinions of girls are more important to me at this point in my life.”
That checks, as she’s constantly spotted out with besties like Blake Lively, Keleigh Sperry, Sophie Turner, Suki Waterhouse, Brittany Mahomes, among so many others.
At the time, Taylor opened up to the magazine about keeping her friendships real. “My friends are the kind of people that have their own lives, and their own busy schedules, and that’s why we get along so well,” she revealed. “A lot of ‘celebrities’ surround themselves with these very chic cling-ons who don’t really have much of a job or a passion, they follow around their celebrity BFF and provide constant affirmation for them and I’m really not interested in that kind of deal.”
Click through our gallery to see some of Taylor’s best outfits from 2024 so far.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 4
Photo by Gotham/GC Images
One of her first looks from 2024 was this huge overcoat over a dark green dress, complete with black boots.
2 of 4
Photo by Robert Kamau/GC Images
Fans are convinced that Taylor was hinting at a Reputation rerelease album with this velvet green dress and snake-skinned boots she sported on January 10, as both snakes and the color green are important to the 2017 album. On top of that, fans theorized that Blake is dressed as a coral snake, one of the most poisonous snakes in North America, and are known for their red, black and orange stripes.
3 of 4
Photo by DAMEBK/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
She wore a casual athleisure outfit while leaving Electric Lady Studios in New York City on January 11.
4 of 4
Photo by DAMEBK/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
We’re loving this Reputation-esque all-black outfit she sported on January 23.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved