Seriously?
Getty
 From award show red carpets and sold-out stadiums to commercials and billboards, Taylor Swift is everywhere these days. And while she might be one of the most recognizable celebrities of our time given her blonde hair and signature red lip, Travis Kelce's dad, Ed, couldn't put a name to the face the first time he met the pop star. 

 During a recent appearance on Audacy 92.3’s The Fan radio show, Ed explained that it's common for Travis to have friends over at his house before a Kansas City Chiefs home game even when he's not there, and one time, Taylor walked through the door. Ed knew she looked familiar, but couldn't remember her name.  

 “Taylor walks in with a security guy, and I look at her, and I say [to my girlfriend] Maureen, 'Oh my God! I know this kid, but I don't know what her name is.' Jeez, you know, like a real idiot," he said. "And [my girlfriend] says, 'You don't know her? This is Taylor Swift, you idiot.'"

Getty
 Since Taylor and Travis started dating, Ed has become recognizable himself. “I’ll be [in] the grocery store, somebody will smile and say, ‘Hey!’ Come over and say [hi], and I have no idea who they are," he explained. "That has certainly picked up and become more frequent by a long shot than the before-Taylor days.”

 However, all the public attention surrounding Taylor and Travis's relationship hasn't affected how the couple feel about each other. During a Chiefs press conference on Friday, Travis revealed how he and Taylor navigate being in the spotlight.

 "The only thing we've talked about is as long as we're happy, we can't listen to anything that's outside noise," the tight end said, adding, "That's all that matters."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)