Shop
Paramore have had to pull out of their headline slot at ALTer Ego Festival in LA due to “unforeseen circumstances”.
The band had been set to perform at the event in Los Angeles alongside The 1975, Sum 41, Yellowcard and more. However, in a statement posted on their Instagram story, the band have confirmed that “Due to unforeseen circumstances, Paramore can no longer attend and perform at iHeartRadio ALTer EGO on January 13. The band apologises for any inconvenience.”
They will be replaced at the event by Fall Out Boy who said “We are thrilled to join the 2024 iHeartRadio ALTer EGO lineup and celebrate our most recent album ‘So Much (For) Stardust’. We are looking forward to closing out an incredible night of music in advance of our upcoming ‘So Much For (2our)Dust’ US concert run.”
Fans from around the world can stream the entire show live on Veeps, get more details right here.
Paramore recently deleted all posts from their social media accounts as they wrap up their ‘This Is Why’ era. They are set to return to the UK this summer when they support Taylor Swift on her upcoming stadium tour.
As the most elusive and exciting band in the world make their highly anticipated return, we dive into the new era of Sleep Token in this special edition magazine.
The spooky anthem is written from the perspective of a ghost
Hear the first track, 'Balloons', now,
The band's forthcoming album 'Death Or Glory' is set to arrive on August 30.
It draws inspiration from the death of Isaac Holman’s friend and arrives with an equally moving video.
powered by
To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen.