Shop trendy frames from retailers, like EyeBuyDirect, GlassesUSA, Warby Parker, Peepers and Zenni, now that your new insurance and FSA balance have started.GlassesUSA/EyeBuyDirect/Peepers
When you need a new pair of glasses, sometimes putting it off just isn’t an option.
Now that the new year is in full swing, though, even if you’re shopping online for glasses somewhere that doesn’t accept insurance, you can still take advantage of FSA funds re-upped for 2024.
If you’re unsure whether flexible spending dollars can be applied to your prescriptions, you can usually find “FSA/HSA” or more broad-spectrum “Vision Insurance” resource tabs on the eyewear sites you’re shopping from.
Doing your shopping online will save you big bucks, anyway, because many of the sites feature frequent discounts on certain designer collections, buy-one-get-one offers and promo codes for orders above a certain spend threshold.
If you’ve never ordered prescription frames online before, it’s easier than you might think.
Here is a selection of fashionable frames to snap up with your FSA account or vision insurance back in action:
Price: starting from $77 instead of $96 (with MARSAI20 coupon)
“ME-WOWWWW,” is all you can say about these frames with a cat-eye design and feline-inspired lines. The metal temples woven into the plastic silhouette makes these glasses worthy of any kind of ‘fit. Just keep in mind that certain prescription readings require polycarbonate lenses (i.e. you don’t have the option to choose the free 1.5 index basic lenses), which can add a significant amount more to your total bill.
Price: starting from $16
Sleek, modern and made from durable stainless steel, you can pair these half-rim frames with casual, everyday wear and formal ensembles. Plus, you get the high-quality frames, basic prescription lenses and additional features, like anti-scratch coating and UV protection included in the price.
Price: starting from $95
To add a touch of vintage flair to any ensemble, these wood-inspired Chestnut Crystal frames pair just as well with a cozy sweater and high-waisted jeans as they do with a tweed jacket over a crisp white tee and trousers. Intellectual aesthetics for the win! Plus with the $95 price, you get the single-vision prescription, impact-resistant polycarbonate lenses with anti-reflective and scratch-resistant coatings, 100% UV ray blockage, free shipping, free returns or exchanges within 30 days, free scratched lens replacement and acceptance of FSA, HSA and insurance, which can save you about $100 on average.
Price: starting from $15
Whether it’s school clothes, gym shorts or more formal wear like tunics and tights or button-ups and collared shirts, whatever your kiddos are wearing will vibe with these ultra-modern, fashionable and affordable Piano frames — which come with anti-scratch and anti-reflective lenses for an additional $7. All orders from EyeBuyDirect include 14-day free returns and 24/7 customer service. You can also use FSA and HSA funds to order them.
Price: starting from $29
If you don’t need corrective lenses, but still want a stylish pair of blue light glasses for work or TV-watching, these tortoise frames are simple and statement-making. They feature a proprietary, baked-in Blue Light lens formula that can help soothe digital eye strain, reduce headaches and alleviate tired eyes. Plus, all Peepers styles come with a protective gray carrying case and a 90-day return policy.
Price: starting from $16
If tortoise frames make you come out of your shell, this multi-marbled-matte translucent design in three colorways — coral, flamingo and sea — is a great twist on the trend. Dress them up with a sophisticated blazer and slacks combo or go for a casual chic look with your favorite half-zip pullover and comfy leggings.
Price: starting from $53 instead of $88 (with LENSES50 coupon)
Hold for the perfect thinly-engineered gunmetal black frames. Dress them down for a more casual and trendy look, like a white T-shirt, dark jeans and a leather jacket. Or go timeless and sophisticated for a wedding, important work meeting or date night with a button-down shirt, tailored trousers and a structured blazer. The flexible arms and adjustable nose pads provide all-day comfort.
Price: starting from $95
If you need an iconic accessory reminiscent of Taylor Swift’s signature red lip, you can try these red-hot cat-eye frames. Come to think of it, these are probably the perfect Valentine’s Day gift for a cat-loving Swiftie. Whether you’re rocking a retro-inspired polka-dot swing dress or a casual jeans, tee and cardigan combination, these glasses are the ultimate outfit cincher to showcase your individual style.
Price: starting from $22 instead of $29
Speaking of iconic: These classic black readers are reminiscent of another pop culture titan, Clark Kent. While these aren’t completely rectangular, like Superman’s alter-ego, they’re still sharp and heroic. And if you’re feeling anxious about the prospect of needing readers, let that last word, “heroic,” play out in your head. Clark Kent was a vision, a moment, if you will — and these glasses are sure to inspire the same level of confidence and self-assurance.
Price: starting from $19
And finally, a style that has stood the test of time: classic wire frames. The cool factor with these, though, is the round half-rimmed lenses. If “geek-chic” is the look you’ve been working on for a while, then these trend-defying clear glasses with metal construction are your match.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Danielle Halibey can be reached at dhalibey@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices