On Friday, Travis Kelce shared how he and Taylor Swift feel about the attention they receive as their relationship progresses, during a Kansas City Chiefs press conference. Since Swift first attended a Chiefs game in late September of last year, the couple have been under intense scrutiny, especially at NFL matches where Swift can frequently be seen in the VIP box cheering on her football star boyfriend.
“As long as we’re happy, we can’t listen to anything that’s outside noise,” Kelce said. “That's all that matters.”
He added, “I brought this upon myself, and I do enjoy having fun with it all, and the biggest thing is making sure my focus is right here in this building.”
Though many fans thought Swift's attendance at Arrowhead Stadium last fall was the beginning of their dating life, the couple have actually been seeing one another since July. Kelce has said he attended one of Swift's Eras Tour concerts that summer at the Kansas City venue and he attempted to make contact then. While she wasn't available to chat before her concert, they did connect and tested the waters before going public. 
Swift TIME magazine in December after being named Person of the Year, “When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care. The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other.”
Since then, Kelce has traveled to catch Swift's shows as she toured through Argentina and Brazil, and she has been back and forth across the U.S. for his games as the Super Bowl draws near.
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.