Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing contestant JB Gill has revealed to fans a the behind-the-scenes glimpse of the training he undertook with Amy Dowden before she collapsed. They performed their dance – a Foxtrot for Toploader's Dancing in the Moonlight – as part of the show’s Halloween special last Saturday. The JLS singer took the pair to his Instagram to show them rehearsing the dance.
On Saturday night, Amy fell ill, and was taken to Barnet Hospital as a “precaution”. Following her scare dancer Lauren Oakley is replacing Amy, stepping in to train with JB while the dancer recovers. JB captioned his post with: "This week was bittersweet! Despite the ups and downs, grateful to be through to another week."
Fans were quick to comment with one saying: "Hope and pray that Amy gets better very soon and you both will be reunited back on the Dance floor but good luck JB for Saturday night."
Amy was diagnosed with breast cancer in May 2023, just 10 months after marrying Ben Jones on South Wales' Gower Peninsula in June 2022. The couple were about to embark on their honeymoon when she discovered a lump.
 In April this year, she announced she would be returning to the show, and she made a sensational return in the first episode of the new series.
During her illness, Amy has credited the thought of getting back to the Strictly ballroom as being something which gave her the strength in her battle against cancer. JB has said that training for this weekend's shows without Amy was 'surreal.'
He appeared in BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills programme, hosted by OJ Borg, and said: "We’ve been able to build an incredible rapport over the last six, seven weeks, and it’s been great going to the training room with her and working on the new routine."
"For me, learning different styles – whether it’s a ballroom style or new Latin style – and then watching that process sort of as it builds into the show that we put on, on the Saturday night."
He continued: "So to not have her in rehearsals this week has been a bit surreal. But the best thing is that she’s taken some time to get better."
This week, JB will be performing a Couple's Choice dance to a Bruno Mars medley during Icons week with new partner Lauren, he said: "It’s gonna be a bit more, I guess, individual side by side, because it’s icons week this week on the show and we’re gonna have a chance to express ourselves together."
"So actually, I feel like it’s gonna be a good way for me to, you know, to approach obviously the changes that we’ve had this week."
Sign up to OK!'s daily newsletter to get updates sent to your inbox for free