Travis Lazarus "Travie" McCoy (born August 5, 1981) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. He is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the rap rock band Gym Class Heroes, in addition to having a solo career.  McCoy became involved with punk rock scenes as a teenager. He formed the band Gym Class Heroes with childhood friend Matt McGinley; after several line-up changes, the group was signed to Fueled by Ramen, which released their debut album. 
Gym Class Heroes took a three-year hiatus from music, leaving McCoy to focus on his solo career; McCoy released, under T-Pain's label Nappy Boy Entertainment, his debut solo album, Lazarus, in 2010. The lead single from the album, "Billionaire" (featuring Bruno Mars), peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100 and number three on the UK Singles Chart.


Travis Lazarus "Travie" McCoy (born August 5, 1981) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. He is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the rap rock band Gym Class Heroes, in addition to having a solo career.  McCoy became involved with punk rock scenes as a teenager. He formed the band Gym Class Heroes with childhood friend Matt McGinley; after several line-up changes, the group was signed to Fueled by Ramen, which released their debut album. 

Gym Class Heroes took a three-year hiatus from music, leaving McCoy to focus on his solo career; McCoy released, under T-Pain's label Nappy Boy Entertainment, his debut solo album, Lazarus, in 2010. The lead single from the album, "Billionaire" (featuring Bruno Mars), peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100 and number three on the UK Singles Chart.


Read more on Wikipedia


                                    (2010)
                                
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Everybody Loves Cake
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together

                                    Celebrate with the Carnival on Hamburg Street!
                                

                                    Join us at the Cohoes Public Library on Saturday, May 3rd as we celebrate Star Wars Day and Free Comic Book Day!
                                

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.