Bey will hit the halftime stage for the Houston Texans Vs. Baltimore Ravens bout. 

							By 

	Jessica Bennett

News Editor

Beyoncé is preparing for her next big performance, as the Houston-bred diva will return to her hometown to perform during the NFL’s Christmas game featuring the Houston Texans taking on the Baltimore Ravens. In her latest promo, Bey all but guarantees that fans will be able to see her perform tracks from her 2024 release, Cowboy Carter, for the first time during the halftime show.

	“A Cowboy Carter Christmas. HOUSTON, TEXAS 12.25,” Bey captioned the social media promo, where she’s seen decked out in a glamorous white ‘fit with a matching — and very large — fur cowboy hat. A large cactus also takes the place of a traditional pine Christmas tree, an apt substitution considering the game’s locale. Check out the quick teaser below.

	










	The promo follows Bey’s publicist, Yvette Noel-Schure, sharing the unfortunate news that there is currently no Cowboy Carter tour on the docket for the Greatest Pop Star of the 21st Century. While she will likely tour the album eventually, this Christmas Day performance is the only confirmed time fans will get to see the Grammy’s most decorated artist take on tracks from the album including “Texas Hold ‘Em,” “16 Carriages,” “II MOST WANTED,” and more. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			







	A press release from Netflix also confirmed that the halftime show will be “the first live performance of songs from her genre-bending and record-breaking COWBOY CARTER, album.” It also indicated that the songstress will be bringing out a few guest artists who were featured on the album, which include Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy & Reyna Roberts, Miley Cyrus, Willie Jones, Post Malone, Linda Martell, Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and Shaboozey.

	The mother of three previously headlined the Super Bowl Halftime Show in 2013, where she brought out her Destiny’s Child group-mates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. Three years later, she was joined by Bruno Mars and Coldplay for one of the most watched halftime shows in NFL history.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.