The Masked Singer fans reckon they've worked out exactly who Piranha is on the ITV series after Saturday night's instalment.
Air Fryer, Bubble Tea, Owl, Piranha and Eiffel Tower were the five costumes battling it out to be saved as they took on school disco week. But as Piranha delivered another outstanding performance and gave away some huge hints, some fans are now convinced they have revealed their identity on the show, writes The Mirror.
Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross and Mo Gilligan were back on the panel this week joined by actress and comedian Jennifer Saunders, with panellist Rita Ora absent again.
Piranha took to stage to perform once more, and the clues included being different, references to the millennium and being frightened of their own shadow.
There were also clues about being on stage and some pinecones and hand soap as they then performed Treasure by Bruno Mars.
However fans at home are convinced Piranha was a musician and TV talent show coach or judge who is behind the masked. They reckon that the vocals alone pretty much gave the game away, given the singer's distinctive voice.
Fans were sure once more that it was McFly's Danny Jones performing as Piranha, with him being a coach on The Voice Kids UK. McFly appeared on British soap Hollyoaks, and in a movie with Chris Pine - hence the pinecones. They also won a Brit Award in 2005, with this year being included as a clue.
The clues and the voice led many to this decision, with one fan writing on X: "piranha is 1000000000000% @itsDannyJones," as another said: "Piranha is Danny Jones from Mcfly on the @MaskedSingerUK. He will definitely go on to win!"
Another penned: "I’m sticking with Danny from Mcfly being piranha," while one said: "piranha is a million times Danny Jones. It has to be."
It comes a week after the judges booted out the third celebrity, as Rat was unmasked as Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.