The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame just gained lots of funk and soul, thanks to music artists from the Garden State.
A ceremony for the 2024 inductees was held on Saturday night in Cleveland, home of the RRHOF museum.
Eight acts joined the hall of fame in the "performer category," including the band Kool & the Gang, which got its start in Jersey City.
Four acts were inducted through the "musical excellence" category, including East Orange-born singer Dionne Warwick.
Both artists were present for the ceremony and proved they can still work a stage.
Warwick, who is also a member of the New Jersey Hall of Fame, was inducted into the RRHOF on Saturday by Teyana Taylor, the actress who's playing the role of Warwick in an upcoming biopic.
Following a video recapping Warwick's accomplishments, 83-year-old Warwick joined American Idol alum Jennifer Hudson on stage for a performance of the 1979 hit "I'll Never Love This Way Again." Afterward, Warwick handled vocals on her own for a truncated version of her song "Walk On By."
Warwick followed the performance with a speech in front of a crowd at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse, during which she jokingly referred to Taylor as her "alter ego."
A post shared by Rock & Roll Hall of Fame (@rockhall)
Jimmy Buffet, Norman Whitfield, and MC5 also received the honor in the "musical excellence" category.
Robert "Kool" Bell, the last surviving member of the original Kool & the Gang lineup, along with James "JT" Taylor, who eventually became lead singer of the funk group, rocked the venue with a medley of hits including "Get Down On It," "Jungle Boogie," and "Celebration."
A post shared by Rock & Roll Hall of Fame (@rockhall)
Rapper Chuck D had the honor of inducted the group into the RRHOF.
Kool and his brother Robert formed the group in Hudson County in 1964. A Jersey City street has since been named in their honor.
"Kool & the Gang’s impact cannot be understated – from the throwback grooves of Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars to the inclusion of the group’s songs in almost every party playlist," the RRHOF website says. "Countless samples of their music laid the foundation for some of hip-hop’s biggest hits by artists including Eric B. & Rakim, Tupac, Lil’ Kim, and JAY-Z."
Inducted into the "performer" category along with Kool & the Gang were Mary J. Blige, Cher, Dave Matthews Band, Foreigner, Peter Frampton, Ozzy Osbourne, and A Tribe Called Quest.
The ceremony streamed live on Disney+. It's available to view now on Hulu.
Report a correction 👈 | 👉 Contact our newsroom
Gallery Credit: Stacker
Gallery Credit: New Jersey 101.5