Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing fans have been quick to declare 'nobody is safe' on the show, after this week's spoiler leaked a huge upset and gave the new series its most shocking result so far.
Icons Week proved to be a great night for Strictly, with its new theme being lapped up by millions of viewers and bringing the best out of some of the remaining celebrities, with Shayne Ward and JB Gill both getting their highest scores so far, as JLS star JB ended up joint top of the leaderboard with Tasha Ghouri, after both of them got 39 out of 40.
Both achieved the near perfect score thanks to two brilliant Couple's Choices, with JB dancing with stand in partner Lauren Oakley to a Bruno Mars medley, as Amy Dowden watched on from the sidelines; while Tasha and her pro partner Aljaz Škorjanec delivered an emotional theme to Pink hit What About Us, after Tasha opened up about the vile abuse she received from online trolls whilst appearing on Love Island two years ago.
At the other end of the leaderboard, Pete Wicks finished bottom for the first time, getting just 22 out of 40 for his salsa to Queen's Another One Bites The Dust, after a few two many weeks in the performance that opened the show.
Prior to Saturday night's Icons Week special, former X Factor winner Shayne had been made the clear favourite to go, having been in the dance-off twice, with Wynne Evans and Sam Quek also predicted to be in danger. 
This week's spoiler leaked around 11pm on Saturday, less than three hours after the live show ended and, while ChronicleLive has chosen NOT to reveal either of the couples in the dance-off, their identities caused a lot of upset online. Within moment of the spoiler surfacing online, one fan reacted: "I’m sorry what! WTF!!! This is terrible" as another wrote: "WHAT?! I'M FLOORED!! This has fully p***ed me off actually"
A third posted: "WOW! This one has made me really sad. This just proves that NOBODY is safe and votes really matter" as another replied: "wtf I’m in shock at this"
The shock surrounding this week's result continued into Sunday morning, with another incensed fan writing: "Oh wow I was not expecting that!!!" as another reacted: "Crikey! This feels like a gut punch of an outcome"