Lady Gaga showed off her adorable new French bulldog puppy on TikTok more than three years after the gruesome dog kidnapping plot that left her dog walker shot and injured.
If the world was ending, Lady Gaga would want to be next to her adorable new puppy.
The 38-year-old debuted the precious French bulldog puppy on TikTok Aug. 21, cupping the tiny dog in her hands as she lip synced to her new collaboration with Bruno Mars, “Die With a Smile.”
The tri-color Frenchie has a dark gray body with a light brown snout and eyebrow-shaped spots over his eyes. Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta, didn’t reveal the little cutie’s name, but she did caption the video with a simple snowflake emoji.
The Joker: Folie a Deux actress also showcased her newly made over look in the clip, rocking her black hair, bold blue eyeshadow, and bright red lipstick, giving her a very Harley Quinn-esque look.
In the comments section, Dylan Mulvaney wrote, “Need to meet them immediately,” to which Gaga replied, “Our new Queen.”
Gaga has a long history with French bulldogs. She’s also the owner of an all-black Frenchie named Miss Asia, a fawn-colored cutie named Koji, and a white pup with black spots named Gustav.
Though the GRAMMY winner used to feature her pets regularly on social media, that all changed in 2021 when her friend and dog walker, Ryan Fischer, was shot when robbers stole two of the singer’s beloved dogs, Koji and Gustav.
"My beloved dogs Koji and Gustav were taken in Hollywood two nights ago,” Gaga shared in a statement at the time, offering a $500,000 reward for the animals’ safe return. “My heart is sick and I am praying my family will be whole again with an act of kindness." 
The dogs were returned two days later and after months in the hospital, Fischer recovered from his injuries. Five people were later arrested related to the dog napping incident, including James Howard Jackson, who shot Fischer, and was later sentenced to 21 years in prison in December 2022.
During the case, Fischer gave a statement which he later posted on Instagram, saying, “I suddenly found myself fighting with everything I had to protect those dogs from being stolen. But it wasn't enough: I was beaten, strangled, shot and left to die bleeding out on a sidewalk and gasping for my life. And Koji and Gustav were gone."
In January, Fischer gave an update on his mental state years after the incident occurred, saying he still suffered from PTSD. 
"Life became almost impossible to navigate," he wrote on Instagram. "As I continue to develop tools to take me out of that fear and place me into the present, I am so happy to look at how I continue to heal."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.