Jodie Foster attends the 81st Annual Golden Globe Awards at The Beverly Hilton on January 07, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California.
Jodie Foster wanted her sons to think she lead a normal life, so she lied about her acting career as they were growing up. The True Detective: Night Country star said during a recent appearance on The View that didn't want her sons Charlie and Christopher "to know me that way." Foster, who has been acting for almost her whole life, wanted her kids to know her as their mom and "the person who went away to work and stuff," Jodie explained during her January 19 appearance. Because she didn't want "Charlie" and "Kit" to be "confused" about what she did for work, Foster, 61, made her oldest, Charlie believe she worked in construction.
The Taxi Driver alum told the ladies of The View she would bring him on set as a toddler and bought him a plastic tool belt. For a really long time, Foster, who shares her kids with former partner, producer Cydney Bernard, that Charlie really believed she was a construction worker." Now, Charlie, 25, has followed his mother's footsteps in the entertainment industry. After high school, Charlie went to his mom's Alma mater at Yale, and took part in many school theater productions as an actor and crew member from 2017 to 2021. As for Kit, 22, he has no interest in the industry, nor does he or his brother have any interest in watching her movies.
However, on the HBO critically-acclaimed series that Foster stars in, she believes her kids will finally tune in because "they're really into that." However, Jodie noted that there are "a few films that I would never show them because I would be worried about being teased." Though they never saw her 1995 film Nell, her sons often tease her about her Oscar-nominated role. She portrays a young woman who was raised in isolation and struggles to communicate with the outside world. Foster began her career when she was just two years old. She appeared in commercials before making her acting debut in 1968 in the television series Mayberry R.F.D. She was a teen idol, starring in multiple Disney films, such as Napoleon and Samantha and Freaky Friday. Then, she had her breakthrough role at twelve years old as prostitute Iris Steensma in 1976’s Taxi Driver.
True Detective: Night Country is currently streaming on Max, with new episodes dropping on Sundays. Watch the trailer for the fourth season below:
Some celebrities have made it obvious that they speak another language. Whether it is from a thick accent or speaking in another language in films or music, we can easily tell when someone is multilingual. However, there are some stars we would have never guessed spoke in anything besides their native tongue. The biggest surprise of all is when our favorite actor or musician speaks more than two languages!
Due to their cultural heritage, some stars have picked up a second language due to where their family is from. Others have found a love for language in their travels or a genuine interest in linguistics. Whatever the reason, it is impressive when a person can dedicate themselves to adding another language to their repertoire. If you needed a reason to pick up another language, these celebrities' success is inspiring.
Take a look below at which celebrities can speak two or more languages:
Besides English, the 'Loki' star can speak Spanish, French and Greek. The British actor has been fascinated with language since his school days and found he was gifted with the affinity of learning languages.
The Ukrainian-born actress can understand and speak Russian, as she lived there until the age of seven.
The actor, whose name is very French, speaks fluent French. He grew up speaking both French and English since his father is from France.
The Mexican-born actress speaks an impressive four languages: English, Spanish, Swahili and Luo.
Though he used to speak 3 languages fluently, Stan can only understand German a little now. He is fluent in English and Romanian.
The Mexican-born actress can speak both English and Spanish fluently. Her father is of Lebanese descent and her daughter's father is French, so she can speak some of both of the languages.
The actor lived in France for six months and can speak French fluently. He also can speak some Italian, as his mother taught him.
Besides English, the actress can also speak German fluently. She was raised in Nuremberg, Germany and Austria, as her mother is German and her father was in the army.
The actor first learned how to speak Spanish when he made his acting debut on 'The Second Voyage of the Mimi.' The show was filmed in Mexico and that's where he picked it up.
Born in Malaysia, the actress can speak Malay,  Cantonese, Hokkien, Mandarin and English.
The actor can speak an impressive 9 languages! English, Spanish, German, Mandarin, Cantonese, Thai, Japanese, Korean and American Sign Language.
The actress can speak a number of languages including Hebrew, German, Japanese, Spanish and French.
The actor was born in Los Angeles, but he speaks German and Italian fluently. His parents are Italian and German and he spent a lot of time in Germany growing up.
The Colombian singer can speak  a whopping seven different languages. She speaks Spanish, English, French, Italian, Arabic, Catalan, and Portuguese.
The Guatemalan-born actor can speak both English and Spanish.
The singer is fluent in both English and French. However, she has sung in languages including Spanish, Italian, German, Latin, Japanese and Mandarin.
The Wolverine actor is fluent in French and Spanish.
Dua Lipa is bilingual and speaks both English and Albanian due to her heritage.
The Hawaiian-born singer can speak both English and Spanish.
The musician can speak both English and French fluently. Though she knows some Italian words and phrases, she isn't fluent in the language.
The musician can speak four languages: English, French, German, Italian and Spanish. He even sang  and recorded the entire 'Tarzan' soundtrack in all of the aforementioned languages.
The singer can speak both English and Spanish. Her Spanish was more fluent as she was growing up and some of it has faded away.
The actress is fluent in English, Italian and French. She can also speak Spanish and German.
The singer can speak both English and Spanish. She can understand Portuguese and Italian, a little bit of French, and some German from her mother (who is also multilingual).
The actress is fluent in English and Spanish. She lived in Spain as a teenager and fell in love with the language.
Though she was born in Florida, Anya's parents raised her in Argentina until she was 6 years old and speaks fluent Spanish. She learned English when they moved to London by watching 'School of Rock,' 'Harry Potter,' and 'Jumanji,'
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!