Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
Last week, Lady Gaga dropped a new album called “Harlequin.” It was a companion to “Joker: Folie a Deux,” which was supposed to be a hit movie.
But “Joker 2,” as we call it, has been unmitigated disaster at the box office, literally shunned by all the fans of the original hit movie.
The result is that “Harlequin,” a beautifully sung jazz album with two new songs, is dead, too. Today it dropped to number 97 on iTunes after one week. Sales for its second week were nil, leaving the total at under 30,000 copies.
Gaga must be furious, and rightly so. She worked hard on “Harlequin,” which contains some of her best work ever. But with the movie in shambles, Universal Music hasn’t lifted a finger to promote the collection. It’s dead on the vine.
The only thing that could help “Harlequin” now is for the Grammys to revive it in the jazz categories. The Oscars were supposed to come in to play here, but with the movie gone, Gaga’s original songs probably won’t make the final 5 for Best Song.
All that work, down the drain. What a mess.
Maybe now we know why Gaga released her Bruno Mars duet, “Die with a Smile,” right before “Joker 2.” And she has a new single from her 7th album coming before the end of October. She knew that “Harlequin” was going to relegated to Lost Gem status.
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com