By POPPY ATKINSON GIBSON 
 Published:  17:22, 31 October 2024   |  Updated:  17:31, 31 October 2024   
 12
View  comments
Perrie Edwards and her mini-me son Axel, three, transformed into Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars for Halloween. 
The former Little Mix star, 31, took inspiration from the duo's latest song together, Die With A Smile and shared their looks on Instagram on Thursday. 
Perrie recreated the artwork for the single, dressing up as the Bad Romance songstress, 38, in a light blue dress with a bright red neckerchief and tights.
The singer completed her her look with her blonde hair piled high on her head in a messy beehive and held up a fake cigarette. 
Abel, meanwhile, rocked a matching blue suit with a red shirt and little cowboy boots and he even had a fake moustache and cream cowboy hat. 
Perrie Edwards and her mini-me son Axel, three, transformed into Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars for Halloween 
The singer took inspiration from Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars's duet Die With A Smile and recreated their outfits with a tiny fake moustache for Axel 
Taking to Instagram, Perrie shared a behind the scenes look at the transformation process before recreating Gaga and Bruno's iconic shot. 
To show her fans just how accurate her costume was, Perrie posted a picture of the original artwork for the song as well. 
She captioned the post: 'Happy Halloween from Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars'.
Fans wrote: 'I'm obsessed the cutest duo'. 
'This is 2024’s best Halloween costumes, and it’s not being topped ever.. Axel’s little moustache and as Bruno! You as Gaga! Honestly 100/100 for aura, vision, execution, perfection.' 
Perrie's Halloween post comes after she opened up about struggling to juggle her solo career with being a mother and a fiancée in a long distance relationship.
The Black Magic singer told BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay earlier this month she was 'in a circus' at the moment following the release of her latest song and that she suffers from 'mum-guilt'. 
Perrie shares her three-year-old son Axel with her footballer partner Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Perrie's Halloween post comes after she opened up about struggling to juggle her solo career with being a mother and a fiancée in a long distance relationship' (pictured with her partner Alex Oxlade-Chamerblain) 
She told the BBC show presenters that she finds it challenging to juggle so many responsibilities especially as her fiancé Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is away in Turkey.
She said: 'I'm in a circus right now juggling so much.
'Being a mum and not getting the mum guilt while also wanting a solo career and also doing promo and visiting my partner in Turkey.
'It's a lot and I can't even sugar coat it. It is hard.'
The singer then revealed that her dream is to get back on tour and to start performing again after taking some time to focus on her family.
Perrie shares her three-year-old son Axel with her footballer partner Alex.
The pair matched on celebrity dating app Raya in November 2014 but only went on a couple of dates before Perrie had to embark on a three-month US tour with Little Mix and Ariana Grande.
Despite the distance, the couple made their relationship work and in 2021 welcomed their son before Alex popped the question almost a year later.
During her interview on the breakfast show, the Wings songstress explained that she's navigating life as a mother and a singer and is finding new challenges.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group