Tap into the energetic significance of this occasion—in style!
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE Decor editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
If you’re familiar with full moon parties, then you likely know them only in the capacity of the Full Moon Party—famously happening monthly on the Thai island of Koh Phangan. The beachside revelry is believed to have started in the mid-1980s, by a small group of travelers, and before long exploded in popularity (an estimated 20,000–30,000 people attend each month now). 
In case an entire night of dancing to techno, body paint, fire shows, and buckets of Singha beer isn’t your thing—but you still want to mark the occasion somehow—consider hosting a full moon gathering from the comfort of your home. These celebrations are slowly but surely picking up steam, as TikTokers share their own highly praised interpretations and astrology as a whole only becomes trendier year over year. Case in point: According to a report by Allied Market Research, the astrology market is predicted to be valued at $22.8 billion by 2031.
Here, we’ve tapped experts to provide all the tips and tricks for making your next full moon party a truly out-of-this-world event, complete with astrology-themed decor, food, and activities. Oh, and martinis are involved.   
The moon is an elusive creature cloaked in mystery (just think of all the times you tried to snap a photo of it, only to end up with a blurry, tiny circle). While orbiting Earth, it goes through eight distinct phases—the culmination of which is, indeed, the world-renowned full moon spectacle, happening roughly every 29.5 days. Per Reader’s Digest, this scientific phenomenon has personal implications: “By elevating emotion, insight, and self-awareness, the full moon is the right time for reflection, analysis, review, completion, and celebration.”
Because the full moon occurs when the sun completely illuminates this celestial body, it’s a prime time to look within—similarly shining a light on your past month, what wishes and goals are as of yet unrealized, and what you envision for the month ahead. If this kind of soul-searching doesn’t sound like a walk in the park, that’s because it isn’t. According to Goop, since “the moon is directly opposite the sun during this phase, it can also be a time of friction, polarity, and more intense emotional energy.” The good news is that there’s no buildup without a release, which happens right as the moon starts waning again, encouraging surrender and purification of your personal energy. 
The TL;DR of all this is, yes, feelings might and likely will arise during the energetic pinnacle of the full moon. But that’s certainly not a bad thing, and you can, in fact, honor the completion of yet another lunar month through a celebration—inviting the people you love to an evening of introspection, good (plus moon-related!) eats, and astrology-themed activities. 
Full moons are especially salient when they’re supermoons, which occur only when the moon is at its closest point to Earth. This month’s is both a Hunter’s moon (the full moon after the harvest moon) and a supermoon—slated to be the brightest supermoon of 2024! If that doesn’t encourage you to start planning a full moon party, like, right now, we don’t know what will. Not sure how to begin? We’re all too happy to provide some stellar advice. 
If you ask us, creating a picture-perfect table arrangement is the highlight of any given party, not to mention one with a theme that lends itself as ideally to fanciful decor as an astrological one does. 
Cameron Forbes—founder of the boutique event planning company Forbes Functions, which recently rolled out a New York–based tablescape rental service—suggests creating an atmosphere that’s equal parts mystical and refined. “A must-have would be candlelight or moon-shaped lamps for soft, glowing illumination and a dark tablecloth that evokes the night sky—perhaps a rich indigo velvet or shimmering silver fabric,” Forbes tells ELLE DECOR. “I’d place iridescent glassware and metallic silver or gold flatware to enhance the lunar theme. Celestial-themed centerpieces, like dark and draping floral arrangements with crystals, would be perfect accents.”
“If you can host the party in your garden or on your loggia or terrace, it adds to the theme to have dinner under the night sky,” adds Stephanie Booth Shafran, a celebrated hostess and author who has experience hosting zodiac-slash-celestial parties. 
If you wish to add an element of personalization that everyone on your guest list will appreciate, buy some moon-themed place cards for each attendee—which they can take home at the end of the night and repurpose for every full moon to come! In Shafran’s case, each table setting also included custom golden scrolls, listing guests’ personality attributes based on their sign, as well as zodiac matches from Anthropologie. The magic is in the details, after all, and these particular details will show any given guest that you care about them enough to know they’re a Scorpio sun-slash-Leo rising.  
Don’t shy away from peppering your tablescape with some seasonal touches too. For Forbes, this means incorporating “pumpkin or gourd centerpieces, fresh autumnal produce, and natural elements like wood or greenery” when fall comes around. She also urges tapping into the particular and unparalleled scents of the season, using “candles with cinnamon, apple, or pine notes.”
Steffy Degreff, an influencer and home decor expert, says it’s never a bad idea to “use special drink glasses and curate a playlist to set the mood.” Cue Bruno Mars’s “Talking to the Moon.”
Now that your table’s looking chic and Instagrammable, it’s high time to start working out the evening’s entertainment schedule—consisting of on-theme, astrologically salient activities that are anything but generic. 
“[Full moons are a] really potent time for any sort of protective workings. They’re also a heightened time for spell work,” says Frankie Castanea, a folk witchcraft practitioner and published author, who is better known as the Chaotic Witch Aunt online. “Depending on the witch, you’re going to get different opinions on what kind of vibes go with the full moon. For me, I think it’s particularly potent to center any sort of full moon gatherings around the concept of lunar deities or lunar energies,” they say.
To harness such energies, Castanea recommends a practice akin to manifestation—writing out petitions directed toward lunar deities to help with certain life objectives or with letting go of dead weight in your life. In a party setting, this could mean printing out sheets of paper for each guest, complete with prompts like “I see...,” “I have...,” “I want to release...,” or “my prayer to the universe.” (Check out our one-pager below for inspiration!) No matter who or what you’re petitioning, this kind of inner work is never a bad idea for taking stock of what’s around you, especially when done in collaboration with others.
Another foolproof activity? Making your own moon water. If you’re wondering what in the world that even is, it’s not rocket science (get it?). Moon water is essentially normal water that’s been charged by the moon—achievable by placing a vessel of it outside or by a window, allowing it to sit overnight, and then taking advantage of its moonlight-infused state by bathing in the water or even drinking it. Though Castanea works more closely with botanical waters (made with roots or rosemary, for instance), they nonetheless appreciate moon water’s accessibility and practicality. 
Want to wow your guests? Pour normal water into some iridescent glassware, as Forbes recommends, or simple mason jars; have them arrange the glasses outside in a candlelit circle; and then drop off each person’s charged water the next day with a little note of hostess gratitude attached.
Another way to treat your entire group is through some über-insightful aura or tarot card readings—either hiring a professional for the occasion or going the DIY route. This is exactly what was on offer during Forbes Functions’ recent astro-adjacent event. “The element that stole the show was the on-site aura reader and astrologer,” Forbes tells us. “During cocktail hour, guests were invited to sit with her for 10-minute sessions to learn more about their energy and birth charts. By the night’s end, almost everyone wanted to meet with her again!”
What’s a festivity without a highly curated menu that will secure your title as the unofficial Barefoot Contessa in the friend group? For full moon parties, we obviously recommend making as many of the bites and sips moon-themed as possible.
Perhaps that means baking a bittersweet chocolate moon cake—with pearl dust that mimics Earth’s natural satellite, topped by a mini American flag for good measure. Or maybe for you it will look more like cutting crudités into crescent shapes and calling it a day (our personal favorite appetizers are these delightful rocket-shaped fruit skewers!). Shafran, for one, goes straight to baking moon and star cookies.
In the drinks department, there’s also something for every taste and star sign. On the note of the latter, Forbes recommends serving cocktails inspired by zodiac signs, but there are also options to whip up full moon martinis with circular ice cubes and blackberry garnishes or to go with a nice moon milk recipe (an Ayurvedic, ashwagandha-laden concoction that’s believed to kick sleeplessness to the curb).
“A lot of the foods that I would associate [with the full moon] have to do with lunar deities like Diana and Artemis,” Castanea says, particularly pointing out mead, aka honey wine, as a solid choice.
The beauty of full moon parties is that you have a legitimate excuse to host them every single month. Depending on the season, however, they can shape up to include different activities and decorative accents (which is to say: Just have fun with it!).
If this month’s celebrations are feeling a bit like an eleventh hour rush, start planning for next time by, say, planting a moon garden chock-full of night-blooming flowers like jasmine and tuberose or else snagging our recommendations below of full moon party tableware we’re absolutely over the moon for.
Stacia Datskovska is the assistant digital editor at ELLE DECOR, where she covers news, trends, and ideas in the world of design. She also writes product reviews (like roundups of the top firepits or sheet sets)—infusing them with authority and wit. As an e-commerce intern at Mashable, Stacia wrote data-driven reviews of everything from e-readers to stationary bikes to robot vacuums. Stacia’s culture and lifestyle bylines have appeared in outlets like USA Today, Boston Globe, Teen Vogue, Food & Wine, and Brooklyn Magazine.
The Right Way To Host An Oscars Viewing Party
14 Christmas Table Decoration Ideas 
34 Classy New Year’s Eve Decorations 
Tiffany's Latest Collab Is for Rebels Everywhere
60 Bountiful Thanksgiving Decorating Ideas
60 Elegant Thanksgiving Tablescape Ideas
65 Thanksgiving Centerpiece Ideas to Fall For
50 Wickedly Chic Halloween Table Ideas
Inside Ralph Lauren’s Magical NYFW Hamptons Party
20 Thanksgiving Gifts to Pamper Your Host in 2024
The ‘Emily in Paris’ Baccarat Crystal Is for Sale
Carmy Has Michelin-Starred Taste in ‘The Bear’
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.