Are they star-crossed lovers?
Libra and Capricorn go together like peanut butter and pickles: They seem like a surprising combination that shouldn’t work, but for some people, it really, really does. Let’s talk more. 
Dates: September 23 to October 22
Element: Air
Modality: Cardinal
Ruler: Venus
Tarot card: Justice
Represented by: The scales
Best personality traits: Charming, stylish, diplomatic, fair, witty
Worst personality traits: Flaky, indecisive, self-centered
Famous Libras: Kim Kardashian, Bella Hadid, Serena Williams, Will Smith, Gwyneth Paltrow, Cardi B, Doja Cat, Dakota Johnson, Jenna Ortega, Bruno Mars, Jimin, Zac Efron, Nick Cannon, Addison Rae, Halsey, Bruce Springsteen, Noah Schnapp, Caleb McLaughlin
Dates: December 22 to January 19
Element: Earth
Modality: Cardinal
Ruler: Saturn
Tarot card: the Devil
Represented by: The sea-goat
Best personality traits: Hard-working, ambitious, loyal
Worst personality traits: Judgmental, too serious, unadventurous
Famous Capricorns: Timothée Chalamet, John Legend, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Denzel Washington, Bradley Cooper, Zayn Malik, Dove Cameron, Liam Hemsworth, Orlando Bloom, Regina King, FKA Twigs, Ice Spice, Hunter Schafer, Latto, Jennie Kim, Renee Rapp
Libra and Capricorn are more different than they are alike, but they do have one astrological trait in common: they’re both cardinal signs, meaning they fall at the start of a season. Libra kicks off the fall season, while Capricorn marks the beginning of winter. This quality means that both Libra and Capricorn are natural leaders, dedicating to getting sh*t done. Oh, and both are a little self-centered.
That’s where the similarities end. As an air sign, Libra is all fun and flirty. As an earth sign, Capricorn is much more serious (unless you’re one of the lucky few who get to see them really let loose). Ruled by Saturn, Capricorn is all about discipline, while Libra-ruled Venus prioritizes pleasure.
A Libra and Capricorn friendship can go one of two ways. Either they’re so totally different that they never connect in the first place, or they strike up an adorable, odd couple-type connection that helps them both grow as individuals. Not all Libras and Capricorns will click with each other, but when they do, this can be a very rewarding friendship.  
In astrology, the angle two signs make with each other is super important. And Libra and Capricorn form a 90-degree angle with each other, which is an aspect called a square. Squares typically indicate harsh, tense energy—the kind that means you might not get along. But there is one big exception, can that is in the bedroom. Tense square energy means SEXUAL TENSION, baby! And Libra and Capricorn have tons of it. In bed, their differences come together (heh) in all the best ways. Capricorn is happy to take the lead, and Libra is happy to let them. Capricorn’s need for structure meshes with Libra’s people-pleasing ways. They might argue outside it, but in bed, this is one hot pair.
I’m not gonna lie to you: A relationship between two signs that form a square aspect with each other is challenging by definition. Plenty of Libras and Caps will go on one or two dates, get on each other’s nerves, and part ways. But for the Libras and Caps who can approach their connection with curiosity and open-mindedness, a romance is very possible—and when it happens, it’s transformative for both of them. Aww!
If a Libra/Capricorn couple has made it to the point of marriage, it’s probably because they appreciate each other’s many differences. To strengthen their relationship, there are a few things they can do. Libra can work on communicating more directly rather than trying to drop hints when something’s wrong. Capricorn can work on tempering their criticism with praise and a reminder of how much they appreciate Libra. And both can make time to focus solely on each other and their relationship.
Libra and Capricorn aren’t what I would call an expected match, like Libra and Gemini or Capricorn and Scorpio. However, if they approach their connection with curiosity, they can have a rewarding and transformative relationship. 
Together:
Broken up:
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.