Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 10)
They seem to be taking the songwriting and composition more seriously in the SOTY category these days, I guess that will mean we’re getting more splits between SOTY and ROTY now, despite songs nominated for both categories
In ROTY, if the anti-rap bias is something of the past, then Not Like Us will win, because it’s obviously the most deserving contender. But otherwise BOAF or DWAS will win.
Honey, people need to stop overestimating Lady Gaga.  Delusional Monsters always predict the bitch to win in the General Field.  It did NOT happen with The Fame Monster, “I Get a Kick Out of You,” Love for Sale or “Shallow” (which was also pure Grammy bait).  NOT even Bruno Mars can propel her to Record of the Year/Song of the Year wins.
People need to stop overestimating veterans. A song from Nov 2023 that people have forgotten about since is not going to win anything in any competitive category including ROTY. We’ve learnt that lesson with Tony Bennett recently and he had a much bigger reason to be awarded for his work.
Tony Bennett can’t be compared with The Beatles, be serious. We are talking about the biggest band in history. It’s a song that everyone thought was never going to be officially released and it happened. It was sold as “The Beatles final song”. That was a big moment. The song debuted high in Spotify Global, a platform dominated by young listeners. It didn’t get stability but you can be sure music veterans remember this moment perfectly.
Honey, as much as we want it to happen, “Not Like Us” will NOT win Record of the Year/Song of the Year.  There are too many white artists in contention.  Plus, we know how most voters feel about Rap/Hip-Hop/Urban music.
 Tony Bennett can’t be compared with The Beatles, be serious. We are talking about the biggest band in history. It’s a song that everyone thought was never going to be officially released and it happened. It was sold as “The Beatles final song”. That was a big moment. The song debuted high in Spotify Global, a platform dominated by young listeners. It didn’t get stability but you can be sure music veterans remember this moment perfectly. 
Bennett is also beloved by the Academy, 19 Grammys, including AOTY, a lot of sympathy for the fact that this was his last album due to his Alzheimer’s diagnosis and still lost all categories but one. And even in Pop Duo/GP, despite Gaga being on the track, the voters still favored the Top 40 hit (Kiss Me More), Top 40 as in the radio format, not BB charts.
The lesson is clear, the voters don’t really care that much about “narratives”. They’ll vote for songs they like.
Also the voting body is much younger now than it was in the old days.
I do think the veteran assumption is dangerous in predicting. So many veteran “locks” for AOTY have missed in the past; and the few that make it make it because of alphabetical advantage and are just placeholder nominations. The Beatles could sneak big nods for being near the top of the ballot, and having a moment, but they’re far from guaranteed to win.
“Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time”
I think the Rolling Stones can get in AOTY
I think the Rolling Stones can get in AOTY
Do they have enough support outside Rock? The album didn’t flop actually. #3 on Hot 100 is not bad. And they had strong features like Lady Gaga and Stevie Wonder. I’m not predicting it. We were predicting two times Foo Fighters in AOTY and they are bigger Grammy darlings.
random but i think the rock/alt field will have trouble coming up with a consensus for aoty? but i’m predicting brittany howard’s album to get in as of rn cuz other than rock/alt she’ll also get some votes from other fields. she’s garnered rnb and american roots noms in the past.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
Why are rap fans so arrogant about their taste in music? Not everybody likes rap, and there are way more impressive songs this year. 
Not this coming from a Swiftie.
FYC: Leash by Sky Ferreira from the motion picture Babygirl
. @ladygaga &  @BrunoMars' 'Die With A Smile' is currently aiming for a top 15 debut on the Billboard Hot 100. pic.twitter.com/srsEXiiITS
— Behzad Hudson (@behzad_hudson) August 18, 2024
Migs
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js 
This prediction is supported by a calculation of 15M-17M on the radios but the radios must be greater than 20M, they underestimated the numbers. I think it could be a top 10 debut but we’ll only know when Monday’s numbers come out.physical single sales were also not counted, not that it will make much difference but it could be the difference between a top 20 and a top 15 or a top 15 and a top 10
Sorry but a clear SOTY right here!
 This prediction is supported by a calculation of 15M-17M on the radios but the radios must be greater than 20M, they underestimated the numbers. I think it could be a top 10 debut but we’ll only know when Monday’s numbers come out.physical single sales were also not counted, not that it will make much difference but it could be the difference between a top 20 and a top 15 or a top 15 and a top 10 
And I think they forgot there are CDs.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 10)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media