ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Blackpink singer Rose and Bruno Mars return to No. 1 on one U.K.-based sales chart, and as it soars, ... More BTS star Jin's "Running Wild" falls from the top spot.   SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - MAY 22: Rose of South Korean girl group BLACKPINK is seen at the 'Saint Laurent' The Hyundai pop-up store opening event at The Hyundai on May 22, 2023 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by Han Myung-Gu/WireImage)
Blackpink singer Rosé is back on top of one chart in the United Kingdom this week. The superstar’s recent global smash “Apt.” is a bestseller again, and as she returns to the summit, she replaces another K-pop soloist who just scored a brand new champion last frame.
“Apt.” rises to the throne on the Official Singles Downloads chart, the list of the top-selling, most downloaded tracks in the U.K. Rosé, and her famous collaborator Bruno Mars, push their joint cut from No. 4 to No. 1, earning another stay in the penthouse with what has turned out to be the biggest success of her solo career.
Rosé and Mars have kept “Apt.” on the Official Singles Downloads ranking for half a dozen turns as of this week. The tune has spent half of that time at No. 1, as it’s now managed three distinct runs on top of the purchase-focused roster.
Last week, another one of the most famous musicians in South Korea was in charge of the tally. BTS singer Jin ruled with his latest smash, “Running Wild,” the standout track from his new EP Happy. After launching in first place, that song has fallen from No. 1 to No. 14.
“Apt.” isn’t only performing well on the downloads tally at the moment. This week, Rosé and Mars keep their smash inside the top 10 on four of the five U.K.-based charts it appears on. The tune is just one space away from ruling on the Official Singles Sales ranking, where it returns to its all-time peak of No. 2. Sam Fender’s “People Watching” keeps the two stars from finally hitting No. 1 on that roster.
At the same time, “Apt.” is also present inside the top five on both the main singles chart and the Official Streaming list. Rosé holds at No. 3 on the former–one space down from its No. 2 high–and at No. 5 on the streaming-only ranking. On the Official Physical Singles list, the Blackpink star dips from No. 18 to No. 29, after conquering the sales chart with her collaboration.
As “Apt.” continues to sell extremely well, Rosé’s even-newer release is not matching the success of its predecessor. “Number One Girl” opens at No. 11 on the Official Singles Downloads chart and three spaces further down on the Official Singles Sales list. It comes in much lower on the main singles ranking, where Rosé debuts at No. 84.