The five-story parking structure represents the first in a series of grand-scale amenities planned to upgrade the Rohnert Park destination.
As part its $1 billion expansion plan to be completed in time for Christmas 2025, Graton Resort & Casino opened its new parking structure this week.
The five-story structure, in use since Monday, adds another 1,600 spots and 32 electric charging stations to the resort grounds. The casino’s valets manage electric minibus shuttles to transport visitors from the garage to the casino. More valet workers are being brought on, part of the more than 600 employees to be hired in the expansion plan.
The garage also features next-generation wayfinding digital signs that display real-time availability to eliminate the guesswork in where to park. The spaces are billed as wider than most, up to 126“ wide in contrast to the conventional 86” in size.
LED light fixtures, water-conscious landscaping and extra security cameras were installed to round out the upgrades.
We are proud to announce that our new parking garage will be opening on Monday, August 12, complete with solar panels, 1,600 parking spaces, and 32 EV Charging Stations. Stay tuned for updates regarding the next phase of our expansion!View parking map: https://t.co/izVc18eDd4 pic.twitter.com/CgxYJu1tCZ
The $825 million casino, which is owned and operated by the Federated Indians of Graton Rancheria on its 254-acre reservation, opened 11 years ago. A June 2023 groundbreaking was part of transformation plan that goes beyond an average  casino for Tribal Chairman Greg Sarris.
The casino resort has also drawn  plans for an organic community garden on 40 acres it pieced together in land purchases west of the property. Soil analyses are currently being conducted.
“I always said I didn’t want a casino, I wanted a destination,” Sarris said.
The tribal leader is convinced adding a parking structure will help support its more amenity-driven additions to the  resort, beyond the planned rooftop restaurant and new hotel wing.
Graton is also adding a large, adult-oriented pool with a swim-up bar to be built south of the existing hotel. Sarris expects to turn the existing casino pool into a family-oriented pool.
He said the granddaddy of construction plans in the expansion also calls for a 3,500-seat theater that will bring out event-center type acts. Sarris has approached famed Grateful Dead drummer Mickey Hart to run the sound at the concert hall.
When asked if the potential for an entertainment focus to be the driver of casino visitation, Sarris said: “Absolutely. Everything they would want will be here. You just park your car.”
This includes a slate of amenities such as spas, steakhouses, patios and a theater rivaling Nevada casinos in Reno and Las Vegas. The Nevada destinations  scrambled into action to upgrade  when tribal-owned gaming came onto the scene more than 20 years ago.
Graton Resort & Casino gets 90% of its revenue from slots; 8% to 9% from table gaming; and the remainder from food and entertainment. Albeit minimal, that entertainment piece is the driver to lure visitors to the casino and even the town for that matter, Sarris pointed out.
“There’s no question entertainment is an added attraction that people have come to rely on and expect at casinos. A successful venue can be a profitable center,” Thunder Valley Casino Resort spokesman Doug Elmets said.
The Lincoln casino resort, which is owned by the United Auburn Indian Community and located in the Central Valley near Sacramento, opened a decade before Graton. It later placed its bets on the sphere-like “Venue,” which opened to sold-out shows of Bruno Mars, Eagles and Santana over Presidents Day weekend last year.
“The Venue is a differentiator, competing with markets in California or Reno or Las Vegas for ‘staycations,’” Elmets said. “It’s an entertainment driver, but what’s music to our ears are the slot machines and gaming tables.”
He added the bonus note to Placer County is the local $75 million it pledges to the local government in overall tax revenue .
Susan Wood covers agriculture, law, cannabis, production, transportation as well as banking and finance. She can be reached at 530-545-8662 or susan.wood@busjrnl.com