Lady Gaga has conquered music, movies and Las Vegas. But there is one item on her bucket list that has been annoying elusive. Until now. After Mother Monster was announced as one of the headliners for next year’s Coachella Festival, the singer took to her socials to gush about how the booking is the realization of one of her rock and roll fantasies.
					Related		
					Lady Gaga, Green Day, Travis Scott & Post Malone Set for 2025 Coachella Lineup		
	11/20/2024	

	“I have long dreamed of throwing a massive night of chaos in the desert,” Gaga wrote on Wednesday (Nov. 20) after the lineup for next year’s event in Indio, CA was unveiled. “I’ve had a vision I’ve never been able to fully realize at Coachella for reasons beyond our control but I wanted to come through for music fans. I have been wanting to go back and to do it right, and I am.”

	Gaga, who is preparing to release her as-yet-untitled seventh studio album in February, headlined Coachella at the last minute in 2017 when she replaced Beyoncé, who was pregnant with twins Rumi and Sir Carter, marking her only appearance to date at the event. “I’m headlining and starting the weekend off at Coachella. Can’t wait to hear you all singalong and dance dance DANCE till we drop,” she added.

	Gaga has plenty of other big news to celebrate at the moment, including a new guitar-heavy version of her current single, “Disease (The Poison Live),” and the news that her collab with Bruno Mars, “Die With a Smile,” just became the fastest song to reach 1 billion Spotify streams.

	She will also have plenty of A-list company from fellow headliners Green Day, Post Malone and Travis Scott at the festival that will take place over two weekends — April 11-13 and 18-20 — which will also feature sets from Missy Elliott, Benson Boone, LISA, FKA Twigs, GloRilla, Tyla, Charli XCX, Anitta, Clairo, ENHYPEN, Jimmy Eat World, T-Pain, Megan Thee Stallion, Zedd, JENNIE of BLACKPINK, Beabadoobee, Ty Dolla $ign, Rema and Shaboozey, among many others.

	A presale will kick off at 11 a.m. PT Friday (Nov. 22), with 2023 and 2025 attendees getting early access starting 11 a.m. PT the day before. You can also register for the presale now on Coachella’s website.

	See Gaga’s post below.
A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)
STREAM THE RIVER!