The Grammy Award for Record of the Year has gone to influential songs like Michael Jackson’s “Beat It,” Whitney Houston’s “I Will Always Love You” and Adele’s “Rolling in the Deep,” to name just a few. In the past few years the award has been more competitive than ever. Since we are more than halfway through the 67th Grammys eligibility period, let’s consider what factors distinguish a Record of the Year winner in hopes of figuring out who might be able to take it this year.
If you look at the last 10 Record winners, you'll catch a few trends. The first, and perhaps most obvious, is that they were all massive hits. Seven out of the 10 were number-one on the Billboard Hot 100, and the remaining three were top-10 hits too. This makes sense, as a song’s popularity increases voters' exposure to it. However, a song doesn’t need to be the most popular in its category to win. While Miley Cyrus’s “Flowers” and Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars’s “Uptown Funk” were the biggest hits in their lineups, other winners like Billie Eilish’s "Bad Guy" and "Everything I Wanted" and Childish Gambino’s “This is America” weren't the most commercially dominant in their respective races.
What makes the difference then? Narrative, message and passion for a particular artist seem to be contributing factors. For example, a lot of voters probably went for “This is America” due to its potent themes regarding race and inequality, which made it an exciting song to rally behind. Likewise, Cyrus’s victory for “Flowers” was helped by her overdue narrative, after she had been ignored by the Grammys for most of her career. Sam Smith's "Stay with Me" and Eilish's "Bad Guy" might’ve been carried along by excitement over new breakout stars achieving meteoric success. And Mars's “24k Magic” helped open the floodgates for a '70s and '80s music revival.
Another major factor is emotional connection. Half of the last 10 winners were emotional songs that connected with voters on a deep level. You could include “This Is America” (stirring social commentary), “Flowers” (post-divorce, self-love), “Everything I Wanted” (suicidal ideation), “Hello” and “Stay With Me” (break-up/love ballads) in that category. Also, don't underestimate the influence of nostalgia: Lizzo’s funk-infused “About Damn Time,” and all three of Mars’s throwback hits ("Leave the Door Open" in addition to "Uptown Funk" and "24k Magic") qualify here. And present in most recent Record of the Year winners is live instrumentation. This makes sense as it probably appeals to older, more traditional academy members. And most voters are musicians and might appreciate something that feels like a more organic display of musicianship.
So, in short, what makes a typical Record of the Year winner? A big hit, preferably with live instrumentation, that emotionally connects with voters, whether it is due to sentimental subject matter or an important message. Keep that in mind this year.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media