Her carefree look embodied her touchdown on the West Coast 
After spending most of her summer in the Hamptons, Jennifer Lopez is back on the West Coast, and she’s dressing the part. On Saturday, the Atlas actor stepped out for a shopping trip in Los Angeles with her 16-year-old child Emme, and leaned fully into the boho vibe with a breezy ensemble. 
For the family occasion, Lopez opted for a loose black dress, which featured a plunging V-neck as well as a billowing skirt. An open back also showed off some skin with strappy chevron-shaped cutouts. Matching the effortless look of her outfit, she wore her highlighted brown hair in a tousled style, though she did flaunt a fresh nude manicure and a pink glossy lip. 
In her signature fashion, the “Can’t Get Enough” singer elevated the sleeveless dress with luxe accessories, including a chunky gold chain bracelet on one arm and a thick diamond-encrusted gold bangle bracelet on the other. A smattering of gold rings, including her wedding band, decorated her fingers. 
And, J.Lo being J.Lo, her outfit wasn’t complete without a designer bag. This time around, she tapped into this summer’s raffia trend, toting a tan woven handbag with black leather straps that wrapped around the entirety of the purse. The actor accessorized further with a pair of black square shield sunglasses (her favorite style of shades), and finished off her ensemble with her go-to gold hoops. 
Earlier this week, Lopez was spotted enjoying a Bruno Mars concert with friends. As she sang along to the performer’s hits on Thursday—her husband Ben Affleck’s 52nd birthday—she wore a white crop top, high-waisted jeans, and supersized gold sunglasses with translucent lenses. A video posted to X (formerly Twitter) showed Lopez “living her best life” during Mars’s song “Marry Me.”
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.