The man accused of driving while impaired and killing an Arbor View High School student appeared in court Saturday.
An Arbor View High School senior was hit and killed by a vehicle, just steps from the school’s main entrance. Impairment was believed to be a factor in the crash.
The Metropolitan Police Department has said that Natalie Burton was struck April 20 by an SUV on West Tropicana Avenue just east of South Conquistador Street.
The image, shared Friday night on the president’s Truth Social site and later reposted by the White House on its official X account, raised eyebrows on social media and at the Vatican.
A Pacific storm is expected to arrive in the Las Vegas Valley this weekend, bringing a chance of rain and below-normal temperatures into the region.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Mountain West and Pac-12 remain at a standstill over millions of dollars in exit fees and “poaching” fees that could decide the fate of both conferences.
The Clark County Building Department issued a permit valued at roughly $26.3 million for the new store under construction in the southwest valley.
A Las Vegas man was sentenced to prison by a federal judge after he solicited multiple children to engage in prostitution.
The 2025 NFL draft is in the books, but the Raiders could still look to add at a few positions in free agency before training camp begins.
The billionaire investor said he will recommend to Berkshire Hathaway’s board that Greg Abel should become CEO at the end of the year.
The latest report from the real estate company has inventory up 44.5 percent year over year ending March of this year, about 25 percent above the national average.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
The new campaign specifically seeks to reduce motorcycle crashes to help minimize visitor fatalities and mitigate impact to wildlife.
Specials, prix fixe menus and buffets at 40 restaurants on and off the Strip.
Las Vegas businessman Ron Winchell will take his 14th shot at a Kentucky Derby victory Saturday at Churchill Downs.
Across the U.S., the spring homebuying season is “lackluster” amid record-high costs and economy instability.
Aldi is planning giveaways and a ribbon cutting as part of the opening for its third discount grocery store in the Las Vegas Valley.
The Golden Knights endured a physical six-game series against the Minnesota Wild to advance to the second round. Here are four keys to how they did it.
Every generation seems utterly convinced they’ve scored the golden ticket to humanity’s final performance, like Charlie proudly strolling into Willy Wonka’s chocolate factory. Predicting the apocalypse has become our favorite national pastime, comfortably ahead of binge-watching “The Office” for the fifteenth time, restarting diets every Monday and passionately debating politics over the Internet with strangers […]
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
The Las Vegas Valley luxury home market is one of the few in the country that has been showing consistent growth since the COVID-19 pandemic, an executive said.
The area surrounding the Raiders’ $2 billion venue is largely industrial.
Though the bill died in the last Congress, Nevada’s federal delegation is re-upping the Help Hoover Dam Act. The bill has support from both sides of the political aisle.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP