Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing fans have been left 'annoyed' that pro dancer Lauran Oakley wasn't paired with a celebrity in this year's competition following her near-perfect performance on Saturday evening (November 2).
The ballroom welcomed the 10 remaining couples to a themed week around Icons. JLS star JB Gill was temporarily paired with Lauren after Amy Dowden was hospitalised last weekend.
During the live show, however, Amy joined the couples in the 'Clauditorium' to show her support for JB and Lauren, who danced to Couples' Choice to a Bruno Mars medley. The routine bagged JB and Lauren a near-perfect mark of 39 from the judges.
Speaking after the judges comments, JB said: "Obviously it's a new partnership, but I've been able to focus on the dancing and just do Amy proud."
Lauren added: "I just wanted to make Amy proud and I hope we did. We had fun out there. I hope you had fun watching."
"I'm so grateful to you, Lauren," Amy told her fellow pro, before recalling a sweet childhood memory.
"I came up to Lauren when I was eight years old at Blackpool Tower, and she just danced and I told her I was her biggest fan," she revealed. "So thank you Lauren, thank you J[B]. I wish I could stay with you, you're amazing."
While legions of Strictly fans showed their support for Amy with flurries of messages on social media, some viewers also shared their frustrations Lauren wasn't part of the competition this year.
Taking to X, one fan wrote: "Lauren should have been given a partner this year #strictly."
A second stated: "JB and Lauren were AMAZING. But also. Lauren has to be one of the best female professionals on the show. She's so sharp. Just brilliant! #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly."
A third urged: "NEVER and I mean NEVER not give Lauren a partner again! Love her #strictly."
"Dear strictly. Never bench Lauren Oakley again. Thank you #strictly", urged another.