Are you holding space for Defying Gravity getting number one? Or do you want a classic Christmas number to take the top spot?
The race is officially on to find the song that will be top the charts this Christmas!
It starts from Friday 13, where the number of sales and streams are counted up until midnight on Thursday 19 December, say the Official Chart Company.
Whoever gets the most sales or streams will be this year's Christmas number one, and it'll be announced on BBC Radio 1 on 20 December.
Who do you want to see make it to the festive top spot? Let us know in the comments below. 
What are your pesky elves getting up to this December?
Ten European Christmas traditions you may not know about
Amazing Christmas light displays from around the world
The race shines some festive lights on the big artists
Drumroll please...
Among the 2024 contenders are the stars of Wicked, Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, for their rendition of 'Defying Gravity' as Elphaba and Glinda. 
The musical masterpiece will go up against a host of Christmas classics including 'Last Christmas' by Wham! - which was last year's number one - and Mariah Carey's 'All I Want For Christmas Is You'.
Other Christmas classics climbing their way up the chart are 'Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree' by Brenda Lee, Bobby Helms' 'Jingle Bell Rock' and 'Last Christmas' by WHAM!
Will some festive magic see Glinda and Elphaba's song make it to the top?
Ariana has made her way into the charts twice.
She's got a shot with the Wicked hit 'Defying Gravity' as well as her own Christmas song, 'Santa Tell Me'. 
Tom Grennan is hoping 'It Can't Be Christmas' will get the top spot on Friday. He's even got a tattoo on his leg saying 'Christmas no.1 is...' in the hopes it's his song that tops the charts.  
Laufey's track 'Christmas Magic' is also ranking high. 
Non-Christmassy songs that have taken an early lead include Gracie Abrams' 'That's So True', 'APT' by Rose & Bruno Mars and 'Messy' by Lola Young. 
Rock Choir, which has 32,000 members from across the UK, has released two tracks this year to try and sing for the win. 
Their covers of 'Hallelujah' and 'What Christmas Means To Me' are in support of a charity called Cash for Kids.
South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue are also giving the festive title a go with 'Fire Safety Dance' to raise funds for the Firefighter's Charity.
Who do you want to see top of the chart? Let us know in the comments below. 
Disney confirms live-action version of Tangled in the works
Ask the voice of Wallace from Wallace and Gromit your questions!
Why is Friday 13th believed to be unlucky?
Comments can not be loaded
To load Comments you need to enable JavaScript in your browser
Watch Newsround. VideoWatch Newsround
Watch Newsround - signed and subtitled. VideoWatch Newsround - signed and subtitled
Veterans bring the past to life with VE Mail letters
Steve's Lava Chicken song officially hits the US's Billboard 100 Charts
The Gruffalo is back in a new book
Endangered axolotls successfully released in the wild in Mexico
How are you having fun in the sun?
Local elections 2025: What do the results mean?
VE Day 80: How children were affected by World War Two. VideoVE Day 80: How children were affected by World War Two
A girl with uncontrollable powers
Join the Pirate Bunnies on an adventure!
The legendary Gormiti are back
Searching for the Six Hero Pokémon
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.