Now 
49
 Sun 
68
 Mon 
66
by Barry Green
TOPICS:
Marion — Folks in Marion enjoyed some -- ice -- on Saturday at the second annual ICE event.
It happened in City Square Park, where locals got an up close look at ice-sculpting demonstrations. Those winter-inspired sculptures are centered around some of the things that are seen in the Marion area.
There was also plenty of hot chocolate and winter-friendly games to go around.
Iowa's News Now spoke with Jessica Carney, Event Coordinator for the City of Marion, Saturday to talk about the ICE event.
The Marion ICE event is part of an effort to attract more people to the uptown area.
On Saturday, Carney outlined several events that will be happening in the uptown area. You can find that full list below:
Saturday, April 20th
Make your way to the Marion YMCA & Community Rec Center, 3740 Irish Drive, for the YMCA’s Healthy Kids Day and the Marion City Showcase.
Kick off the day with a family fun run before enjoying the activities from 9 a.m. to noon. Dozens of free, hands-on activities for the entire family to enjoy!
Celebrating its 32nd anniversary in 2024, Healthy Kids Day is the Y’s national initiative to improve health and well-being for kids and families.
City staff will be on hand to visit and answer questions. Attendees are encouraged to bring a non-perishable food donation to support the Churches of Marion Food Pantry (not required for entry). You can read more about that event here.
Saturday, June 10th – Uptown Funk: A Bruno Mars Tribute
Saturday, July 15th – Shania Twin: A Shania Twain Tribute Show
Saturday, August 12th – Super Duos: A Tribute to the Greatest Duos of All Time
Guests should bring chairs or blankets for general lawn seating. Outside food and drink are permitted and select vendors will be onsite during the event. The concerts are free to attend and begin at 7 p.m.
Parking is available in three hard-surface lots, as well as marked overflow areas in the grass. Marion’s parks are proud to be smoke-free, nicotine-free and tobacco-free.
The Music Under the Moon concerts are sponsored by Veridian Credit Union, hosted by the City of Marion and supported by Marion’s Hotel/Motel Grant Program. You can read more about that event here.
Wednesday, July 3rd
At the beautiful Klopfenstein Amphitheater at Lowe Park. The fun begins at 6 p.m. leading up to the fireworks at dusk. Music begins at 7 p.m.
Attendees should bring their own lawn chairs and blankets for seating. Coolers are permitted. Patrons are asked to leave pets, sparklers and fireworks at home. You can read more about the fireworks event here.
You can also read more about the Marion Chamber and their programming here.