Welcome !
Enjoy the best of both worlds: Film & Festival News, exploring the best of the film festivals community.  
Launched in 1995, relentlessly connecting films to festivals, documenting and promoting festivals worldwide.
Working on an upgrade soon.
For collaboration, editorial contributions, or publicity, please send us an email here. 
RSS Feeds 
Martin Scorsese Masterclass in Cannes
More blogs
Weekly newsletter N°1089/ 1090 Documenting the festivals experience since 1995, reaching over 166 000 subscribers.  
With other 11 000 festivals worldwide which we cover: no wonder we have reached the '1000' mark for our newsletters count. We proudly share our knowledge of the circuit with our community and really hope our audience ENJOY THE EXPERIENCE. In case you missed any of these 1000+ newsletters ... you ll find them all here.  
g
SBIFF Maltin Modern Master Award honoring Robert Downey Jr.
 VIDEO: Berlinale 2024 Programme video Presentation
CIFF 2024 has officially ended, but the past 10 days have been unforgettable. Thank you again for watching, submitting, and participating in our 8th annual festival. It wouldn't have been possible without all of you!   Congratulations to all the winners, nominees, and official selections! WHAT A FESTIVAL!!!     ... 
Early Deadline: January 26th, 2024 (Midnight PST)
Regular Deadline: March 29th, 2024 (Midnight PST)
							Late Deadline: April 5th, 2024 (Midnight PST)
The Golden Trailer Awards is the award show honoring the best in feature film previews and global marketing. The show is an audio visual extravaganza of non-stop entertainment and adrenaline-pumping fun. Packing a year’s worth of explosions, laughs, surprises and hit music into a fast and furious thrill ride, the press has dubbed the GTA’s “the Academy Awards for the short attention span.” 
April 16, 2024
STORYTELLERS GALA - APRIL 16, 2024
New York Festivals TV & Film Awards honors content in all lengths and forms from over 50 countries. Embracing all aspects of the Television and Film industries, categories mirror today's global trends and encourage the next generation of story-tellers by recognizing innovators in our 14 Category Groups: News Program, News Reports/Feature, Sports Program, Documentary, Entertainment Program, Entertainment Special, Craft Program, Promotion/Open & ID,  Craft Promotion/Open & ID, Streaming, Student, Films, Corporate Image, and Craft Films/Productions.
The Global Entertainment Awards honour the role marketing and promotion play in powering the entertainment industry. We celebrate the creative people around the world whose work drives us to want, play, watch and listen to entertainment.
26 Awards Categories. Pricing
Early Bird Entry Deadline 31 December 2023.
Regional Winners announced February 2024.
						Global Entertainment Awards Winners announced March 2024.
SUBMIT I Website I Profile on filmfestivals.com I Categories I Pricing I Email contact
Home of the NYC Indie Awards the festival aims to discover the Artist Filmmaker, showcasing them to the entertainment industry and the NYC public. All NYCIndieFF screenings take place in the historic center of NYC, Time Square which is the perfect home for an event geared toward creating incredible opportunities for independent voices.
NYCIndieFF honors the Best in Category which includes Best Narrative Feature, Best Documentary, Best Short Documentary, Best Short Narrative, Best Super Short, Best Covid Diaries, as well as Best Director and Best Screenplay.
New York City Independent Film Festival (NYCIndieFF) will hold a physical festival this year. We will celebrate the Independent Filmmaker, documentaries, short and feature-length films and animation. Whether a submission is comedic, dramatic, or something in between, The NYCIndieFF is eager to embrace fresh ideas and storytelling.
SUBMIT I Website I Profile on filmfestivals.com I Facebook I Twitter I Email  contact I  
RANKED AS ONE OF THE TOP 50 FILM FESTIVALS WORTH THE SUBMISSION FEE BY MOVIEMAKER MAGAZINE AND ONE OF THE TOP REVIEWED ON FilmFreeway, JDIFF is known for its networking opportunities, best communication, quaint location, great programming, friendly staff & volunteers, inquisitive audience, multiple screening opportunities, workshops, panels, amazing events and parties and so much more! And most importantly, lots of FREE FOOD in our filmmaker lounge, where many friendships and collaborations have been made.
JDIFF is ALL about the independent filmmaker and is truly geared for the best experience!
Our final nominees are judged by our Jury members of Film professionals, such as Directors, Producers, Critics, Director of Photography, etc and choose the final winner of each category.
JDIFF acknowledges emerging filmmakers from around the world and is committed to bringing world class entertainment to the heart of the midwest.
Email I  467 Bluff Street Dubuque, IA 52001 United States I Website I Profile on filmfestivals.com I Facebook I Twitter I SUBMIT
Late Deadline March 9, 2024
						Extended Deadline April 9, 2024
SUBMIT I Website I Profile on filmfestivals.com I  Email contact
 WATCH OUR EXCLUSIVE VIDEO COVERAGE & FEST AMBIANCE FROM THE CIRCUIT
Documentary bt Pritan Ambroase USA 2024 1hour 42 minutes "Movie that Matters Award in Cannes"
The film is a cry of revolution from Children all around the world who continue to ask "Can I Go Home Now?" while being terrorized by wars. Filmed in the current war zone of Ukraine as missiles flew overhead, 'Can I Go Home Now?' is a heartbreaking, moving, and powerful documentary film that gives a voice to Children suffering from ongoing horrific wars. No adults are allowed to speak in this film. Rarely do Children get to have a say in a war fought by adults, and this film gives the Children a voice and a chance to speak up as they tell the story of this war in their own words. The film bears witness to their experiences, fears and hopes in a war zone. Despite their circumstances, they continue to dream and hope for a better future. The film is a lesson in courage about the impact of wars on Children all over the world and a testament to human resilience. This film is a testament to the fact that wars that affect Children cannot be allowed to happen anymore, anwhere in the world.
Wild Genius portrays the exceptional life, career and mental health challenges of living legend Robert Trivers, the evolutionary biologist TIME magazine named as “one of the greatest scientists of the 20th Century”. Harvard psychologist and best selling Author, Steven Pinker calls him “an under-appreciated genius, and one of history’s greatest thinkers in the analysis of behavior and emotion.” An advocate for civil rights, Trivers’ straightforward logic makes an empowering case: understanding our evolutionary past isn't a life sentence but a liberating force.  Wild Genius is an entertaining and intellectual odyssey that challenges us to confront our evolutionary roots and societal taboos, daring us to think differently about ourselves and our place in the natural world. This isn't just the story of a groundbreaking scientist; it's an invitation to transform our understanding of life itself. We have the cognitive tools to know ourselves better and, by extension, to make a better world.
Profile on filmfestivals.com I Trailer I  Synopsis I Director's statement I Crew I Website
Through the real-life experience of several transgender youth and expert interviews, this docudrama provides an uncensored look into the forces behind this movement and reveals untold stories you have never heard.
Profile on filmfestivals.com I Trailer I  Synopsis I Director's statement I Crew I
Some who took vaccine with the noblest of intentions experienced unexpected debilitating aftereffects. Instead of compassion, they were met with skepticism; instead of being helped they were shunned; instead of being heard, they were silenced. Join us as we bring their stories out of the shadows so they can be heard and seen and no longer alone.
And yet nobody's coming to the rescue of truth?
Profile on filmfestivals.com I Trailer I Synopsis I Cast and Crew I 
2023 USA 96 minutes
Rear View Cataclysm is the story of two brothers and an ex-girlfriend who try to recapture the love and passion and of their past. Edison is trapped in a toxic marriage and invites down-on-his-luck brother, Blake (Jason Liebrecht), to a popular local music festival. Broke and depressed, Blake agrees, not realizing that Edison has also invited Mazie (Caroline Ducey), his ex-girlfriend.  No one can predict the course of desire, reconciliation and regret that unfolds. Set against the barren landscapes of rural Texas and featuring the hypnotic sounds of Grouper and Govinda along with Punk Rock Bands Zounds and The Jesus Lizard, Rear View Cataclysm is a feast for the heart and senses.
Profile on Filmfestivals.com
03.02.2024 | Editor's blog
03.02.2024 | Editor's blog
09.02.2024  |  Newsletter's blog
Cat. : FESTIVALS 
The Bulletin Board
> The Bulletin Board Blog
> Partner festivals calling now
> Call for Entry Channel
> Film Showcase
	> The Best for Fests
> Meet our Fest Partners 
Following News
Interview with IFTA Chairman (AFM)
Interview with Cannes Marche du Film Director
Filmfestivals.com dailies live coverage from
> Live from India 
> Live from LA
> Beyond Borders
> Locarno
	> Toronto
	> Venice
	> San Sebastian
	> AFM
	> Tallinn Black Nights 
	> Red Sea International Film Festival
> Palm Springs Film Festival
> Kustendorf
> Rotterdam
> Sundance
> Santa Barbara Film Festival SBIFF
> Berlin / EFM 
> Fantasporto
> Amdocs
> Houston WorldFest 
> Julien Dubuque International Film Festival
> Cannes / Marche du Film 
Useful links for the indies:
> Big files transfer
> Celebrities / Headlines / News / Gossip
> Clients References
	> Crowd Funding
> Deals
> Festivals Trailers Park
> Film Commissions 
> Film Schools
> Financing
> Independent Filmmaking
> Motion Picture Companies and Studios
> Movie Sites
> Movie Theatre Programs
> Music/Soundtracks 
> Posters and Collectibles
> Professional Resources
> Screenwriting
> Search Engines
> Self Distribution
> Search sites – Entertainment
> Short film
	> Streaming Solutions
> Submit to festivals
> Videos, DVDs
> Web Magazines and TV
> Other resources
+ SUBSCRIBE to the weekly Newsletter
	+ Connecting film to fest: Marketing & Promotion
	+ Special offers and discounts
	+ Festival Waiver service 
+ Special offers and discounts from filmfestivals.com
	+ Festival Waiver service 
	+ One month festival promotion
	+ The Bulletin Board service
	+ Become a festival partner

		 JUST FOR FUN
		 
> Bonus Casino 
		> casasapuestasdeportivas.es 
		> Casinoonlineespaña.es
		> Casinos online 
		> Festival offers
		> Rahapelit   
More images
The blog publishes the past collection of our newsletters covering the film festival circuit.
	It distributes the latest news for free to 200 000 film & festival professionals subscribers from around the world.
Advertise inside the newsletter?
	Promote your festival call for entry, promote your film.
Subscribers breakdown details
Paris
France
+ Get the Editor's picks and news
	+ Promote your line up during AFM - Cannes - Berlin
	+ The editorial  festivals and markets partners
	+ Contact the Editor 
	+ The Editor's pick 'BEST FOR FESTS'
The Festival Beat Special edition 1128
The Festival Beat Special edition 1127
The Festival Beat Special edition 1126
The Festival Beat Special edition 1125
The Festival Beat N°1125  
The Festival Beat N°1124 Berlin and Santa Barbara in focus
The Festival Beat N°1123
The Festival Beat N°1122 and a Happy new year
The Festival Beat N°1121 and a Happy new year
The Festival Beat N°1120 and a Happy new year
More blog entries
About | Advertise | Contact |  Add to your bookmarks | Subscribe to the weekly newsletter | Copyright (c)  contributing members - 2025