"This is why you can't give up when people doubt you or put you down," Gaga said.

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


Lady Gaga recently responded to an old Facebook group created by some of her ex-classmates, who mocked her dreams of stardom several years ago. 

	Gaga briefly attended NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts before leaving in 2005 to pursue a music career. At the time, she had just started performing under her now-iconic stage name, and word of her performances spread quickly among her peers, leading to the creation of the Facebook group titled “Stefani Germanotta, you will never be famous.”

	Members of the group reportedly ridiculed her dreams of becoming famous, mocking her performances and aspirations.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Now, a TikTok post that has gone viral, screenshots of the now-deleted Facebook group were shown, followed by a list of Gaga’s numerous accolades, including her 13 Grammy wins, an Oscar, and a long list of other prestigious awards. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The “Die With a Smile” singer herself commented on the video, addressing the hate she experienced during her early years: “Some people I went to college [with] made this way back when. This is why you can’t give up when people doubt you or put you down—gotta keep going.”
Lady Gaga talking about the infamous facebook group made against her before her debut, they will never make me hate her pic.twitter.com/LxsNFNJ9vN

	Gaga’s journey to fame wasn’t an overnight success. 

	After leaving college, she began playing small gigs around New York City under the stage name Lady Gaga. Little did her classmates know, she’d go on to release The Fame just a few years later in 2008, with hits like “Just Dance” and “Poker Face” dominating the Billboard charts.

	In 2016, one of her former classmates, Lauren Bohn, shared her memories of the Facebook group, recalling how the members would belittle Gaga’s ambitions and even trample on flyers for her shows. 

	“I also remember one dude posting a flyer for one of her upcoming gigs at a local village bar. He had clearly stomped on the flyer, an outline of his muddy [sole] struggling to eclipse her name,” Bohn wrote, praising Gaga for sticking to her dreams and breaking through despite the negativity.

	Since those early days, Gaga has become one of the most decorated artists in the world. She’s won 13 Grammy Awards, including two for co-writing and performing her A Star Is Born anthem “Shallow,” which also earned her an Oscar.

	She’s landed five No. 1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 and six No. 1 albums on the Billboard 200, including Born This Way and Chromatica. Her latest track with Bruno Mars, “Die With a Smile,” also scored the No. 1 spot on Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts.

	And let’s not forget that she was also named Woman of the Year at Billboard Women in Music 2015.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.