SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (WGGB/WSHM) - We are exactly two weeks away from one of the most well-known pop rock bands worldwide taking over Springfield. Maroon 5 is scheduled to perform at the MassMutual Center to kick off July and tickets are still available.
“People get excited about them (these events). We do so well that other bands want to come. They want to see it. Other agents want to come, (as well as) other promoters,” said MassMutual Center General Manager Sean Dolan.
It is the show of the summer many in western Massachusetts are chatting about. Last year, the talk of the town was Grammy award winner Bruno Mars. Now, it’s Adam Levine and Maroon 5, with the band scheduled to take over the MassMutual Center for one night and one night only. Dolan told Western Mass News how the pieces fell into place.
“What we’ve seen over the past few years is that these larger bands are coming into Springfield having a great time. Our customer service scores and post-event surveys in the building always average over 90 percent in terms of likelihood to return, likelihood to recommend. That’s a testament to the staff here,” Dolan explained.
The performance comes after MassMutual Center was just ranked ninth in Venuesnow’s 2024 top 10 stops mid-year worldwide venues in the capacity category of 5,001 to 10,000 people. Dolan said tickets for the show have been selling for a few months. However, there are still several seats available and Dolan urged Maroon 5 fans to get them while you still can.
“Come down, buy tickets either in the building directly or online directly, and we’ll make sure we get you the best price and the most bang for your buck,” Dolan added.
Dolan is excited as well about the band playing at the venue and he knows this particular night could be a big one for not just concert attendees, but for the entire local area.
“Go to a restaurant, enjoy yourself, get a drink, whatever is your cup of tea, if you will. Make sure you enjoy Springfield, see what western Mass. has to offer,” Dolan said.
The one-night only Maroon 5 performance is on Monday, July 1 at 8 p.m. You can CLICK HERE for more information. As for buying the tickets in-person, the temporary box office is located at the convention center entrance of the venue.
Copyright 2024. Western Mass News (WGGB/WSHM). All rights reserved.