Choosing a name for your new baby is one of the biggest decisions for parents – as they'll have it for life.
Some mums and dads have their child's name picked out before they're even born. But for others, it's a struggle to find a moniker that suits their little one and keeps the whole family happy.
But as trends change and more people choose unique names, some classic names are in danger of disappearing. Keanu, Peggy, Kiera, Maddy and Nelson could soon be gone, says UK parenting site BabyCentre.
READ MORE: Join the Daily Star's WhatsApp for the sexiest headlines, showbiz gossip and lots more
Experts think this drop might be because new parents are avoiding names linked to celebrities. Names like Bruno, after singer Bruno Mars, and Vivienne, after fashion designer Vivienne Westwood, used to be popular.
Now, researchers have found a list of names that are nearly extinct. They looked at baby names from 2022 to 2023 to see which ones were becoming less popular.
Faye Mingo, from BabyCentre, told Mirror: "These names might have fallen out of popularity, but they could be the perfect choice for your new arrival if you want a unique baby name. Though these names are familiar, they're likely to be the only child in their class with the name."
The latest research shows that Keanu is the boys' name most at risk of disappearing in 2024, and Flo is the girls' name that might not be around much longer. Even though Keanu reminds us of the famous actor Keanu Reeves from John Wick and The Matrix, and Flo makes us think of Florence Pugh from Dune, and it seems like people aren't picking names that sound like celebs any more.
It also looks like parents are going for full names for their kids instead of short ones. So maybe Flo isn't as cool because more people like Florence, or they're choosing Madeline over Maddy.
Parents are getting creative with how they spell names too. They want their little ones to stand out by giving them special spellings of classic names.
Get all the biggest Lifestyle news straight to your inbox. Sign up for the free Daily Star Hot Topics newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.