The BLACKPINK singer performs on Wednesday night's (Dec. 11) Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, which airs at 11:35 p.m. ET/PT on NBC. See exclusive photos.

													By
												

	Katie Atkinson

Executive Digital Director, West Coast

	Does Jimmy Fallon have some new competition for his Tonight Show gig?

	On Wednesday night’s (Dec. 11) episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, ROSÉ will make her solo in-studio performance debut, playing a mash-up of “APT.” and “Toxic Till the End,” both from her just-released Rosie album. In photos from the performance exclusive to Billboard, the BLACKPINK singer can be seen singing behind Fallon’s iconic late-night desk, with her feet comfortably kicked up.

	In another exclusive photo, ROSÉ is seen bathed in purple light on the 30 Rock stage, wearing a midriff-baring black top, a pleated gray miniskirt and red-and-black striped suspenders.

	Finally, in what appears to be the performance’s grand finale, multicolor confetti rains down on the pop idol, who is backed by a six-person band dressed in all black with the neon Tonight Show sign glowing above them.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	One of the songs she’ll perform tonight, Rosie lead single “APT.” (a duet with Bruno Mars), has so far peaked at No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 — surpassing even the highest-charting hit of her globally famous K-pop girl group BLACKPINK.

	BLACKPINK and ROSÉ previously performed on The Tonight Show, but both during the show’s at-home COVID edition when acts weren’t appearing in-person at the New York studio. BLACKPINK performed “How You Like That” in June 2020 and ROSÉ shared a pre-taped performance of “On the Ground” in March 2021.

	To catch ROSÉ’s “APT.” and “Toxic Till the End” performance, tune in to The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon at 11:35 p.m. ET/PT on NBC.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.