Sarah Michelle Gellar left her fans speechless after she posed in an eye-catching glitzy dress.
The Scooby Doo and Buffy the Vampire Slayer actress looked nothing short of incredible when she put on the frock before heading out to a concert. The 46-year-old was dressed to the nines ahead of the gig as she opted for a floor-length dress.
Dazzling in a gold gown which barely grazed the floor Sarah shared a snap with her hands placed on her hips as the halterneck dress hung off her figure. With a cut-out centre and nothing on the top, Sarah left her followers impressed.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Sarah Michelle Gellar displays endless legs in teeny wetsuit for lush swimming snaps
Her blonde locks sat in curls just past her neck as she opted for a full face of makeup. She posed for a close-up too, allowing her fans to see the smoky eye and a dollop of highlighter.
In the close-up Sarah's hair was tucked behind her ears to show off her glamorous gold earrings as she held her premium pass to Bruno Mars' Vegas residency around her neck.
Sarah flashed a smile as she shared her excitement for the show before captioning the snap: "Yup... I'm back... Vegas baby! Would have more pics, but as Bruno Mars sang last night... I took your f***ing phones."
Her followers instantly rushed to the comments to swoon over her as she racked up 70,000 likes on the snap. One user wrote: "Looking phenomenal and like a goddess Sarah!"
Another wrote: "Girl you actually don't age at all!!", while a third said: "The golden slayer."
Sarah posts regularly for her 4.5million followers on Instagram and it's always a mix of glamorous outfit ensembles to family photos. Years on, fans still swoon over snaps she shares with her husband, Freddie Prinze JR, after they met while filming I Know What You Did Last Summer.
The pair then worked together again on the Scooby Doo franchise playing Fred and Daphne and they soon tied the knot - marking over 20 years of happy marriage just two years ago.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.