From unique names to popular classics to top trends for 2025, your new pup’s name is on this list.
Country Living editors select each product featured. If you buy from a link, we may earn a commission. Why Trust Us?
Your very good boy deserves a name just as good. Lucky you’ve landed on this list of the best male dog names, from most popular (perennial favorites like Max, Cooper, and Bear—some dogs just look like a Bear, don’t they?) to top 2025 trends driven by pop culture (celebrities, TV, movies, and favorite foods). 
If you are looking for unique dog names, we’ve got you covered on that front too. Here at Country Living, we are partial to country dog names (Moonshine, Hunter, Wyatt), as well as names of favorite crooners. (For instance, we love how Carly Pearce paired the names Johnny and June as a nod to one of country music’s great love stories.) Looking for black dog names? Try Smith, as in blacksmith. In fact, Country Living’s Pet Lab has a canine team member named Smith who’s tested everything from pet cameras to dog harnesses).
Does a sports-inspired name sound like a home run? You’re in good company with actor Chris Evans, who named his adopted pup Dodger. Craving a food name? Calzone, Provolone, and Pork Chop are on trend, and—for a very special dog who can pull it off— Tater Tot is our personal favorite. Whichever way you’re leaning, you will find a winner on this list of 400 great boy dog names. 
Now that you can cross “find the perfect dog name” off your list, you can focus on helping your pup adjust to his new home, making him cozy in a dog bed just right for him, and—last but not least—stocking up on indestructible dog toys (you can thank us for later).
In December, Rover released its annual dog name trend report, including the top 10 overall and across several categories. While these monikers are no Charlie or Max yet, they are picking up major steam with impressive growth in year-over-year popularity.
Yes, you’ve likely already heard of some of these options. Going with something that’s widely beloved isn’t a bad thing—it’s just a sign that a lot of other people agree that it’s a great choice. 
This may in fact be our favorite dog name category at Country Living—especially if your pup is prone to howling. Dog microphone optional.
These picks will ensure your pooch feels right at home in a more pastoral setting, frolicking among the tire swings and gravel drives.  
This list is for the dog that sits at your feet while you sip something refreshing in your rocking chair.
Take your pick but we’ll admit we’re kinda partial to Moon Pie and Tater Tot.  
Can your dog jump high? Is he lightning-fast? Then consider one of the athletically inclined options below.
Dog parents who appreciate the tranquility of a day spent in nature will love these outdoorsy options.
Looking to a favorite film, TV show, or video game for inspiration is a fun way to find a dog name. It also gives you an excuse to settle in on the sofa in the name of “research.”
Look no further than the local library for a name that has some gravitas. While we’re here we should also probably let you know that you could also get a smoking jacket for your pup while you’re at it.         
Go ahead and roll out the red carpet for your favorite rescue pet. (Just don’t blame us if he provides you with a three-page rider of ridiculous demands.)
Rover’s dog name database also turned up these punny gems.
Terri Robertson is the Senior Editor, Digital, at Country Living, where she shares her lifelong love of homes, gardens, down-home cooking, and antiques. 
Top Trending Girl Dog Names in 2025
9 Actually Indestructible Dog Toys
9 Best Dog Beds as Tested by Our Editors
10 Best Advent Calendars for Dogs
Dolly Parton Unveils Line of Dog Toys and Apparel
Petco Has a 25% Discount on Pet Products
The Best Dog Products on Amazon
Shop Amazon’s Massive Secret Sale on Pet Supplies
Tips to Keep Your Pet Safe at Summer BBQ Parties
Yes, Your Dog Needs a Birthday Present
The Top Tips For Traveling With a Dog
Heated Dog Beds to Keep Man's Best Friend Toasty
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.