e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
It’s unusually quiet inside Crypto.com Arena on a recent Monday morning as tour guide Marvin Brooks Jr. leads a small group of visitors into the downtown Los Angeles landmark that recently celebrated its 25th anniversary.
It’s cold, too, thanks to the ice that covers the floor in anticipation of the Los Angeles Kings hockey game against the Dallas Stars two nights later.
Over the next 90 minutes, Brooks takes his guests to places most people who come to Crypto.com Arena never see.
There’s a stop in the press box, so high above the ice – or  hardwood court when the Los Angeles Lakers or Los Angeles Sparks are home – that it is level with the championship banners that hang from the rafters.
We walk through City View Terrace; the space, except for a few rows of ticketed seats, is open to any fan with a ticket to grab a bite or a beverage. Then it’s onto the Lexus Club, where a backroom once hosted Kobe Bryant‘s retirement party, and Yaamava’ Club by San Manuel, both of which have more limited access.
There are stops inside private suites that ring the venue on three different levels – Crypto is the only arena in the world with three tiers of suites, Brooks notes. There’s a visit to the lowest floor of the arena with a walk through the Delta Sky 360 Club, the most exclusive club in the building, and a walk by the Kings and Lakers locker rooms and then out the tunnel through which the players access the ice and court.
At the finish, we stop at a monument to the superstar Taylor Swift, who long before she launched the just-concluded record-breaking Eras Tour was honored by the then-Staples Center with a championship banner of her own for selling out the venue a record 16 times. (Earlier, in a hallway along the tour route, a photo of that moment – Swift receiving the banner mid-show from Kobe in 2015 – was hung on a wall.)
Crypto.com Arena only started offering behind-the-scenes tours to the public on Nov. 1, but it’s not alone in Southern California. Seven other venues with capacities of 15,000 or more also offer tours for sports fans and music lovers to learn more about the places they mostly know from the perspective of their ticketed seats at games and concerts.
Those include two of the newest ones, SoFi Stadium and Intuit Dome in Inglewood, a couple of stadiums where the Dodgers and Angels play baseball in Los Angeles and Anaheim, and three of the most historic venues on the West Coast in the Rose Bowl, Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, and the Hollywood Bowl.
“We have had guests asking us for tours of the building for decades,” says Amber Watts, vice president of guest services for Crypto.com Arena. “Since we opened, people have wanted to be able to come inside and see. People that live here, people that are season ticket holders, and also tourists.
“We finally had an opportunity to open up the building and start selling tickets and tours to the public,” she says of the recent completion of extensive renovations at the arena. “But it’s just something that people have been asking for for a very long time, and we didn’t have the availability, because we had very few dark days in the building.”
With the upgrades finished and the Los Angeles Clippers leaving the arena for their new home at the Intuit Dome this year, and Cryto.com Arena celebrating 25 years in downtown Los Angeles, the time finally felt right.
“We decided this was a perfect time, and especially in conjunction with our 25th anniversary, it was an exciting time to do it,” Watts says.
Tours are currently only offered on days when the arena is dark – no games, concerts or other events. Eventually, a slightly shorter tour will be offered early on game days, she says.
“The very first person that took our tour on Nov. 1 was a guy that lives at 11th and Flower,” Watts says. “He and his wife were just like, ‘We’re two blocks away. We’ve never really seen a lot of parts of the building. We’ve been to a bunch of events here’ and thought it would be cool to come take a tour.
“We had a guy and his son that came from New Zealand or Australia that were huge Lakers fans,” she continues. “They wanted to take the tour and go to a Lakers game, but the Lakers were not in town at the same time, so they came and did a tour. They were just so excited to see, you know, the Lakers locker room door and all of these really unique spaces.”
The father and son flew to Detroit the next day to see the Lakers play the Pistons, before catching a Lakers home game three weeks later on their return to Los Angeles, Watts says.
“Our tour guides that led their tour remembered them and came to their seats three weeks later when they came back,” she says. “Helped them take a picture near the court and got them some goodies.
“So it was really fun. It’s all different types of people that are coming to take the tour and really enjoying it.”
Tickets for the Crypto.com Arena VIP Tour are $60, which includes fees and taxes. To see which days tours are offered and purchase tickets see Cryptoarena.com/tours.
Other Southern California venues with public tours available include:
The homefield of the NFL’s Los Angeles Rams and Los Angeles Chargers, as well the site of concerts from artists including Paul McCartney, Taylor Swift, BTS, and Luke Combs, SoFi offers four different guided tours.
The Tours: The standard tour takes fans throughout the stadium, from the suites high above to seats on the 50-yard line at field level, though it doesn’t take fans onto the field. The combo tour includes all the stops on the standard tour but also brings fans to the locker rooms and through the players’ tunnel and onto the field where they are able to try their luck at kicking field goals and a few other football activities.
The all-access tour includes all of the stops on the standard and combo tours as well as a $15 voucher to eat or shop while at the stadium. The NFL Experience tour includes the all-access tour with an additional 30-minute stop at the NFL’s West Coast headquarters adjacent to SoFi.
Where: 1001 Stadium Drive, Inglewood
How much: The Standard is $45.10, the Combo costs $56.65, the All-Access is $68.20, and the NFL Experience is $79.75. (All prices include taxes and fees.)
Also: Tours on days before home games are called Rally Day tours and also include a chance to see the field as it’s prepped for game day.
For more: For tour dates and to purchase tickets, go to Sofistadium.com/stadium/stadium-tours.
Home court for the Los Angeles Clippers, the arena which opened in August with a concert by Bruno Mars has also hosted shows from David Gilmour of Pink Floyd, Weezer, Cyndi Lauper and more in its first months. It offers two different levels of tours.
The Tours: The standard tour is 60 minutes and covers different levels of the state-of-the-art arena, including the clubs where guests with seats in the premium level can relax with food and drink, a trip to the locker rooms and more for $47.10 The all-access tour is 75 minutes and allows visitors to enter the players’ tunnel onto the floor, peek into the visiting team locker room and artists’ lounges, and receive a special Clippers gift for $67.70
Where: 3930 W. Century Blvd., Inglewood
How much: The standard tour is $47.10 while the all-access tour costs $67.70. Seniors, military veterans and members of the Clippers Chuckmark program can purchase discounted tickets. (All prices include taxes and fees.)
For more: For schedules of tours and to purchase tickets, see Intuitdome.com/events/arena-tours.
The Los Angeles Angels are based in Anaheim where their stadium has hosted one World Series-clinching game, performances by superstars Mike Trout and until recently Shohei Ohtani, and concerts from bands that included acts such as U2 and the Rolling Stones, and other events including Monster Jams and Harvest Crusades.
The Tours: The Behind-the-Scenes tour is 75 minutes and goes from the field and dugout to the broadcast booth and various suites including the Gene Autry Suite that honors the team’s longtime owner.
Pre-Game Tours are offered three hours before games on game days and include stops at the courtyard statues, the World Series and MVP trophies, a photo op behind the centerfield rocks, early access to watch team warmups, and more. VIP Pre-Game Tours include all of the above but you also get to watch the teams warm up from the outfield warning track.
Where: 2000 E. Gene Autry Way, Anaheim
How much: The Behind-the-Scenes Tour is $22 for adults and $17 for seniors, military, and children 3-14. The Pre-Game Tour range from $52 to $72. The VIP Pre-Game Tour is $152 to $202. For the pre-game tour, you must also have a ticket to that night’s game.
Also: Japanese-language tours are available.
For more: For schedules of tours and to purchase tickets, see mlb.com/angels/ballpark/tours.
Opened in 1962, Dodger Stadium is the third-oldest ballpark in the major leagues. It experienced its first full-season World Series since 1988 this year and has hosted concerts from acts including Pink, Elton John, Billy Joel, and more.
The Tours: The basic tour takes fans from the outfield bleachers to a club-level suite, with the Vin Scully Press Box another popular stop. There is no field or dugout access until the 2025 season due to renovations.
The club also hosts a variety of special tours and limited-run events. Earlier this month, you could buy a ticket for a World Series trophy photo op. On Dec. 26, the occasional Hands-On History Tour takes place – the regular stadium tour plus a chance to handle such game-used gear as uniforms, bats, bases, and more.
Clubhouse tours will resume in the spring, taking visitors through the weight rooms, batting cages, bullpen, and interview room. And special Fernandomania and Jackie Robinson-themed tours are also expected to resume in 2025.
Where: 1000 Vin Scully Ave., Los Angeles
How much: The basic tour costs $37.25 for adults, $27.25 for seniors, military vets, and children 3-14. The Hands-On History tour costs $112.25.
Also: Japanese- and Spanish-language tours are available.
For more: For schedules, tour offerings, and tickets see mlb.com/dodgers/ballpark/tours.
The oldest venue on our list, the Hollywood Bowl opened on July 11, 1922, and in addition to its traditional orchestral performances has hosted such pop stars as the Beatles, the Doors and Jimi Hendrix in the ’60s on through to the cream of the modern pop rock world today.
The Tours: Start at the Hollywood Bowl Museum which exhibits photographs, art and other historical materials associated with the landmark venue. There is a self-guided tour with a printable map you can download online that will take you past various points of interest. Or you can use The First 100 Years podcast as your audio guide. Each episode includes a short history on various locations at the Bowl, from the marquee and the Muse of Music statue to the Pool Circle and backstage and more.
Where: 2301 Highland Ave., Los Angeles
How much: It’s the best deal in town – the museum and the self-guided or podcast tours are free.
For more: To find out more about the museum, tours or to print out your tour map, see hollywoodbowl.com/visit/when-youre-here.
The Rose Bowl opened on Oct. 28, 1922, just months after the Hollywood Bowl. Home of the Rose Bowl football game held every New Year’s Day, it’s also the home field for UCLA football games and concerts that have included Green Day, Beyonce and Jay-Z, Coldplay and more.
The Tours: Held at 10:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. on the last Friday of every month – except December when the Rose Bowl is one day later – the Rose Bowl tours take you to the original 1922 locker room, the UCLA and visiting team locker rooms, the press box, field, luxury suites, Court of Champions and more.
Where: 1001 Rose Bowl Drive, Pasadena
How much: $27.49 for adults and $22.19 for children 5-12, seniors, and veterans.
For more: To see the schedule of tour dates and purchase tickets, see visitpasadena.com/events/rose-bowl-stadium-tours-2024.
The Coliseum opened on May 1, 1923, as a memorial to veterans of World War I. In addition to serving as the home field for the USC football team, it will host its third Olympic Games events in 2028 and occasionally presents concerts from acts including Deadmau5 and Kaskade, Rammstein, Kanye West with Drake, and more.
The Tours: Guided tours are offered at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. on Mondays and Tuesdays and cover both its historic past and the renovations over the years that have helped it keep up with the times. Like the SoFi tours, this one lets you check out the locker rooms and run through the players’ tunnel onto the field.
Where: 3911 S. Figueroa St., Los Angeles
How much: $27.75 for adults, $22.60 seniors, military, and kids 12 and under.
For more: To read more about the tour, scheduled dates, and tickets, see lacoliseum.com/tours
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group