18 November 2024

Beyonce will perform the halftime show when the Houston Texans take on the Baltimore Ravens on Christmas Day (25.12.24) .
Beyonce is performing a halftime show on Christmas Day
The superstar singer will be providing the entertainment for the NFL game that will air live on Netflix over the holidays as part of the streaming service's first ever NFL Christmas Gameday which the clash taking place at the NRG Stadium in Beyonce's hometown of Houston, Texas.
An article posted on Netflix's Tudum news site declared: "It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas — 'Cowboy Carter' Christmas, that is. On Nov. 17, Netflix announced that Beyonce will take the field as the halftime performer during NFL Christmas Gameday, streaming live on Netflix on Wednesday, December 25. 
"The performance will take place during the second of Netflix’s two Christmas Day games, as the Houston Texans host the Baltimore Ravens at NRG Stadium at 4:30 PM ET ... 
"With Netflix and Beyoncé, the NFL kicks off what is expected to be a new holiday tradition, as Netflix has also announced NFL games for 2025 and 2026. 

"Produced by Beyoncé’s Parkwood Entertainment and Jesse Collins Entertainment, this year’s halftime show will be the first live performance of songs from genre-bending and record-breaking album Cowboy Carter."

The post added: "Although the details of her NFL Christmas Gameday performance live on Netflix are currently under wraps, Beyonce is expected to bring along some special guests who are featured on the 'Cowboy Carter' album."

The pop star teased the performance in a video posted on Instagram which showed her wearing a cowboy hat and standing behind a microphone on top of a car adorned with red roses. She then catches a football and it cuts to the message "Christmas Day, Houston, Texas".

Beyonce previously headlined the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show in New Orleans, Louisiana in 2013.

During the performance, she staged a Destiny’s Child reunion by bringing out her former bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. 

She also made an appearance on stage during the Super Bowl 50 who in 2016 when she joined Coldplay and Bruno Mars on the field.


Tagged in  Beyonce


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.09639s v4.2 - 2025-05-03 23:13:31