International students receive emails from ISSS with guidance for maintaining immigration status, students report frustration
Law School ranks No. 14 in 2025 U.S. News rankings
University leaders condemn government oversight in AAC&U letter, Vanderbilt administration not listed
Vanderbilt community reacts to federal executive order to dissolve Department of Education
VADNOS: Vanderbilt has failed to stand up to Trump, and that should scare all of us
Record-low 4.7% of applicants admitted to Class of 2029, regular decision acceptance rate down to 3.3%
Men's Basketball: High school Class of 2025 forward Chandler Bing commits to Vanderbilt
UPDATED: MNPD on scene at Branscomb, student death reported
VUMC halts all diversity, equity and inclusion programs
Mary J. Blige rocks Bridgestone Arena for her “For My Fans Tour” with NE-YO
It’s impossible to imagine Nashville without its iconic nickname: “Music City.” With its vibrant live music scene, historic performance venues and an abundance of record labels and studios, Nashville is the heart of American music. It’s easy to lose sight of this history within the Vanderbilt bubble, so we’ve compiled an itinerary for a trip down Music Row. I’ve spent many afternoons walking down it, hoping to run into a famous artist. While I haven’t yet, there’s still a chance for you!
Address: 1111 16th Ave. South
Starting at the intersection of Edgehill and 16th Avenue, this independent record label is a key stop on Music Row. Its big red sign is unmistakable, and the walls outside the office are lined with photos of its star-studded roster. From household names like Miranda Lambert and Morgan Wallen to rising stars like Ashley Cooke and Ernest, Big Loud is a powerhouse in country music. Fans can snap photos with posters of the #1 hit “Last Night” and a massive banner promoting Miranda Lambert’s new album “Postcards from Texas.” Big Loud has earned numerous awards over the years, including Billboard’s #1 Country Label of the Year and the #1 Hot Country Songs Label. Established in 2015, this newer label has quickly become a major player in Nashville’s country music scene.
Address: 1110 16th Ave. South
Right across the street from Big Loud Records, take a quick stop at SMACKSongs. This Nashville-based publishing company represents talented songwriters behind some of the biggest hits in music since its founding in 2012. Led by Grammy-winning CEO Shane McAnally, SMACKSongs has achieved over 50 number-one songs. McAnally, a songwriter himself, works alongside a talented team that includes notable singer-songwriters like Walker Hayes and Kylie Morgan. SMACKSongs’ writers have crafted hits for Blake Shelton, Jon Pardi, Chris Stapleton, Sam Hunt and more. Fans of hits like “Body Like a Back Road,” “Space Cowboy” and “One Night Standards” will appreciate visiting the birthplace of these chart-topping tracks.
Address: 35 Music Square East
Just up the road, the Country Music Association (CMA) offices sit in a sleek, modern building. Known for its production of the CMA Awards and the CMA Fest in Nashville, this organization increases the awareness and propagation of country music. It is a trade association that honors its members — musicians, songwriters and industry professionals — in country music. Their mission is to continue expanding the genre’s influence globally. The association continues its positive impact by donating to provide children with access to music education.
Address: 34 Music Square East
This historic site is easily recognizable by the massive painted guitars that adorn its lawn, featuring bold reds and blues that epitomize the spirit of Music Row — perfect for a photo op. Built by producer Owen Bradley, Columbia Records was the first studio on Music Row, sparking the rise of Nashville’s country music scene. A-list musicians Johnny Cash and Bob Dylan recorded here, propelling them and Music City to fame. 
Address: 1611 Roy Acuff Place
Known as Nashville’s “Home of 1,000 Hits,” Studio B is baked into the history of the Nashville music scene. Many legends, including Elvis Presley, Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson, have recorded there. Although operations ceased in 1977, visitors can still explore the rich history of this iconic studio through the museum at RCA Studio B today. It is run by the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, preserving the birthplace of the “Nashville Sound.”
Address: 21 Music Square East
For mainstream pop music lovers, Warner Chappell is a great stop for a quick break from country tunes. As the music publishing arm of Warner Music Group, this global music entertainment company has locations in over 20 countries. One of the more established businesses on this itinerary, Warner Chappell boasts over 200 years of experience. Its impressive client roster includes Bruno Mars, Katy Perry and Madonna. 
Address: Roundabout Plaza, 1600 Division Street
To finish your tour of Music Row, head to the roundabout at the end of 16th Avenue. The sculpture “Musica” sits proudly in the center and is a memorable feature of Nashville. Created in 2012, this bronze and limestone piece of art features nine massive dancers in a circle, running and leaping through the air. This recognizable statue represents the heart of Music Row: creativity and the celebration of music. 
In just a short walk down Music Row, you’ll discover the vibrant history and influence of Nashville’s music scene, from legendary studios to modern-day music giants. So next time you’re on Music Row for a workout class or at The Well Coffeehouse having coffee, take a moment to look around and soak it all in. 
The official student newspaper of Vanderbilt University
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 

J. Powers									 • 									Oct 14, 2024 at 5:10 pm CDT 
“Musica” was created by Vanderbilt alum Alan LeQuire.  It is the largest bronze figure group in the United States.