Photo:Canva
Saturday Night Live is gearing up for its landmark 50th season by announcing the first five weeks of hosts and musical guests. Actress Jean Smart will host the season premiere on September 28th and will be joined by musical guest Jelly Roll. Comedian Nate Bargatze will take over hosting duties in the second week with Coldplay the musical guest. The next three weeks will be hosted by Ariana Grande, Michael Keaton and John Mulaney joined by musical guests Stevie Nicks, Billie Eilish and Chappel Roan. SNL will celebrate its 50th anniversary with a primetime special on February 16th.
https://ew.com/snl-season-50-hosts-musical-guest-announcement-8712802
A songwriter responsible for some of the biggest hits of the 1970s has died. JD Souther collaborated with The Eagles, Linda Ronstadt and other country-rock stars of the era. He co-wrote several big hits for the Eagles, including "Best of My Love," "New Kid In Town" and "Heartache Tonight." Souther also had a solo career that included the 1979 top ten hit, "You're Only Lonely." In 2013, Souther was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. His representatives say JD Souther died peacefully Tuesday at his home in New Mexico at age 78. 
https://deadline.com/2024/09/jd-souther-dead-1236092871/
The nation is celebrating a C-section--for a porcupine. The San Diego Zoo Wildlife Alliance says the first-of-its-kind surgery saved the lives of the mama porcupine and her baby . Veterinarians say this marks a major advancement in veterinary science and a huge step forward in conservation efforts.
https://www.cbsnews.com/chicago/video/veterinarians-at-san-diego-zoo-perform-c-section-on-north-american-porcupine/
A convicted felon is now wearing an ankle monitor on "Dancing With the Stars." High-society con artist Anna Delvey performed on the premiere of Season 33 Tuesday night with dancer Ezra Sosa, and was wearing a bedazzled ankle monitor that matched her outfit. Born in what was then the Soviet Union, the 33-year-old Delvey was the subject of the Netflix miniseries "Inventing Anna," and told the judges, "I reinvented myself many times, and this time I'm going to be a ballroom dancer." She said she has to wear the ankle monitor because she overstayed her visa.
https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/anna-delvey-performs-1st-dancing-183238372.html
Miley Cyrus is getting sued for allegedly copying a Bruno Mars song. Tempo Music Investments claims Cyrus' Grammy-winning hit "Flowers" uses parts of Mars' 2013 ballad "When I Was Your Man." The lawsuit also blames several companies for distributing "Flowers," including Sony Music Publishing, Apple, Target and Walmart. Tempo, the company filing the lawsuit, owns a percentage of the rights to Mars' song. But Bruno himself and his co-writers are not named as plaintiffs.
https://www.foxbusiness.com/entertainment/miley-cyrus-copying-bruno-mars-lawsuit-flowers
A Corvette owner in Miami Beach was shocked to find a stranger sitting in the driver's seat of his car. The owner says, after the suspect allegedly broke into his Vette, he couldn't get out. Apparently he was unable to figure out how to operate the door mechanism. The owner called police, started recording the situation on his phone and refused to help the would-be car thief out of the vehicle. The suspect is charged with burglary and remains behind bars, apparently unable to figure out how to get out of jail, either. He has yet to post his 25 hundred dollar bond.
https://wsvn.com/news/local/miami-dade/man-arrested-after-being-found-sitting-inside-sports-car-in-miami-beach-car-owner-speaks-out/