Manage your account
Looking for the perfect way to shower someone with Xs and Os this Valentine's Day?
The usual trimmings like a romantic dinner, flowers or chocolates are always appreciated. But letting someone know they're special to you can be as easy as sending them a sweet Valentine's Day quote.
If you don't have a supply of sentiments on hand, not to worry — we've collected a list of the best Valentine's Day quotes from movies, songs, books and poets below.
Need something romantic? Use Nicholas Sparks' heartwarming quote from “The Notebook”: “I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope and every dream I’ve ever had.”
We guarantee that with a line like that, you'll leave your beau in tears.
Hoping for something more lighthearted? Try a funny Valentine's Day quote like the one from the classic rom-com “Moonstruck”, when Loretta Castorini (Cher) responds to Ronny Cammareri's (Nicolas Cage) declaration of love with a slap across the face and the memorable line, “Snap out of it!”
Whatever words of affirmation you're searching for, you're sure to find them in the list below, which includes cute Valentine's Day messages, quotes for him, quotes for her, romance quotes and so much more.
Write one in a card or use these Valentine's Day quotes as a V-Day Instagram caption. Whoever receives them will undoubtedly appreciate your labor of love.
“I never want to stop making memories with you.” — Pierre Jeanty
“Love is a great beautifier.” — Louisa May Alcott
“All that you are is all that I'll ever need.” — Ed Sheeran, "Tenerife Sea"
“I love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my baby you'll be.” — Robert Munsch, "Love You Forever"
“I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.” — John Green, “The Fault in Our Stars”
“I'll be a poet, and you'll be poetry.” — François Coppée
“I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I'm with you.” — Elizabeth Barrett Browning
“I do love nothing in the world so well as you." — Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing”
“One is very crazy when in love.” — Sigmund Freud
“To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love” — Jane Austen, “Pride and Prejudice”
“To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.” — David Viscott
“True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.” — Kiera Cass
“If I know what love is, it is because of you.” — Hermann Hesse
“Whenever my mind wanders, it always finds its way back to you.” — Ranata Suzuki
“You might not have been my first love but you were the love that made all other loves seem irrelevant.” — Rupi Kaur
“I love her, and that's the beginning and end of everything.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Love is a lot like a toothache. It doesn't show up on X-rays, but you know it's there.” — George Burns
“Love is sharing your popcorn.” — Charles M. Schulz
“Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love.” — Albert Einstein
“I love you and it's getting worse.” — Joseph Morris
“Love is something sent from heaven to worry the hell out of you.” — Dolly Parton
“Without Valentine’s Day, February would be, well, January.” — Jim Gaffigan
“Perhaps it is our imperfections that make us so perfect for one another!” — Jane Austen, “Emma”
“Love Valentine’s Day, love New Year’s Eve, love taking the SATs, just love high pressure situations and extreme expectations in general.” — B.J. Novak
“There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.” — Linda Grayson
“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.” ― Elbert Hubbard
“Snap out of it!” ― Loretta Castorini, “Moonstruck”
“It wasn't love at first sight. It took a full five minutes.” ― Lucille Ball
“Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are.” ― Will Ferrell
“It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.” ― Rita Rudner
“I love that you are my person and I am yours, that whatever door we come to, we will open it together.” — A.R. Asher
“I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope and every dream I’ve ever had.” — Nicholas Sparks, “The Notebook”
“I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow.” — Leo Christopher
“Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.” — Aristotle
“You are the best thing that’s ever been mine.” — Taylor Swift, "Mine"
“We loved with a love that was more than love.” — Edgar Allan Poe, “Annabel Lee”
“When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.” — Harry Burns, “When Harry Met Sally”
“Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.” — Zelda Fitzgerald
“When you make loving others the story of your life, there’s never a final chapter, because the legacy continues.” — Oprah Winfrey
“You don’t love someone because they’re perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they’re not.” — Jodi Picoult, “My Sister’s Keeper”
“Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.” — Paulo Coelho, “Aleph”
“I see you everywhere, in the stars, in the river; to me you’re everything that exists; the reality of everything.” — Virginia Woolf, “Night & Day”
“Life is the flower for which love is the honey.” — Victor Hugo
“Valentine’s Day is the poet’s holiday.” — Ted Kooser
“Where there is love there is life.”— Charles Spurgeon, “The Complete Works of C.H. Spurgeon”
“To me, you are perfect.” — Mark, “Love Actually”
“Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.” — Ilsa Lund “Casablanca”
“Valentine’s Day is just another day to truly love like there is no tomorrow.” — Roy A. Ngansop, “I Choose Nina, My Tomboy”
“If it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.” — Leo Tolstoy, “Anna Karenina”
“The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.” — Leigh Bardugo, “Six of Crows”
“The people you love deserve to hear it.” — Malanda Jean-Claude
“True love stories never have endings.” — Richard Bach
“There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.” — George Sand
“One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.” — Paulo Coelho
“In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.” — Maya Angelou
“In one respect I have succeeded as gloriously as anyone who’s ever lived: I’ve loved another with all my heart and soul; and to me, this has always been enough.” — Nicholas Sparks, “The Notebook”
“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho, “The Alchemist”
“Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.” — Maya Angelou
“Look after my heart — I’ve left it with you.” — Stephenie Meyer, “Eclipse”
“True love is rare, and it’s the only thing that gives life real meaning.” — Nicholas Sparks, “Message in a Bottle”
“Being married is like having somebody permanently in your corner. It feels limitless, not limited.” — Gloria Steinem
“If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.” — Alfred Tennyson
“I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone.” — J.R.R. Tolkien, “The Fellowship of the Ring”
“Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind / And therefore is wing’d Cupid blind.” — William Shakespeare, “A Midsummer Night’s Dream”
“How do I love thee? Let me count the ways." — Elizabeth Barrett Browning, “How Do I Love Thee? (Sonnet 43)”
“The kiss itself is immortal. It travels from lip to lip, century to century, from age to age. Men and women garner these kisses, offer them to others and then die in turn.” ― Guy de Maupassant, “A Tress of Hair”
“True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.” — François de La Rochefoucauld
“Make me immortal with a kiss.” ― Christopher Marlowe, “Doctor Faustus”
“I was in love with loving.” — St. Augustine, “The Confessions”
“Love isn’t love till you give it away.” — Oscar Hammerstein, “Love Isn’t Love”
“You are the sunshine of my life / That’s why I’ll always be around / You are the apple of my eye / Forever you’ll stay in my heart.” —Stevie Wonder, “You Are the Sunshine of My Life”
“Sure there is music even in the beauty, and in the silent note which Cupid strikes, far sweeter than the sound of an instrument.” — Sir Thomas Browne, “Religio Medici”
“Who can give law to lovers? Love is a greater law to itself.” —Boethius, “De Consolatione Philosophiae”
“Love is the answer / At least for most of the questions in my heart.” — Jack Johnson, “Better Together”
“Doubt thou the stars are fire; Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt the truth to be a liar, but never doubt I love.” — William Shakespeare
“If there ever comes a day when we can’t be together, keep me in your heart. I’ll stay there forever.” — A. A. Milne
“Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young.” — Arthur W. Piner
“I hope it’s okay if I love you forever.” — Ally Maine, “A Star Is Born”
“My heart is, and always will be, yours.” ― Jane Austen, “Sense and Sensibility”
“If you remember me, then I don’t care if everyone else forgets.” ― Haruki Murakami, “Kafka on the Shore”
“You had me at ‘hello.’” — Dorothy Boyd, “Jerry Maguire”
“I’m scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel when I’m with you.” — Baby Houseman, “Dirty Dancing”
“Don’t forget: I’m also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.” — Anna Scott, “Notting Hill”
“You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.” ― Margaret Mitchell, “Gone with the Wind”
“In case you ever foolishly forget: I am never not thinking of you.” ― Virginia Woolf, “Selected Diaries”
“You are my heart, my life, my one and only thought.” ― Arthur Conan Doyle, “The White Company”
“Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.” — Emily Brontë, “Wuthering Heights”
“I guess you might say he gave me the world.” — Lucy, "While You Were Sleeping"
“I wish I knew how to quit you.” — Jack Twist, “Brokeback Mountain”
“And when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while.” — Bruno Mars, “Just The Way You Are”
“You light up my world like nobody else." — One Direction, “What Makes You Beautiful”
“I wanted it to be you. I wanted it to be you so badly." — Kathleen Kelly, “You've Got Mail”
“You complete me.” — Jerry Maguire, “Jerry Maguire”
“Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.” — Nicole Krauss, “The History of Love”
“What's meant to be will always find a way.” — Trisha Yearwood
“For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.” — Stephanie Perkins, “Anna and the French Kiss”
“And I'd choose you; in a hundred lifetimes, in a hundred worlds, in any version of reality, I'd find you and I'd choose you.” — Kiersten White, “The Chaos of Stars”
“The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever.” — Nicholas Sparks, “The Notebook”
“You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.” — Jane Austen, “Pride and Prejudice”
“I couldn't love you any better, I love you just the way you are.” — Billy Joel, "Just the Way You Are”
“Maybe 'okay' will be our 'always.'” — John Green, “The Fault in Our Stars”
This article was originally published on TODAY.com