Listen, let me tell you how I wanna do a whole lot of NOTHING today. LOL.
Quote:
Today I don’t feel like doing anything I just wanna lay in my bed…
Welcome back to Live Full Die Empty, where we believe in filling our cups with naps, not just coffee!
Bruno Mars gets the quote for the week because he summed it up perfectly. My goodness! I don’t know if I ever really came back from vacation, LOL. I had such an amazing time sailing the open seas, then I immediately had to shift into project manager survivor mode. Now I just wanna chill. Like lay in the bed, drink coffee, and eat cookies all day. And I don’t feel bad. I’m pushing through it, a little bit. You see I’m right here talking to you. I still need to get in here and finish cooking so pray for me.

I also just learned that post hurricane fatigue is an actual thing. There are studies that show that folks who live through natural disasters are often mentally exhausted. Interesting right? Which brings me to my Gratitude Point for the week. I am truly grateful for the joy that is still in my heart. I have laughed harder this week than I have in a long time. Silly shows on Netflix like The Circle which is one of my favorites, and puppy videos have really blessed me these last few days. I may not have every single thing I want, but I have all that I need and I give God glory for that. Hallelujah!

It just reminds me that in all things we must seek balance. If we’re going to work hard, we ought to play hard. And because life is hard we have to go hard after our self-care. I don’t know about you, but I am more committed than ever to taking better care of me. So how does a minister, influencer, leader, and motivator make sure that she is okay mentally, physically, and emotionally?

Here’s how:
1. Focus on one thing at a time. Choose one thing that’s impactful and important and do that first. See it through to the end before starting something new.
2. Practice deep breathing. Before you go to another task, take a five-minute break. During your break clear your mind and take deep breaths.
3. Give yourself permission to rest. Take a nap! On your break of course. Set your alarm and go to sleep. You’ll feel better afterward.
4. Let go of perfectionism. Stop judging yourself so harshly. Give it your best and be done.
5. Celebrate small wins. Remember progress is one step closer to finished. Pat yourself on the back.
I recognize that these five tips while simple are easier said (or typed) than done. That being said, if you can’t consistently put all these into place, start with one. Choose one thing from this list and incorporate it into your daily routine. I promise if you just begin breathing deeply and intentionally you’ll see a difference. Or if you just start taking quick power naps during your break you will feel re-energized.
I pray that you and I both release our frustrations, get moving, and step into our joy.
Peace be unto you Friend.