Strictly Come Dancing's Nadiya Bychkova is joining forces with boyband The Overtones for a new touring stage project, Jukebox Idols. The show will feature hits from the likes of The Beatles and Elvis Presley to Take That and Bruno Mars, complete with dance routines performed by a cast of dancers.
The tour is set to make stops across the UK next June and will be coming to Birmingham's Alexandra Theatre, with tickets going on sale this Friday (December 13). "This is going to be amazing! " Nadiya exclaimed.
"I am so excited to be touring Jukebox Idols next summer with The Overtones. They are the best vocal harmony group in the UK and it’s going to be wonderful sharing the stage with them."
Read more: BBC Strictly fans think they've worked out 2025 contestant
The entire cast is at the top of their game so the show is going to be a perfect fusion of song and dance. We can’t wait for you to see it.
" The Overtones added. "The Jukebox Idols tour is truly something special, and we're thrilled to be part of it!
This feel-good music and dance spectacular blends the best of two worlds, delivering a fresh, high-energy spin on timeless entertainment that’s perfect for everyone. "Sharing the stage every night with the incredible five-time world champion, Nadiya, alongside some of the UK’s most exceptional dancers is, to excuse the pun, 'strictly' an honour. This isn’t just a show – it’s an electrifying experience that takes entertainment to the next level."
We’re bringing our all to this, and we know our fans are going to lov.
Nadiya was partnered with Olympic swimmer Tom Dean on the current season of Strictly, with the pair becoming the first couple to be eliminated.
The full list of Jukebox Idols dates is as follows:
Strictly Come Dancing airs on Saturdays on BBC One, while spin-off Strictly: It Takes Two airs on weeknights on BBC Two. Both shows are available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.
Available for streaming on BBC iPlayer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.