Michael Becker/FOX
Wasp is buzzing into the competition in season 12 of The Masked Singer and viewers are eager to know who is under the black and yellow mask.

In his debut episode on The Masked Singer, which aired on October 16, 2025, Wasp said he “grew up in a tough neighborhood” and there was “no reason he should have made it out.” However, he said he learned to “dig deep and fight.”
He was wearing a pair of boxing gloves in the clue package. Wasp said that his career took him to the biggest stages in the world. There was a Mars clue. For his first performance in the competition, Wasp brought the house down with a rendition of “Rock Your Body” by Justin Timberlake.
It became evident that he could dance pretty well right from the first few seconds of the performance. Is this someone who has experience performing on a stage before? That remains to be seen, however, it would not be shocking if it was a singer or songwriter under the mask.
Wasp’s Masked Singer Ambassador is Ne-Yo, who competed as Cow in season 10 and won the competition. The hitmaker said he has known Wasp since he was fresh on the scene. Wasp gained huge success by taking Ne-Yo’s words of wisdom.
Ne-Yo has a ton of connections in the music world and in Hollywood in general. The possibilities are endless!
Robin Thicke said that Wasp is going to be tough to beat after seeing his amazing first performance. We’d have to agree!
In honor of Sports Night on The Masked Singer this season, each contestant brought an athletic shoe from home that represented their life. Wasp brought a special pair of basketball shoes along with him, which were gold with honeycomb designs on them. “Fresh kicks helps me to stay on my game,” he said of the clue.
Rita Ora guessed that it was Taye Diggs under the mask because of the clue about being on some of the world’s biggest stages. Taye is known for his work on Broadway and his musical talents, so she could be on the right track.
Jenny McCarthy guessed that it could be Bruno Mars, however, it’s obvious that Wasp’s tone does not sound anything like Bruno’s famous voice. Robin guessed that it could be Jason Derulo under the mask.
While Wasp’s identity stumped the judges, it’s clear that it’s someone with tremendous talent under the mask! Folks on Reddit guessed that Wasp could be Mario, who has plenty of singing and onstage experience to take him far on The Masked Singer. The guess would make sense considering Mario’s hit “Let Me Love You” was written by Ne-Yo himself. Still, you can never be too certain when it comes to who is under the colorful mask.
“Mario acting like we don’t know this is him on the masked singer as the wasp,” one person wrote on X. Another wrote, “Guessing the wasp is either Usher or Mario #TheMaskedSinger #WaspMask.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: