By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:22, 23 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:19, 23 October 2024   
 51
View  comments
Lady Gaga is getting back to basics.
Following her panned performance in the flop movie Joker: Folie à Deux, the New York City native, 38, is releasing a single titled Disease, set to be released Friday.
Diesase, the first of songs from her forthcoming seventh album, was teased Tuesday on the Grammy-winning artist's Instagram account, as she captioned the image: 'DISEASE 10.25.'
In a teaser clip from the viewpoint of an approaching vehicle, the actress-singer, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta, sported a black mane as she ran from it.
Gaga's label Universal Music on Monday put out pre-saves for the forthcoming single, with links to Spotify and Apple Music, Variety reported.
Lady Gaga, 38, is going back to basics in her pop career following her panned performance in the flop movie Joker: Folie à Deux. Pictured at the film's LA premiere last month 
The New York City native is releasing a single titled Disease on Friday 
Gaga also made public a Spotify playlist in which her letters in her songs spelled out the phrase 'Gaga Disease,' according to the outlet.
Lady Gaga on Monday posted an adjacent image of what appeared to be her figure splayed across the front of a car with the phrase 'Disease' painted on the street, and a series of dates, times and cities. 
The singer, whose hits include Bad Romance, Born This Way, Just Dance and Poker Face, is headed back to her pop persona following the September release of her album Harlequin, which was inspired by Joker: Folie à Deux.
Among the tracks on the album included two new songs, and standards such as That's Entertainment, That's Life and Get Happy.
Like the film, it was not an initial commercial success, marking her lowest ever entry for a full-length record on the Billboard 200 charts at number 20.
Lady Gaga in the movie played the role of Harley Quinn opposite Joaquin Phoenix, who earned the Best Actor Oscar for his performance in the franchise's 2019 film Joker.
According to the outlet, Joker: Folie à Deux 'could potentially lose $150 to $200 million' despite studio insiders saying it would break even.
The Warner Bros. film has made $192.2 million worldwide, with $56.6 million in domestic box office revenue, according to Box Office Mojo.
In a teaser clip from the viewpoint of an approaching vehicle, the actress-singer, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta, sported a black mane as she ran from it 
Lady Gaga on Monday posted an adjacent image of what appeared to be her figure splayed across the front of a car with the phrase 'Disease' painted on the street, and a series of dates, times and cities 
The singer is headed back to her pop persona following the September release of her album Harlequin, which was inspired by Joker: Folie à Deux 
Joker: Folie à Deux, starring Joaquin Phoenix opposite the pop staple, underwhelmed with critics and in box office revenues 
Some fans have said that despite the film's initial failure financially and with critics, it will be looked upon favorably years from now.
Lady Gaga has had some commercial success in recent months with her pairing with Bruno Mars on Die With a Smile, which was released in August, landing in the third spot on Billboard's Hot 100.
In 2020, she put out the studio album Chromatica, which initially landed in the top spot upon its debut and included the hit single Rain on Me, a collaboration with Ariana Grande.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group