Her wardrobe is anything but “Shallow.” 
Lady Gaga shared a rare glimpse inside her $22.5 million Malibu, Calif., mansion’s luxurious walk-in closet in a new video posted to her TikTok Sunday.
In the short clip, the “Bad Romance” singer, 38, was seen dancing and swaying her hips to her and Bruno Mars’ new song, “Die With A Smile,” in the stylish storage space while wearing a floral dress.
“When I fantasize about dropping all my new music at once,” she captioned the video.
TikTok users were able to sneak a peek at Gaga’s closet, which features endless racks of clothing and a massive mirrored wall of closets. 
At the center of the room, she has a large pink island dresser topped with several luxury handbags, jewelry, and other accessories. 
The pop star’s closet also contains a stunning white marble fireplace with a mantel that holds her Oscar award and a plush white chair piled high with more pricy purses.
One corner is dedicated to several shelves of sunglasses while another wall displays all 13 of the singer-songwriter’s Grammy awards. 
The decor in the modern setup is simple and elegant with a grand chandelier hanging from above and beautiful white lace curtains draped over floor-to-ceiling windows to create picture-perfect lighting. She also decorated the closet with minimalistic art pieces hanging on the walls to generate a lively yet refined ambiance.
The “A Star is Born” actress purchased her stunning beachside estate in 2014, according to Architectural Digest. 
 “This is my sanctuary…my oasis of peace,'” she told Vogue of her opulent abode in 2018. 
Gaga’s home, which she lovingly calls her “Gypsy Palace,” is situated on a nearly six-acre lot right across from Zuma Beach and boasts five bedrooms and seven bathrooms, according to MyDomaine.com. 
Gaga’s primary suite has a large private terrace and the charming living room has exposed beams and rustic fixtures. 
Other amenities in the manse reportedly include a wine cellar, a home theater, a 1960s-style bowling alley and a trendy wet bar.
Aside from its unobstructed ocean views, the expansive property also features an upscale guest cottage, private horse stables, an outdoor fireplace, a chef’s grilling patio and a gorgeous deck with a swimming pool, hot tub and blooming garden. 
Advertisement