It’s been more than a decade since Sugababes’ OG trio officially reformed, but in the past few years the group has gone from strength to strength. Alongside a wild comeback slot at Glastonbury, we got an album of rescued and reworked recordings plus headline shows that were celebrations of outsized pop brilliance.
Now, Mutya Buena, Keisha Buchanan and Siobhán Donaghy have announced the biggest arena tour in their long, winding history, with plans to call at Leeds’ First Direct Arena, the O2 in London, Manchester’s Co-Op Live, Birmingham’s BP Pulse Live, Cardiff’s Utilita Arena, Newcastle’s Utilita Arena, Glasgow’s OVO Hydro, the SSE Arena Belfast and Dublin’s 3Arena between April 8 and 20 next year. Tickets go on general sale at 10am on  October 25.
Basically, their legacy remains incredibly strong and, while they may have a well stocked arsenal of pop classics we all want to get down to, here we’ve highlighted 10 essential tracks that we need to hear when they hit the road next spring.
Freak Like Me
While their debut album ‘One Touch’ caused a stir, it was second album ‘Angels With Dirty Faces’ that really put Sugababes on the UK pop map. Their splicing of Adina Howard’s raunchy ‘90s jam Freak Like Me with Gary Numan’s Are Friends Electric? launched a new age for Sugababes and catapulted the new trio of Buena, Buchanan and Heidi Range to the top of the UK charts.
Round Round
Not content with UK chart domination, Round Round saw Sugababes chart in the US for the first time, peaking at number 7 on the Billboard Dance chart, as well as charting well in Denmark, Netherlands, Italy, Belgium and many more. NME even credited it with reshaping British pop music and this likely remains a core musical memory for an entire generation of music fans. 
Push The Button
When it came to recording their fourth album ‘Taller In More Ways’, it appears that ‘saving the best for last’ really was the case. The final thing they recorded for that album, Push The Button usurped what they thought would be the lead single for the record and rightly so. It’s still an absolute powerhouse of a pop banger and we defy anyone not to sing along when they hear this, even today.
Overload
The song that started it all way back in the year 2000. Not only should it be in the setlist as a celebration of the original line-up’s triumphant return, but its ability to blend R&B with a dash of garage and make a truly irresistible pop hit is testament to everything Sugababes has done so well over the past 26 years. 
Flatline
While Sugababes’ return has flourished in recent years, it’s not always been plain sailing. They were embroiled for years in legal battles about the use of the name, and were known as Mutya Keisha Siobhan when they first released Flatline, a super cool, vibey pop song co-written with Dev Hynes. This one feels like a long-overdue win these days.
Too Lost In You
Whether you already knew Sugababes or not, Christmassy rom-com Love Actually ensured you would hear them by prominently featuring their 2003 track Too Lost In You in its soundtrack. This sultry and sombre ballad allowed the trio to show off their vocal prowess with haunting melodies and a massive key change chorus that’s impossible not to get swept up in. 
Hole In The Head
Sugababes clocked their third number one in the span of just 18 months with 2003’s Hole In The Head, the lead single from their album Three. Bouncy and full of attitude, the track displayed a group at full power and full of self-belief after their meteoric rise, and remains just as catchy and fun today.
About You Now
In 2007 there was another line-up change and another new top-selling song with Change’s lead single, About You Now. Certified double platinum in the UK, it was the first track to feature Amelle Berrabah in place of Mutya Buena and fused dance, pop rock and electronic music into an addictive whole that was impossible to avoid for a while. Even so, it’s not a track we’re tired of and will sound fantastic in arenas.
Run For Cover
For all of Sugababes energetic and dancey anthems, don’t overlook Run For Cover. Taken from their debut album, it remains one of their darkest tracks, lyrically exploring a desire to escape from reality. Remixed and re-recorded with MNEK in 2020, it became much more upbeat and in line with their usual fare, but the original is truly something to behold.
Get Sexy
By 2009, Sugababes had signed with Jay Z’s label Roc Nation which meant that their album 'Sweet 7' boasted high-profile producers and personnel. Lead single Get Sexy was co-written by Bruno Mars, for example, and while the electropop-tinged track would be the final single to feature Buchanan (Jade Ewen would re-record it for the album) it did once again reveal the group’s willingness to try new sounds.
Sugababes Upcoming Tour Dates are as follows:
Compare & Buy Sugababes Tickets at Stereoboard.com.
Sugababes Tour Dates
7 upcoming shows