Strictly Come Dancing professional Amy Dowden has said her heart is “breaking” after having to pull out of the rest of the dance competition due to a foot injury.
The Welsh dancer, 34, returned to competing in the BBC show for its 20th anniversary series after missing out last year due to undergoing cancer treatment.
Her celebrity partner, JLS star JB Gill, will now be paired with fellow pro Lauren Oakley, who stepped in to replace Dowden on last weekend’s show.
Dowden said in an Instagram post shared on Monday evening that she had felt “free again” in the “past few months” after getting to focus on choreography rather than cancer.
A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)
She wrote: “My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up.
“It was choreography, music choices, which dances in which order, what we needed to work on. I felt free again.
“My goal since hearing those words you have cancer was to get back on the Strictly dance floor. It’s been such a challenge to get back, one I devoted 2024 too.
“Which with my incredible team we got there. Something I wanted to do for myself and loved ones. There was no feeling like it dancing again in the ballroom with my Strictly family.”
Dowden thanked her dance partner Gill for being the “perfect partner” to return to, describing him as a “talented, kind, gentle soul” and their training room as “chilled, hardworking and full of big smiles enjoying what we was creating together with a blossoming friendship”.
The pair topped the leaderboard in week one and continued to do well in the competition, with their last dance together being a foxtrot to Dancing In The Moonlight by Toploader during Halloween week, which landed them a score of 32.
Dowden added: “I’m so sad, so upset and asking why me, why now that our journey has been cut short.
“My heart right now is breaking having to pull out of the competition due to a foot injury and I know only too well ‘This too shall pass’ and I’ll be soon better and back dancing.
“Something I’ve had to get used to in my life. I’m sure at some point we will dance again JB.”
She also told Gill and his new dance partner Oakley that she will “forever be your biggest cheerleader” and thanked her fans, loved ones and Strictly family.
A post shared by BBC Strictly (@bbcstrictly)
A Strictly spokesperson said: “Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year.
“Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley will step in as JB’s dance partner.
“The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes.”
Fleur East read out the statement on Monday’s episode of Strictly spin-off It Takes Two, adding: “Sending you all our love Amy, get better soon.”
Following the announcement, Gill described it as “heartbreaking news” but said their “moments will be forever in Strictly history”.
“Thank you for being the best teacher. Nothing but love from all of the Gill family,” he added in a comment on her post.
Oakley also sent her support, writing: “This too shall pass. We’re still a team. Love you. You did the ground work, I’ll carry your partnership forward and hopefully make you proud XXX.”
Fellow Strictly pros Neil Jones and Nadiya Bychkova as well as 2024 contestants Tasha Ghouri and Wynne Evans were also among those to send their love to Dowden.
Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse said Dowden’s “courage and strength inspire us all” and said the dancer focusing on her health is “the most beautiful act of self-care and resilience”.
She added: “Know that the entire Strictly family and everyone who loves you are with you every step of the way. We miss you deeply on the dance floor, but your well-being is what matters most.
“Sending you all my love, support, and strength as you take this time for yourself. Can’t wait to see you shining bright again when you’re ready. Love, Motsi.”
On Saturday, Dowden watched in the studio as Gill and Oakley danced to a Bruno Mars medley and earned the joint highest score of this year’s series.
Dowden was taken to hospital as a “precaution” after “feeling unwell” following the live show the previous weekend and missed the Sunday results programme, her representative said at the time.
Last year, Dowden found a lump in her breast while on her honeymoon in the Maldives with fellow professional dancer Ben Jones, and was unable to compete on Strictly.
After treatment for stage three breast cancer including having a mastectomy and chemotherapy, she announced in February that tests showed she had “no evidence of disease”.
The Caerphilly dancer has documented both her cancer journey and living with Crohn’s disease on a number of BBC shows.
She fronted the BBC programme Strictly Amy: Crohn’s And Me, which she said helped her “accept” her own condition for the “first time ever” after meeting other people with the bowel disease.
Dowden, who was admitted to hospital in Manchester following a Crohn’s flare-up during the 2022 Strictly live tour, said the BBC show encouraged her to front Strictly Amy: Cancer And Me in which she spoke about her fertility and health issues.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.