Starting Jan. 25, the Grammy Museum will offer free admission for attendees 17 and under

								By 

	Thania Garcia


	The Grammy Museum will offer free general admission for anyone 17 and under starting Jan. 25. The Los Angeles museum is hoping the move will encourage more young people to explore its three floors of interactive music-based exhibits and collections. 

	“The Grammy Museum has always been committed to increase access to music education by reaching underserved communities where access to our Museum and programming could make a huge impact,” said Michael Sticka, Grammy Museum President and CEO. “Waiving admission for kids 17 and under will go a long way towards achieving that goal.” Sticka just recently renewed his contract to serve as president  until 2029.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					Vince Vaughn Visits Donald Trump and The White House Shares ‘Wedding Crashers’ Parody Poster		
			








	The Stengaard Gross Family Education Initiative made the free admission possible with a donation to the Campaign For Music Education, a fundraising campaign launched in 2022 whose primary objectives are to eliminate the financial restrictions surrounding music education. 




			Popular on Variety		






	Additional funds raised through the Campaign For Music Education will go towards the museum’s education and community programs such as Grammy Camp, Grammy In The Schools and the Quinn Coleman Scholarship Fund. The Campaign For Music Education is co-chaired by Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Bruno Mars, Shawn Mendes, and Rosalía, among others.

	As a result of the Campaign For Music Education, the Museum will unveil Sonic Playground, a new hands-on permanent exhibit opening next month. Featuring 17 music-making interactives, Sonic Playground is designed for visitors of all ages, regardless of their skills or knowledge, to be playful and creative through music. 

	The museum has hosted special exhibits on the careers of superstars from Shakira to BTS, Amy Winehouse, Katy Perry and more. It is currently showing exhibits on Luther Vandross, photographer Jay Blakesberg and more.
The Business of Entertainment