Some Strictly Come Dancing fans have been left making the same observation as Dianne Buswell shared a wedding video of herself and Joe Sugg - but it wasn't as it seemed.
Fans of the Australian dancer will know she has been in a relationship with the YouTube star after they first met on the BBC One dance show back in 2018. The pair were partnered during the series and came runners up in the competition behind Stacey Dooley and Kevin Clifton, who also became a couple after the series wrapped and have since welcomed their first child together.
But back to Dianne and Joe and the 34-year-old professional dancer took to social media over the weekend shared a photo of herself posing in a swimming pool that she previously shared during a recent spa break with Joe, 32.
READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson on why she tells Gorka Marquez 'shop's shut' after second baby and reveals recent holiday with Strictly co-stars
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
However, it actually turned out to be a video that transitioned to reveal a new picture of the pair seemingly enjoying a happy wedding day. But it wasn't what it seemed as it turned out to be an AI-generated snap showing what Dianne and Joe would look like if they'd tied the knot if another era.
Rather than her trademark red hair, Dianne is seen sporting more brunette-blonde locks with a lace bow headband across her head. Meanwhile, Joe had plenty of brown hair as he rocked a black suit and cream tie.
Sharing the video to Instagram, a message read: "Wait for it," alongside a number of crying laughing emojis. She then added in the caption: "This really tickled me!" alongside the Bruno Mars track 'Marry You'.
But the clip did have fans doing a double-take as they enjoyed the 80s vibe depicted, with some saying that the couple looked very much like Scott and Charlene in Neighbours, which were famously played by Jason Donovan and Kylie Minogue.
@emiliedebruijn asked: "Anyone else getting Scott and Charlene vibes?" @helen_daisy82 replied: "I was going to say the exact same thing." @beckalou90 also said: "Yes! I thought exactly the same thing before I opened the comments." @duffydawn wrote: "That was my first thought when I saw this!"
@stuartglovercreative also posted: "Kylie & Jason." @littlepudmum typed: "Absolute Scott and Charlene scenes here!" @listerswife91 commented: "Scott and Charlane!" @jadeeeee14x added: "Looks like a classic episode of neighbours."
Others, however, were left wondering if they had actually tied the knot or if a proposal had taken place, or if Dianne was just dropping some hints to her beau.
@ktcuckoo70 said: "What a tease!!! I actually thought u had then!!!!! Do it! Do it!! Do it!!!" @refresh_integrative_wellbeing commented: "Really thought you'd got married & was about to say congratulations!!!" @claudialucia44 asked: "Is this a proposal @diannebuswell?" @andielcfcsutton questioned: "Is that a not so subtle hint @diannebuswell?!"
@becksie._boo replied: "Thought you had got married for a minute!" @robynlatterx shared: "Everyone is praying this will be a real life picture in a few years." @a.little.life.thats.mine added: "Oh please marry and look just like that!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.