Brits hoping for a chance to win big money have been encouraged to enter this week’s EuroMillions draw, with an estimated £133 million jackpot up for grabs.
Should anyone match the lucky numbers they would become the the National Lottery’s seventh biggest* winner of all time and the 19th UK winner of a prize over £100million. It would also be the fourth UK jackpot win so far in 2024. Earlier this year, an anonymous ticket-holder scooped the £24 million jackpot prize in the draw on July 26
Three weeks before that, another anonymous UK player won the £33M jackpot prize in the draw on July 5. Tomorrow’s jackpot however is a long way short of the biggest UK EuroMillions winner when an anonymous ticket-holder won an incredible £195,707,000 in July 2022.
Andy Carter, senior winners’ advisor at the National Lottery, said; “What an exciting time for EuroMillions players, who will have the chance to bank this fantastic £133M jackpot. It’s still a little early for me, but what a Christmas you could start to plan with a jackpot like this in the bag in October.
“Our team is ready and waiting with champagne on ice to potentially greet this lucky winner and support them throughout this life-changing journey. Be sure to grab your ticket early to be in with a chance of winning.”
Earlier this year Richard and Debbie Nuttall, both 54, from Colne in Lancashire, shared the £123M jackpot prize in the draw on Tuesday 30 January. They originally believed they had won £2.60, and continued going about their day until they eventually realised they'd landed the life-changing amount of more than £60 million.
Richard said: "It was the second day of our holiday and I had got up early to finish off a bit of work. I noticed the email from The National Lottery stating that there was ‘exciting news about your ticket’.
“So I checked my National Lottery account and saw the balance had gone up and we’d won £2.60. Fair enough. I shut my laptop, had breakfast and then we set off for the day, driving around the island. We enjoyed the sea views, blue skies and windsurfers before heading back.
“It was early afternoon when we spotted another email saying we should check our account. I thought it was odd and there must be a glitch in the system to get a duplicate email but I logged in again to my National Lottery account to check. We were totally stunned, it said we had won over £61 million.”
Tomorrow’s jackpot would instantly make a single UK winner richer than some of the biggest names in the UK Top 40 right now such as Dua Lipa, who is worth an estimated £90 million, Billie Eilish, (£37 million) and Sabrina Carpenter (£9 million). They would also have more than even be worth a couple of million pounds more than music icon Bruno Mars, who is worth an estimated £131 million.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.