Everything that Rocks the River City
Indiana graphic designer, musician, and underground music archivist, Aaron Tanner is one of many bringing to life a reimagined cover of The Residents' "Mahogany Wood" to be released as a limited-run, 10-inch vinyl pressing.
Tanner has done artwork for a number of notable underground artists including Ween and the Pixies. Through his publishing company, Melodic Virtue, he has released coffee table books based on the works of the Butthole Surfers, The Residents, Ministry, and more.
This is not Tanner's first time contributing to the cover of a song from The Residents. After the release of the coffee table book, The Residents: A Sight for Sore Eyes Vol. 1, by Melodic Virtue he partnered with Rob Crow of Pinback, and several other talents including Zach Hill of Death Grips, Sam Coomes of Quasi, Mike Morasky of Steel Pole Bath Tub and Ego Plum.
In celebration of the release of the follow-up, The Residents: A Sight for Sore Eyes Vol. 2, which is "a fully authorized visual history of that era, with rare and unseen photos, artwork, and other ephemera." The new book is available now for purchase through the Melodic Virtue website and will also come with a black vinyl 7-inch record of the unreleased American Composer Series-era track from The Residents, "That'll Be the Day (Baby Baby).”
In celebration of the release of Vol. 2, Tanner has partnered once again with Rob Crow for another Residents' cover. In addition to Rob, Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran, Roy Mayorga of Ministry, Neil Burke from Men's Recovery Project, and producer and composer, Dren McDonald partnered on the project.
Each contributor recorded their contribution to their Star Stunted II "Mahogany Wood" with no knowledge of what the other musicians had created for their parts of the project, according to Tanner. The result: a hauntingly, cacophonous melody that beautifully blends each artist's contribution to the project.
The 10-inch vinyl record, which is being released as a limited run of only 500 pressings, also features a mix by Grammy Award-winning producer and engineer, Joshua Blair who's known for his work with artists like Paul McCartney and Bruno Mars. Star Stunted II "Mahogany Wood" will be released on March 8, 2024, and is available now for pre-order at Melodic Virtue.
Gallery Credit: Lauryn Schaffner