A family in Belgium claims to have a large collection of unreleased Marvin Gaye songs. 
It has been four decades since Marvin Gaye’s tragic death, but the legendary R&B singer’s work has stood the test of time.
And it appears there is a lot more where that came from.
Confused?
Well, it’s not everyday that the world finds out an artist has possibly as many as 66 — yes, 66 — unreleased songs waiting to be released into the world.
How can that be?
Well, according to a BBC story, Gaye left a “collection of stage costumes, notebooks, and audio tapes with Charles Dumolin, a Belgian musician who he stayed with in the early 1980s.
Dumolin died in 2019, but a lawyer for his family, Alex Trappeniers, said they still belong to the family under Belgium law. The law, however, doesn’t apply to intellectual property so there is a hang-up because while the family can own what Gaye left, they would not have permission to release the songs without cooperation from Gaye’s estate.
And it sounds like one heckuva haul when it comes to what could be there.
“We can open a time capsule here and share the music of Marvin with the world,” Trappeniers told the BBC. “It’s very clear. He’s very present.”
Trappeniers said he cataloged the collection.
“Each time a new instrumental started when Marvin started singing, I gave it a number,” he said. “At the end, when I had listened to all 30 tapes, I had 66 demos of new songs.”
He also claimed that several of the songs are complete and “as good as ‘Sexual Healing.’”
FOX News Digital said it reached out to Gaye’s estate, but did not receive a response.
Trappeniers said he hopes a compromise between the family and Gaye’s estate could lead to the music being released.
“I think we both benefit, the family of Marvin and the collection in the hands of (Dumolin’s family),” he said. “If we put our hands together and find the right people in the world, the Mark Ronsons or the Bruno Mars … I’m not here to make suggestions but to say OK, let’s listen to this and let’s make the next album.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices