As The Masked Singer continues on ITV1 and many viewers are still trying to guess which celebrities are behind the crazy costumes. Fans think they have cracked the identity of Piranha after one obscure clue.
Performing Treasure by Bruno Mars, many fans believe that Piranha is Danny Jones, from the band McFly. One very random clue has led viewers to this conclusion. In their pre-recorded tape shown before they performed, to help audiences learn more about the character, pine cones were shown as a clue. Many fans believe this points to Danny as McFly worked with actor Chris Pine in Just My Luck.
READ MORE: Shirley Ballas shows sneak peek of behind the scenes on The Masked Singer
READ NEXT: The Masked Singer UK fans 'definitely' know that Dippy Egg is a soap star after Strictly clue
One said: "Danny from McFly. In a film Just My Luck with Chris Pine #MaskedSingerUK #piranha" and another added: "The pine cones for McFly working with Chris Pine on Just My Luck would be such a wide-stretched clue though #MaskedSinger". A third said: "I can't believe people are even still disputing if Piranha is Danny Jones or not. McFly guest starred in Just My Luck with Chris Pine, and in Casualty in 2005, and he fell over on the London Eye. Pls just take our word for it. This is what we do x #MaskedSingerUK."
And: "Surely the pine cone clue relates to Danny being in Just My Luck with Chris Pine? #MaskedSingerUK". A fifth said: "Chris Pine (cones) was in Just My Luck, which McFly did a song for. Piranha has to be Danny Jones. #MaskedSingerUK".
Aside from the pine cone clue many guessed it was Danny as they recognised his voice. Other fan guesses for Piranha have included Keith Duffy and Matt Cardle.
You can keep up to date with the latest TV and showbiz news by signing up to the newsletter here. Want less ads? Download WalesOnline’s Premium app on Apple or Android.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.