ByJeff Benjamin
ByJeff Benjamin,
 Senior Contributor. 
ROSÉ performs "APT." live with Bruno Mars at the 2024 MAMA AWARDS (Chapter 1) in Japan on November ... More 22, 2024.
With an array of releases that captivated fans and critics alike, K-pop continued to impact the global music landscape in 2024. From RM’s introspective solo work to Rosé’s global-pop collaboration, plus ILLIT’s dazzling debut and aespa’s cosmic anthem, this year’s most acclaimed releases reflected the genre’s global diversity and boundary-pushing artistry.
After analyzing the rankings and data across 26 different year-end lists and rankings featuring K-pop releases, here’s a deep dive into 2024’s most acclaimed albums and songs as measured by their presence on international year-end lists and rankings to close the year.
BLACKPINK’s Rosé teamed up with Bruno Mars for “APT.” a genre-defying pop-punk-soul anthem that garnered global acclaim and became a cultural phenomenon with its playful drinking-game theme and lyrics. From the year-end rankings and lists examined, “APT.” appeared on 13 year-end lists and was the best-performing K-pop song on seven of them.
“APT.” was also recognized by Stereogum, Paste Magazine, India Today and more.
RM’s Right Place, Wrong Person emerged as the most celebrated K-pop album of the year. The BTS leader’s sophomore solo effort gained traction for its emotional depth, sophisticated production, and range of genre-defying collaborators. RPWP appeared in four year-end lists and ranked highest among all K-pop releases in all four.
Girl group ILLIT made a major debut with a hypnotic track that resonated with critics and fans to make them true rookies to watch. The track entered 11 different year-end lists.
The ambitious, 24-member girl group tripleS delivered ASSEMBLE24, an album that defied expectations with its experimental production and how the members share the spotlight. The LP bowed across three different year-end lists.
With its explosive production and celestial themes, aespa’s “Supernova” captivated critics by consistently ranking high across year-end lists. In the six ranked lists that it appears, “Supernova” almost always ranked highest—and many times at No. 1—among all the other K-pop entries.
Despite a comparatively quieter year for new music, NewJeans balanced dual releases in K-pop and J-pop with exceptional critical acclaim. The two songs appear across seven different lists with both standing out among Korean pop acts.
The chart-topping boy band dominated 2024 with their two singles, “Work” and “Ice on My Teeth,” which appear across five different critics lists.
While RM and tripleS dominated the critical conversation, several other releases broke out this year in multiple year-end lists:
Beyond “APT,” “Magnetic” and How Sweet,” other standout releases include: