ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Blackpink singer Rosé matches the historic peak her bandmate Jennie reached on Billboard's Pop ... More Airplay chart as "Apt." with Bruno Mars continues to climb.   NEWARK, NEW JERSEY - AUGUST 28: Rosé of Blackpink attends the 2022 MTV Video Music Awards at Prudential Center on August 28, 2022 in Newark, New Jersey. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
Rosé’s new solo single “Apt.” has been living on the Pop Airplay chart for five weeks. The tune quickly debuted on Billboard’s list of the tracks that are heard by the largest audience across the country via top 40 pop stations, as it hit that tally at the same time that it reached most other rosters it still appears on.
Since it launched, “Apt.” has continued to climb on the Pop Airplay tally every week. Rosé, joined by pop superstar Bruno Mars, continues to ascend the especially competitive roster, and as it lifts once more, the single helps the woman behind the global smash make history in one more fashion.
“Apt.” pushes to a new all-time peak of No. 18 this time around. It dances its way from No. 20 to hit a position that bears a very special meaning for the K-pop icon.
As her single continues its ascent, Rosé makes history by matching the all-time record for the highest position reached by a South Korean solo female musician. Rosé was born in New Zealand, but her music career took off in the Asian nation, and it’s where she’s both most famous and where she currently lives.
Before “Apt.,” just one tune by a solo female artist from South Korea rose as high as No. 18 on the Pop Airplay chart. Rosé’s Blackpink bandmate Jennie lifted to that peak less than a year ago. She was credited on her own alongside The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp on the tune “One of the Girls,” which was connected to the TV show she co-starred in alongside her fellow musicians, The Idol.
Looking at all solo South Korean stars, Rosé–and Jennie–are no longer in first place, though they still maintain a lofty placement on the all-time ranking of the biggest hits on the Pop Airplay chart. Only Psy and BTS singer Jung Kook have reached higher. The former artist has done so with just one tune, while the latter has scored quite a few smashes.
Four songs rank ahead of both “Apt.” and “One of the Girls” on the list of the highest-rising tracks by soloists from South Korea. Psy’s “Gangnam Style” holds as the only top 10 win, as that breakout cut peaked at No. 10. Jung Kook fills all the other positions, as he has seen singles stall at Nos. 11 (“Left and Right” with Charlie Puth), 15 (“Too Much” with The Kid Laroi and Central Cee), and 17 (“Seven” with Latto).
In just a few days, when Billboard refreshes its rankings again, there’s a good chance that Rosé will pass Jennie. Her song has been bolting higher and higher every frame, and it’s still performing incredibly well when it comes to other important metrics of consumption, such as sales and streams, and there’s no reason to believe its moment in the spotlight is over just yet.