Paige Turley is a loveable Scotswoman who is not afraid to speak her mind.
Turley, 26, has been in the public eye ever since she won Love Island in 2020 after 44 days in the villa in South Africa. She won alongside rugby player Finley Tapp and the pair had been going strong until the pair decided to call time on their relationship in 2023.
But many people do not know Paige beyond her time in the villa, and as it turns out - she is a lot more than just her reality TV past. Throughout her life, Turley has been rubbing noses with the stars as she brushes with fame on a daily basis, before launching into her EDM music career.
READ MORE: Love Island's Paige Turley admits heartbreaking reason behind Finley Tapp split
READ MORE: Join the Daily Star Soaps WhatsApp for all the latest spoilers and exclusives
So, as Paige gears up for another new TV project, Daily Star looks back at Paige Turley's life.
Paige first became known to millions when she walked into the villa for the first ever winter edition of ITV's dating titan Love Island. Initially meant to be the first of two seasons that year, the winter edition proved to be only series as the COVID-19 pandemic soon put a stop to things.
During her time in the villa, Paige did more than impress her both her fellow Islanders and the viewing public, after she gave a rousing rendition of Robin S.' "Show Me Love". But it was not just heer talents we fell in love with - after she was left single due to then partner Ollie choosing to leave the show, it opened the door for Finley to join as a bombshell.
The pair hit it off straight away and immediately became very close to each other, going on to win the show and earn a cool £50k. After leaving the show, the pair had looked the long-term, including weddings and spending their futures together - that was until the pair decided to call it quits.
Speaking on Paige's phenomenal voice, it had also landed her on another well-known show far from Love Island, Britain's Got Talent. Aged just 14 in 2012, Turley took on "Skinny Love", a track popularised by Birdy in 2011, and had the crowd on their feet for her performance.
The judges were blown away by the power of her voice, with Alesha Dixon branding her "adorable" with a "different and refreshing song choice". She was lucky enough to get enough support from the judges to get put through to the semi-finals, where she then sang It Will Rain by Bruno Mars.
However, this time round the judges were less impressed, with Dixon and Amanda Holden describing her performance as "slightly underwhelming". Simon and David, on the other hand, were less critical and praised her for her vocal capabilities; however, the strength was not enough to get Paige to the final.
Three years before she appeared on Love Island, Paige was already happily in a relationship before things soon turned sour. Her former partner, however, was none other than Scottish crooner Lewis Capaldi.
The pair dated whilst they went to college together at North Lanarkshire College, and eventually called time on the relationship when they were aged 20 in 2018. Speaking during a radio interview in New Zealand, Capaldi said on Paige going into Love Island that he wanted a cut of the £50k should she win.
"I’ve known her for years, we were 18 when we first met, 19 when we first started going out and 20 when we finished going out," Lewis recalled. "It was fairly amicable, the split, but she never told me she was going on the show."
However, despite the pair ending on amicable terms, Lewis still gave Paige his backing and vowed to watch the show to support her. He added that he hoped that she would come out on top by the end of the competition.
For more of the latest showbiz and TV news from the Daily Star, make sure you sign up for one of our newsletters here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.