By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.			
Subscribe now and get up to 61% off the cover price.
Includes digital magazine access and the exclusive Robb Report tote bag.
Sign up for our newsletter and go inside a world of luxury.
 By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
		We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	After a little more than four years of ownership, songwriter and record producer Philip Lawrence has decided to part ways with his glammed-up Los Angeles mansion in the affluent Royal Oaks community of Encino. The eight-time Grammy winner—probably best known for his hit-making association with Bruno Mars—is asking just under $11.6 million for the opulent neo-Palladian spread, which he and his celebrity stylist/fashion designer wife Urbana Chappa acquired  from retired MLB star Jimmy Rollins for around a million dollars less back in late 2019.

	










Related Stories




						This $11.6 Million Marin County Home Sits Right on San Francisco Bay					




						This $75 Million Penthouse Has the Largest Private Outdoor Pool in New York City					




						An $8.5 Million SoCal Home by Famed Architect Paul R. Williams Comes With a Hollywood Pedigree					






	During their tenure, though, the couple did undertake a full-scale bespoke tailoring of the premises to suit their needs. The result? A sprawling main house boasting glitzy amenities ranging from a tiered movie theater and mirrored gym to a Moroccan-inspired spa room, plus a detached two-story guesthouse with its own beauty salon—for a total of seven bedrooms and 11 bathrooms spread across nearly 15,000 square feet of ornately decorated living space.

	Built new in 2017 by a local developer, and sprawled across just under three-quarters of an acre, the two-story structure greets with two sets of gates and a circular motorcourt bolstered by a large water feature. Glassy double entry doors open into a soaring marble-clad entry foyer adorned with matching bridal staircases resting beneath a domed stained-glass skylight, formal living and dining rooms, as well as a spacious great room with black-and-white checkered floors and glass doors leading outside that holds a family room, casual dining area, and gourmet kitchen outfitted with dual islands, top-notch appliances and a butler’s pantry.



	Elsewhere is an office and a glam room, along with a sumptuous master retreat spotlighted by a fireside sitting area, private balcony, trio of custom-designed walk-in closets and duo of luxe bathrooms; and the bells and whistles continue outdoors, where the resort-like backyard hosts a pool and spa resting beside an elaborate open-air kitchen equipped with a pizza oven. There’s also a built-in barbecue station, sunken fire-pit, putting green, basketball court and two garages with room for four vehicles.

	For more than a decade, Lawrence has been busy establishing himself as one of popular music’s most reliable and successful hit-makers. Though best-known for his work with Bruno Mars and the now-defunct songwriting team The Smeezingtons (Just the Way You Are, Billionaire, Locked Out of Heaven, 24k Magic, Uptown Funk), he also has a large array of other songwriting credits to his name, including Adele’s All I Ask, Flo Rida’s No. 1 smash Right Round and CeeLo Green’s F*** You.

	










	In addition to his for-sale Encino mansion, which is listed by Steve Frankel and Bob Semanovich of Coldwell Banker Realty, Lawrence and his wife sold a New York City penthouse in Lincoln Square earlier this month for a speck under $7 million, or around $600,000 less than they paid for the place back in 2019.

Click here for more photos of Philip Lawrence’s Encino mansion.
Wendy Bowman is a real estate writer at Robb Report. Before that, she was a freelancer for Modern Luxury and several other media outlets, where she primarily covered luxury properties for…
Meet the Wine Club That Thinks Differently.
Receive editor-curated reds from boutique California producers four times a year.