In May 2019, Jenée Walker started a list of attributes on her phone’s Notes app.
Loving, Consistent, Considerate...
After a breakup, she was in the midst of “big emotions.” She knew she was ready to settle down, so Jenée, a planner by profession, compiled traits she wanted in her next romantic partner. The list continued.
Respectful, Able to compromise...
She continued to tweak the list into the summer of 2020, removing items she eventually deemed “superficial,” paring her requirements down to a few firm green flags. Then, she turned the list on herself.
“I started looking at the list and asking [myself], ‘How much of this can you give to someone else?’” Jenée, now 34, says. “I started working on the things I felt like I could do better if I wanted them from someone else.”
Advertisement
With her new outlook, she swiped “yes” to Kerry Casting.
They had met before — a few times.
In 2014, both worked for Hertz rental car branches (Jenée in Woburn, Kerry in Burlington) and were introduced during a vehicle swap. Today, they agree the brief meeting was friendly but purely professional. In the following years, they had run into each other at nightclubs in Boston and even matched on dating apps, exchanging quick hellos, but never more.
But when they matched on Hinge in August 2020, Jenée tried a new approach: “Do you just say ‘hi’ because we know each other, or are you trying to take me on a date?”
Their first date was Sept. 3, 2020, at Bertucci’s in West Roxbury. Going from familiar strangers to potential partners was admittedly awkward, remembers Kerry, now 34. Still, despite the sometimes stiff small talk, Kerry asked Jenée for a second date before the night was over.
Advertisement
He asked again after their second date at McGolf driving range in Dedham.  On their third — to the ICA Boston followed by dinner at Scorpion Bar — he invited her out for a fourth..
For Jenée, the in-person formality “was the strangest thing I had ever experienced.”
“But there was no reason for me to say no,” she says, “I was trying to look for something different, so I kept saying yes.”
To Kerry, it was simple: “I just wanted to see her,” he remembers. “I just wanted to have more dates and get to know each other more.”
Jenée says her list of priorities helped her focus on Kerry’s “substance,” fulfilling what her single self had asked for.
“After a few dates, I kept thinking, ‘Oh my, he checks this off. He checks that off,’” she says.
Soon, Kerry’s requests were unspoken and Jenée’s “yeses” were implied. Their dates remained low-key and casual, but conversation began to feel more fluid — their time together extending to shared holidays and celebrations.
They continued to surprise each other. When it was Kerry’s birthday that November, Jenée brought him to dinner at Atlantic Fish Co. in Boston.
“Kerry’s very frugal, extremely frugal,” says Jenée. “He couldn’t believe that I had arranged and scheduled it — like, took him there, paid for dinner.”
And there was another factor: “I learned that she didn’t like seafood at all, which was kind of hard to adjust to,” Kerry says with a laugh. “That, I’m still kind of adjusting to.”
Advertisement
In January 2021, Jenée remembers Kerry’s impassioned speech when she asked whether they were in an exclusive relationship. He urged her to ask for what she wanted, to expect more. Plus, “he said, ‘I thought we already were in a relationship,’” she remembers.
That September, they traveled to Phoenix, Ariz., where they woke before sunrise to sail the sky in a hot air balloon — despite Kerry’s fear of heights. After they landed, they exchanged I love yous over breakfast in the Sonoran Desert.
“That was the time when I felt like it was the next level of our relationship,” Kerry says, “where we’re past [the point of] dating. We’re trying to see a future in each other.”
There was a second list — one focused on milestones for growth and building a shared life, like meeting respective families and achieving career stability and satisfaction. Jenée wrote the list and showed it to Kerry. They agreed to approach the goals together.
For his birthday, Jenée surprised Kerry with tickets to see the Cincinnati Bengals play the New England Patriots in Foxboro on Christmas Eve. Just before the 1 p.m. kickoff, the temperatures at Gillette Stadium hovered in the high teens.
“We were there over three hours,” says Kerry, who is a Bengals fan and remembers the day as windy and “brutal.”
“It was probably the best gift she’s ever given me,” he says. “It wasn’t something where I had implied that I wanted to go, but she knew that I would love to go to the game and she made that happen.”
That was the moment he began his plan to propose.
Advertisement
On March 25, 2023, the couple spent their weekly date night at Lifted at the Omni Boston Hotel in the Seaport. “It was like any other date night,” says Jenée. “We laugh, we talk about whatever, we eat, we drink, then, we went home.”
Once back at Jenée’s Quincy apartment, they watched TV before Kerry, feeling an attack of nerves, said he had to go back to his place in Brookline to pick something up. Moments later, he came back, asking to stay the night. When she agreed, he left again, saying he had to retrieve his bag from the car.
Jenée remembers being baffled by his behavior: “It never dawned on me that he wanted to propose.”
But, he did, and when he presented the ring he’d bought in Newton earlier that month, her answer was “yes.”
They checked “marriage” off their list on Aug. 22, 2024, at the Lakehouse in Halifax with 105 of their family and friends. The indoor-outdoor venue sits on a strip of land between West and East Lakes in Plymouth County.
They wrote their own vows; Kerry centered his on his commitment to the future. “We’re beginning this process together,” he remembers, “I wanted her to know that I want it to last forever.” Their first dance was to “Die with a Smile” by Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars.
As for the list? There was still something left on it: buying their first home.
The pair, who currently live in Braintree, are in the process of closing on a new house in Roslindale. It’s “15 minutes from Kerry’s childhood home in Brookline,” Jenée wrote in an update email this month. “His parents are very happy.”
Advertisement
Rachel Kim Raczka is a writer and editor in Boston. She can be reached at rachel.raczka@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information