For all of our astrology lovers, The Echo is diving into how the stars align each week. 
The lunar eclipse is here to bring change and excitement during your transition this week from March to April. See what the skies have in store for you and enjoy some moon-themed music in honor of the eclipse.
It's time to take action in your relationships, Aries! The lunar eclipse shines into your seventh house, creating an optimal time for you to forge strong partnerships. But don't just sit there thinking the moon will do the work for you — pick up your phone and reach out. If you're on the apps, swipe with intention because, with the full moon in Libra, this might lead to something real.
This week isn't just about romantic relationships, either. Think about the other partnerships you would like to strengthen. Make an effort to form and reinforce meaningful professional relationships and friendships this week. Tell that one person who carried the group project that they're awesome. Ask your work bestie out for coffee.
Lunar eclipse song: “Sun and Moon” by Anees
This week may require adjustments, so get ready. Be prepared for the lunar eclipse in Libra to impact work. Be open to new job opportunities and flexible with your schedule.
The sun moving into Aries has the potential to elicit emotions, so don't be alarmed if you and your Taurus friends cry in a study room. Confront those feelings head-on, and afterward, remember to give yourself time to recharge. A little self-care can go a long way.
Lunar eclipse song: “Moon Song” by Phoebe Bridgers
If you've been working toward a goal, this might be the week your hard work and patience pay off! The Libra full moon supercharges your creative powers, and people will notice. What's the big creative risk that is going to put your project over the edge?
For artistic Gemini, this week should be about self-promotion. It's time to let your friends hear the song you've been working on, put your portfolio out there or share the poem you've been crafting in your Notes app.
Lunar eclipse song: “Dancing in the Moonlight” by King Harvest
The sun in Aries will have career goals on your mind, Cancer — wait, maybe that's just the impending doom of a pile of summer internship applications. Either way, focus on taking the steps or leaps necessary to attain your dream job. If you want out of the same summer job you've worked since you were 15, it's time to make a game plan.
The lunar eclipse may also compel you to connect with your loved ones this week. Make time for your close relatives, or whoever you call family, and give a call to someone who lives far away. 
Lunar eclipse song:  “Talking to the Moon” by Bruno Mars
You may consider eclipses as a covering-up, but get ready because Monday's lunar eclipse is going to do a whole lot of illuminating. This week, be prepared for surprises, as you may discover who people really are and uncover secret motives.
But don't worry — good things could also be revealed. The answer to questions you've been asking yourself all March is coming your way. It's a great week to get writing done, as the cosmos reveals all the words you've been looking for. Use this time to conquer writing projects big and small, from the emails you need to get out to the paper you should have started tackling last weekend.
Lunar eclipse song: “Moonlight Sonata” by Ludwig van Beethoven
This week, take a look at your life, Virgo. It's a week of introspection, so whether that means journaling, meditating or staring at the wall in your bedroom, you should use your free time to work through your thoughts and figure things out.
The lunar eclipse in Libra might light up new opportunities. Consider what skills, talents and passions define who you are. Now is the perfect time to get to work and start that awesome project you've been dreaming up. 
Lunar eclipse song: “Sisters of the Moon” by Fleetwood Mac
This week marks the only full moon in your sign, and it's an eclipse! You'll be experiencing turning points left and right, so brace yourself because life might get a little dizzying. 
The eclipse might bring to light your accomplishments, even ones you've been downplaying. Give yourself more credit for all you've done this year. Text your mom and tell her how well you did on that super difficult test. Share the recent shoutout you got with your friends!
Lunar eclipse song: “Fly Me to the Moon (In Other Words)” by Frank Sinatra and Count Basie
You know it's time to get it together, Scorpio. No more being a hot mess — as the sun moves into Aries, this is your week! Organize your calendar, clean your room and clear that to-do list. You don't have to be a social butterfly this week; take the time for yourself.
It's also an excellent time to take care of yourself physically and mentally. Take a fun workout class or get a haircut. Clear your mind with meditation and mindfulness. 
Lunar eclipse song: “Orange Moon” by Erykah Badu
The Libra full moon is in your eleventh house, highlighting the friendships and community in your life. Remember to acknowledge those who contributed to your success through March and beyond. Thank the key players in your study group, and cheer on your roommates who have supported you all semester. 
Watch your temper at the beginning of the week. A sneaky semi-square movement between Pluto and Venus may inhibit you from communicating with compassion. 
Lunar eclipse song: “Walking On The Moon” by The Police
This week will bring nostalgia into your relationships, and you may rekindle relationships with old friends. The sun in Aries will bring around the people who mean the most to you, be it friends or family.
You may find yourself dealing with things around the house this week or hanging out with the people who truly define home for you. Make good memories and savor the time you spend together. Look back on old photos and laugh at the backtrack of music from the past.
Lunar eclipse song: “Neon Moon” by Brooks & Dunn
It's a busy week, Aquarius! Prepare to run around meeting friends, making calls and being extra productive! As the sun moves into Aries, use amplified communication skills to keep things on track. 
This week, your values might be on your mind. Consider exploring new beliefs and perspectives. Maybe this week is the right time to dive into the spirituality podcast your friend sent you, or maybe not. You're already reading your horoscope, after all.
Lunar eclipse song: “Judy You Hung the Moon” by HARBOUR
The full moon lunar eclipse is bringing romance, romance and more romance by shining on your eighth house. Whether you're in a relationship, getting into a relationship, hopelessly swiping or couldn't care less about finding that special someone, your week might heat up.
Be cautious this week, though — the semi-square between Pluto and Venus might affect your feelings, bringing out old emotions. 
Lunar eclipse song: “The Killing Moon” by Echo & the Bunnymen
Edited by Sadie Buggle, Walker Smith and Caera Learmonth.
Editor’s Note: The dates for the star signs are from Ten Thousand Villages.
Reach the reporter at spbracci@asu.edu and follow @SophiaBraccio on X. 
Like The State Press on Facebook and follow @statepress on X.
Sophia is a junior studying journalism and mass communication. This is her fourth semester with The State Press. She has also worked at Nomads with Notebooks and Blaze Radio and interned for The Arizona Republic. 
This website uses cookies to make your experience better and easier. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.