ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Guns And Roses (Duff McCagan, Slash, Axl Rose, Izzy Stradlin, Steven Adler) at the UIC Pavillion  in ... More Chicago, Illinois,  August 21, 1987. Guns N’ Roses’ Greatest Hits compilation is now one of just eight albums to spend 700 weeks on the Billboard 200, as of this frame. (Photo by Paul Natkin/Getty Images)
Guns N’ Roses changed the look and sound of rock forever in the ‘80s. With their slew of huge hits and massively successful albums, the band amassed an enormous following, and though they don’t hold the same place in the industry as they did decades ago, their music is still being streamed and purchased in large enough numbers that the musicians make history on the Billboard charts this week.
The band’s Greatest Hits set has now lived on the Billboard 200 for 700 weeks. That’s one of the longest runs of all time on Billboard’s ranking of the most-consumed albums in the U.S., and that’s a number that very, very few titles have even approached.
Guns N’ Roses’ compilation is one of only eight releases in American history to spend 700 weeks on the Billboard 200. The band is in truly incredible company... and in an amazing bit of coincidence, they’re not the only musical act that hits that figure this time around.
As Guns N’ Roses’ singles collection makes it to 700 weeks on the ranking, Bruno Mars manages the same feat. His first album Doo-Wops & Hooligans hits the same landmark at the same time, which likely marks a first in the history of the Billboard 200.
In the past tracking week, Guns N’ Roses’ Greatest Hits moved another 9,000 equivalent units, according to Luminate. Almost 1,000 of those were actual sales, which is a very healthy number for a project that’s already been generating millions of sales and what could be billions of streams for years.
The band’s Greatest Hits once climbed to No. 3 on the Billboard 200, and it is one of Guns N’ Roses’ seven top 10 wins on that tally. The set was released just over 20 years ago, in 2004, and it’s remained on the chart more often than not since then.
As it becomes one of fewer than 10 titles to spend 700 weeks (or more) on the Billboard 200, Guns N’ Roses’ Greatest Hits is also present on several other albums-focused rankings in America. The title slips on both the Top Rock & Alternative Albums (No. 32) and Top Rock Albums charts (No. 24) this week. It is a non-mover in sixth place on the Top Hard Rock Albums list as well.
Guns N’ Roses’ Greatest Hits joins all of the following albums in the Billboard 200’s 700-week club: Pink Floyd’s The Dark Side of the Moon, Bob Marley and the Wailers’ Legend, Journey’s Journey’s Greatest Hits, Metallica’s self-titled effort, Creedence Clearwater Revival’s Chronicle: The 20 Greatest Hits, Eminem’s Curtain Call: The Hits, and, of course, Mars’ Doo-Wops & Hooligans.