Strictly Come Dancing fans have said they 'don't understand' why Shayne Ward has previously found himself fighting for his place in the competition as he returned the ballroom.
The singer and actor was seen bouncing back on Saturday night (November 2) alongside professional dance partner Nancy Xu after they found themselves in the bottom two last weekend for the second time so far this series. It was the first-ever 'Icons Week' in the ballroom after the BBC introduced the new theme to mark the hit show's 20th anniversary after first bursting onto screens back in 2004.
It saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band with George Michael, Madonna, Taylor Swift and Bruno Mars among them. Shayne and Nancy were seen closing what was a rollercoaster of night for the remaining couples. They impressed as they scored 35 out of a possible 40 for their quickstep to a medley of The Beatles' biggest hits.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing spoiler leak branded 'truly shocking' as fans blast 'terrible' bottom-two
The pair were seen sporting mop-haired wig and Sergeant Pepper-style jackets during their performance which was described by judge Motsi Mabuse, who channelled her inner Tina Turner for the night, as “fast, rhythmical, entertaining”.
And as Strictly fans praised Shanye and Nancy's latest work, some were confused as to why they haven't always won over the public so far this series.
@_MillerTime said: "I don’t understand why people don’t like Shayne on strictly, he comes across as a nice guy, and his dancing is fab! There really are some horrible keyboard warriors eh?" @foxmwriter commented: "Given Shayne was coming off being in the dance-off, he did very well this week! Really enjoyed it, and FINALLY a dance that actually matched the song #Strictly." @AAngels05 added: "I really enjoyed that Quickstep that Shayne Ward just did! I feel like he’s redeemed himself and let his dancing talent do the talking. Loved it! #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing."
And Nancy also made a telling comment on social media about how things have been affecting her former Coronation Street star dance partner as she said: "I'm so proud of you @shaynetward , just to the smile back to your face!!!!! It's everything."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.