Taylor Swift danced to ‘Love Story’ with Travis Kelce, Bruno Mars performed at his new bar, and Blake Shelton took the stage at Ole Red
It was a notably over-the-top, celeb-studded weekend — even by Vegas standards. The nights surrounding Super Bowl LVIII at Allegiant Stadium were teeming with high-ticket events, even more glamorous private events, and parties with celebrities both in attendance and on stage.
After winning the Vince Lombardi Trophy in overtime, the Chiefs took to Zouk Nightclub at Resorts World for a party headlined by Post Malone, the Chainsmokers, and Ludacris. Travis Kelce, Taylor Swift, Ice Spice, Blake Lively, and Patrick Mahomes were some of the famous faces in attendance. Brittany Mahomes even got Malone out of his Dallas Cowboys jacket and into a Chiefs jacket — for one song, at least.
Later, the party moved to the Encore Beach Club at Wynn Las Vegas. There, Swift and Kelce danced to Swift’s “Love Story” together.  
THE QUALITY? TAYVIS DANCING TO LOVE STORY pic.twitter.com/q83Vp5wqnp
Bruno Mars’ Pinky Ring officially opens tonight, but Mars hosted a private party on Sunday and performed with his band, the Hooligans. Starting tonight, the Pinky Ring will be open Sunday through Thursday, from 5 p.m. to 2 a.m., and Friday and Saturday, 5 p.m. to 3 a.m. Reservations can be made online. 
A post shared by silksonic_fp ✨ (@silk_fp)
Blake Shelton made his first appearance inside his four-story honky tonk, Ole Red. The on-Strip country bar opened just a few weeks ago, and Shelton and Gwen Stefani christened it with a performance in which the two dueted on “Ole Red,” the song that inspired the club’s name. 
A post shared by Las Vegas (@vegas)
On Friday night, celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Brady, Travis Scott, Janelle Monae, Tobey Maguire, and Will.i.am packed into the Poodle Room at the Fontainebleau — the exclusive lifestyle and social club that is also home to the Ito omakase bar. Roc Nation Sports’s first-ever Super Bowl event debuted with Shawn “Jay-Z” Carter’s cognac, D’USSÉ. 
For $1,200, you too could have procured a ticket to the Taste of the NFL event on Saturday at the Keep Memory Alive Event Center in downtown Las Vegas. Celebrities of the culinary world like Andrew Zimmern and Carla Hall were in attendance, dishing small bites along with chefs from small Las Vegas businesses and big-name casino restaurants. NFL players including Michael Bankston, Willie Buchanon, Jarrod Bunch, and David Caldwell were in attendance for photos and meet-and-greets.  
Pro Football Hall of Fame Running Back Emmitt Smith hosted an exclusive gathering for the 88 Club at his soon-to-open restaurant, Emmitt’s Vegas, in the Fashion Show Mall on the Las Vegas Strip. He brought together notable current and former Dallas Cowboys who wore the number 88. Invitees included Michael Irvin, Dez Bryant, CeeDee Lamb, and honorary member Post Malone. 
Sign up for our newsletter.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.