The superstar teamed up with Bruno Mars for the romantic duet.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Lady Gaga took to Instagram on Thursday (Aug. 22) to celebrate the love she and Bruno Mars have received for their swoon-worthy new collaboration, “Die With a Smile.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Bruno Mars		
					






















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Watching fans from all over the world celebrate this music has meant so much to me, to see the words of the song touch your heart and the video provoke this huge wave of dancing and fun is beautiful to watch and I’m so grateful,” she wrote alongside a series of photos, in which Gaga is seen in her retro-style attire from the track’s accompanying music video. “Thank you thank you thank you for loving our song i love you for real and i hope the message of love we shared will continue to create special moments for you all in your lives—I know it does in mine every day. The power of music is big and your love of this song reminded me of that.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	See the post here.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Shortly after the project dropped last week, the Joker star and “Uptown Funk!” hitmaker gave “Die With a Smile” its live debut at Mars’ Thursday night (Aug. 15) concert at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles. For the show, he wore a cowboy hat, while Gaga again sported bee-hive hair akin to her look in the music video, maintaining the song’s retro feel.

	Following the drop, Gaga took to TikTok to share a video in which she’s seen singing along to her freshly released collab, rocking a bright blue eye makeup look as she sweetly cradles a tiny French Bulldog.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.