Her debut solo album ‘Rosie’ dropped last week
Rosé made her solo in-studio debut last night with a mash-up of ‘APT.’ and ‘Toxic Till The End’ on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon – watch her performance below.
The BLACKPINK star, who released her debut solo album ‘Rosie’ on December 6, performed the mash-up of singles from the LP last night (December 11) with accompaniment from a six-piece band.
She began the medley by taking over Fallon’s desk, singing ‘APT.’ with her feet propped up, before going into a rendition of ‘Toxic Till The End’ complete with falling confetti.
Also on Fallon, Rosé looked back on her first audition for BLACKPINK, explaining: “I walked in, I honestly thought it was a joke. I was like, ‘This is funny. There’s no way I’m going to get it at all.’ But my dad and I had flown all the way from Melbourne to Sydney for the audition, so I was like, ‘Well, might as well make some memories..’
“I did it and was like ‘bye’, then they called me, and I just remember thinking, ‘What is happening?!’”
It’s not the first time Rosé – real name Roseanne Park – has appeared on The Tonight Show. She sang ‘How You Like That‘ alongside her BLACKPINK bandmates in June 2020 and delivered a pre-taped performance of her debut solo single ‘On The Ground’ in March 2021 too, but this was her first live, in-person, solo appearance.
‘APT.’, a collaboration between Rosé and Bruno Mars, was released in October and has spent six weeks at Number One on the Billboard Global 200, hit Number One in South Korea, peaked at Number Eight on the Billboard Hot 100, and hit Number Two on the UK Singles Chart.
‘Rosie’, meanwhile, hit Number Two in South Korea in its first week of release, and has been well-received by critics. In a four-star review, NME said: “As a member of BLACKPINK, Rosé has long embodied an image of unshakeable strength, a carefully curated persona that left little room for fragility. But on ‘Rosie’, she sheds that armour, exposing her flaws with disarming openness.
“For an artist who has always been held at arm’s length by the public, ‘Rosie’ offers a rare and intimate invitation to understand Rosé as more than just a star — to see Rosie, the woman, searching for validation, love, and meaning.
“In doing so, Rosé’s debut becomes a quiet but powerful declaration of self, marking the start of a new chapter that’s refreshingly honest and authentically hers.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.