ByJeff Benjamin
ByJeff Benjamin, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Jeff Benjamin is a New York-based writer covering global pop music.
ByJeff Benjamin,
 Senior Contributor. 
HUI
Beginning the track with a yawn, there’s a bit of irony in the seemingly nonchalant opening seconds of HUI’s debut single “Hmm BOP.” But mere seconds later, the listener is catapulted into a realm of HUI’s intricate musical world of brass, bass and bopping to prove that this solo debut is anything but snoozy.
At 30 years old, HUI recognizes that his first full-fledged solo endeavor marks the chance to showcase the depth of his abilities. Having navigated the complex landscape of K-pop via six years of training and seven years as the leader and main vocalist of his boy band PENTAGON, the singer, songwriter and producer has become a stealthy, important tastemaker in the industry to extend his influence beyond the boundaries of his group. From shaping K-pop trends with PTG hits “Shine” and “Daisy” to contributing to modern classics like Wanna One’s “Energetic” and “Never” by Produce 101’s Sons of People, plus producing for artists in Japan and China, HUI’s ability to make universal, appealing music has reverberated across borders.
HUI’s very own debut single “Hmm BOP” serves as a testament to his versatility, a three-minute sonic journey that strategically packs every moment after the initial yawn. Blending the thumping funk-pop production with walking basslines, and cool brass, his multi-octave vocal range takes center stage to showcase an agility that ultimately defines the song’s most unique strength—and will likely stand as one of the best idol vocal performances of 2024. Even with the song’s unconventional structure, “Hmm BOP” is reminiscent of how Bruno Mars can seamlessly intertwine classic and modern-day inspirations for a multigenerational charm.
While “Hmm BOP” lets HUI rightfully soak up the solo spotlight, the other three tracks on his WHU IS ME : Complex EP point to his prowess in crafting compelling, genre-spanning tracks. His collaborations with rising R&B star Park Hyeon Jin on “MELO,” Cube Entertainment junior Jinhyuk on the edgy rock track “Cold Killer,” and PENTAGON bandmate and frequent collaborator Wooseok on “A Song From a Dream” all demonstrate HUI's knack for musical diversity.
While HUI may have weaved unexpectedly through his career at times (like announcing he’d handle his mandatory South Korean military service four years into his career amid the COVID-19 pandemic as well as competing in the popular singing competition show Boys Planet under his real name last year), WHU IS ME : Complex reminds listeners that HUI is a force all his own, with a collection that defies any expectations and honors his range of capabilities.
Read on for more from HUI about his solo debut, journey from an worried K-pop hopeful to in-demand producer and more creative and career reflections.
Jeff Benjamin: I feel like this solo moment has been a long time coming. How are you feeling about releasing your first album and what was the preparation process like?
HUI: While I’ve been really busy with my solo practice and activities, I’m very happy to have more time to spend with my [and PENTAGON’s] fandom, UNIVERSE. I’m really excited. When I was preparing for this album, I was thinking to myself, “What kind of music do I like? And what kind of songs suit me best?” I had a lot of worries. So, when I thought hard, I realized that at this moment, what I want to say the most to fans is that this is the color that suits me the best regardless of genre and melody.
Jeff Benjamin: The album title, WHU IS ME : Complex, somewhat speaks to that. Can you explain more about the meaning?
HUI: I thought I wouldn’t be able to explain myself in just one album, but I also felt that I don’t know myself or who I am exactly. So, I thought it would be nice if I could be honest about who I am in this album. So, I started with the question, “Who am I? Who is HUI?” and that’s how I ended up with WHU Is Me.
But also, I think the word “complex” is the first thing that comes to mind when someone tries to explain who HUI is. I wanted to express myself more honestly, so the word “complex” came into my mind. I have had struggles, but when I look back, it was my motivation to work harder and practice more. So, if you take “a complex” or think about “complex,” you could tell my more honest story.
Jeff Benjamin: What kind of struggles were you thinking back about? 
HUI: It’s just that I spent a lot of time as a trainee. When I was younger, I didn’t think I was an artist with a really outstanding talent or anything like that. I spent a lot of time in that [mindset], but I think I had a strong desire to be a better artist. I’d think, “Why can’t I be like that? What can I be?” That’s what I thought. Like the album name, it is complex, but I also want to say that I don’t feel that worrying complex anymore when I can show it through my own album.
Jeff Benjamin: Speaking of a trainee mindset, you gained much attention participating in Boys Planet. Can you share what that experience was like? Did any of it inspire this album?
HUI: I had a great time because it was super new and I had a chance to try out different stages I hadn’t done before. I don’t think it really inspired any music in this solo album, but I think the passion and effort I felt from my young friends and other trainees during the practice sessions made me go back to my original intention. I saw a lot of myself and what made me who I am today in them.
Jeff Benjamin: I really love the mix of genres and the impressive vocal performance on “Hmm BOP,” what are you showing the world by choosing this as your title track?
HUI: I wanted to show you guys a free-spirited side of me—I get to show a kitschy, bubbly, but also a bit rebellious type of persona. I wanted to show you guys the side of me that can have a good time, a more free HUI. That’s why I chose this as the title track: it’s me and shows who I am on stage.
Jeff Benjamin: What was the creative process of creating the song?
HUI: I had an idea for the title to make a song titled “Hmm BOP.” Actually, I made songs with the title of “Hmm BOP” a few times, but I’d always revise in the final process—in fact, I think I revised this song more than 10 times. I thought about the genre that would go best with the title. But even when I found the genre, I kept making changes—I had versions like “Final 1,” “Final 2,” “Final 3” and “Final 10.” That’s how much I thought about it to make it perfect.
Jeff Benjamin: The EP has features on the other three songs. How did you decide on your collaborators for them?
HUI: I made a lot of music with Wooseok while making this album. After making the fourth track, “A Song From a Dream,” I thought he would be perfect to feature, so I asked him. We have such a strong and positive energy. Wooseok is like my little brother and the best musical partner, so I recommended him to the team. It’s also a song style we haven’t shown on PENTAGON albums, so I hope our fans listen to it a lot.
On “Cold Killer,” Jinhyuk is actually a junior in my company, [Cube Entertainment]. When I was writing the song, I thought maybe if Jinhyuk could feature in it, the song could be better and make it the perfect track to finish the album as well. And then Park Hyeon Jin is a rapper who features on “MELO.” I saw him awhile back on another singing program, but he came to mind and I thought he’d be perfect for this track.
Jeff Benjamin: What other goals do you have at this point in your career?
HUI: My goal right now is to do a tour to meet my fans around the world. I want to meet you again, Jeff! [Laughs] But I really want to create opportunities for fans worldwide where I can share my thoughts and music with them.
Jeff Benjamin: Anything else you want fans to know?
HUI: As this is my first solo album, I really hope they like it. I will continue to release more music—I still have a lot of good songs on my hard drive that I haven’t shown to fans. [Laughs] I hope you all look forward to them. I will continue to work hard to sing and dance, so please give me a lot of attention in the future. I hope you’ll stay with me.
Jeff Benjamin: Since you are so well known as a producer, composer and songwriter, I’d like to get your stories and feelings about how you’ve approached your body of work and some reflections on meaningful tracks or career moments.
HUI: For PENTAGON’s “Shine,” I remember thinking, “This is what I want to do, this is right.” Before “Shine” came out, I wondered if the music we were making was the right feeling for all times of the day—morning, going to work, etc. I came to think it was a little too strong and charismatic for someone to listen to in the morning. Even I was listening to other songs in the morning because the songs were too heavy or too dark. A perfect title song of an album is definitely one you can hear in the morning like a refreshing morning apple. I wanted to make a song with this kind of feeling. So, after I made “Shine,” I thought, “This is it. This is the apple.”
Of the songs I’ve produced, “Like This” is very emotional because I wrote and composed the song when I was still very “pure,” and my thinking was very clear. It feels really special because it was the first title track single I was involved in, so that’s my favorite PENTAGON album title track of all.
But the song that actually made me start my “life” as a composer is “Never” from Produce 101. It’s a very important song for me, probably the most special of my life because before the song came out, I never imagined I could be a composer, lyricist, or producer for anyone else or many different artists. But because this song was such a hit, it became a real turning point.
It’s my first time saying this, so I hope it’s okay, but I grew up watching Shinhwa sunbaenim [senior]’s videos. The first choreography I ever learned was Shinhwa’s “Brand New.” So, when they said they would record “Don’t Leave Me,” I couldn’t believe it—a song written by their junior? I actually met them during the recording session and I couldn’t say anything for a while. I just thought it was so cool; like a dream come true seeing them record and take in my suggestions.
When I get a request to work on a song for an artist, I don’t think so much about making a song for a boy or girl, but I actually look at the artist’s picture. I make songs and try to write something that fits the artists by looking at their pictures a lot.
Hearing artists sing my songs or compositions in other languages is a new experience too. I usually write the lyrics casually, put the melody together, and even sing the guide [in Korean]. But for songs [like JO1’s “EH-OH-OH” or TNT’s “BOYNESS”], the melody is the same one I made but on their album, it feels like a very different vibe and style. But I do want to try it out more and I think I’m going to see my writing and producing in a lot of various languages.