New Zealand born, Australian raised K-pop star Rosé makes her long-awaited full-length debut with Rosie.

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


	K-pop powerhouse Rosé has stormed the ARIA Albums Chart with her debut solo album, Rosie, landing at No. 2 and equaling her highest-charting success in Australia as part of BLACKPINK with The Album and Born Pink.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Rose		
					






















	
		
					Taylor Swift		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Rosé’s lead single, “APT.” featuring Bruno Mars, isn’t letting go of its grip either. The track continues its impressive run at No. 1 on the ARIA Singles Chart for a sixth non-consecutive week, well and truly marking its place as one of 2024’s biggest hits. Her newest offering, “Toxic Till the End,” debuts at No. 31, boosted by a cinematic music video starring Gossip Girl’s Evan Mock.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







Taylor Swift’s chart reign Down Under shows no signs of slowing down, with The Tortured Poets Department holding strong at No. 1 for a seventh non-consecutive week. That’s a record-breaking run for 2024, nudging past Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet, which spent six weeks on top earlier this year.




			Trending on Billboard		






	It’s yet another triumph for Swift in Australia, where she continues to shatter records. The Tortured Poets Department is now her 11th No. 1 album down under, more than any other female artist. 

	The album also pulled in the biggest opening week of the year, moving over 100,000 units, and set a new high for the most first-day Spotify streams in Australia.

	Sabrina Carpenter keeps her streak alive as well, with Short n’ Sweet holding at No. 3. But she’s also bringing the holiday spirit, as her festive EP Fruitcake debuts at No. 59. The release features a playful Christmas version of her hit “Nonsense,” which hit No. 23 last year.

	In a surprise comeback, Aussie hip-hop legends Bliss N Eso cracked the charts with their 2004 debut album, Flowers In The Pavement, appearing for the very first time at No. 46. Nearly two decades since its release, the record’s resurgence proves the trio’s lasting legacy, furthered by their three No. 1 albums over the years.

	Meanwhile, the Christmas classics are creeping back into the mix as the holidays approach. Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas Is You” climbs to No. 8, Wham!’s “Last Christmas” jumps to No. 10, and Brenda Lee’s “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” shakes up the chart at No. 16.

	The ARIA charts are a melting pot of heavyweights and holiday hits, with Taylor Swift still calling the shots, Rosé carving her solo path, and timeless anthems ringing in the festive season. The question now? Can anyone knock Swift off her throne, or will The Tortured Poets Department keep rewriting the record books?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.