ByMonica Mercuri
ByMonica Mercuri,
 Contributor. 
CHANDLER KINNEY, BRANDON ARMSTRONG, DANNY AMENDOLA, WITNEY CARSON, JOEY GRAZIADEI, JENNA JOHNSON, ... More STEPHEN NEDOROSCIK, RYLEE ARNOLD, ILONA MAHER, ALAN BERSTEN
Dancing With the Stars has crowned its Season 33 champions. After an unforgettable three-hour finale filled with dazzling routines and familiar faces, find out which couple took home the Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy and catch up on all the night's scores, below.
Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong, Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson, Ilona Maher and Alan Bersten, Danny Amendola and Witney Carson, as well as Stephen Nedoroscik and Rylee Arnold, all advanced to Tuesday’s finale after no contestants were eliminated during the semi-finals. Last week’s scores were carried into the final episode.
The night kicked off with a spectacular opening number set to Madonna’s "Holiday," choreographed by Ray Leeper. This season's eliminated stars — Anna Delvey, Eric Roberts, Reginald VelJohnson, Brooks Nader, Jenn Tran, Dwight Howard, and Phaedra Parks — all returned to the stage for mini dances sprinkled throughout the night.
Season 32 champions Xochitl Gomez and Val Chmerkovskiy also returned to perform a dance to Chappell Roan's "Pink Pony Club." Additionally, fans enjoyed a special Argentine Tango from former DWTS pro Mark Ballas and co-judge Derek Hough set to "Libertango" by Tango Bardo.
Each couple took the stage for two dances: a redemption dance chosen by the judges and show-stopping freestyle routine. Keep reading to see all the scores from the DWTS finale and discover which couple claimed first place.
DANCING WITH THE STARS - Finale - Once again, the finale episode will have five couples competing ... More for a chance at winning the coveted Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy. The finalists will each perform a redemption dance assigned by our judges, plus an unforgettable freestyle routine. TUESDAY, NOV. 26 (8:00-11:00 p.m. EST) on ABC. (Disney/Eric McCandless) CHANDLER KINNEY, BRANDON ARMSTRONG
Scores: 29 (10, 9, 10)
Stephen and Rylee performed a redemption Quickstep to “I’ll Be There for You” by The Rembrandts. Bruno said that Stephen was running on top gear and was both fast and smooth. Carrie Ann added that Len Goodman would have been smiling from ear to ear and said it was the best performance she had ever seen from him. Derek referred to them as “a burst of sunshine,” and commended Stephen’s massive improvement from his last Quickstep. The judges awarded them two 10s and one 9.
Total so far (including semi-finals): 82
Scores: 30 (10, 10, 10)
Joey and Jenna performed a redemption Cha Cha to “CAN’T STOP THE FEELING!” by Justin Timberlake. Derek said that wasn’t just a redemption dance, but rather “a punctation mark letting everyone know that you are a top contender on this show.” Bruno praised how well he and Jenna work together, stating that they both dance like professionals. Carrie Ann expressed her appreciation for Joey's consistency throughout the season, noting that as one of the "potential" winners of the show, his success is well-deserved. They received perfect scores of 10s across the board.
Total so far (including semi-finals): 88
Scores: 27 (9, 9, 9)
Danny and Witney performed a redemption Tango to “I Had Some Help” by Post Malone featuring Morgan Wallen. Derek said that Danny's redemption has been accomplished. Bruno complimented his lines and shapes and noted that he tried really really hard. Carrie Ann added that he's made the biggest transformation out of all the men, but pointed out a slight hesitation in the dance. They received all nines from the judges.
Total so far (including semi-finals): 81
Scores: 27 (9, 9, 9)
Ilona and Alan performed a redemption Jive to “Shake A Tail Feather” by Ray Charles & The Blues Brothers. Bruno praised them delivering their performance on time and without any mistakes. Carrie Ann exclaimed that "the redemption is yours" though she pointed out a slight hesitation in their execution. Derek remarked that the performance was much better and described it as a true redemption dance. They received scores of nine from the judges.
Total so far (including semi-finals): 84
Scores: 30 (10, 10, 10)
Chandler and Brandon performed a Jive to “APT.” by ROSÉ & Bruno Mars. Carrie Ann described their dance as “amazing” and said it was a redemption because she has proven herself. Derek highlighted how she didn’t lose steam throughout the dance and praised the difficulty level. Bruno added that Chandler went beyond redemption and said their jive is as good as it gets. They received a perfect score of all tens.
Total so far (including semi-finals): 88
DANCING WITH THE STARS - ØFinaleÆ - Once again, the finale episode will have five couples competing ... More for a chance at winning the coveted Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy. The finalists will each perform a redemption dance assigned by our judges, plus an unforgettable freestyle routine. TUESDAY, NOV. 26 (8:00-11:00 p.m. EST) on ABC. (Disney/Eric McCandless) ILONA MAHER, ALAN BERSTEN
Scores: 30 (10, 10, 10)
Stephen and Rylee performed a Freestyle to “Viva La Vida” by Coldplay. Bruno called the dance emotional and beautiful, hailing it as a “contemporary anthem.” Carrie Ann said it was amazing and expressed that she doesn't want the season to end. Derek praised it as an incredible freestyle, from the song and concept to the choreography. The couple received their first perfect score of the season.
Total for the night: 112
Scores: 29 (9, 10, 10)
Joey and Jenna performed a Freestyle to “Canned Heat” by District 78 ft Jake Simpson. Carrie Ann found their routine to be a tad underwhelming and said their energy dipped in the middle. Derek and Bruno disagreed. Derek called the dance phenomenal, while Bruno said it was original and the choreography was inventive. For their scores, they earned one 9 from Carrie Ann and two 10s.
Total for the night: 117
Scores: 29 (9, 10, 10)
Danny and Witney performed a Freestyle to “Pink” by Lizzo and “I’m Just Ken” by Ryan Gosling. Derek called Danny one of the biggest surprises of the season and said we will never forget his routines. Bruno commented how he wants to be in the sequel to the blockbuster dance, while Carrie Ann said their was freestyle amazing and entertaining. They got one 9 from Carrie Ann and two 10s as their scores.
Total for the night: 110
Scores: 30 (10, 10, 10)
Ilona and Alan performed Freestyle to Chappell Roan’s “Femininomenon” by District 78 ft Mona Rue. “You have become a true leading lady,” Bruno said. Carrie Ann added that her mind was blown and their dance left her feeling so empowered. Derek called it a “fantastic” freestyle and said he loved everything about it so much. They earned their first perfect score of the season.
Total for the night: 114
Scores: 30 (10, 10, 10)
Chandler and Brandon performed a Freestyle to “Hellzapoppin’” by Eyal Vilner Big Band and “Move On Up” by Curtis Mayfield. Carrie Ann said that their performance was not only beyond impressive but also important for representation. Derek added that Chandler should be proud of every step she danced on the floor. Bruno called it a spectacular celebration of the contributions of all Black artists in dance. They received 10s across the board.
Total for the night: 118
DANCING WITH THE STARS - Once again, the finale episode will have five couples competing for a ... More chance at winning the coveted Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy. The finalists will each perform a redemption dance assigned by our judges, plus an unforgettable freestyle routine. TUESDAY, NOV. 26 (8:00-11:00 p.m. EST) on ABC. (Disney/Eric McCandless) JENNA JOHNSON, JOEY GRAZIADEI
Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson are the winners of Dancing With the Stars Season 33. The Bachelor star received the highest combination of judges’ scores and viewers’ votes during the semi-finals and finals.
Ilona Maher and Alan Bersten finished as runners-up, followed by Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong in third place, Stephen Nedoroscik and Rylee Arnold in fourth, and Danny Amendola and Witney Carson in fifth.
Dancing With the Stars is streaming on Disney+. New episodes will be available to stream on ABC.com and Hulu the following day.