E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
BURLINGTON — When you have one of the most complex offensive schemes in Massachusetts, it takes a top flight quarterback with plenty of experience to guide the ship.
Fortunately for Burlington and coach George Balian and offensive coordinator Greg Sheridan, that’s what it has in senior Anthony Gerrior.
In his third season as the Red Devils starting quarterback, Gerrior has put up some videogame-like numbers in leading Burlington to a 5-0 start.
The Red Devils have averaged 28.8 points per game, with Gerrior tossing 12 touchdown passes and running for four others. His best effort came last Friday in a 35-20 win over Wilmington when he threw five TD passes on only 13 attempts.
“We’ve had some really good quarterbacks here at Burlington,” Balian said. “But Anthony can really zip it and he’s like an offensive coordinator on the field.”
One of the things that Gerrior attributes that to is the chemistry he has with his receiving core, led by Ryan Brooks and Ryan Ellis.
“The big thing is that you have to be friends off the field because in the game, it lets you think alike out there to where it’s second nature.”
A two-time Middlesex League All-Star, Gerrior plays the role of the ultimate teammate and he plays it well according to his coach.
“He’s very humble and it’s always looking to get better,” Balian said.
With Burlington lighting up the scoreboard at a crazy rate at times, it provides a level of comfort that the Red Devils can win any type of game. But Gerrior is the first to give credit to the Burlington defense, which has surrendered more than 20 points only once this season.
“Those guys have caused turnovers and scored touchdowns for us. They’ve done a great job.”
You’d think that with Burlington sitting at 5-0 and all but assured of heading to the Division 4 playoffs, that the Red Devils would be playing their best.
Leave it to Gerrior to be honest about that.
“I don’t think we’ve played our best yet but that’s good because we can only get better from here.”
Name: Anthony Gerrior
School: Burlington
Age: 17
Height/Weight: 6-feet, 181 pounds
Position: QB
Nickname: Anthony/Tony
Family: Kim Garballey, John Garballey, Joe Gerrior, Amanda Gerrior, Dante Gerrior
Accomplishments: Two time Middlesex League All-Star
Favorite personal moment in sports: Throwing a touchdown pass
Favorite class in school: Astronomy
Least favorite class: History
Favorite pigout food: Cheez-its
Favorite TV show: Outer Banks/Stranger Things
Favorite Movie: Terrifier
Favorite Musician: Bruno Mars
Favorite Video Game: Fortnite, Roblox, Madden
Favorite smartphone app: Fantasy football
Favorite X to follow: Anything football related
Favorite pro team: Celtics/Patriots
Favorite athlete: Drake Maye
How do you prepare for a game? Stay consistent, locked in, music, rewatch film, get the team going, play my game
If you could be someone else for a day, who would it be? Drake Maye
Career ambitions: Play college football, police officer/lawyer
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group