By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:53, 26 April 2024   |  Updated:  02:59, 26 April 2024   
 9
View  comments
Reba McEntire is set to return to lead 'country music's party of the year' once again.
The so-called 'Queen Of Country' has been tapped to host the 59th Academy Of Country Music Awards for a record 17th time on Thursday, May 16, at the Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas.
Not only is McEntire returning to host the show, but she'll also hit the stage to perform new music, according to Deadline.
During her illustrious career the McAlester, Oklahoma native has 16 ACM Award wins and nine nominations for ACM Entertainer Of The Year, including a win in 1994, while holding the distinction of having the most nominations for Female Artist Of The Year. 
'I am tickled to pieces to get to host the ACM Awards for the 17th time,' McEntire, 69, said. 'What an honor to have been part of the past, present and now the future of the Academy of Country Music with Amazon Prime Video. I can’t wait to get to Texas and see everybody May 16.'
Reba McEntire, 69, has been tapped to host the upcoming 59th Academy Of Country Music Awards for a record 17th time; she is pictured in September 2023
 Heading into the ACM Awards, Luke Combs leads the nomination numbers game with eight nods, including Entertainer Of The Year, Male Artist Of The Year, Album Of The Year, Song Of The Year, and Single Of The Year.
Trailing close behind is Megan Moroney and Morgan Wallen who both have six nominations each.
Cody Johnson, Chris Stapleton and Lainey Wilson received five nods each, followed by Jelly Roll and Jordan Davis with four and Kelsea Ballerini and Zach Bryan each with three nominations.
For McEntire, her first time serving as host came during the 20th Annual Academy Of Country Music Awards, which was held on May 6, 1985 at the Good Time Theatre, Knott's Berry Farm in Buena Park, California. 
'In a way it seems like 100 years, in a way it seems like it just flew by like that,' the I'm A Survivor musician told Entertainment Tonight. '[I have] great memories - getting to work with Dick Clark, all the artists, the people that I co-hosted with.'
While her history as host dates back nearly 40 years, McEntire last held the reigns for the 54th Academy of Country Music Awards at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on April 7, 2019.
When asked what inspired her to return to host for a 17th time, The Heart Won't Lie singer pointed to two of her fellow country music legends.
'I saw Dolly [Parton] and Garth {Brooks] doing it last year and I thought, "Man, that's fun! They're having a great time,' and my competitiveness came in there,' McEntire revealed.
McEntire served as host of the ACM Awards for the first time in May 1985; she is seen posing after winning the award for Top Female Vocalist while serving as host
The so-called 'Queen Of Country' last served as host of the ACM Awards when it was held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on April 7, 2019
Confessing she always feels 'exhilarated' when she gets up in front of the live television audience to play host, McEntire added, 'It's fun, I love live television. There's nothing like it.'
While the list of performers for the awards show is still pending, McEntire did weigh in on who she would pick if she were to do a duet, and it just may very well surprise most fans.
'Reba McEntire and Bruno Mars,' McEntire revealed, before revealing, 'I'm a huge fan of Bruno.' 
The 59th Academy of Country Music Awards streams live May 16 on Prime Video.
The full rebroadcast will be available directly following the stream on Prime Video and also the next day for free on Amazon Freevee and the Amazon Music app. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group