The third Come Dine With Me dinner party aired tonight, bringing a star-studded line-up and 'Adele-icious' menu. 


  The Channel Four show - which is airing episodes filmed in Norfolk every night this week - follows a group of five contestants as they try to throw the best dinner party.


  Tonight, it was the turn of service manager and karaoke queen Jess, who put on an Adele-themed party and invited her guests to dress up as their favourite artists.


READ MORE: Come Dine With Me's Hannah hosts the second night in Norfolk


  Mobile hairdresser Sarah came as Cher and head cleaner Hannah wowed as Dolly Parton.


  Trainee surgeon Luke portrayed Bruno Mars and magician Anthony chose Stubby Kaye.


  Despite their imaginative names, each of Jess' courses disappointed the crowd tonight - mostly because of the healthy alternatives she chose over more indulgent ingredients.


  Luke felt her starter - 'Adele-icious' focaccia - needed "a little more dirtiness" and said her main -  a 'Rolling in the Deep Sea' seafood pasta - should have been creamier.


  Her dessert, the 'Save the Best for Last' raspberry sorbet, was the kind of sharp Sarah said "draws your buttocks up".


READ MORE: Come Dine With Me episodes in Norfolk air on Channel 4


  The atmosphere and entertainment saved the day for Jess who had everyone belting their favourite bangers on her karaoke machine. 


  There were a few tense moments this evening, like when Luke offended Jess by comparing her to a jackfruit, saying "they're just really, really big" moments after she revealed she had lost seven stone.


  But the laughter continued throughout and everybody agreed they had enjoyed themselves.


  She was scored sixes across the board, giving her a total of 24 out of 40.


  She currently sits at the bottom behind Hannah, who scored 30, and Anthony, with 28.


  But who will bag that £1,000 prize at the end of the week?


  You can catch the remaining dinner parties on Thursday and Friday at 6pm on Channel Four.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.