by 
	Kristyn Burtt


Leah Remini announced on Aug. 29 that she and her husband Angelo Pagan were divorcing after 21 years of marriage. The 54-year-old actress shared that it was a friendly split, but the separation might have been in the works longer than fans realize.

	










	Remini’s stunning property in Studio City, California had been on and off the market since September 2022. The six-bedroom, nine-bath estate was in a coveted area of Los Angeles with A-list neighbors, including George and Amal Clooney and Bruno Mars. While most fans assumed that she put the home up for sale ahead of her daughter, Sofia, 20, going off to college, the listing might have also signaled a new chapter for her marriage to Pagan.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jennifer Lopez & Ben Affleck Reportedly Face Off Over Final Divorce Detail		
	










	The final listing for the property occurred in October 2023 with an asking price of $12,499,000, according to The New York Times. It underwent three price cuts before finding a buyer for $9,300,000 on July 1, per In Touch Weekly. That real estate move might have been the final chapter in her marriage to Pagan, and the reason why she made the announcement to her fans. The duo bought the property in 2003 for $3.75 million, and it was likely the last big asset they had to square away before officially ending their marriage.



	While it may sound like a “sad” chapter, the King of Queens star stayed hopeful and positive in her Instagram message. “Well, here we are. After 28 years together and 21 years of marriage, we have decided to file for divorce,” she wrote in her post. “This decision came after a lot of thought and care, and as hard as divorce is, we are approaching this with a positive outlook because we know it’s what’s best for us. We are proud of how we have worked through this together.”

	Remini promised that she and Pagan would remain “best friends” because their “bond is still strong—it’s just evolved into something different.” In the end, she viewed their union as “a huge success” because they are both “looking forward to creating even more cherished moments—just in a different way.” The home sale might have been the final sentence to a long, loving chapter in a book that is still being written for Remini and Pagan.


Before you go, click here to see all of the biggest and most expensive celebrity homes!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.