By Will O'Bryan 
			on 
			April 10, 2024						


Modi Rosenfeld, better known as simply the mono-monikered Modi, does not consider himself political. Primarily, he’s Jewish. Then gay. His role as a comedian is near the top. But political?
“100 percent not,” Modi insists. “Not at all.”
Still, the Israel-born, Long Island-raised Modi knows his way around a political arena. His turn at roasting the famous in the service of Commentary magazine is testament. During the Donald Trump administration, the guest of honor was former senator Joe Lieberman. The best line, however, was aimed at one of Lieberman’s senatorial siblings, in that period of Senate confirmation hearings for Trump’s raft of Supreme Court nominations.
“We have Lindsey Graham here tonight,” Modi noted to his bejeweled and buttoned-up audience. “Sen. Graham, he loves a roast. He loves to laugh. It’s because he doesn’t take himself too seriously. You know whom else he doesn’t take too seriously? Women who have been assaulted.”
Modi spared the now recently deceased Lieberman those few years ago, and Joe apparently had a great time. When it was his turn onstage, he thanked Modi for the humor.
“I thought Modi was hilarious,” Lieberman told the ballroom of roasting revelers. “I never thought I would hear, let alone laugh at, a ‘Hitler-Goebbels-Shabbat elevator’ joke.”
Again tasked with roasting on Commentary‘s behalf, Modi took more direct aim at roastee and right-wing pundit Ben Shapiro.
“Ladies and gentlemen, what a creepy lineup of people we have here tonight,” Modi began, before wondering aloud if Shapiro was “that little Bar Mitzvah boy they put on the talk shows to annoy the other guests?”
Then the truly roast-worthy cut: “You’ve done more for anti-Semitism than Bernie Madoff and Jeffrey Epstein combined. But at least Jeffery Epstein had the decency to kill himself.”
Nevertheless, as with Lieberman, Shapiro seemed to be having a rollicking time. And for Modi, it’s not politics, just laughs.
And while D.C. is the epicenter of American politics, Modi seems genuinely excited about bringing his “Know Your Audience” tour to D.C.’s Kennedy Center, acknowledging the venue’s iconic standing in American culture.
The stop marks the winding down of Modi’s tour, which began in January, a dozen dates, coast to coast. But with his career at a seemingly upward-evolving stage, Modi wouldn’t characterize himself as exhausted by the tour in any way.
“I’m invigorated,” he says. “[The tour] has been planned so well, between Leo and my touring agent. Luckily, it’s a Jewish community, so we’re not looking for Fridays and Saturdays. We’re looking for Wednesdays and Thursdays. The venues love that. Who the hell is looking for a Wednesday night? I get to be home in between. I’m home now, which is amazing. I’m going to Cleveland tomorrow and then come back here for the weekend and then head back out again. I love it. I love it.”
Modi also loves the aforementioned Leo, who is both his husband and his producer. Partners came before producing, and the two made it official during Covid. As Modi tells it, a pandemic marriage has its perks.
“We logged on, and we had a Zoom thing with the county clerk,” he recalls of the 2020 non-event. “We showed our IDs and then we received the document. Then we were married. That was our wedding. That was it. No parties, no one had to buy a dress, no one had to buy flights, no one had to show up at some event. That was it. We digitally eloped.”
There was, however, a gift of comic material, with Modi incorporating husband Leo into his act. The punchline, essentially, is that Leo is the millennial to Modi’s Gen X sensibilities. Granted, it didn’t take a marriage to launch those particular jokes. His mother’s been in on the gag from the start of their relationship.
“The first time he came to my mother’s house, nine years ago, he saw my graduation picture,” says Modi. “My mom said to him, ‘That’s when he was your age.'”
While Modi would rather talk about family than politics, maybe add a little riff about all the frequent flier miles he’s collecting on tour — “Diamond, Platinum, Medallion, I’m killing it on the miles! Sounds like a stripper. ‘Help me welcome Diamond Platinum!'” — there’s no getting around the current state of affairs, the war in Gaza.
Aside from his roots in Israel, Modi and his husband were actually in Tel Aviv on the day of the Hamas incursion into Israel which marked the start of current hostilities. Modi tries to make a joke about staying in the same hotel as Bruno Mars at the time, grateful the superstar singer was whisked away by security, in that if the hotel was bombed with them both in it all the press coverage would go to Mars. His attempt at gallows humor seems half-hearted, leaving the impression he wishes humor could go further in healing all that’s wrong with the world.
Modi remembers a show in Long Island, seeing some women wearing hijabs among those enjoying themselves in his audience.
“They’re laughing,” he says with joy in his voice. “This is the solution. If they laugh with us, there will be peace with us. I think through laughter is the solution to everything.”
Modi brings his “Know Your Audience” tour to the Kennedy Center Eisenhower Theater on Thursday, April 11, at 8 p.m. Tickets are $39 to $139. Visit kennedy-center.org.

 
											By Doug Rule 
											on 
											March 29, 2025																																	@ruleonwriting



For true fans of live music, and the whole concert-going and festival-going experience, Spring 2025 in the DMV is shaping up to be a banner season. And for those who're also fans of queer music and of seeing LGBTQ performers live in concert? Well, we're about to experience a real embarrassment of riches in that regard. And no, not just because of all those coming to town for WorldPride 2025. In fact, the number of out artists stopping through the area both before and after Pride this year is impressive.
Melissa Etheridge is one. Bob Mould another. Also due to visit is Allison Russell, John Grant, Rahsaan Patterson, Halsey, and Lucy Dacus. Not to mention Kylie Minogue, who's got local gay hearts beating padam padam for sure. Down the road, once Pride is a wrap, it'll be Ty Herndon's turn. Also Brandy Clark's. The Indigo Girls, Pink Martini, Laura Jane Grace will all also follow suit. Oh, and Cyndi Lauper will also return to have a little more fun -- and say farewell one more time, after time.

 
											By John Riley 
											on 
											March 23, 2025																																	@JRileyMW



Yeshiva University announced that it had reached a settlement with an LGBTQ student-run club that the university, for years, had refused to recognize as an official campus organization.
In the surprise move, the Orthodox Jewish educational institution said that it would end litigation related to its refusal to recognize the group, which it initially claimed was due to religious objections.
As part of the settlement, the club -- formerly known as the Yeshiva University Pride Alliance -- would be renamed "Hareni" and would be allowed to operate with the same rights and privileges guaranteed to other student groups. 

 
											By André Hereford 
											on 
											March 28, 2025																																	@here4andre



A robust fall/winter for dance in the DMV gives way to a lighter but still bountiful spring, with an impressive variety of utterly inviting events and performances to choose from -- from Decolonized Beatz Indigenous World Pride at Atlas Performing Arts, and international troupe Compañía Medusa exploring queer themes at Dance Place, to several collaborators melding tap dance with different genres of movement and music to keep us swinging all through the season.
1333 H St., NE
202-399-7993
www.atlasarts.org
Fredgren Studio Theatre
3443 Carlin Springs Rd.
Falls Church, Va.
703-778-3008
www.balletnova.org
These are challenging times for news organizations. And yet it’s crucial we stay active and provide vital resources and information to both our local readers and the world. So won’t you please take a moment and consider supporting Metro Weekly with a membership? For as little as $5 a month, you can help ensure Metro Weekly magazine and MetroWeekly.com remain free, viable resources as we provide the best, most diverse, culturally-resonant LGBTQ coverage in both the D.C. region and around the world. Memberships come with exclusive perks and discounts, your own personal digital delivery of each week’s magazine (and an archive), access to our Member's Lounge when it launches this fall, and exclusive members-only items like Metro Weekly Membership Mugs and Tote Bags! Check out all our membership levels here and please join us today!

More Scene

Washington's LGBTQ Magazine
P.O. Box 11559
Washington, DC 20008
(202) 638-6830
About Us page


Follow Us:
· Facebook
· Twitter
· Flipboard

· YouTube
· Instagram
· RSS News | RSS Scene

Copyright ©2024 Jansi LLC.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.