Sam Quek was “gutted” to lose the dance-off and become the latest celeb voted off Strictly but she described her time on the show as an “absolute joy”.
The 36-year-old hockey star and her professional dance partner, Nikita Kuzmin, were up against Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe. All four judges voted to save Montell and Johannes.
Later, devastated Sam, who was in the British hockey team which won gold at the 2016 Olympics, said: “I’m gutted, I just want to say thank you. I’ve learned so much. Strictly has just brought that spring in my step back.
“It’s just been an absolute joy. Nikita, you’ve been key in helping me find that inner Sam that was there, who went a little bit quiet for maybe one or two years and has just come back. I’m gutted because I do feel like I still have more to give.”
Nikita, 26, paid tribute to Sam. He said: “I’m just in awe of this girl. Sometimes they say it’s about the journey, not the destination, but to me it’s about the company. Sam, you are the most wonderful company I could have had.”
The pair, who scored 29 with their Icons Week American smooth to Taylor Swift’s Love Story, leave the show despite reality TV star Pete Wicks, 36, and his partner Jowita Przystal, 30, scoring just 22 with their performance of a salsa to Another One Bites the Dust by Queen on Saturday.
Montell, 38, a former athlete who competed in the 2008 Olympics, and Johannes, 37, scored 35 in Saturday’s live show for their waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston.
JLS singer JB Gill, 37, received the joint highest score of this year’s series on Saturday with 39 points for the Couple’s Choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley.
His pro partner Amy Dowden had to sit it out due to illness but watched in the studio as he performed the routine with stand-in Lauren Oakley.
Amy, who has recently had ­treatment for cancer, missed last Sunday’s results programme after being taken to hospital from the BBC1 show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a “precaution” after she began “feeling unwell”.
Reality star Tasha Ghouri, 26, and professional partner Aljaz ­Skorjanec, 34, also scored 39 for their Couple’s Choice routine to Pink’s What About Us.
Sunday’s results show also featured a performance from K-pop boyband dearALICE, along with a Beyonce medley.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.