90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

Add these songs to your do-not-play list.
Terri Pous is the managing editor at Apartment Therapy Media. She was previously a web Producer, social Media editor, and writer for Brides.
Photo by Jordan Voth
 You've meticulously planned out what to play for your processional, recessional, first dance, parent dances, and your final exit song—plus handed over a list of your favorite tunes to the DJ. But there's one more music-related task to take care of: the wedding do-not-play list. To avoid unpleasant surprises during your reception, it's best to curate a list of songs not to play at your wedding.

 Believe it or not, many popular wedding songs actually have negative messages about love. Even if they're staples that get guests singing and dancing along, they may actually be about breakups, infidelities, stalking, or desperation, or they could be overtly sexual in a way that may make some guests uncomfortable. It's best to stick to songs that capture the happy occasion and avoid those that remind you of past (or potential) relationship troubles. Of course, songs that have sentimental meaning to you or are part of you and your partner's love story are totally fine to include. Just use your guests to gauge your playlists along with the mood you want to set.

 Here are 32 of the worst wedding songs that should be on your do-not-play list.

 This song seems sweet but the lyrics are actually creepy: "I'll be watching you. Every breath you take, every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take."

 Yes, you'll always love your new spouse. But this isn't a love song; it's a breakup song: "Bittersweet memories, that is all I'm taking with me. So goodbye, please don't cry. We both know I'm not what you need."

 Not only is this also about a breakup, but it's also about the utter desperation in the breakup aftermath: "I'd go hungry, I'd go black and blue, and I'd go crawling down the avenue. No, there's nothing that I wouldn't do to make you feel my love."

 If you don't want to get all emo at your reception, skip this breakup ballad: "Nobody said it was easy. It's such a shame for us to part. Nobody said it was easy. No one ever said it would be this hard. Oh, take me back to the start."

 As beautiful a song as it is, it's hard to listen to this without thinking of Leonardo DiCaprio sinking to the bottom of the sea. Plus, it's about a lost love: "Every night in my dreams I see you, I feel you. That is how I know you, go on."

 Don't be fooled by the title. This song actually refers to fickle commitment and getting married out of intoxication: "It's a beautiful night. We're looking for something dumb to do. Hey baby, I think I wanna marry you. Is it the look in your eyes, or is it this dancing juice?"

 Though it's a great song to dance to, guests who might already be feeling wedding pressures may feel even worse: "If you like it, then you should've put a ring on it. ... Say I’m the one you want. If you don’t, you’ll be alone, and like a ghost, I’ll be gone."

 Bono wrote this as an apology to his wife for forgetting her birthday: "Baby's got blue skies up ahead, but in this, I'm a rain cloud. You know she likes a dry kind of love. Oh oh oh, the sweetest thing. I'm losing you." This may not be how you want to kick off your marriage.

 Here's another song that makes it into wedding playlists. But it's all about a relationship gone south: "I should have made you leave your key if I'd known for just one second you'd be back to bother me. Go on now, go, walk out the door. Just turn around now 'cause you're not welcome anymore."

 The "little sister" of the song refers to an ex-girlfriend who's marrying someone else. The lyrics, accordingly, are quite angsty: "There is nothin' fair in this world, there is nothin' safe in this world, and there's nothin' sure in this world, and there's nothin' pure in this world."

 The chart-topper is indisputably popular, having sold more than 1.35 million copies since its release in 1981. Nonetheless, the lyrics may seem out of place at a wedding: "Don't touch me please, I cannot stand the way you tease. I love you though you hurt me so. Now, I'm going to pack my things and go."

 As much as you and your partner love classic rock, the big day is all about giving love a good name and this song's lyrics are actually dark and spiteful: "Shot through the heart, and you're to blame. Darling, you give love a bad name. You promise me heaven, then put me through hell."

 Though you and the bridal party know all the words, save it for your next karaoke night. Grandma and grandpa might not appreciate the objectification in this tune: "I like big butts and I cannot lie. ... I want 'em real thick and juicy."

 As a general rule of thumb, steer clear of odes to the derrière...even if they're empowering and oozing with self-love: "I don't think you're ready for this jelly, cause my body's too bootylicious for ya babe." Just add it to your getting-ready playlist with your bridesmaids.

 Although Stevie Wonder seems to serenade his one and only in this classic, the lyrics are borderline stalkerish: "In a café or sometimes on a crowded street, I've been near you, but you never noticed me."

 While we love a good Carrie Underwood ballad, try to avoid songs with any allusions to potential infidelity: "Right now, he's probably slow dancing with a bleached-blonde tramp, and she's probably getting frisky."

 This song is an ode to exes. Even if you are grateful that your past flames led you to the love of your life, this song will probably make you think of yours on your wedding day, and there's really no reason for that: "Even almost got married/And for Pete, I'm so thankful."

 This is a great single empowerment anthem, which might feel out of place on your big day: "Why men great 'til they gotta be great. ... I put the sing in single. Ain't worried 'bout a ring on my finger."

 The song talks about a toxic cycle of being cheated on, breaking up, and then getting back together: "I can't count all the times that I've told you we're through. And when you go, when you slam the door, I think you know that you won't be away too long. You know that I'm not that strong." It just doesn't reflect the loving commitment you just made.

If a song has a hidden, special meaning for you or is an inside joke between you and your partner, you should definitely include it in your playlist.
 This '90s dance craze is actually about the multiple infidelities of a woman named Macarena. The English translation goes: "But don't you worry about my boyfriend...I don't want him, couldn't stand him...What was I supposed to do? He was out of town and his two friends were so fine."

 Before you get your disco moves on, know that this Bee Gees classic is actually dark. The lyrics are despondent and a cry for help: "Life's goin' nowhere, somebody help me."

 When the open bar rolls in and this song starts playing, it will probably make the crowd attempt this international dance craze that goes: "Eh, sexy lady. Op, op, op, op. Oppan Gangnam style." Play at your own risk.

 This song is all about not having the family's blessing to get married. If you're lucky enough to celebrate with loved ones who are supportive of your union, maybe skip it: "I hate to do this, you leave no choice, can't live without her. Love me or hate me, we will be both standin' at the altar. Or we will run away to another galaxy."

 If you're looking to hype your guests up on the dance floor, there may be other songs that are better suited and more effective than singing along to: "Who let the dogs out? Who, who, who, who?"

 The lyrics of this song seem to be about a lack of compromise and unfair treatment in a relationship: "After every fight, just apologize and maybe then I'll let you try and rock my body right. Even if I was wrong. You know I'm never wrong."

 This dance-pop beat may be fun to dance to but the lyrics are a bit creepy: "Now I've got you in my space, I won't let go of you. Got you shackled in my embrace, I'm latching on to you."

 This song is all about dancing alone while the person you like dances with someone else and can potentially make some of your solo guests feel bad: "I'm in the corner, watching you kiss her, ooh. I'm right over here, why can't you see me? I'm giving it my all, but I'm not the girl you're taking home. I keep dancing on my own."

 This '90s hit talks about an unhealthy cycle of infidelity and getting back together: "Heartbreaker, you got the best of me. But I just keep on coming back incessantly. Oh, why did you have to run your game on me?"

 While an anthem of female empowerment, this song implies that the singer's partner is controlling or, worse, possessive: "You don't own me. Don't try to change me in any way. You don't own me. Don't tie me down 'cause I'd never stay."

 Your partnership is a good romance—the best! A song about being caught in a bad one (and wanting it), may not be the best choice at a wedding: "I want your love and all your lover's revenge. You and me could write a bad romance. Caught in a bad romance."

 This Destiny's Child classic makes it to a lot of weddings, but it's all about getting caught cheating: "It's hard to believe that you are at home by yourself, when I just heard the voice, heard the voice of someone else. Gettin' caught up in your game, when you cannot say my name."

 This Dolly Parton classic is about a woman begging someone else not to steal her man and might not be apt for the celebration: "I'm begging of you please don't take my man. Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene. Please don't take him just because you can."