Rumpelstilskin isn’t in the usual panto repertoire. The story of how a magical dwarf strikes a Faustian pact with a peasant girl in Early Modern Bavaria - spinning straw into gold in exchange for her firstborn child - feels a shade too dark for young audiences, if not teetering on the edge of cancellation.
But thanks to a few deft tweaks to the story, this year’s production at Bury’s Met theatre is a refreshingly novel Christmas offering.
It’s the third time that Bolton-based Big Tiny company has staged this year’s pantomime here.
The script by writer Ben Richards reverently visits all the touchstones of panto convention. Any child hoping to scream ‘it’s behind you’ won’t be disappointed. Humour is very much geared towards families, with no entendres that are particularly crude or offensive (bar the usual jokes about sausages).
The six-strong cast are excellent performers. There’s rarely a moment when the screwball energy starts to ebb.
Andrew Truluck fills out the stage as the dame Winnie the Warden, with Toby West (Badges) a spirited accomplice. Lauren Wilson, as the fairly godmother-inspired Cupid, displays an excellent singing voice and down-to-earth wit, all while balancing a Bett Lynch style wig. Heroine Maria (Sophie Trueman) and Prince Dierdrick (Josh Radcliffe) play their straightman roles with uncrackable sincerity, a counterpoint to the genuine creepiness of Rumpelstiltskin (Charlie Hodgkinson).
With it being a first night show, there were a few fluffed lines, missed cues and flying wigs; all to be expected and covered well by cast and crew.
Costumes are big and bold. Panto dame Andrew Trueluck steps out in creations which have more in common with construction than couture, including a towering castle-themed dress, while Rumpelstiltskins’ makeup owes more than a little bit to the new Beetlejuice film.
For a show this intimate and upclose with the audience, it does several things well. There are puppets (some freakishly large), pyrotechnics and some surprising special effects, including a high-tech spindle..
A particular note on the choreography, adding extra zing to the song and dance numbers. In the title role of Rumpelstiltskin, Charlie Hodgkinson, moves with a sinewy creepiness, channeling the sinister prancing of Robert Helpmann‘s Childcatcher.
The songs range from Bruno Mars and the Arctic Monkeys to 50s classics by Dean Martin. Both adult and child performers manage to execute impressive song and dance numbers on a packed stage.
Overall, this was an effective, enjoyable and family-friendly performance, which punches well above its weight. Worth your money - and well worth supporting a local theatre.
Performances run until Boxing Day (Thursday, December 26). Tickets £19/£16. For more info see here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.