If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

	Sure, tequila shots are fun at parties (and maybe gives you some liquid courage before stepping onto that karaoke stage), but artists rapping about “shots of Patrón” and celebrities scooping up distilleries down south have really given tequila an undeservedly bad (and, ahem, cheap) rep.

	These days, some of the best tequilas in the world are actually more comparable to a fine bourbon or robust glass of wine than jello shots and beer pong. For example, Patrón — one of most well-known tequila brands in the world — actually offers a diverse portfolio of authentic tequilas that you won’t find in nightclubs or seedy bars. Despite the brand’s hard-partying reputation (blame it on lyrical shout-outs from everyone from Lil Jon to Bruno Mars), the company is actually making some incredibly interesting, flavorful and expensive tequila these days, with bottles of its Patrón En Lalique going for up to $7,500 online.

	Not flaunting rapper-sized bank accounts? There are a handful of smooth, premium-tasting tequilas you can get for under $100 too — you just need to know what to look for.

	










What Are the Best Tequilas for 2024?

Tequila Buying Guide

How We Chose the Best Tequila Brands

	Whether you want to sip on something smooth and neat, or just want to upgrade your homemade margarita game, here are our favorite tequilas from the best tequila brands you can buy online. Get these delivered to your door in time for your next happy hour or dinner party.

	One of their most understated expressions, if you’re in the market for a light Reposado that still has a bit of bite, look no further than Alma del Jaguar’s Reposado tequila. This caramel-forward spirit starts sweet on the tongue, but a palate of cola spices (allspice, ginger, clove, etc) gives it a peppery edge. Simple at first glance, its complexities prowl and sneak up on you after a few sips, much like the wild jaguars the brand aims to protect in northern Mexico.





	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	We love the Grand Patrón Burdeos, which is twice-distilled and aged in used American and new French Oak barrels, before being finished in vintage Bordeaux barrels (Burdeos means Bordeaux in Spanish). It’s like a fine wine that’s been aged to perfection. Still, its $500+ price-point doesn’t exactly make it an accessible bottle to buy. For a similar experience at a more casual price point, we like the Roca Patrón Reposado, which is a lighter, more buttery take on the bold and robust Burdeos.

	










	The Reposado features notes of sweet vanilla, oak, mushrooms, ginger, caramel and citrus, which gives it that perfect balance of earthiness, sweetness and spiciness with an easy finish and no lingering aftertaste. Handcrafted using the time-honored “tahona” process, the Roca Patrón Tequila collection offers a sophisticated and complex flavor profile that’s an elegant and elevated take on tequila.

	A rare female distiller in the world of tequila (aka maestra tequilera), Ana Maria Romero is a shining star for the future of small-batch tequila, especially thanks to her latest craft Mijenta Cristalino. Though it’s technically a reposado, this unofficially tequila category has been taking off lately in the U.S. Cristalino refers to an aged tequila that’s been filtered to remove the color picked up after maturing in barrels to create a clear, clean look, while still keeping those matured flavors. 





	
		Related
	
	






	
	
		
					Don't Go in the Water, Because 'Jaws' Is Getting a 50th Anniversary 4K Release		
	









	
	
		
					How to Watch Los Angeles Clippers vs. Denver Nuggets NBA Playoff Games Without Cable		
	








	Mijenta went the extra mile though, with their Cristalino being made in symphony barrels, using American oak from four different states — Minnesota, Missouri, Pennsylvania, and Virginia — and it paid off. With each type of oak providing something different to the profile, notes of agave, vanilla, citrus, and a hint of spice all hit your tongue as silky and elegant as a moonbeam hitting your eye.

Laneta, meaning “the truth” and “the real deal” in Mexican slang deserves its namesake — it’s a tequila that really stands out. The brand’s signature architectural bottle design is a towering, eye-catching 17 inches tall that practically deserves prominent placement on your bar cart. The base of the bottle representing the Jalisco soil, the elegant scaling a reference to the texture of agave leaves, and the the matte finish on the neck alluding to the tequila’s “extra-smooth” character. 

	But is it as easy on the palate as it is on the eyes? It’s a resounding yes, especially with their latest expression, an Añejo that’s double-distilled in Jalisco, Mexico, and aged 12-14 months in American white oak ex-bourbon barrels. The body isn’t too heavy, but it still has a pronounced agave presence with notes of oak, vanilla, and caramel. Subtle hints of toasted nuts and some wonderfully delicate floral undertones make for a well-rounded sipping experience. And yes, it does go down “extra-smooth.” Their Añejo is a little hard to find, so we also suggest their Extra Añejo, another excellent showing that’s elegant and robust.  

	










	When it comes to celebrity tequila brands (or just premium tequila, for that matter), rock and roll legend Sammy Hagar is the original. He’s been in the tequila business for almost thirty years, starting out with the award-winning Cabo Wabo brand back in 1991. But the Red Rocker’s joint effort tequila brand with Guy Fieri, Santo, has been a real sleeper hit for us. “I’m really into making the greatest tequila in the world,” says Hagar in an interview with Rolling Stone in 2020. “I’m just hell-bent, and Guy’s got the same passion.”

	Santo specializes in high-end “old-style” tequila, but the brand is anything but old-fashioned. Case-in-point is Santo’s Reposado tequila — while we loved their debut “Mezquila” (mix of tequila and mezcal), we’ve grown their other expressions. There’s nothing crazy or experimental here, just fresh, balanced agave aromas with subtle flavors of oak and drying tannins on the finish. It’s a solid cocktail base or just great for tasting on its own.

	This tequila is produced in the lowlands of the Jalisco region, so it won’t exhibit the same sweetness or fruit-forward flavors as some of the other picks on our list. Instead, you’ll pick up a slightly drying, more astringent palate of black pepper, dried herbs, olives and citrus. Needless to say, Fortaleza’s Blanco Tequila is one of the more complex tequilas on our list — making it one that aficionados will undoubtedly appreciate.

	A nice touch: the hand-blown glass bottle, which is topped with a hand-painted agave piña and vintage-inspired label.

	When añejo tequila is done right, it’s at once rich and flavorful, smooth yet complex. That’s what you get from El Tequileño’s Gran Reserva, a skillful and impressive blend of two-year-old Añejo aged in American and new French oak barrels, and some of the Reserva Extra Añejo aged for six years (añejos are usually aged for one year max) in American Oak. With notes of toasted almonds, pepper, and cinnamon, an undertone of toasted oak recalls this tequila’s aged roots. 

	Like all of El Tequileño’s offerings, this one is best enjoyed neat or in a specialized tequila glass, and sipped slow for a deep, long finish. 

	Perfectly smooth and delicate, Código 1530’s Rosa Tequila makes for perfect after-work sipping, or used in a hand-crafted cocktail. Produced using the tequila-making traditions of the Los Bajos region and its tequilieras, the tequila is meticulously aged in French White Oak red wine (Cabernet) barrels from Napa Valley. That gives the Rosa a subtle pink hue, and a sweet yet dry finish.

	










	Country singer George Strait is an investor in the brand, and even wrote a song inspired by the tequila (aptly named “Codigo”) off his 2019 album, “Honkey Tonk Time Machine.” 

	A silky and savory tequila, Chamucos goes as well with Baja fish tacos as it does with a simple lime slice. A carefully handcrafted tequila produced in small batches, the Chamucos Blanco features notes of vanilla, citrus, cinnamon and fennel. It’s fresh and flavorful, with just the right amount of spice and a hint of earthiness. The tequila finishes with a little heat before going down oh-so-smooth.

Volans Tequila is a family affair: founded by Jalisco-based Chad and Cristina Allen with Chad’s mother and Cristina’s father, an agronomist in Mexico who helped source the location to grow their agaves and secure a sustainable, multi-generational family distillery, El Pandillo, to produce their tequila. Their Blanco is a supreme example of additive-free, small batch tequila using ancient methods like a handmade tahona wheel to crush the agave plants. The agave shines as you sip, backed by floral, citrus and black pepper notes. 

	If you want to discover an authentic Mexican tequila with a bold yet traditional flavor, then order a bottle of El Tesoro. El Tesoro may be owned by Beam Suntory, the Japanese company responsible for Suntory Whisky, but this tequila is still made from traditional methods and local agave. In fact, the grandson of founder Don Felipe Camarena oversees production today. The Añejo variety is aged in American oak bourbon barrels for up to three years, which results in a nice blend of warm agave and oak flavors. If you try this tequila neat, you’ll notice notes of maple, vanilla and caramel, balanced with pepper and floral tones.

	While The Rock’s premium tequila brand had gotten some raised eyebrows after its initial 2020, it’s since been embraced by bartenders and unpretentious sippers everywhere. The “ultra-premium highlands tequila” uses all the beverage buzz words, like “small batch production,” and “distilled in handmade copper pot stills.” 

	But beyond the hype, it’s a smooth, easy to drink option for a sub-$50 tequila; naturally sweetened with the rich aroma of mature agave plants, with a clean finish.The name, Johnson explains, was inspired by his Polynesian background. “TERA means of the Earth and MANA is our powerful Polynesian spirit that guides us. Spirit of the Earth,” he says.

	










	A new entry into the tequila market, El Negocio launched in 2023 by entrepreneur Nicholas Lutz and distinguished Napa winemaker Adam Craun. The idea: to create an ultra-premium, ultra-smooth tequila that marries the best of winemaking and distilling techniques. This is an all-around crowd-pleasing Blanco, too, with a wonderfully distinct flavor profile that’s at once rich and complex. Almost vegetal, notes of chili pepper spice, olive, and ripe stone fruit are balanced with aromas of citrus. 

	Though we prefer their Blanco as a sipping tequila, the flavor has enough bite to make for some beautiful cocktails, too. Everything is confirmed additive-free for a tequila that goes down smooth and silky. 

	One of the most-awarded bottles on our list, Dano’s Añejo Tequila is aged 18 months in virgin French white oak barrels and produced using 100% agave at a family-owned distillery that dates back to 1840. A small sip reveals aromas of roasted agave with woody notes, before the tequila opens up with hints of caramel, coconut and oak.

	Founded in Steamboat Springs, Colorado in 2018, Dano’s Tequila has won Best in Class Añejo at the 2020 San Francisco World Spirits Competition. Dano’s also won the Gold Medal in the 2019 Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America (WSWA) Tasting Competition, and the Double Gold and Gold in the 2018 SIP Awards. Think of this as the “cognac of tequila” — best for sipping neat, or with an ice cube.

	Another excellent economical option, if you’re hosting a party or large gathering, you’ll want to stock up on bottles of Espolòn. Made from 100% pure Weber Blue Agave harvested after seven to 10 years of growing, this tequila is clean and crisp, and perfect for making margaritas and other mixed drinks. You don’t get the same distinct flavor profile as some of the other bottles on our list, but for a refreshing, straightforward Blanco, this one is a no-brainer to pick up.

	If Espolòn is what you serve at your party, Don Julio Alma Miel is what you break out for the select few invited to stick around after the crowd leaves. This may be one of the priciest options on our list, but this top-shelf tequila is worth the premium price. At over $100, this is a spirit with a sleek-looking bottle and flavor profile worthy of its price.

	Made with rich, oven-roasted agave honey from the core of the plant and aged in French sweet wine casks, Alma Miel is more complex than most cristalino tequilas. A wildflower nose leads into notes of toasted stone fruits, black pepper and hintes of baking spices on the finish. Overall, it’s a wonderful homage to the legacy of Don Julio Gonzalez himself.

	










Siempre’s blanco tequila is deceptively simple – clean and crisp to start, with a floral and complex finish. Founded by three best friends in Canada, Siempre combines a unique flavor profile (think notes of pepper, sea salt/brine, sweet berries and candied citrus) with a traditional tequila making process using 100% agave.

	Great for sipping, Siempre is incredibly smooth and naturally sweet (I.e. none of the artificial additives that make you pucker); try it over ice for a refreshing summer tequila tasting too.

	Kristopher DeSoto was on a mission to create a more robust and expressive tequila than the kind usually found on U.S. shelves — and he succeeded. Hiatus uses a ground-to-glass method which combines traditional methods and modern technology, produced by master distiller, Luis Trejo Rodríguez at La Cofradía. The distillery actually sits on the edge of an extinct volcano, whose porous foundation acts as a natural filter for the spring water used to make their tequila.

	Hiatus has three award-winning expressions: Blanco, Reposado, and Añejo. The exceptionally smooth Blanco has a robust roasted agave taste and perfectly balanced finish that creates maximum sippability. With a clean and complex mouthfeel, it’s ideal for sipping neat. This is an unpretentious, no-nonsense tequila with nothing added, just 100% blue Weber agave. With notes of fresh-cut grass and tropical fruit, you can always have it in a cocktail, but this is a fantastic tequila to pair with dinner, or a good cheese plate.

	Widely considered by aficionados and critics alike to be one of the best master tequileros alive, Germán Gonzalez’s Tears of Llorona Extra Añejo Tequila mashes up classic tequila-making techniques and aging know-how for a bottle of tequila that tastes as unique as it looks. This rare, small-batch expression begins with late season agaves from near the volcanoes of Jalisco, which have a higher sugar content. They’re then aged in sherry, Scotch, and Cognac casks, maturing for a whopping five years — two years longer than is required for the extra añejo style. 

	This triple-barreling and ultra-long process might seem superfluous, but it pays off by creating a rich, complex palate and velvety texture that drinks more like a cognac. The Extra Añejo promises notes of black cherries, vanilla, honeysuckle and apples, leading to toffee and crème brûlée, while the vegetal agave takes a prominent role. It’s a bottle that’ll convert any whiskey lover to the world of tequila with one sip. 

	










	Although not technically tequila, Revel’s Avila should be on every tequila and mezcal fan’s radar. It’s a liquor made using 100% Weber Blue agave and a distillation process that combines techniques from both tequila and mezcal-making processes — most importantly, smoking and steaming the agave. This unique process creates a flavor profile that’s both familiar and brand-new: It’s light and fresh like great tequila, but also has a hint of the smokiness we look for with mezcal. This makes the Avila a great choice for solo sipping or mixing in cocktails. Plus, Revel offers a Reposado and an Añejo expression of the Avila, as well as the Blanco.

	With 11 generations of tequila-makers to their name, Maestro Dobel is no stranger to the spirits market, with an entire portfolio of smooth, easy-drinking tequilas available everywhere from country clubs to the finest restaurants in the world.

	We like the Maestro Dobel 50, a smooth and complex Extra Añejo Cristalino that’s aged in American and Eastern European oak barrels, then twice-distilled in copper pot sills. A final proprietary filtration process gives the cristalino the sparkling crystal-clear appearance from which it gets its name. On the nose, the Maestro Dobel 50 releases notes of fig and dried fruit, with hints of cinnamon and honey. The taste is equally flavorful, with added notes of pumpkin spice and clove on the palate before it gives way to a subtle herbaceous and vanilla finish.

	To celebrate the release, Dobel collaborated with the Mexico City-based design firm Onora on a custom hand-painted bottle stopper inspired by the traditional Mexican folk art craft known as “Amate.” Only 200 bottles were produced of the Maestro Dobel 50 Onora. For everyone else, the “regular” (but still beautifully bottled) Maestro Dobel 50 Cristalino Extra Añejo is available online

	Want to start sipping like a true tequila connoisseur? Here’s everything you need to know about what to look for when you’re buying tequila. 

	All tequila comes from the Tequila region of Mexico, and in order for a spirit to call itself “tequila,” it must be distilled from agave plants grown in that region.

	Another thing to look for aside: a four-digit number that represents each distillery’s unique code. The Norma Oficial Mexicana number (or “NOM”) is assigned by the Mexican government and certifies that the bottle you’re holding is authentic tequila produced in Mexico. It also tells you which tequila producer it comes from. Tequila Patrón, for example, has a NOM of 1492.

	










	If your bottle doesn’t have a NOM, that means it’s not certified by the TRC (Tequila Regulatory Council), and not an authentic Tequila producer.

	Just like whiskey, there are different types of tequila, that run the spectrum in terms of flavor, color and potency.

Silver (or “Blanco”) tequila is probably the most well-known, and it typically appears perfectly clear in the bottle. This is tequila that’s only aged for a few weeks, so it doesn’t have time to develop the color and characteristics that come from a longer aging process. Silver tequila is great to drink on its own, but it’s great for mixed drinks as well. It will typically taste sweeter and more refreshing, with a smooth, silky finish.

Añejo tequila can often be recognized by its rich, caramel color, and it must be aged for at least one year (though most are aged three years) to bear the “Añejo” name. This tequila is complex and full-bodied, and is recommended for sipping, though it works great for tequila-oriented takes on classic drinks like a Moscow Mule or Negroni as well.

Reposado tequila is also aged but the aging process can be anywhere from two months to 11 months. It has a smooth, even finish. It’s less harsh on the tongue and won’t give you as strong as a hangover… provided that you’re sipping responsibly of course.

	Don’t be fooled by the “gold” label on gold tequila. These are often referred to as a “Mixto,” where colors and flavors are added prior to bottling. These young tequilas are less expensive and typically used in bars and restaurants for making mixed drinks.

	Tequila comes from the agave plant, but not all tequilas are made with 100% agave sugar. In fact, many brands add artificial sugars or sweeteners to their tequila, which may taste good at first, but will leave you with a nasty hangover the next day. Look for bottles labeled “100%,” which denotes that it was made with 100% natural sugars from the agave plant.

	You’ve also probably seen flavored tequila, which is tequila infused with things like coconut, lime, strawberry or jalapeno. While they may be fun for a party or to use in mixed drinks, we recommend skipping these bottles the rest of the time and just drinking tequila straight up. Why mess with a good thing?





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Just like a fine wine, tequila also goes through an aging process. And just like wine, tequila can be aged in a number of different containers, from oak barrels to steel drums. Each aging process will bring out different flavors in your tequila, and result in unique flavor profiles that often call to mind whiskey or scotch. The aging process will also change the color of a tequila. While we may be used to drinking clear tequila, many expensive tequilas are more caramel in color, due to being aged in wooden barrels. Our suggestion: pick up a few different bottles with different aging processes to see which one you like best. This works as a great party idea too.

	










	Our editors have reviewed dozens of tequila brands over the last year, to come up with some of our favorite bottles, based on taste profile, uniqueness and value. And while there are a number of tequila brands that have launched in recent months, this list runs the gamut from tried-and-true brands, to new expressions from old favorites, and limited-edition releases that you’ll be smart to pick up if you see them available online. We’ve also included tequilas from a variety of prices points from under $50 to over $200, so there’s something for everyone. Several of these picks also come from our 2024 Spirit Awards, where the tequila category (amongst others) was vetted and taste-approved by spirits review expert, Virginia Miller.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.