Jelly Roll played his very first show in Canada this week. Because of his felony record, Jelly hasn't been able to travel to Canada, but the red tape has cleared, and he's playing there for the first time.
At a concert in Toronto, Jelly told the Canadian crowd, "Technically, this week is officially my international debut. Man, let me tell you something. Everything's been great."
He continued, "Cover the kids' ears, but the weed has been incredible. And the people have been great. I mean, I never had poutine until yesterday. I went to Smoke's (Poutinerie, a Canadian chain). It was fire."
He concluded, "I'm sorry I was late to the party, but I will take it home and make it a tradition to throw gravy on my fries. It was fire."
During a different show in Toronto (7/10), Jelly had a special surprise guest shocking the crowd by bringing out the Backstreet Boys' A.J. McLean. The pair sang a duet rendition of the boy band's classic "I Want It That Way."
RELATED: Jelly Roll Joins Eminem On Stage In Michigan
Jelly's wife, Bunnie Xo, recently fought back against hateful fans commenting on the couple's surrogacy journey to have a baby together.
Bunnie shared a screenshot on her Facebook with a comment from a user who said that "carrying the child is so much more of the natural experience of motherhood."
She captioned the comments, "This is so gross. You guys think I don't want to carry because of my body, lol. When in actuality, I'm scared to because I've had two ectopic pregnancies and miscarriages, AND at my age, I do not want to go through that again, nor do we have time for me to do that because our life is happening so fast."
Bunnie continued, "Please watch how you say things to people online. You aren't in their shoes, you haven't fought their battles, and you know nothing of the journey we've been through, only what we've told you."
She concluded, "This right here is exactly why I won't be posting our journey anymore."
The couple, who have been married since 2016, have no children together. Jelly has a teenage daughter and a son from previous relationships.
In September (2023), Jelly Roll and his wife Bunnie renewed their wedding vows in the same Las Vegas chapel they were married in seven years ago. Jelly posted a video montage of the moment on TikTok. Bruno Mars's song "Marry You" was played in the background of the video.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!