e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
After more than 75 years in action, the Longs Peak Chorus is a well-oiled acapella machine.
As one of the longest-standing chorale ensembles in the West, the Longmont-based chapter of the Barbershop Harmony Society has been bringing songs and stories to the Front Range since its inception in 1948.
This weekend, audiences can catch the storied chorus in action at their May 18 Spring concert, titled “Our Fondest Dreams,” at the Stewart Auditorium in Longmont.
For those who are unfamiliar, Barbershop choruses perform without instrumental accompaniment, relying on the singers’ voices to create rich, layered harmonies. The result is typically a hair-raising experience — literally — as the volume of the combined singers tends to cause goosebumps.
While barbershop-style concerts and music are not as popular as they once were back in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the all-male members of Longs Peak Chorus are keeping the tradition alive. The group is made up of around 40 local amateur singers, who, according to Bruce Sellnow, assistant director of Longs Peak Chorus, just want to share their hobby with the world.
“Back in the day, music was something that we all participated in, both as performers and as listeners,” Sellnow said. “When you heard songs on the radio or you went to shows, you could sing those songs as an onlooker. The music and the songs used to resonate with people because they could be a part of the music as well. When you fast forward to today, it’s a lot more difficult. If you’re listening to Bruno Mars or whoever it is on the radio today it’s not really songs that you can sing along to because they’re super complex, or the singers are very technical and talented.”
“The message that we have at Longs Peak Chorus is to come join us and come sing with us. When you come to the concert, you’re going to be entertained, but the guys who are up on stage aren’t professional signers from Hollywood . We’re just from the area, and this is just a hobby for us. You can do things as a hobby, and you can still do them well. We would love to have you come see what it’s like.”
This year, the chorus will be performing songs revolving around themes of love, dreams and inspiration, culminating with an uplifting rendition of “When You Wish Upon a Star” from the 1940 animated film Pinocchio.
“One of the great things about barbershop are the lyrics of the music and the stories that can be told with the song,” said Sellnow. “I’m quite a big fan of talented songwriters personally, for instance people like Sara Bareilles and Ed Sheeran. When they write lyrics, they truly mean something, and that is the hallmark of the barbershop style. We sing stories with a lot of meaningful content in the words and lyrics in our songs …”
“We hope that people leave the show feeling renewed,” he added.
Longs Peak Chorus will also be joined by a new male and female barbershop chapter out of Fort Collins called Harmony Road, award-winning quartet Sunday Night Social, as well as by the all-female quartet The Sweet Adelines.
Audiences can check out “Our Fondest Dreams” at two different showtimes on May 18, one at 2 p.m. and the other at 7 p.m. Longs Peak Chorus is also set to perform a secondary concert in Loveland on June 1. For more information and tickets, visit https://www.longspeakchorus.org/.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group