Jersey Evening Post

					Jersey Evening Post				
Beyonce has returned to the NFL half-time stage on Christmas Day, bringing out surprise musical guests Post Malone, Shaboozey and her daughter Blue Ivy Carter, in her first live performance since the release of country-themed album Cowboy Carter.
The US superstar took to the stage for her hometown performance at Houston’s NRG Stadium, for the game between the Houston Texans and Baltimore Ravens – which was live-streamed on Netflix.
Beyonce opened her 13-minute set riding a white horse into the stadium while singing 16 Carriages and Blackbird – adorned in white feathers, a white cowboy hat and a sash which read “Cowboy Carter”.
Look at that horse. pic.twitter.com/2AtteP5lZk
— BEYONCÉ (@Beyonce) December 25, 2024
Arriving at the main arena, she changed into white glittering chaps in an ode to Texas, performing with a huge ensemble orchestra and dance crew on bleachers before US singer Shaboozey appeared to duet on their track Sweet Honey Buckiin’ from her latest album.
Beyonce moved across the field to a truck covered in denim where Post Malone was waiting in blue jeans and a white blazer, before duetting on their hit track Levii’s Jeans.
The superstar closed the set with her UK number one track Texas Hold ‘Em, where her daughter Blue Ivy appeared as her lead dancer with a matching Cowboy Carter sash.
Beyonce told the audience: “I am so honoured to be in Texas right now. It is only right that we do Texas Hold ‘Em for the first time in Texas at Christmas.”
Netflix dubbed the performance “Beyonce Bowl”.
The Texan singer performed at the Super Bowl half-time show in 2013, treating fans to a Destiny’s Child reunion – bringing out Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams.
EVERYBODY ON MUTE. #BEYONCEBOWL STARTS NOW. #NFLonNetflix https://t.co/5rdLMF76xX pic.twitter.com/wUbLJOYpaC
— Netflix (@netflix) December 25, 2024
She returned to the Super Bowl three years later for a star-studded half-time show alongside headliners Coldplay and guest Bruno Mars – performing a medley of hits for the event’s 50th anniversary celebrations.
Ahead of her Christmas Day performance, Beyonce made a playful nod to the glitches experienced during Netflix’s Mike Tyson and Jake Paul boxing match in November, sharing an Instagram video of herself preparing for the show which goes on to buffer.
Netflix jokingly changed its X bio to read: “Roasted by Beyonce 12.24.24.”
It comes as lawyers for Beyonce’s husband Jay-Z attempt to have a rape lawsuit dismissed, as he denies all allegations against him.
The US rapper previously claimed he was at the centre of a “blackmail attempt” after a lawsuit was filed accusing him and Sean “Diddy” Combs of drugging and raping a 13-year-old girl at a party after the MTV Video Music Awards in 2000.
Days after the lawsuit was filed, the family stepped out at the US premiere of Mufasa: The Lion King to celebrate their 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy’s acting debut, voicing Simba and Nala’s daughter Kiara in the prequel.
Fans have been anticipating a new project from Beyonce, who initially released Act i: Renaissance in July 2022, which she took on her first world tour in seven years.
She later revealed it was part of a three-act project, announcing the second act titled Cowboy Carter during the Super Bowl in February.
The superstar appeared to tease that an announcement would be made on January 14 as the figures 1.14.25 flashed up at the end of a video of her sitting on a white horse and waving a US flag, which was shared to social media.
Fans speculated online if this could mean new music or videos for the Cowboy Carter album are on the way, while others believed it could be a tour announcement.
The eighth studio album from the US pop star features duets with Miley Cyrus and Post Malone, covers of Dolly Parton’s Jolene and Beatles classic Blackbird, while country singers Willie Nelson and Linda Martell also star.
Beyonce led Grammy nominations for her chart-topping country music album, with nods for album of the year and best country album, while track Texas Hold ‘Em is up for the coveted record of the year, song of the year and country song of the year.
It comes after the US genre-expanding superstar made history in 2023 becoming the most decorated artist in Grammy history, picking up her 32nd gong.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Read the Homelife, Le Rocher and a whole host of other subjects like ranging from cycling to travel.
news@jerseyeveningpost.com