As an Amazon Associate, we earn commission from qualifying purchases.
In the 22nd Century, mankind has developed the technology that made manned missions to other planets a reality. Following these developments, the UN-led a treaty, signed by governments all over the globe, to start investments on building Colonies on our nearest planets as means of addressing the issues with overpopulation and lack of natural resources on Earth.
The treaty was a success and the program, codenamed Project: Colonies, produced inhabited colonies in several planets, the first of which Project: Mars, followed by Project: Venus and Project: Jupiter.
After going unresponsive for several weeks, the First Colony sends a distress signal to the UN on Earth which, in response, sends a group of Enhanced Elite Space Marines, led by Lt. Anna “Charlotte” Right, to identify the source of the signal and find out what happened to the Colony.
Inspired by the great hallmarks of the Metroidvania subgenre (such as Super Metroid, Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Guacamelee!), players make use of their enhanced abilities to traverse the large interconnected world of the Colony while fighting fierce enemies and challenging bosses with both melee and long-range combat techniques.
Qubyte Interactive announced that Mars 2120 will release August 1, 2024.
“It’s finally time to take off. We're very excited to reveal the launch date for MARS 2120! It's a small step for Sergeant Charlotte, but a giant step for QUByte interactive!” said Bruno Carvalho, associate & game designer at QUByte Interactive. “This has been a passion project of ours that we’ve been working on for the past five years. We’re a small, independent team and we’re incredibly proud of what we’ve accomplished. We can’t wait for players to get their hands on the game in 1.0 when it releases on August 1st.”
QUByte Interactive is looking to bring an experience that will reflect most of the greatest characteristics in a Metroidvania game. The exploration and map knowledge will be crucial in Mars 2120, such as unlocking new abilities, powers and upgrades in order to face the next challenge.
Powered by the Unreal Engine 4, Mars 2120 features variuos unique aspects, one of them being the melee combat alongside the ranged. The player will be able to perform combos, combining different moves, powers and abilities. Skills and moves may affect different  enemies in different ways. Each enemy and boss requires the player to know which approach will work better against it, creating a unique challenge for each one them, especially in boss fights.
Charlotte abilities aren’t exclusive to combat, platforming, traversal sections and backtracking are also a high aspect of the core gameplay of the game, expanding it to different things to do, making the player feel that they are not making the same thing over and over again.
Key Features:
Currently available through Steam Early Access, Mars 2120 is coming to Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S and PC (Epic Games Store / Steam) on August 1, 2024.