Read the below for any man with a Libra sun or Libra rising sign, and find even more information on Libra compatibility here.
And the award for the Most Attentive Boyfriend goes to… the Libra man! Don’t believe us? The proof is in the paparazzi shots.
See Libra Travis Kelce fly to Singapore for Sagittarius Taylor Swift to attend, in his words, “two amazing shows of the Eras tour.” Watch Libra A$AP Rocky proudly record pregnant Pisces Rihanna during her Super Bowl performance. And catch Libra Barry Keoghan vibing out to Taurus Sabrina Carpenter’s Coachella set as she gives him a sultry wave from the stage.
In short: The Libra man loves to love. He’s ruled by Venus, the planet of romance, beauty, and pleasure. Dressed to kill, he’s always down for a couple fashion moment. And don’t get mad at him for being so photogenic—with his fine and balanced features, the camera loves him.
He’s here to make you swoon, but sorry to report, he’s not doing it for your pleasure alone. Romance charges him up, too. As one of the zodiac’s four power-loving cardinal signs—along with Aries, Cancer, and Capricorn—he gets a thrill out of directing the action.
 When Libra Bruno Mars sings, “Strawberry champagne on ice / Lucky for you, that’s what I like,” we actually believe him. No surprise a man born under this sign would have a catalog of wedding songs and bedroom bangers. Even though he has never walked down the aisle himself, the “Marry You” singer has us wrapped around his manicured finger.
While there are notable exceptions, in general, Libra men take their time before committing fully to relationships. To wit, Mars has yet to wed his long-term girlfriend, model Jessica Caban, who he’s been with since 2011. So don’t rush Libra, please. His timeline can be long and languid, no matter how eager he presents. Perhaps this is due to the fact that once Libra is in, he’s in. Look at Snoop Dogg, who’s been married to high-school sweetheart Shante Broadus since 1997.
If you want to get a Libra man to surrender to a real-deal relationship, there’s one rule to follow: Never pressure him. It was Libra Oscar Wilde who said, “The very essence of romance is uncertainty.”
Ruled by the sign of the scales, Mr. Libra likes to weigh his options. No matter that he scored you a dinner at Nobu Malibu, brought you a hand-tied bouquet on your second date, and sends you nightly poetic texts. If you grill him too intensely about “the future,” he will tip in the opposite direction and ghost.
As one of the three air signs, along with Gemini and Aquarius, Libra needs to know that he can blow around in the breeze without confinement. A Libra can feel stuck and claustrophobic the minute any restrictions are placed on him. As such, his partners would be wise to adopt a permissive stance instead of a punitive one.
Fortunately, loosening up the reins allows Libra to step forward as a self-authorized cardinal sign. Generally, his noble character will shine. As the sign that rules justice, he believes in fair play. Treat him as an honorable citizen, and he’s likely to give you the same magnanimity in return. Treat him like a misbehaving child, and you’ll witness his bratty side, full stop.
His material desires can balloon, so track those expenses. Libra loves beautiful things, objects of luxury, and anything rare and expensive.  Libra loves to gift you luxe treasures too, making it all the harder to bring up words like “budget.”
With peacekeeping Venus as his ruling planet, Libra is more of a lover than a fighter. Yet, when it comes to protecting his people, don’t cross him. Same goes for rallying against social injustices (cue Libra Donald Glover’s “This Is America”) or sticking up for the underdog like Libra Mahatma Gandhi, who changed the world through non-violent resistance.
While the Libra man can be diplomatic and charming, he’s not prone to false flattery. Libra is the sign of the judge, and this dude will read you like a stack of library books if you ask him for his “honest opinion.” Libra Simon Cowell’s often brutally honest assessments have made him a sought-after judge since his days on American Idol.  
Bottom line: Patience is a virtue with the Libra fella. Of course, there’s a secondary benefit to this. Libra is the man with the slow hand—a patient, sensual lover with impressive stamina. We might have to wait for the next Taylor Swift album release before we get the full download, but if she keeps it Team Libra, her tortured poet days might be behind her for good.
Both Libra and Taurus are ruled by the planet Venus, which can make their relationship one long pleasure cruise. They’ll spoil each other and probably overspend at times, but the romance will be epic. Taurus’ practicality can keep Libra grounded in reality. Libra’s curiosity will keep the Bull from getting stuck in the mud.
There’s an electrifying attraction between these two cardinal signs, but it can turn into a power struggle. Glamorous Libra looks good on status-loving Capricorn’s arm, and Capricorn will appreciate Libra’s finely honed fashion sense. But their temperaments can be like night and day. Pleasure and relationships, which come first for Libra, are lower priority for Capricorn, who puts work and success above all else.
Pisces Daily Horoscope
Aquarius Daily Horoscope
Capricorn Daily Horoscope
Sagittarius Daily Horoscope
Scorpio Daily Horoscope
Libra Daily Horoscope
Virgo Daily Horoscope
Leo Daily Horoscope
Cancer Daily Horoscope
Gemini Daily Horoscope
Taurus Daily Horoscope
Aries Daily Horoscope
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.