ByMonica Mercuri
ByMonica Mercuri,
 Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: Ariana Grande attends the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards at Staples Center ... More on January 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, CA. (Photo by David Crotty/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images)
Ariana Grande is finally back with new music! The 30-year-old pop singer announced that she’s releasing her upcoming single, “yes, and?” on Friday, January 12.
“Yes, And?” marks Grande’s first solo music release in three years. The Wicked actress shared the news on Instagram on Sunday, January 7. “yes, and? ♡ 1.12,” she penned in the post alongside what appears to be artwork for the upcoming project, which depicts a close-up of Grande with bright red lipstick.
The singer also shared a link to her Instagram story where fans can pre-save the anticipated single on Apple Music or Spotify.
Grande released her latest studio album, Positions, in 2020 (the deluxe version came out in January 2021). Since then, she has appeared on tracks with other artists, including the 2021 single with Kid Cudi on the Don’t Look Up soundtrack, a remix of “Save Your Tears” with The Weeknd in 2021, and the 2023 remix of “Die For You” from Starboy.
She also was featured on “It Was a... (Masked Christmas),” with Jimmy Fallon and Meghan Thee Stallion, and joined Kelly Clarkson’s “Santa, Can’t You Hear Me” in 2021.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 26: Ariana Grande attends the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards at STAPLES ... More Center on January 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Since the beginning of last month, the Thank U, next singer has shared numerous behind-the-scenes photos from the studio on Instagram. She published her latest album-related post on Dec. 27 with the caption, “see you next year ♡,” hinting that AG7 is coming in 2024. Artists like Selena Gomez, Billie Eilish, and SZA commented excitedly about the prospect of Grande releasing new music.
In December, she signed with new management months after making headlines for leaving her long-term manager, Scooter Braun. Grande is now represented by Brandon Creed’s Good World Management, according to Billboard. Creed, who represented Bruno Mars to Lizzo, left Full Stop Management this summer (which he combined with his own The Creed Company in 2017).
Grande will also star in the lead role of Glinda, the Good Witch, in Universal’s adaptation of the Broadway musical Wicked, which will hit theaters in November 2024.
"Yes, And?" will be available to buy or stream on Jan. 12.