e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The guests’ sense of anticipation as they paced the bridge toward the entrance of Inglewood’s Intuit Dome was palpable.
This $2 billion venue represents a significant investment in the future of live entertainment in Los Angeles. The sunlight reflects off its sleek exterior, with the bold letters of “Intuit Dome” standing out prominently.
Upon reaching the second floor, the stadium’s imposing facade comes into view, signaling the dawn of a new era for the city’s music and sports scenes. There is an unmistakable excitement in the air—a feeling that something significant is unfolding in Los Angeles history.
The Intuit Dome is more than just a venue; it’s an experience. With 17,700 seats, every aspect—from the meticulously crafted features where fans can adjust seat temperatures to the state-of-the-art acoustics and amenities—has been crafted to bring fans closer to the action.
Clippers chairman Steve Ballmer, who owns the venue, envisioned the Inuit Dome from the ground up.“His priority was always to create a space that was not only state-of-the-art but also deeply user-friendly. While technology plays a significant role, it was never meant to overshadow the experience. Instead, Steve wanted to use technology to ensure that every fan and guest feels as comfortable as possible,” shares Becky Colwell, VP of Music and Events at Intuit Dome, as she settles into one of the stadium’s seats. “And that’s precisely what we’ve achieved with every seat in this house.”
But as Ballmer likes to show and share, the real star of the show is the Halo Board—a full-acre video display featuring 233 million LEDs. It’s designed to deliver the most immersive visual experience, engaging fans and providing them with a comprehensive view of every moment.
SEE ALSO: Bass from Hard Summer musical festival in Inglewood rattles homes miles away
“There’s truly no limit to what we can do with the Halo Board,” Colwell gushed. “The possibilities are endless. From showcasing artists’ visuals and interactive games that engage fans to streaming movies and much more, it’s designed to be a central part of the experience. Steve envisioned this as a way to ensure that every fan, regardless of their seat, can feel like they’re right at the heart of the action. The best part is that no matter where you are in the stadium, it feels like you have a front-row seat.”
And it’s true. The Halo Board, encircling the arena like its namesake, maximizes the viewing experience for fans both above and below. This innovative design ensures that every seat benefits from the board’s sweeping visuals, creating an immersive environment where no spectator is left out. Whether you’re seated in what other venues might call the nosebleed section, or right up front with floor seats, the Halo Board’s dynamic display wraps around the arena, enhancing every moment of the game or show.
To complement, as fans settle into their seats, they’ll notice something distinct: each row is equipped with a charging port and an interactive game control panel. “These features are part of a larger effort to make every moment in the arena engaging and communal,” Colwell said.
Using a unique seat number, fans can see how they stack up against other fans in real time. This connection between fans, thanks to the Halo Board, creates a shared experience. The excitement is not just about what’s happening on stage or court, but also about the games you’re playing with fellow spectators.
By integrating these interactive elements, the Intuit Dome fosters a sense of togetherness and keeps the energy high throughout the event, ensuring that every fan feels connected and engaged.
Colwell further notes that the stadium’s layout has been thoughtfully designed to make rushing to the bathroom or grabbing a beer more convenient. Fans are never more than 60 seconds away from one of nearly 1,200 restrooms. The 20 frictionless and wireless concession stands nix the typical long lines, and ensure that grabbing a bite or a brewski is seamless and swift.
SEE ALSO: The artists who played El Monte Legion Stadium
The Dome Dozen menu, crafted by the Intuit Dome team in collaboration with 310 Provisions, did its best to reflect fan preferences. “We conducted an extensive survey that revealed 85% of attendees favored seven main items, so we made sure to feature exactly those items at every food stand throughout the stadium,” Colwell explained. “We know how frustrating it can be to run around at shows just to find a specific menu item. Our goal was to make everything as convenient and fan-friendly as possible, so now you can step outside from the arena and find your favorite food nearby.”
This insight guided the creation of a menu that includes offerings like the Clipper Dog and the Famous Sushi Dog. Each item is strategically placed within a two-minute walk from any seat, ensuring that fans can easily access their favorites without missing a moment of the action.
“We made sure to implement two new restaurants for our guests to experience that sit right outside the venue itself. I think the whole experience we wanted to bring to the community is that you have everything right here when going to a game or show,” Colwell said. “Which, in turn, makes everything less stressful. Again, it’s all about making sure we give our fans a seamless experience, everything we’ve done is always with the fans in mind.”
The Intuit Dome also pays homage to the local community with a special feature: glass-framed jerseys from nearly every high school team in California—1,544 and counting—adorn the walls. Fans can scan codes on these walls to locate their alma mater’s jersey. The tribute goes further, with a regulation court within the Dome, capable of seating around 700 spectators and available for high school games and events.
The grand opening is slated for August 15. The venue will kick off with two performances by 14-time Grammy-winning artist Bruno Mars, who began his career in Inglewood. This full-circle moment highlights the Dome’s deep connection to the local community. Following Mars, a diverse lineup of 31 concerts, including performances by Olivia Rodrigo and Peso Pluma, promises to cater to a wide range of musical tastes.
Exploring the Intuit Dome reveals it’s more than just an advanced arena for the NBA’s Los Angeles Clippers. Colwell’s team hopes that for fans and the community of Inglewood, the dome lives as a hub that serves to connect, offering a glimpse into the evolving future of what entertainment can be in Southern California.
“We’ve created something truly exceptional here, a venue that not only celebrates our community but also elevates the fan experience in unprecedented ways,” Colwell reflects. “When people ask me what the Intuit Dome represents, I often compare it to the Kia Forum. If the Forum embodies legacy, then the Intuit Dome, in one word, is the future.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group