Ronnie Wood, left, Steve Jordan, and Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones perform in 2024. (Photo by Amy Harris/Invision/AP)Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Note: After the posting of this story, it was announced Robert Cray would no longer be performing at the Muscle Shoals tribute concert.
As a kid growing up in New York, Steve Jordan loved Wilson Pickett’s strutting 1967 hit “Funky Broadway.” A cover of a Dyke & the Blazers track released the year before, Pickett cut his “Funky Broadway” at FAME Studios, the Alabama studio that defined Muscle Shoals’ country-funk sound.
“I used to listen to it over and over,” Jordan recalls. “There was something about that record. There was so much magic, and that’s what happens when great musicians get together in the environment of a great recording studio that makes you really comfortable and allows you to create.” The drummer on Pickett’s “Funky Broadway” was Roger Hawkins, of Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section, later known as The Swampers thanks to a shoutout in Lynyrd Skynyrd’s eternal 1974 southern-rocker “Sweet Home Alabama.”
In 2021, when Jordan became the Rolling Stones’ new drummer, you could hear the influence of Muscle Shoals music in the drive he gave the Stones on that band’s first ever tour without Charlie Watts, the London-founded band’s beloved gentleman percussionist.
In Jordan’s lithe and strong grooves, besides the Shoals in it you could also hear Watts, The Beatles, James Brown, jazz, Chicago blues, Memphis soul and Detroit R&B. “It’s a combination of everything I’ve listened to,” Jordan says. “But that part of Alabama is definitely in there.”
At the Nashville stop of their 2021 tour, the Rolling Stones rocked a stadium like most bands today can only dream of. The biggest reason was Mick Jagger. Although 78 at time, Jagger still sounded and moved great while singing Stones classics like “Tumbling Dice,” “Dead Flowers,” “Gimme Shelter” and “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction.”
Another reason the Stones remain such a potent live act: Jordan’s drumming. Watts’ jazz-tinged beats are as crucial to the band’s sound as Jagger’s tomcat delivery and Keith Richards’ bluesy-chunky guitar. Nearly 60 years prior, the Stones created the bad-boy rock-band archetype Aerosmith, Guns N’ Roses, Oasis and others have since repurposed.
Onstage in Nashville, Jordan’s drums gave Stones classics like “Start Me Up” and “Miss You” renewed vigor. It was clear he was the only person alive who could’ve done Watts -- who before passing recommended Jordan as his successor -- justice.
Besides getting the swing and saunter right, Jordan plays a Gretsch drumkit with the Stones, as his friend Watts did. Jordan’s also featured on most of the tracks on last year’s “Hackney Diamonds” album, easily the strongest Stones album since 1981′s “Tattoo You.” He also was behind the kit on the Rolling Stones’ well-received 2024 tour.
Mick Jagger, center, and Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones share vocals during the band's performance, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2021, at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, Calif. At left is touring drummer Steve Jordan. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
On Saturday at Orion Amphitheater, about an hour’s drive from the Shoals, Jordan will be the musical director for “65 Years of FAME and the Muscle Shoals Sound.” The concert will feature performers including: Blues legend Robert Cray, Americana sensations The War and Treaty and Maggie Rose, jam-band hero Robert Randolph, R&B icon Bettye LaVette, former Allman Brothers and Grateful Dead bassist Oteil Burbridge and Grammy-winning songsmith John Paul White, among others.
Jordan says for fans attending, “It’s not going to feel like any other show that they normally go to see, so they’re going to be affected in a way that they’re not being used to being affected.”
Tickets for the concert, which starts at 7 p.m. Saturday, are available via axs.com and Orion’s box office. Tonight, there’s a 7 p.m. pre-party at The Camp, a cozy outdoor venue located in the amphitheater’s shadows, within the MidCity development. The Camp event, which is free, will have music by Shoals covers combo The Shoal Nuff Band, with special guest vocals. More info at famestudios.com and explorethecamp.com.
In the late ‘70s, Jordan was a member of the Blues Brothers, the roots band fronted by actors John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd of “Saturday Night Live,” the legendary comedy-sketch TV show. Jordan played in the “SNL” house band, too. The Blues Brothers made a now-classic 1980 film, featuring musical cameos by the likes of Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, James Brown and Cab Calloway.
Asked about making music with Belushi, who died in 1982 at age 33, Jordan says, “John Belushi was not only was a very dear close friend, but, and this is very odd, he actually turned me on to some blues music that I wasn’t really totally aware of. Other artists besides Muddy Waters, that kind of thing. John loved Taj Mahal and he loved Albert King.
“It’s a very small world, because this guy, [the musician] Curtis Salgado, turned John onto a lot of Chicago blues stuff, because John’s from Chicago. And I think that Robert Cray had a relationship with Curtis Salgado or they played together, or something to that effect. That’s how Robert Cray ended up in [Belushi’s 1978 comedy film] ‘Animal House.’”
Jordan says, “The Blues Brothers turned on a generation of people who had never heard that music before, and it revitalized the entire marketplace of that music and the careers of the people who were geniuses but were on the like the downside of their careers. They got a boost, and they had a whole new audience.”
FAME Recording Studios in Muscle Shoals.
Jordan hopes Saturday’s concert will have a similar impact on Muscle Shoals music. In addition to songs recorded at FAME Studios, the show will highlight classics cut at Sheffield’s Muscle Shoals Sound, the studio The Swampers – drummer Roger Hawkins, bassist David Hood, guitarist Jimmy Johnson and keyboardist Barry Beckett -- founded in 1969. In December of that year, the Stones came to Muscle Shoals Sound to cut three tracks, including two of the band’s best ever: Country ballad “Wild Horses” and rocker “Brown Sugar.”
Jordan, who looks decades younger than his age of 67, checks in for our interview via phone from New York where he still resides. Five years or so ago during Grammy Awards week, FAME, now run by Rodney Hall, son of late studio founder and Shoals music architect Rick Hall, did a pop-up store in Greenwich Village. Jordan came by as a fan. At the pop-up, he and Rodney Hall connected. After that, Jordan began working with FAME’s marketing team for a Parkinson’s nonprofit. In addition, singer Bettye LaVette (who records for Jordan’s label Jay-Vee Records) has cut at FAME. “There’s a lot of connections with Steve,” Hall says. “He’s obviously a big soul music fan.”
Hall says the tribute concert performers “aren’t doing it for big paychecks. They’re definitely taking a taking a cut from what they normally get. It’s a grassroots thing. They’re doing it for a love of the music and to honor all the people who’ve worked on this stuff over the years -- the musicians and songwriters and producers and [recording] engineers and everybody involved.”
This music has enjoyed a resurgence following 2013 documentary film “Muscle Shoals,” which included interviews with stars like the Stones’ Jagger and Richards. Artists to have cut at FAME and Muscle Shoals Sound since include Gregg Allman, Steven Tyler, Demi Lovato and Chris Stapleton. Tribute concert performers War and Treaty and Maggie Rose have cut at FAME, too.
Hall says the constant line through Shoals music is soul: “The music’s authentic, the vocals are believable, and all the songs. You don’t hear a lot of digital effects and synthesizers. It’s music made by humans.”
Asked what his dad Rick Hall would think about this music still resonating 65 years after FAME launched, Rodney Hall says, “Man, I think he would be proud, for sure. And I think he’d be amazed that it’s happening.”
FAME Studios was also where current country-rock star Jason Isbell got his start, as a house songwriter before finding notoriety with Drive-By Truckers and then bigger fame as a Grammy-winning solo artist. Isbell’s prepping for his annual run of shows at Nashville’s Ryman Auditorium, which begin next week.
In addition to listed performers, Saturday’s tribute concert will feature surprise guests. Jordan says he’s spoken recently with Isbell, a Shoals native now based in Nashville. “We had a great conversation,” Jordan says. “We’re trying to pull him in, and he definitely wanted to be involved. So we’ll see what happens with his schedule. He’s working hard to try and free up.”
One of the biggest joys of the tribute concert will be hearing the stirring vocals of Bettye LaVette, a favorite of stars from George Jones to Jon Bon Jovi. She first made a mark with 1965 hit “Let Me Down Easy.” A Michigan native now residing in New Jersey, LaVette remains a pistol. She opened for the Stones this year at the band’s Chicago concert.
She first came to Muscle Shoals in early 70s, when she cut an album backed by The Swampers at Muscle Shoals Sound. That album included a hot version of “It Ain’t Easy,” a Ron Davies penned song David Bowie recorded for Bowie’s landmark ‘72 disc “The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars.” But LaVette’s Shoals album, which would’ve been her first solo LP, was shelved at the time by her then label. It was finally released in 2006 as “Child of the Seventies.”
“When I went [to Muscle Shoals] the first time,” LaVette says, “they had a tin roof, and when it rained really hard, we couldn’t record.” They rolled tape though as she and a pianist rehearsed “Souvenirs,” a standout ballad written by John Prine. “And they liked it, and they never let me change it,” LaVette recalls. “They spent hours getting that rain sound out of it, and then they added everything else to it.”
LaVette cut her 2007 Grammy-nominated album “The Scene of the Crime” at FAME, backed by rock band Drive-By Truckers, led by singer/guitarist Patterson Hood, son of Swampers bassist David Hood. “Patterson tells everyone that I told him on the way from the airport that I wasn’t going to be listening to all those twanging guitars. I don’t remember that,” LaVette recalls with a cackle. “But what I tell everyone is that since I recorded with their parents they listened to me, and they did everything that I asked them to do. And when they didn’t, I poked my mouth out and cussed. But they were so good, and it’s some of my favorite work.”
Of working with Jordan, who produced her recent records, LaVette says, “He’s who I’ve looked for my entire career. It’s just unfortunate that I didn’t meet him when I was younger. He’s done some wonderful work for me, and I am so grateful to him.”
Jordan and Cray previously worked together on “Hail! Hail! Rock ‘n’ Roll,” the 1987 Chuck Berry documentary, which Keith Richards coproduced. Jordan then coproduced and played drums on Richard’s 1988 debut solo album “Talks Is Cheap,” widely regarded as the best Stones solo disc. Jordan also coproduced and drummed on Richards’ strong ‘92 album “Main Offender” and the guitarist’s most recent solo effort, 2015′s “Crosseyed Heart.” Those collaborations led to Jordan later joining the Stones.
“Keith is one of the most honest and passionate musicians I’ve ever worked with,” says Jordan, whose long list credits range from Eric Clapton, Bob Dylan and Stevie Nicks to Beyonce, Alicia Keys and Bruno Mars. “So when we make a music there’s no agenda other than making the best music possible. There’s not, ‘Oh we need a have a hit’ or ‘Let’s listen to this and borrow that so that we can have a hit.’ It has nothing to do with any of that.
“He [Richards] really loves music, and that makes it fun to ‘go to work.” Because that person you’re working with would rather do nothing else, besides being with his family, of course. But that’s it. That’s all he wants to do.”
Asked for his favorite song to play live with The Stones, Jordan immediate answers “Midnight Rambler,” the band’s 1969 blues-opera.
“It’s the tune that allows them, in my view, to be called the World’s Greatest Rock and Roll Band,” Jordan says, referencing a long-standing Stones tagline. “Without playing that song, the statement might be in question. But when you hear that performance it’s got everything from jazz, because of the improvisational aspect of the playing, obviously it’s got blues, and full-on rock and roll. It’s got everything. It makes you dance, it makes you think, and it makes you feel a lot of stuff. That’s my primary beacon. I gravitate to players who have great feel.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices