Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Amy Dowden burst into tears of pride this weekend as she cheered on JLS star JB Gill on Strictly Come Dancing.
The Welsh star was forced to pull out of the show tonight, having been rushed to hospital after feeling ‘unwell’ following last weekend’s Halloween special.
It was then announced that Lauren Oakley, 33, who does not have a celebrity partner this series, would be standing in for her during Icons Week and performing with Amy’s partner JB.
The pair took to the dancefloor with their pre-planned Couple’s Choice to a Bruno Mars medley and earned an almost-perfect score of 39 from the judges.
Ahead of the routine, Amy joined in the banter upstairs as Claudia Winkleman asked for an insight into training.
 Wake up to find news on your TV shows in your inbox every morning with Metro’s TV Newsletter.
Sign up to our newsletter and then select your show in the link we’ll send you so we can get TV news tailored to you.
Turning to Amy, Claudia asked: ‘You three did this together this week, didn’t you?’
To which the dancer replied: ‘Yeah, it’s been a real dream team, even to the point where Lauren put in our chat, “J, do you want a coffee?” To which I replied, “Yes, you’ll have a vanilla latte”.’
With the help of Amy in a choreographer role, the trio declared themselves the ‘dream team’, as the 34-year-old watched on, fingers crossed, as JB and Lauren smashed it out of the park with a street-style number.
Their routine earned them rapturous applause from the audience, leaving Amy in floods of tears as Lauren insisted the score was for all of them.
‘I am so grateful to you, Lauren,’ Amy said. ‘Thank you, Lauren, thank you, J, you two are just amazing. I just wish I was there with you.’
Amy, JB, and Lauren shared a joyous group hug as their co-stars celebrated them sitting joint-top of the leaderboard alongside Tasha Ghouri.
Taking to X after the performance, viewers were also full of emotion.
‘JB and Lauren smashed it! But Lauren’s humbleness overwhelmed me completely, giving all the credit to Amy and constantly wanting to include her when the scores came in’, tweeted Annieees_x.
User buttonidiots wrote: ‘JB getting his first 10s, Amy getting emotional, Amy and Lauren’s friendship ahhh I’m so emotional rn’.
‘I adore Amy she deserves the world and more’, added h_emzo.
‘Seeing Amy cry has made me cry lol. She should’ve been on that dance floor’, wrote EmzieLangan.
Ahead of the live show, Amy took to Instagram with a heartfelt supportive post.
Sharing a picture of JB and Lauren, she wrote in the caption: ‘Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight! I’m going to be your biggest cheerleader!’
Amy added to her partner directly: ‘JB it says everything how you’ve been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me!
‘I’m so lucky! You’re a STAR! I know what tonight means to you! Thank you!’
She also sent love to stand-in Lauren, writing: ‘Thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you! You know I’ve always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool Tower at 8 years old to tell you! Thank you darling!’
The trio appeared on Friday night’s episode of It Takes Two, with Amy also addressing her recent health scare and sharing an update.
‘I am feeling so much better, and I’d like to thank everyone for the love and support I’ve received,’ she said while smiling.
Viewers also said they were relieved to see her looking well, saying what a ‘lovely surprise’ it was to have her back on their screens.
Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Others insisted she would be greatly missed this weekend, but have been loving JB and Lauren’s temporary partnership.
After Amy took ill, a Strictly spokesperson shared: ‘Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well.
‘She is delighted that fellow professional dancer, Lauren Oakley, is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday’s show for JB Gill’s couple’s choice dance.
‘We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week.’
A spokesperson for the dancer also said the ambulance ‘was called as a precaution’.
‘She is feeling much better and would like to thank the Strictly family for their love and concern. We request Amy’s privacy in matters of health is kindly respected,’ they added.
Amy, who joined the series in 2017, was forced to miss last year’s series after being diagnosed with breast cancer and undergoing mastectomy and chemotherapy.
Meanwhile, Lauren, who does not have a celebrity partner this year, joined the BBC show in 2022.
Last year she was paired with Channel 4 News presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy, finishing in eighth place.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturday and Sunday on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Strictly Come Dancing viewers accuse contestant of ‘breaking rules’ while doing show first
Arrow
MORE: I’m A Celebrity’s star signing could secure Chris McCausland’s Strictly win
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy