Dec 6, 2024
Phat Cat Swinger, Hollywood’s favorite little big band, comes to Fredonia for “A Not So Silent Night” on Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. in King Concert Hall. It is a DFT Communi-cations Pops Series event presented by Rockefeller Arts Center.
Rockefeller Arts Center’s holiday pops tradition will be a swinging affair this season with Hollywood’s favorite little big band taking center stage at the State University of New York at Fredonia.
Phat Cat Swinger, an 11-piece ensemble that is a Disneyland California mainstay, performs “A Not So Silent Night” on Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. in King Concert Hall.
Tickets are available online 24/7 at https://www.fredonia.edu/about/ticket-office. Tickets may also be purchased from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Monday, Wednesday or Friday by phone at 716-673-3501 or in person at the Campus Ticket Office in the Williams Center during the same hours.
They say if Bruno Mars and Frank Sinatra made a band, it would look and sound like Phat Cat Swinger. The band specializes in high-energy music with that classic Hollywood touch. What sets them apart is the showmanship, movement, and creative takes on swing classics.
Led by founder Marco Palos, Phat Cat Swinger offers a unique blend of rock, swing and jazz in-fused with modern sensibilities.
The holiday show “A Not So Silent Night” features jazz-influenced takes on favorites like “Santa Claus is Coming to Town,” “The Most Wonderful Time of the Year,” “Mr. Grinch,” and many more.
Phat Cat Swinger has made a name for itself in Hollywood and has been featured in videos with Christina Aguilera and The Jonas Brothers. They appear at A-List shindigs at the Playboy Man-sion and JJ Abrams invited them to perform for his company, Bad Robot Productions.
When not on tour, Phat Cat Swinger can be found on the stages of Disneyland Resort performing re-imagined Disney classics and originals in the iconic Phat Cat sound.
“A Not So Silent Night” is a DFT Communications Pops Series event sponsored by Bahgat & Laurito-Bahgat, Certified Public Accountants as part of the 2024-25 Lake Shore Savings Season.
The last of the Lake Shore indoor flea markets took place the weekend of April 4 and 5. A huge thank you to our ...
Village plans brush pick up

The village of Fredonia will be picking up limbs and yard waste beginning Monday at 7 ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of New York, Inc. | https://www.observertoday.com | PO Box 391, Dunkirk, NY 14048 | 716-366-3000