Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden was visibly moved as her celebrity partner JB Gill scored his first tens of the series on Saturday night.
Professional dancer Lauren Oakley, who is not paired with a celebrity in this year's BBC One dance contest, stepped up to perform with JLS star JB, 37, after Amy, 34, became unwell during last weekend's filming.
Amy, who had a health scare that led to her missing Sunday's results show and being hospitalised, is reported to be "doing much better" and took a break from this week's competition. However, she was present in the studio on Saturday night to cheer on JB and her stand-in, Lauren.
In the latest episode, which featured an icons theme for the first time on the BBC One programme, the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional partners danced to tracks by legendary artists. For icons week, JB and Lauren, 33, chose a couple's choice routine set to a medley of Bruno Mars hits.
Following their performance, an emotional Amy held back tears, particularly as JB achieved his first tens of the series, earning a remarkable 39 points. Amy expressed her gratitude to Lauren, saying: "I am so grateful to you Lauren", and lamented: "I wish I was there with you, you were amazing!" reports Wales Online.
Amy received an outpouring of support on Twitter, with one viewer saying: "I adore Amy she deserves the world and more #strictly", another adding: "Seeing Amy cry has made me cry lol. She should've been on that dance floor. #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly" and yet another posting: "Aww Amy #Strictly" accompanied by heart emojis.
Before the performance, Amy sent her best wishes to JB and his stand-in dance partner Lauren for Saturday's live show.
In an Instagram post, Amy expressed: "Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight. I'm going to be your biggest cheerleader. @jbgill it says everything how you've been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me. I'm so lucky. You're a star."
"I know what tonight means to you. Thank you. @laurenmayoakley thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you. You know I've always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool Tower at eight years old to tell you. Thank you darling."
"@lizzie.gough you for choreographing such a brilliant routine! Love it. Thank you. Also a big thank you for all the love and support I've received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped. Now tune into the first ever Icons week on Strictly."
On Monday, a spokesperson for Strictly said: "Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well."
"She is delighted that fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday's show for JB Gill's couple's choice dance. We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week."
This year, the dancer made a triumphant return to the competition following her battle with stage three breast cancer, which included undergoing a mastectomy and chemotherapy. In February, Amy shared the uplifting news that tests showed she has "no evidence of disease".
Strictly Come Dancing is on BBC One and BBC iPlayer
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.