Jack Roskopp, Social Media Producer 
Published: May 8, 2024 at 7:51 AM
Updated: May 9, 2024 at 10:27 AM
Jack Roskopp, Social Media Producer 
It’s time for the semifinals!
After multiple rounds of voting, we only have four songs left that have survived. Can you believe it? And honestly, these are all songs that are so fun to dance to at weddings!
Recommended Videos
In our first matchup, it’s “The Cupid Shuffle” up against “Don’t Stop Believing” by Journey. They’re both such different songs, but so fun to dance to at a wedding!
The other matchup is “Uptown Funk” by Bruno Mars and “September” by Earth, Wind and Fire. I’m not sure how you pick between the two! They are both such good songs, and always a good time to dance to at a wedding.
Voting for round four of the bracket starts on Tuesday, May 7. The results from round four will be announced on Thursday, May 9 -- the same day that voting for the finals begin! So make sure you come back to this page to see the winners of round one, and make sure you vote in the rounds after that!
Copyright 2024 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Jack is a Digital Content Editor with a degree in creative writing and French from Western Michigan University. He specializes in writing about movies, food and the latest TV shows.
email
Recommended Videos
Email Newsletters
KSAT RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
KSAT Internships
Careers at KSAT
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (210) 351-1200
At KSAT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 KSAT.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.