Dianne Buswell has told Chris McCausland what she thinks is a 'win' after they made it through to week eight of Strictly Come Dancing after the latter seemingly feared for their place in the show.
The duo were initially seen back in the ballroom on Saturday night (November 2) after making it through to week seven following a tricky time during the previous week's Halloween special.
This weekend, it was another themed week in the BBC One dance contest as for the first time ever, Icons Week took place and saw the remaining couples take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band with George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars among them.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing's Sam Quek shares 'sobering reminder' as she breaks silence on exit
For their performance, comedian Chris and professional dancer Dianne delivered a Tango to rock band KISS' hit Rock and Roll All Nite, in which they sported dark mirrored outfits and eye makeup reminiscent of the rock band.
Chris and Dianne ended up scoring 29 points out of a possible 40 which didn't go down well with viewers who wanted more for the couple, who are among the favourites to lift the Glitterball trophy this year.
However, during Sunday night's (November 3) results show, it was confirmed that Chris and Dianne had received plenty of public support and have made it through to another week of Strictly's 20th-anniversary series.
Reflecting on the news, Dianne took to Instagram and said alongside pictures of the pair in dancing action on the dance floor said: "Once again I want to thank you all for your support and votes it really is so special that you are appreciating what we are doing."
She added: "And Chris, my partner, my friend, I’ll never stop telling you how proud I am of your growth in this show for us it’s not about being the best it’s about doing our very best that’s all we can do and that is a win for us."
Chris was then quick to respond as he shared why he's feeling more pressure about their progress in the competition as time goes on. He said: "Well here we are, one show away from Blackpool and two shows away from Dianne's parents getting to see her dance in person. Thank you so much to everybody that voted. I'm feeling really good about next week - see you tomorrow boss."
And it didn't take long for fans to show their support. @emholli said: "Together you are doing something phenomenal. Keep making history, you two! Sending love and support from Down Under!" @girlracer68 replied: "You WILL go to Blackpool." @trudibridgeman_designs added: "Just an epic partnership - onwards and upwards."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.