On June 4, 2024, the second episode of “America’s Got Talent” season 19 aired with a new group of auditions and Golden Buzzer recipients. Host Terry Crews welcomed back judges Simon Cowell, Howie Mandel, Heidi Klum and Sofia Vergara, with performances from this diverse group.
But who were the best acts from this episode? And did any move forward that shouldn’t have? Below we rank the nine acts who advanced from worst to best. Do any of Tuesday’s acts have what it takes to win the million dollars this year?
SEE 'America's Got Talent' season 19: Who was your favorite act from 'AGT' Auditions 2? [POLL]
Season 19 Episode 2 rankings:
9. Ashes & Arrows: For the first time this season, an act received enough votes to move on to the next round and it just happens to be these three guys who seem genuinely nice. It pains me to say this, but they sounded super generic, and the song was a bit forgettable. They could do well with the country music voting base and the newfound fans that were already vowing to vote for them. I agreed with Howie on this one and will predict that if they are to make the live rounds…they will be overshadowed by bigger and more exciting acts.
8. Hakuna Matata Acrobatic: As any Disney fan knows, “hakuna matata” means no worries, but with tricks like this, the group makes me worry on their behalf. You might say their “problem free philosophy” is equal parts exciting and terrifying. There were too many mistakes for me say that I would have advanced them to the next round, but the judges really seem to have faith in them.
7. Liv Warfield: After years in the music industry, this singer might have just had the biggest break in her career. How Liv has not been a star already baffles me as she is a great combination of Bruno Mars and Tina Turner. Vocally, she is in a lane of her own as the only singer I can think of that she sounds a bit like is the late, great "Queen of Rock 'n' Roll." A Golden Buzzer well deserved to say the least. I think she is finale-bound already -- the other singers in the competition are not nearly as exciting to watch.
6. NiNi: At first, I was iffy about NiNi, but after the first instrument change…. I was sold. She is insanely talented, and I was wowed by her ability to rock that stage. Never in 19 seasons have I seen an act like this on the show. Count me in as a fan already and I would bet we see her in the live rounds. The reception on social media was universal praise, which would bode well for her as well.
SEE 'America's Got Talent' winners list: All seasons, plus spin-offs
5. Bao Cuong: Historically, acts like this either freak me out or become very amusing to me with no in-between. Bao falls into the latter as he just might be the calmest danger act I have ever seen. I would love to know how he discovered these talents, but honestly this was the most amusing act in terms of danger in recent seasons that somehow manages to not turn my stomach. While it was not quite a party to me, I am crossing my fingers that he makes the live rounds as the reaction from the crowd and judges were equally entertaining. Consider me a fan and afraid for him all at once if the danger level increases. Party in the USA indeed!
4. Chrisyius Whitehead: Kicking off the show with a jolt of energy, this child musician also won over the judges’ hearts with his desire to share his winnings…if he were to do so. I was genuinely shocked to see that he was that good and I couldn’t help but wish that Travis Barker and Ringo Starr sees this audition. He would love to play with those legends I think. Normally, acts like this make me think “they would do well in the live rounds” but this time, I thought “He will thrive in the live rounds.”
3. Phillip Lewis: Baton twirling was never exciting to me before, but after seeing a few acts do well on "AGT" and the "Got Talent" franchise across the globe I am a fan. Phillip is a showman at heart and nailed every trick. He also reminded me of Big E from WWE meets Todrick Hall, which is a combination that I did not realize I needed to see until then. I would love to see him in the live rounds.
2. Sky Elements: I do not know what scares me more: that I enjoyed a drone act or they gave me an idea for Christmas lights in December that just might outshine my neighbors. The act was brilliantly executed and I think it would make one heck of a Vegas show. A well-deserved Golden Buzzer that could very well win this season if the social media reaction translates into votes.
1. Sabrina: Easily my favorite act of the night, this dance group blew my mind. They were creative and nailed the routine. In a weird way, I was reminded of the winners of season 17, Mayyas, as they brought the same electricity to the stage. Social media loved it as much as the judges, which was a bonus. Even Howie, a notorious critic of dance acts couldn’t find a flaw. How they did not receive a Golden Buzzer is just baffling.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Sky elements was the best of the night.   The guy hanging stuff from his eyes creeped me out.
I liked Liv.  She was excellent and I think she has a chance to win the whole competition.  The others were good too but I think she was the best.
The judge  get two golden buzzer this season.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media