Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden will not be returning to the BBC series this year. The professional dancer made a return to the dancing competition this year after undergoing treatment for breast cancer.
Amy, 34, had been partnered with JLS star JB Gill. However, a Strictly spokesperson said Amy will not return to this year's series as she focuses on her recovery following a foot injury.
JB will now be paired with professional Lauren Oakley, who had been without a celebrity this year and stepped in to replace Amy on last weekend’s show. A spokesperson for Strictly said: “Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year. Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley will step in as JB’s dance partner.
“The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes.”
The news was announced on Monday evening during the show’s spin-off programme, Strictly: It Takes Two. On Saturday, Amy watched in the studio as JB and Lauren danced to a Bruno Mars medley and earned the joint highest score of this year’s series.
Amy had been taken ill during the live show the previous weekend and missed the Sunday results programme. She was taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a “precaution” after “feeling unwell”, a spokesman for Amy said at the time.
Last year, Amy found a lump in her breast while on her honeymoon in the Maldives with fellow professional dancer Ben Jones, and was unable to compete on Strictly. After treatment for stage three breast cancer, she announced in February that tests showed she had “no evidence of disease”.
The Welsh dancer has documented both her cancer journey and living with Crohn’s disease on a number of BBC shows. She fronted the BBC programme Strictly Amy: Crohn’s And Me, which she said helped her “accept” her own condition for the “first time ever” after meeting other people with the bowel disease.
Amy, who was admitted to hospital in Manchester following a Crohn’s flare-up during the 2022 Strictly live tour, said the BBC show encouraged her to front Strictly Amy: Cancer And Me in which she spoke about her fertility and health issues.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.