Paris Hilton channeled her longtime friend Britney Spears for Halloween 2024, making it the second year in a row she has rocked an iconic look from the “...Baby One More Time” singer.
Oops… Paris Hilton did it again.
The “Stars Are Blind” singer channeled Britney Spears’ iconic schoolgirl look from her 1998 music video for “...Baby One More Time” for Halloween, it marked the second year in a row Paris honored her longtime friend.
In photos shared to Instagram Oct. 31, the Simple Life alum—who has been friends with Britney since the early aughts, even attending the Grammy winner’s 2002 wedding to Sam Asghari—ditched her signature platinum locks for a dark blonde ‘do arranged in braided pigtails, which were held in place by fuzzy pink hairbands. She also rocked a white button down shirt tied across her torso to reveal her chest and midriff.
Paris completed the look by sporting a gray cardigan and matching gray mini-skirt with black knee-high stockings and INGILIZ platform pumps.
To really get into the true spirit of Britney’s 1998 smash hit, Paris posed in front of pink lockers, as well as school desks, to replicate the “...Baby One More Time” music video. 
“It’s Britney b---h,” the 43-year-old captioned the post. “Love you icon.”
Clearly, Paris is a fan of recreating Britney’s iconic music videos. After all, she tapped into her 2003 hit “Toxic” for last year’s Halloween costume.
At the annual Casamigos Halloween party, where Jessica Alba also showed up in a different look from the same video, Paris sported an exact replica of the blue stewardess outfit—complete with a matching pillbox hat—Britney wore in the music video. 
And channeling fellow musicians is on brand for the Paris In Love star. Last Halloween, she also dressed as Katy Perry, wearing an all-red mushroom costume inspired by the “Roar” singer’s Las Vegas residency.
In photos shared to her Instagram in October 2023, the sultry costume consisted of a red latex bodysuit with fringed chaps and matching gloves. Paris also covered her blonde hair with a long, black wig.
To see what celebs wore for Halloween 2024, keep reading. 
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.