They’re literally *the* sign of relationships. 
Astrology can help us understand more about ourselves and the people we love/date/hopelessly crush on—no matter their gender. For more deets on Leo compatibility, check out our guide to dating a Libra woman and dating a Libra man.
Do you love a Libra? L’duh—of course you do! Libra wrote the book on romance! No, seriously: Libra literally represents partnership. Symbolized by the scales, Libra is obsessed with balance, harmony, and fairness. You’ll usually find Libra linked up with a boo—it’s their favorite vibe! But not so fast: Just because Libra is ready to ’ship doesn’t mean they’re the right partner for you—or you for them. Read on to discover what it’s really like to date a Libra.
Birthday: September 23 to October 22
Modality: Cardinal
Element: Air
Ruler: Venus
Represented by: The scales 
Tarot card: Justice
Keywords: Sociable, diplomatic, popular, stylish, relationship-oriented
Love anthem: "Leave the Door Open" by Silk Sonic
Famous Libras: Kim Kardashian, Bella Hadid, Bruno Mars, Halsey, Doja Cat, Will Smith, Serena Williams, Gwyneth Paltrow, Naomi Osaka, Cardi B, Donald Glover, John Mayer, Dakota Johnson, Zac Efron, Jimin, Tessa Thompson, Avril Lavigne, Snoop Dogg, Eminem
Venus—the planet of love, beauty, and values—governs two zodiac signs: Taurus and Libra. Taurus (an earth sign) manifests this physically, through indulgent, sensory experiences. Libra, on the other hand, expresses Venus’s romantic qualities in the only way an air sign knows how: intellectually. For Libra, love is an extremely cerebral experience. The fastest way to get to their heart is through their head—at the end of the day, every Libra is eager to find symmetry. So whether Libra is memorizing the formula for the golden ratio, contemplating a painting at an art gallery, or becoming some sort of fine wine sommelier, they’re committed to living the elegant, harmonious life.
But you can’t harmonize during a solo—that’s the magic of a duet! Likewise, relationships are essential for Libras: They’re happiest when they can bounce ideas off a close companion, exploring all of life’s beautiful offerings arm-in-arm with their significant other. Spending time with your Libra lover can make you feel like a cultural connoisseur—after shopping at the coolest boutiques, you may find yourself checking out an avant-garde film at Libra’s favorite underground theater. No matter how Libra plans your date night, get ready to be impressed.
Not a huge fan of French New Wave cinema? No worries! Libra doesn’t need to see eye-to-eye with their lover. Guided by the scales (fun fact: did you know that Libra is the only inanimate object in astrology?), Libra delights in counter-balancing their partner’s interests. In the words of noted Libra Avril Lavigne, “He was a punk / She did ballet / What more can I say?” There’s something ~thrilling~ about the idea of two opposing forces coming together. Simply put, it’s just another opportunity for Libra to find equilibrium!
If you’re looking for a lover who speaks in “we,” look no further than Libra. Libra is always looking for balance: the peanut butter to their jelly, the Bert to their Ernie, the cream to their peaches. This air sign understands that healthy bonds require open discourse (this is perfectly displayed in Jada Pinkett Smith and Will Smith’s candid Red Table conversation—both Jada and Will are Libras!). Relationships require hard work and likewise, Libra isn’t afraid to discuss the importance of relationships.
It’s also important to keep in mind that the symbol of the scales aren’t only used to represent Libra; they also represent the judicial system. Likewise, Libra is committed to objectivity. This air sign wants to understand all sides of a situation, weighing each perspective fairly and evenly (Kim Kardashian, a Libra, has really leaned into this vibe by pursuing a career as an attorney). Sounds ideal? Well, maybe in the courtroom. But in romantic relationships, however, this impartiality can definitely create some serious problems.
First, Libra’s nonstop balancing act makes it difficult—sometimes impossible—for Libra to make a decision. This can be especially challenging during conflict. Rather than make the “wrong choice,” Libra may try to stall or postpone the inevitable. In fact, Libra has such a hard time making a concrete decision that they often need to consult with a third party. So don’t be surprised if your Libra is constantly seeking advice from their friends or family: This is a critical part of their decision-making process.
Another aspect to Libra’s impartiality is that they hate playing favorites. It wouldn’t be fair if only certain people received special treatment! As a social creature, it’s very important to Libra that they’re well-liked by everyone. In the context of a monogamous relationship, however, that can be a pretty major issue: Libra’s insatiable desire to maintain connections means that Libra’s lover isn't given any preferential treatment compared to their other close companions. What’s more, Libra is known to be quite flirtatious—not because they intend to do anything deceitful… they just love to flaunt their signature charm! So, if you’re the type of lover who demands undivided attention (I’m looking at you, Cancer), you’ll need to consider whether partnering with a Libra is the right choice.
Libras are the aesthetes of the zodiac; they’re obsessed with anything ~refined~. Libra sees their lover as a precious work of art…or at least some fine arm candy. It’s no surprise that Libras are allured by elegant sophistication. Seduce your Libra lover with dinner at your town’s most unique molecular gastronomy experience (also known as a restaurant), followed by tickets to an avant-garde play, and ending with a late-night wine tasting with an expert vintner (who just happens to be an old friend).
Libra is a diplomat, so brash or unsophisticated behavior (such as selfish demands or unexpected lewd pictures) are total turn-offs. Above all, presentation is extremely important, so do not try to win Libra’s heart when you’re dressed like a schlub. It’s not so much about the clothes itself, it’s about the implication. To Libra, old stinky sneakers imply lack of awareness and—as such a cerebral sign—that simply won’t work. So, if your home resembles a frat house, you may want to straighten up before extending an invitation. Listen, it’s not that Libra’s snobby…it’s just that, well, they don’t want to be grossed out. Whatever!
Libra def has a people-pleasing streak that extends to the bedroom. They want to make sure their partner is having the best sex ever. That said, a Libra also loves to be flattered, complimented, pleasured, even worshipped. If you want to have unforgettable sex with a Libra, take some inspo from Bridgerton's famous mirror scene.
A Libra wants to see and be seen! Take them out to the that trendy, just-opened cocktail bar; you'll impress them with your ability to score a coveted reservation. Or take a Libra somewhere beautiful, like an art museum or a walk along the beach. Stimulate their mind and their senses and you'll be set!
Libra and Aries are a true opposites-attract situation—because they're literally opposite each other on the zodiac wheel. These two are different but in all the best, most complementary ways, and together they can help each other grow.
Libra and Taurus share a ruling planet, Venus, which means they share similar passions (art, music, good food, good times) and even a similar worldview (they're here for a good time, not a long time). While air signs and earth signs don't typically go together, this pairing is the exception. Their shared ruler means they can live the luxurious life together, even if they're on a budget.
Fellow air sign Gemini respects Libra’s effortless finesse. As another social signs, Gemini appreciates Libra’s extended community. These two can have a ton of fun together.
Libra and Leo both love the spotlight, they both have a creative flair, and they're both incredibly generous to their loved ones. Together, they're a total power couple.
Who understands a Libra better than another Libra? The only thing here is that Libra's not-so-amazing traits will be amplified... like, good luck ever choosing a restaurant in less than three hours' deliberation!
This is a pairing that's just FUN. Both signs are sociable, witty, and intelligent. Adventurous Sagittarius encourages Libra to try new things, and Libra helps encourage Sagittarius to form stronger bonds with their friends and admirers. 
Another air sign, Aquarius, is also a great fit for Libra. Aquarius values Libra’s moral judgment, while Libra admires the way Aquarius is dedicated to making the world a better place. This is a couple that brings out the best in each other.
Libra may have a more difficult time building long-term bonds with Cancer.  Sensitive Cancer find Libra’s people-pleasing sensibilities to be insincere, while Libra perceives Cancer as way too sensitive and clingy.
Libra finds earth sign Virgo way too serious. Unlike earth sign Taurus, who knows how to have fun, Virgo is simply too dedicated to their career, health, and self-improvement for 365 party girl Libra.
Water sign Scorpio is way too deep and moody for Libra. Libra simply wants to have fun, and Scorpio does not know how to do so (sorry, Scorps). 
Libra also struggles to connect with stoic Capricorn. Like Virgo, this sign is way to serious for this social butterfly!
Similar to Cancer, Libra sees Pisces as too sensitive and too head-in-the-clouds to truly connect. 
All About Libra and Scorpio Compatibility
Let's Discuss Libra and Capricorn Compatibility
Your Libra and Leo Compatibility Guide
All About Libra and Taurus Compatibility
All About Libra and Aquarius Compatibility
All About Libra and Cancer Compatibility
All About Aries and Libra Compatibility
This Is What a Libra-Libra Couple Looks Like
All About Libra and Pisces Compatibility
What You Need to Know About Dating a Libra Man
What You Need to Know About Dating a Libra Woman
Everything You Need to Know About Libras
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.