Beyoncé put on one incredible performance for the NFL Christmas Day BMW halftime show but it was her daughter, Blue Ivy, who stole the show.
The Texas Hold ‘Em hitmaker, 43, strutted her stuff in her home town of Houston in the halftime break of the Baltimore Ravens vs Houston Texans game, which came after the Kansas City Chiefs beat the Pittsburgh Steelers. 
The 12-year-old star-in-the-making shocked viewers as she danced alongside her mum, keeping up with the professionals every step of the way.
Blue Ivy has been known to join her mum for a performance or two, with fans praising how far she has come since her first appearance on the Rennaissance tour.
However, it was Blue Ivy’s height that really sent NFL viewers into meltdown as she appeared to be taller than Beyoncé, who stands at 5’7.
‘Blue Ivy being the same height as Beyoncé is making me emotional,’ shared one fan, EJ, on X.
Aleksa Clarke added: ‘I had no idea she was so tall now! Wasn’t she a baby 5 minutes ago?!? 😭😭😭😭😭’
‘Can’t believe Blue is already taller than her,’ said Phadyll as Ni wrote: ‘Blue being taller than Beyoncé is sending me. Why am I about to cry 😭😭.’
Nosi said: ‘Blue Ivy is going to be about 6 feet by the time she’s 18 she’s so tall 😭’
It’s not known exactly how tall Blue Ivy is, with recent estimates putting her between 5’5″ and 5’8″ — just slightly taller than her mum.
The Mufasa star was also wearing heeled cowboy boots while on stage, which appeared to be around three inches tall.
While all eyes were on Blue Ivy, Beyoncé put on an incredible show as she performed her country album Cowboy Carter for the first time.
Riding a white horse — of course — backstage, Beyoncé opened her set with 16 Carriages, wearing a dramatic white feathered outfit and cowboy hat.
She elegantly dismounted the horse and continued with her cover of The Beatles’ Blackbird.
Beyoncé then officially arrived on the pitch wearing a white long-sleeved corset and chaps to perform with a huge brass band and dancers all around her.
The Love On Top star performed a number of her new tracks including Levi Jeans, during which she was joined by Post Malone for a duet by a pickup truck.
Jolene – her cover of Dolly Parton’s hit – saw the megastar sing from the back of the truck, flanked by a marching band.
Then came the grand finale in Texas Hold ‘Em, with Beyonce saying it would only be right for her to perform it for the first time in the US state and at Christmas. 
At the end of the show, Beyonce was elevated to the roof of the stadium on a platform in an impressive finale. 
Elsewhere, Mariah Carey performed her 1994 hit All I Want For Christmas Is You in a pre-recorded festive video filmed on top of a sky-scraper.
This isn’t the first time Beyonce has performed during an NFL halftime show, as she took to the stage for the 2013 Super Bowl with her Destiny’s Child band members Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams.
In 2016 she also made an appearance at Coldplay’s star-studded Super Bowl performance, which also featured Bruno Mars.
This appearance comes after Beyonce’s husband Jay-Z was accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl with Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs.
The rapper denied accusations he raped a 13-year-old girl at the MTV Music Awards in 2000 as soon as allegations broke on December 8.
In a previous statement on X, Carter said that he and Beyoncé will have to sit their children Blue Ivy, and twins Rumi and Sir, seven, down to explain the allegations – which he has always denied.
‘My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people. I mourn yet another loss of innocence,’ he said on X.
‘Children should not have to endure such at their young age. It is unfair to have to try to understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and human spirit.
‘My heart and support goes out to true victims in the world, who have to watch how their life story is dressed in costume for profitability by this ambulance chaser in a cheap suit.’
Since the lawsuit came to light, the unnamed woman has admitted to inconsistencies in her account of the night 24 years ago.
Just after the claims were made, Jay-Z took to the red carpet with Beyonce and their daughter Blue to celebrate her film debut in The Lion King: Mufasa, putting on a united front. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
Arrow
MORE: Hallmark star ‘proud’ to shatter LGBTQ+ ‘tropes’ in gorgeous new Christmas movie
Arrow
MORE: Police update on Hudson Joseph Meek’s death aged 16 confirms investigation
Arrow
MORE: Sir Rod Stewart ‘devastated’ after death of legendary record producer and ‘true friend’ Richard Perry
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy