The BoZone
If it's Happening, it's in the BoZone!
January 2, 2024 
Resolve to get out and let loose in this new year with a night at Downtown Bozeman’s Eagles Bar. The local tavern remains home to a steady schedule of Wednesday acoustics and weekend jamming. Here’s who’s performing in the first weeks of ’24.
Singer/songwriter Hannah Jo Lally shows off her talents on January 3rd. From the back roads of Eastern Washington, enjoy an evening of country cuts and distinctive originals. She draws influence from the likes of Suzy Bogguss and Charley Pride, Waylon Jennings and Mary Chapin Carpenter, among others.
Head down to the Eagles to mosh with local rockers Parahellion on Jan. 5th and 6th. The shows are a perfect opportunity to blow off some steam and spend a few of those hard-earned dollars!
Take in the acoustic stylings of local favorite Mathias on Jan. 10th. With powerful vocals and a percussive guitar style, he’s known for his dynamic live performances full of acoustic folk, rock, and funk tunes.
Next up are The Love Darts on Jan. 12th and 13th. The hard rock punk band got its start playing venues like the Haufbrau, having since grown into a fine-tuned project featuring some of Bozeman’s most energetic guitarists.
Poison Lovers guitarist and vocalist Robert Lethert delivers a solo performance on Jan. 17th. Expect a blend of old school country and contemporary Americana. His strong gravely voice will perfectly complement your evening at the downtown tavern.
The Disruptors take the stage with back-to-back performances on Jan. 19th and 20th. The high energy band does their darndest to get audiences singing along with their wide selection of rock n’ roll tunes from the ‘60s to now.
Luke Flansburg fronts a solo show on Jan. 24th. He’ll bring a wide variety of music ranging from funk to rock to blues. Also a member of Pinky & the Floyd, Tsunami Funk and MOTH, prepare for a fun set of covers and originals that will span the genres.
Tsunami Funk bring a pair of shows to the Eagles on Jan. 26th and 27th. The Bozeman-favorite group always packs the dance floor with Funk/R&B-rocking grooves. They play tunes from artists like Stevie Wonder, Pharrell Williams, Bruno Mars, Red Hot Chili Peppers, James Brown, Earth Wind & Fire, Sly & the Family Stone, Kool & the Gang, Van Morrison, Steely Dan, Bob Marley and many more!
Settle in for another night of acoustics on Jan. 31st with music by Trygh. The solo bassist is known for his dark spin on the folk genre, inspired by the cold mountains of Montana.
Exercise your pipes with Karaoke Night sponsored by Bozeman’s Best Entertainment Group, setting up at FOE every Thursday. Sing your heart out and cheer on your friends! Sign-ups start at 9pm.
The Eagles hosts BINGO Night on Saturday evenings, with the game beginning at 6pm. Grab your friends and dobber of choice for a chance to win some extra bucks.
Make sure to check out Bridger Mountain Big Band on Sunday nights. The ensemble performs at 7pm. The 17-piece jazz orchestra celebrates the music of Duke Ellington, Count Basie and more, with original arrangements and music of all genres from the 1900s to today. Check them out on social media for performance announcements.
Acoustic Wednesdays start at 8pm and weekend bands are on at 9pm. Head downtown for some great live music or stop in to support your local Eagles any night of the week. •
Filed Under: Rolling Zone 
Copyright © 2025 · Bozone

Red Ants Line Up 
Click for Winners!

REPLAY 

Click for Full 050125 PDF 

Click for Winners! 
(o) 406.539.6730
info@bozone.com
Δ