ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK - OCTOBER 02:  Musician Lady Gaga, Billboard Magazine Editor and Cheif Bill Werde and ... More singer Beyonce pose the childrens chorous from P.S. 22 at Billboard's 4th Annual Women In Music event at The Pierre Hotel on October 2, 2009 in New York City. Lady Gaga passes Beyonce on the list of the women with the most No. 1s on Billboard's Pop Airplay chart as "Die with a Smile" climbs to the top spot. (Photo by Jemal Countess/Getty Images)
Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars may seem an unlikely pairing, but the two musicians have scored a huge hit together—one which somehow perfectly blends their different, and always changing, tastes. The duo’s “Die with a Smile” has been a global winner since it arrived in late summer, and as winter approaches, the tune is still rising to new peaks.
“Die with a Smile” is set to conquer Billboard’s Pop Airplay chart this coming week. According to the publisher and music magazine, Gaga and Mars’ smash will rise to the summit on the list of the most successful tracks at top 40 pop radio in the U.S. when the rankings are refreshed tomorrow (Tuesday, November 19).
Gaga is on track to collect her eighth No. 1 on the Pop Airplay roster, which is a historic figure. With one more champion to her credit, the singer will break out of a tie with another one of the most famous women in the industry—and someone she’s collaborated with on a former leader.
When “Die with a Smile” reaches No. 1 in about a day, Gaga will pull out of her match with Beyoncé for the sixth-most champions of all time among solo female artists on the Pop Airplay chart. Bey will remain steady with her seven rulers, while her former duet partner will advance—though these rankings never remain static for very long, and they could rearrange this order at any point.
Beyoncé and Gaga actually share a Pop Airplay No. 1. In early 2010, the two stars sent “Telephone” to the top spot on the radio roster. The cut ruled for four frames, and it spent a little more than half a year somewhere on the list.
In addition to both “Die with a Smile” and “Telephone,” Gaga has topped the Pop Airplay chart with all of the following singles: “Just Dance” with Colby O’Donis, “Poker Face,” “LoveGame,” “Paparazzi,” “Bad Romance,” and “Born This Way.” Until this week, that latter tune, which hit No. 1 in 2011, marked the Grammy and Oscar winner’s latest ruler on the pop radio ranking.
Ahead of both Gaga and Beyoncé in terms of the women with the most No. 1s on the Pop Airplay chart are Taylor Swift (13), Katy Perry and Rihanna (11 each), Ariana Grande (10), Pink (9), and Doja Cat (8). The “Disease” artist matches the singer and rapper Doja this week, who has also found great success on the hip-hop charts as well.
“Die with a Smile” will bolt from No. 5 to No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart. Last week, it was steady at its fifth-place high, and soon it’ll replace Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” on top of the tally.