Woman realizing she’s in the wrong car!
We've talked about trying to get into the wrong car, but oops, clearly a woman drove the wrong car home! The Mike & Carla Morning Show opened a can of worms after hearing what happened to Carla Rea. The other day, at a Walgreen's, when she struggled to get into her car. The only problem was, it wasn't her car!
Now we've talked about this before and it seems to happen quite a bit But this morning, a few people took it to another level. Starting with a guy who said, getting out of school in the 5th grade and just hopping in the back seat of what he thought was his mom's car! A simple mistake once you hear the story.
We also touched on walking into the wrong house! Oh yeah, clearly this happens more often than not! Including a story of one couple who thought they were at a relative's home. Since they were locked out, they sent their toddler through the doggie door to unlock everything. You can imagine the horror when they came to find out...WRONG HOUSE!
There are all kinds of stories this morning about listeners trying to get into the wrong car, the wrong house. But there is one that might take the cake. A woman who thought it was her van...same color, make and model. To the point where she used the keys left on the floor board like she always does. Got in and drove home!
The scary thing, it took a friend to get her to realize that she actually drove the wrong car HOME! Driving it back to where she "borrowed" it from, the cops were already waiting.  Oops...sorry, wrong car!
There were quite a few more stories that you can enjoy. Just take a couple of minutes and listen...maybe it's happened to you. We'd love to hear your story! Just sent it to the Mike&CarlaMailbag@963kklz.com
https://963kklz.com/uploads/2024/02/OOPS-WRONG-CAR-2-29-24.mp3

Let’s be friends! 👍 Follow us on all social media platforms:
Twitter: https://twitter.com/kklz963
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kklz963/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/kklz963/
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!