By 

	Emily Longeretta


SPOILER ALERT: This story contains spoilers from the Season 33 finale of “Dancing With the Stars.”

	“Dancing With the Stars” has officially crowned the winner of Season 33! The “DWTS” season came to an end on Tuesday night, after the scores and votes from the Nov. 20 semifinals were combined with live viewer votes and scores from the finale, and the Len Goodman Mirrorball trophy was awarded to Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson.

	Additionally, the voting record was shattered once again during the finale.

	The night kicked off a little bit different than usual with 30 minutes of pretaped segments of the judges breaking down the finalists’ journies, instead of the usual opening number. Eventually, celebs from the season returned for an opening number to Madonna’s “Holiday.”

	The show leaned into some of the newsy stories that came out of this season of “DWTS” as well. Anna Delvey came on stage during the word “nothing” during her dance to Whitney Houston’s “I Have Nothing.” Later, rumored couple Jenn Tran and Sasha Farber and partners-turned-couple-turned-exes Gleb Savchenko and Brooks Nader danced to Peaches & Herb’s “Reunited.”

	Elsewhere through the night, Season 32 winners Xochitl Gomez and Val Chmerkovskiy danced to Chappell Roan’s “Pink Pony Club.” Then, Mark Ballas returned to dance the “Libertango” by Tango Bardo with Derek Hough, honoring the way the Argentine Tango began — between two men.

	Plus, the “DWTS LIVE 2025 Tour” pros took the floor for a routine to “Rush” by Troye Siva.

	When it came to the competition, each pair of finalists performed twice during the finale — first, a redemption routine assigned by the judges, followed by a freestyle routine.

	A few highlights included Stephen Nedoroscik and Rylee Arnold starting off the competition with Carrie Ann Inaba saying that the late Len Goodman would be very proud. Later, the pair’s freestyle — performed alongside some of his gymnastics teammates — left everyone in tears and earned them a perfect score.

	The first perfect 30 of the night (and their second of the season) went to Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson for their redemption Cha Cha. However, when it came to their creative freestyle routine wasn’t up to par for Inaba, who said it was “underwhelming.”

	Danny Amendola and Witney Carson channeled Ken and Barbie, respectively, for their hot-pink freestyle routine, which the judges couldn’t get “Kenough” of. Judge Hough called the performance “one of the most entertaining things I’ve ever seen on this show.” 

	After strolling down memory lane (literally) while talking about her time on “Dancing With the Stars,” Ilona Maher performed an empowering freestyle with Alan Bersten to Chappell Roan’s “Feminomenon.” “Look at me Ilona, you have become a true leading leady!” Bruno Tonioli said. “Proud, in control, holding the center of attention between these amazing dancers. You were always the girl on top.”

	Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong finished out the first round, also with a jive. Inaba said she may have had the toughest journey of the season and Bruno Tonioli said it went “beyond” redemption. They earned the second perfect 30 of the night. For their freestyle routine, Kinney and Armstrong paid tribute to pioneering Black performers like the Nicholas Brothers. 

	Scroll through the list below to see a breakdown of all the night’s routines and scores.

	Redemption dance: Quickstep to “I’ll Be There for You” by The RembrandtsScore: 29/30

	Freestyle to “Viva La Vida” by ColdplayScore: 30/30

	Redemption dance: Cha Cha to “CAN’T STOP THE FEELING!” by Justin TimberlakeScore: 30/30

	Freestyle to “Canned Heat” by District 78 ft Jake SimpsonScore: 29/30

	Redemption dance: Tango to “I Had Some Help” by Post Malone featuring Morgan WallenScore: 27/30

	Freestyle to “Pink” by Lizzo and “I’m Just Ken” by Ryan GoslingScore: 29/30

	Redemption dance: Jive to “Shake A Tail Feather” by Ray Charles & The Blues BrothersScore: 27/30

	Freestyle to “Femininomenon” by District 78 ft Mona RueScore: 30/30

	Redemption dance: Jive to “APT” by ROSÉ & Bruno MarsScore: 30/30

	Freestyle to “Hellzapoppin’” by Eyal Vilner Big Band and “Move On Up” by Curtis MayfieldScore: 30/30
The Business of Entertainment