Following a lengthy countdown spanning several months, Billboard has now announced its pick for “greatest pop star of the 21st century” … Beyonce.
The former Destiny’s Child star, who went solo in 2003, pipped the best-selling pop star of the 21st century to the post: Taylor Swift had to settle for a number two placing.
But Billboard wasn’t just using record sales to dictate its list. Beyonce’s game-changing 2013 self-titled album, a surprise release that ushered in a new era of visual albums, was noted by the respected music outlet as a key factor in her nabbing the top spot.
Rounding out the top five, and announced in previous weeks, are Rihanna at three, Drake at four and Lady Gaga at five.
Despite that all-female top three, it’s a male-heavy list, with 14 male artists and bands featured compared to 11 female artists.
Only two groups made the list: Korean boy band BTS at 19 and UK X Factor group One Direction at 22. It’s also a rap-heavy selection, with Kanye West, Eminem, Lil Wayne, Jay-Z, Nicki Minaj and Bad Bunny all joining Drake on the list.
Last week, Justin Bieber’s wife Hailey Bieber had publicly fumed at his top 10 placement, apparently believing a ranking as the eighth best pop star of the century – along with an accompanying extended tribute from Billboard praising his “one-of-kind presence” – was beneath her hubby.
“Billboard is a f–king joke as per usual!” she wrote under a post announcing his spot on the list.
Perhaps Bieber should be thankful he made the list: Arguably the biggest pop star for Australian audiences this century, Pink, had to settle for a spot in the longer list of 25 singers who didn’t quite make the cut.
Billboard’s reasoning?
“She’s never strung enough huge hit songs and albums together in any one era to truly dominate the pop landscape.”
Christina Aguilera, Dua Lipa, Kendrick Lamar and Jennifer Lopez are among other stars who had to settle for an honorable mention and a placing outside the coveted top 25.
Here’s the full list of Billboard’s picks for the greatest pop stars of the 21st century:
1. Beyonce
2. Taylor Swift
3. Rihanna
4. Drake
5. Lady Gaga
6. Britney Spears
7. Kanye West
8. Justin Bieber
9. Ariana Grande
10. Adele
11. Usher 
12. Eminem
13. Nicki Minaj
14. Justin Timberlake
15. Miley Cyrus
16. Jay-Z
17. Shakira
18. The Weeknd
19. BTS
20. Bruno Mars
21. Lil Wayne
22. One Direction
23. Bad Bunny
24. Ed Sheeran
25. Katy Perry
Advertisement