Strictly Come Dancing's JB Gill revealed a sweet hidden message to his former dancer partner, Amy Dowden, during his dance on Saturday.
Earlier this week, Amy, 34, said her heart was "breaking" after having to pull out of the rest of the dance competition due to a foot injury.
The Welsh dancer returned to competing in the BBC show for its 20th anniversary series after missing out last year due to undergoing treatment for stage three breast cancer. In February, Amy revealed that tests showed she has "no evidence of disease".
Due to Amy's exit, her celebrity partner, JLS star JB, 37, will now be paired with fellow pro Lauren Oakley, who stepped in to replace Amy over the weekend. For the icons week, JB and Lauren, 33, performed a couple's choice to a medley of Bruno Mars, where the JLS star got his first tens of the series, securing an impressive 39 points.
Appearing on Thursday's It Takes Two, JB revealed a sweet hidden message to Amy during his dance on Saturday, which was pointed out by host Janette Manrara who said: "Before we talk about your dance on Saturday night, there was a tender moment that caught our eye over the weekend!"
It Takes Two then played a video from the dance, where it sees JB mouth to the camera after the routine: "For you Amy, for you Amy!" to which Janette was left moved by the sweet clip.
It comes as Strictly Come Dancing pro Amy appeared on Wednesday's It Takes Two following her emotional exit from the BBC show where she broke down in tears.
Amy said: "I'm absolutely gutted, unfortunately I have an insufficiency stress fracture, if I've said that right, on my shin. Nothing to do with my injury last year, so yeah I'm just absolutely gutted.
"I need to rest for a couple of weeks so unfortunately JB has obviously got to continue, he's got the amazing Lauren. Hopefully I'll be back dancing in some capacity, maybe a group number by the end of the series fingers crossed!"
During the interview, Amy emotionally broke down in tears as she was comforted by host Janette. The tearful pro admitted: "Sorry, I'm heartbroken! Being back with the Strictly family was the best rehab."
Amy added: "I'm just gutted but this injury could have happened to anybody. I want to stress it's nothing to do with any previous health scares or what I've been through. It's just one of those things, it happens!"
At the end of the chat, It Takes Two aired a sweet surprise message from JB, who praised her for being a "wonderful teacher" and "beautiful soul".
Strictly Come Dancing continues on Saturday night at 6:35pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.