News & Analysis for the Beverage Industry
Tea brands are relying on their supply chain partners and scenario planning to prepare for potential tariff increases, as consumer confidence could dampen tea drinking this summer
Danone’s Q1 2025 results matched expectations thanks to growth in functional dairy and plant-based, infant and medical nutrition, but softness in coffee creamers raised eyebrows
Nestlé’s coffee creamer sales continued to underwhelm in Q1 2025 but the Swiss firm says it’s made ‘big strides’ in fixing its supply and capacity issues in the Americas
Food and beverage giant Nestlé reveals strong organic sales and positive growth forecast despite challenging market
Regenerative agriculture is more than a trend: it’s a fundamental rethink of how we grow, source and sell food. As pressure mounts to deliver food that does more than just taste good, food producers have a pivotal role to play
More Americans drink coffee every day than any other beverage: and their love affair with coffee is expected to last for many decades to come
Just Ice Tea – the brand that came out of the ashes of axed brand Honest Tea – is expanding to more than 6,000 new stores in Target, CVS, Walmart and more across the US ahead of summer iced tea season
Fashion, flavour and potential health benefits have boosted global demand for matcha. Can supply keep up?
Coffees and teas go beyond energy to provide cognitive-boosting, stress relief and gut health benefits
Coffee giants such as Nestlé and Keurig Dr Pepper have multiple strategies up their sleeves to keep coffee thriving...
Manufacturers are scrambling to secure supply chains as all major food and beverage crops fall under threat from climate change
From cold foam creamers to Super Bowl ads, the two category majors are in close competition. How are they innovating – and where’s the US coffee creamer category at? 
Natural Products Expo West
Tea brands put their own spin on flavors, sustainability and storytelling
The Coca-Cola Company now boasts 30 billion-dollar brands: from classics such as Coca-Cola and Sprite to newer winners like Smartwater, Fairlife and Fuze Tea. How does it create billion dollar brands?
Byproducts from grain and coffee could ease the cocoa shortage and meet growing demand for protein fortification
Danone boasts impressive full year financials, with profits up on the back of volume hikes and stable pricing
The company is betting big on high-growth categories to boost sales and cut costs
Cold coffee is ‘increasingly the coffee drink of choice’ for Millennials and Gen Z, says Nestlé – and the company is responding with new innovations.
The coffee brand taps into café culture and customizable premium drinks coveted by younger consumers
Bad weather, supply chain challenges and high demand kept pushing the price of coffee up in 2024. Will this year be any different?
Drinking coffee may be good for cardiovascular health, a new study suggests. But only if consumed in the morning.
The caffeinated beverage market in the US has ‘changed dramatically’ over the past 10 years, according to a new survey
Biggest trends of 2024 and what to expect in 2025
Coffee culture, cold brew and private-label varieties are stirring up the category, as consumers experiment with flavors to recreate the café experience at home
Rising demands for coffee and tea provide key ‘one-stop shop’ opportunities to cross-sell dual offerings for diverse tastes, according to beverage firm Santino.
Singapore’s Huggs Coffee believes its route to success lies in a focus on key hallmarks of specialty brews that appeal to discerning, environmentally conscious consumers seeking coffee experiences that can be recreated at home. 
The coffee giant has unearthed a new solution for disposing of spent coffee grounds in the UK.
MAD Foods, a Singapore-headquartered company specialising in plant-based ready-to-drink beverages, is partnering TurtleTree in developing a new line of functional oat milk coffee containing lactoferrin that will be launched in mid-2025. 
Hot chocolate is all about beautiful presentations and luxury serves: but there's more to this indulgent treat than meets the eye...
Around 80% of the world’s coffee is produced by smallholder coffee farmers - so what do the EU’s deforestation regulations mean for the coffee industry?
Health conscious consumers don’t want sugar-laden, taurine energy drinks: but they still want a burst of energy to keep them powering through their day. How are brands providing that better-for-you buzz?
Mad Tea’s 100% compostable tea pods, made from a blend of PHA and other compostable bioplastics, aim to satisfy consumer demand for sustainable packaging, yet experts warn that high production costs, limited infrastructure, and regulatory confusion pose...
Millie’s tea bag broths, made with herbs, spices and dehydrated vegetables landed in 2,000 Walmart stores last month, marking a major milestone for the brand as it disrupts the tea and broth categories.
Caffeine’s effect on vascular health has been a hot topic for years, with researchers putting forward positive and negative arguments. Now, a new study is adding to the conversation. But what's the truth?
The food major downgrades its FY24 growth outlook again as it predicts consumer demand to remain soft.
Creating effective batteries is a critical part of renewable energy plans – and wine and coffee could hold the answer to cheaper, more efficient and more eco-friendly battery tech.
A study on coffee consumption patterns in Saudi Arabia has found that Saudi coffee is more widely consumed than Turkish coffee among the local population, and that caffeine intake levels remain within the daily recommended limit despite the category’s boom.
Startup Spotlight
Beekeeper Coffee's co-founders leveraged their extensive brand-building expertise from giants like Nike and Beats by Dre to stand out in the crowded RTD coffee market with a distinct honey-sweetened brew, emphasizing authenticity and sustainability...
Two Rivers Coffee's collaboration with Eggo to launch Eggo Coffee showcases the coffee maker’s flavor innovation and strategic licensing partnerships, setting it apart in the competitive coffee market by delivering a nostalgic novelty for consumers.
Poor growing conditions in Brazil threaten coffee supplies. So, is another price hike on the horizon for this already-pricey commodity?
New research puts the daily cuppa under the microscope. But how will the food and beverage industry react and what are the NPD opportunities?
News
UK-based tea manufacturer Typhoo has reported annual losses of £38m for the year ended September 2023.
The designer of Suntory’s internationally successful BOSS RTD coffee brand has revealed how empathy and metaphorical references have been crucial to the long-lasting and widespread growth of the 32 year-old brand across the world.
Nespresso USA is launching Nespresso Bloom, its first range of honey products. What’s prompted the coffee giant to innovate outside of coffee?
Blue Bottle Coffee is expanding its 19-year-old NOLA line with the introduction of NOLA Craft Instant Coffee Blend, a move that reflects evolving consumer preferences and underscores the brand's commitment to quality and innovation, Cara Ray, global...
The French food and beverage major said its categories were growing 'faster' than the industry average in volume terms as it posted increased like-for-like sales in H1.
Chinese coffee company Saturnbird, which entered Singapore and Malaysia earlier this year, is looking to attract young consumers with cafe-quality instant coffee that is convenient and wallet-friendly. 
Nestlé has stepped up innovation across its business: with 15% more product launches across the first half of 2024 than the same period last year. And coffee innovations – such as Nescafé Ice Roast Coffee, Nescafé cold-concentrate and the Vertuo system –...
Nestle China is expanding its range of products containing white mulberry leaf extract clinically shown to reduce postprandial blood sugar increase, with its latest launch a no-sugar Oolong tea.
Keurig Dr Pepper’s international portfolio represents an ‘increasingly significant growth driver’ for the company: with international sales up 15% in the latest quarter.
News
The country has earned US$1.14bn in the financial year 2023/24, exporting a total of 6.13m bags, according to the Uganda Coffee Development Authority. 
By CO2Sustain
By Ecolab
By Olam International Ltd
26 Mar 2025
Paid for and content provided by Agus
Paid for and content provided by esarom
Paid for and content provided by esarom