Lauren Oakley has shared her love with Amy Dowden as she made a vow to her as her Strictly Come Dancing replacement. The professional dancer has been drafted in to compete in the BBC One dance contest alongside JB Gill.
It comes as Amy has been forced to withdraw from the show as a result of a foot injury. The Welsh dancer has admitted to being 'heartbroken' over the decision after she was forced to miss the most recent live show on Saturday night (November 2) after "falling ill" the previous weekend.
As the 34-year-old then wasn't able to rehearse with JB last week, she therefore didn't perform during the latest live show, meaning Lauren stepped in to help the JLS star with his couple's choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley chosen for the show's first-ever 'Icons Week'.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing star puts 'huge spanner' in competition after transformation hailed
But it's now been confirmed that Lauren will continue in the competition with JB as Amy pulls out to focus on her recovery from a foot injury.
The news was announced during Monday night's (November 4) edition of Strictly spin-off It Takes Two and Amy went on to share her own statement on social media which began: "My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up..."
Amy, who faced breast cancer last year, went on: "It was choreography, music choices, which dances in which order, what we needed to work on. I felt free again. My goal since hearing those words you have cancer was to get back on the Strictly dance floor. It's been such a challenge to get back, one I devoted 2024 to. With my incredible team we got there. Something I wanted to do for myself and my loved ones."
She also shared: "I'm so sad, so upset and asking why me, why now that our journey has been cut short. My heart right now is breaking having to pull out of the competition due to a foot injury and I know all too well 'this too shall pass' and I'll be soon better and back dancing. Something I've had to get used to in my life. I'm sure at some point we'll dance again JB. To all the fans, to my loved ones, my Strictly family thank you."
Amy rounded off her post by saying: "JB, I know you and Lauren will continue to ace that dance floor. I'll forever be your biggest cheerleader." Responding to the post, Lauren shared: "This too shall pass. We’re still a team. Love you. You did the ground work, I’ll carry your partnership forward and hopefully make you proud."
And Amy's fellow Strictly stars were flooding her with support. Gorka Marquez said: "Sending you all the love @amy_dowden." Jowita Przystal echoed: "Sending you lots of love @amy_dowden." Claudia Winkleman commented: "We love you so much." Motsi Mabuse added: "Dear Amy, your courage and strength inspire us all. Taking this step to focus on your health is the most beautiful act of self-care and resilience.
"Know that the entire Strictly family and everyone who loves you are with you every step of the way. We miss you deeply on the dance floor, but your well-being is what matters most. Sending you all my love, support, and strength as you take this time for yourself. Can’t wait to see you shining bright again when you’re ready. Love, Motsi."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.