SPRINGFIELD, MA (WGGB/WSHM) - Get ready for one of the biggest pre-summer events of the year: The Ironman. The city of Springfield and other western Massachusetts communities are once again getting ready to welcome thousands of athletes and spectators for a 70.3-mile race that could bring excitement and business to the area after last year’s successful weekend.
“We’re already at over 1,000 athletes in the field already, so it wouldn’t surprise me to see a good 10 to 20 percent increase in what we’ve seen,” said Ironman regional director Dave Christen.
The race itself contains three stages. First, there is a 1.2-mile swim in the Connecticut River. There is also a 56-mile bike ride, followed by a 13.1 mile run all the way to the finish line. Christen told Western Mass News that organizers are looking to change the course a little by expanding the number of communities involved, including the Suffield, CT area.
“We might be adding some mileage down on the bike course in Connecticut,” Christen added. “We’ve got a really great new opportunity to potentially add Forest Park into the run course, which for those that know, that’s such a magical place (and) such a great park to showcase inside of both Springfield and Longmeadow.”
About 1,400 athletes competed in last year’s triathlon, including 60 percent of them being from outside of the commonwealth. With all of the competitors in town, as well as their supporters and other spectators, that meant big business for the area.
“It generated room nights in our region, increased foot traffic on the streets and business and local restaurants, and showcased our region to a lot of people,” said Mary Kay Wydra, president of the Greater Springfield Convention and Visitors Bureau.
Wydra said there was plenty to do during race weekend in 2023, including shows featuring Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, as well as Bruno Mars. While it is unclear what will be taking place the same weekend as the upcoming race, Wydra told Western Mass News she expects everyone visiting to take advantage of attractions and entertainment.
“Come in beforehand, visit the region, compete, and stay a few extra days,” Wydra added.
Christen is expecting a fun atmosphere and a great time for everyone while taking an interesting approach towards preparations.
“We’re actually spending less time and energy planning because we now have really great partners and we have trust and, because of that, we’re just really moving quickly through the planning process this year, which is efficient and awesome,” Christen noted.
The Ironman 70.3 takes place on June 9. You can CLICK HERE for more information.
Copyright 2024. Western Mass News (WGGB/WSHM). All rights reserved.