e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Andre Thierry’s journey to the forefront of the West Coast zydeco community began with an accordion in his grandmother’s closet.
“She would get mad because I would sneak into the closet and play it, and she didn’t want me to touch it,” Thierry says. “But once I got my own accordion, I excelled fast. I was playing better than most older guys.”
Decades later, the Richmond-based musician is one of the most prominent bandleaders in the up-tempo, accordion-led genre, which developed amid the multicultural Francophone stew of southwestern Louisiana in the early 20th century.
Thierry and his band Accordion Soul will perform as part of the Marin Art and Garden Center’s summer concert series from 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday at 30 Sir Francis Drake Blvd. in Ross. Admission is $20 to $25; free for youth 17 and under. Buy tickets and get more information at maringarden.org.
“Accordion Soul” is both the name of the accordionist’s group and a descriptor for his style of music, inspired by growing up in a musical family of Creole heritage in Richmond. Born in 1979, Thierry spent his childhood absorbing R&B and hip-hop alongside the music his family brought with them from Louisiana when they moved to Richmond in the ‘60s.
“A lot of people moved out from Louisiana after (World War II),” Thierry says. “They met at these church dances and recreated the same vibe they had when they were back in Louisiana — just food and music and drinking and partying all night long.”
Thierry’s grandparents attended St. Mark’s Catholic Church in Richmond, a gathering place for the local Creole community, and regularly hosted musical events featuring legendary zydeco performers like John Delafose and Clifton Chenier.
This tradition is the basis for Thierry’s music, but though traditional Creole songs are part of his repertoire, he’s far from a dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist and has been known to bust out Al Green and Bruno Mars songs during performances.
“I’m a lover of all music,” Thierry says. “I grew up listening to this music, but I got into a lot of soul music. I listened to Jimi Hendrix and then Bobby Brown, Michael Jackson, Curtis Mayfield, Stevie Wonder. I try to incorporate all that into my style.”
In addition to touring Creole music all over the Bay Area, Thierry has also led educational efforts to preserve interest in the musical traditions he grew up with. In 2012, Thierry collaborated with Marin City-based Performing Stars to create a program called “Zydeco for Children,” which continues today as “Are You Ready To Learn,” an interactive music workshop for kids in low-income communities.
“I bring a bunch of instruments: washboards, drums and accordions,” Thierry says. “They normally wouldn’t be able to see these kinds of instruments, let alone touch them. It’s not just me going out and playing shows — I’m also always educating and trying to keep this alive.”
Despite zydeco’s origins in hyper-regional Louisiana genres like la la and juré, it’s found nationwide popularity, especially since the 1980s, when Rockin’ Sidney’s regional hit “My Toot Toot” became an unexpected national smash and Rockin’ Dopsie collaborated with Paul Simon on the latter’s acclaimed album “Graceland.” Zydeco performers like Chenier and the now-95-year-old Queen Ida have won Grammys, and Thierry himself was nominated for best regional roots music album in 2013 for “Nothin’ but the Best.”
Zydeco is not unknown in Northern California, and the Bay Area band Zydeco Flames is a regular presence on the Marin concert circuit. Yet Thierry says the tradition is dwindling along with its link to the older generations of Creoles that developed it and spread it across the country.
“A lot of the older people have died off,” Thierry says. “Their offspring have more or less amalgamated to the city culture. They don’t even identify as Creole until they have this kind of music in front of them. I’m pretty much kind of the last of the Mohicans keeping it alive.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group