A Taylor Swift doppelganger is constantly stopped for selfies and now earns a living impersonating the pop icon at parties and events.
Kelley Thrasher, 40, has been compared to Taylor Swift for over ten years due to her blonde locks, bangs, and love for bright red lipstick. She's often mistaken for the real deal, with fans rushing up to her on the street for selfies and autographs.
For years, she shrugged off comments about their resemblance but finally decided in June to accept invitations to appear at parties, just to see what would happen. After her first gig, she was inundated with more requests - from children's parties and corporate events to karaoke shows.
READ MORE: Man detained at Taylor Swift's Gelsenkirchen concert after making threats
There's lots of quality news coming out of the US.
While she still works as a full-time nanny and does her Taylor Swift gigs on the side, she admits it's been so profitable that she might consider doing it full-time one day.
Kelley, who hails from Shawnee, Kansas, said: "I get stopped a lot because there's always the chance Taylor could actually be in Kansas, as Travis Kelce plays here.
"I've never been one to take selfies but if people come up to me in the street, I just have to get over it and do it. I only started a few weeks ago but I've already done four gigs and I'm booked out until mid-September.
"The money is good - I make more in two hours than I did in a week when I worked as a teacher. The first party I walked into, all the guests went silent with open mouths - everyone was so excited.
"I love Taylor Swift and her music but I wouldn't call myself a hardcore fan. I find it flattering when people say I look like her though," mentions Kelley who gets approached for photographs and autographs due to her uncanny resemblance with the pop sensation.
Experience varies from getting "swarmed" at SuperBowl parties to unexpectedly bumping into Bruno Mars at a restaurant, who enthusiastically advised her to "monopolise that s**t! " upon realising she's not cashing in on her looks.
Once comfortably tied up in a full-time teaching career, Kelley thought her busy schedule wouldn't accommodate a side-gig as a Swift lookalike. However, a switch to her profession as a nanny offered more flexibility for such pursuits.
Finally taking her friends' advice, Kelley started working at kids' parties, thanks to an agency who arranged her first gig. She warmly recalls entering a room of young girls, "so excited" to see her.
Kelley revealed: "One of the reasons I didn't want to do it at first was because I didn't want to trick people - especially kids. But I spoke to someone who runs parties and they said the kids don't even care - they love Taylor and will be in awe regardless. And they were - they came up to me and they called me 'adorable'."
Interestingly, she doesn't splurge on costumes but instead snaps up Taylor-esque outfits from Shein.
Kelley revealed that she's been rocking a red lip since her university days, long before Taylor became famous for the look.
She believes her style is "a little edgier than Taylor's", but also thinks Taylor is evolving towards a more edgy look herself.
Kelley's lucrative side hustle, which earns her $350 per hour, has opened doors to several social media collaborations, although she's not at liberty to disclose details yet.
She confessed: "A lot of people are mean on TikTok about both me and her, and the hardest thing is trying to ignore those comments. They say I need to lose weight to look like her or that I'm twice her age - I'm only about five years older than her!".
"But in the words of Taylor Swift, I just have to 'shake it off'."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.