Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
Fans of global superstar Beyoncé who missed her Christmas Day NFL halftime performance, or want to relive the moment, are in for a treat. Netflix Inc. NFLX is set to feature one of the standout moments from its debut NFL game streams.
What Happened: For the first time ever, Netflix streamed two live NFL games on Christmas Day. The games, which are part of a three-year deal, saw Netflix as the exclusive home of the Kansas City Chiefs at Pittsburgh Steelers and Baltimore Ravens at Houston Texans matchups on Wednesday.
Beyoncé performed a 12-minute set during halftime of the Ravens and Texans game, which took place in her hometown of Houston.
Being labeled the "Beyoncé Bowl" by Netflix, the halftime performance featured the first-ever live performances of songs from the singer's "Cowboy Carter" album.
The performance featured guest appearances by Shaboozey, Post Malone and Beyoncé's daughter Blue Ivy Carter.
Netflix announced that "Beyoncé Bowl" will be released as a standalone special on the streaming platform later this week.
The streaming company did not provide an exact date or additional details on whether the special would just be the halftime performance or include behind-the-scenes or additional footage.
Read Also: Streamers Max, Paramount+ Won November: Here’s Why Analyst Expects Netflix, Amazon To Win December
Why It's Important: Netflix appears poised to leverage the star power of one of the world's most popular singers, featured during halftime of its inaugural Christmas Day NFL games.
Beyoncé previously performed at halftime of Super Bowl XLVII in 2013, a performance that featured her Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, and in 2016 with Coldplay and Bruno Mars at Super Bowl 50. Both halftime performances rank among the most watched in NFL history.  
The singer teased that there is more coming from her next month. An Instagram post featured Beyoncé on a horse with an American flag and ends with the screen showing the date of Jan. 14, 2025.
While the teaser post may not be in relation to Netflix, the streaming company has more coming from Beyoncé.
The singer and streamer signed a $60 million deal in 2019, which included "Homecoming," a documentary concert film about the singer's 2018 Coachella performance.
Several reports suggest that the NFL Christmas Day performance and subsequent "Beyoncé Bowl" release are the second of the three projects, leaving one more Netflix special coming from the global superstar.
NFLX Price Action: Netflix stock is down 1.2% to $920.78 on Monday versus a 52-week trading range of $461.86 to $941.75. Netflix stock is up 97% year-to-date in 2024.
Read Next: 
Photo: Shutterstock
Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Trade confidently with insights and alerts from analyst ratings, free reports and breaking news that affects the stocks you care about.
A newsletter built for market enthusiasts by market enthusiasts. Top stories, top movers, and trade ideas delivered to your inbox every weekday before and after the market closes.