Rosé’s collaboration with Bruno Mars is a surprise hit, as it’s a collab no one expected—especially since Mars had just worked with another powerhouse, Lady Gaga. However, “Apt.” further cements Mars’ legacy as one of the most sought-after collaborators and Rosé’s status as a global superstar. 
On December 6, 2024, Rosé released her debut studio album, Rosie, which includes the single “Apt.” Along with it are eleven other tracks that have been praised by music critics and fans for their emotional depth and relatable lyrics. 
Here are five of Rosé's songs that you should listen to, especially if you’re trying to move on from a toxic ex, crushing on an unattainable guy, or realizing the one you’re with will only ever be a heartbreak.  
Rosé's "Toxic Till The End” is like rubbing salt in a wound if you’ve been with a toxic ex. After listening to the lyrics, you’d stop and wonder how Rosé was able to put into words what you  felt about your last relationship, especially the chorus: “Back then, when I was runnin' out of your place/I said, ‘I never wanna see your face’/I meant I couldn't wait to see it again/We were toxic till the end/Uh-huh, 'cause even when I said it was over/You heard, ‘Baby, can you pull me in closеr?’/You were plotting how to stay in my head/Wе were toxic till the end.”  
Fans have speculated about which of Rosé's exes the song is about. The News International named two potential candidates: actor Jaden Smith and skateboarder Jason Choi. Choi denied the rumors via his Instagram story and wrote, “I'm not Black Pink Rose’s ex. I’m a big fan, though [joined hands emoji]. I don’t know how I became her ex; I'm still confused. And please don’t be rude. Thank you!”  
Rosé also released an accompanying music video featuring Evan Mock as the toxic ex. Eagle-eyed fans have noticed Bruno Mars’ comment to Rosé's Instagram post of her and Mock sitting near a fireplace face to face. Mars’ comment: “wait a minute!!! Who Tf is that???” already had almost 500k likes, showing fans are still loving the cheeky relationship between the two artists.  
“Number One Girl” is the second single from Rosie. Rosé co-wrote it with Amy Allen and produced by Bruno Mars. Lyrically, the song talks about longing and unrequited love, particularly the chorus: “Isn't it lonely?/I'd do anything to make you want me/I'd give it all up if you told me that I'd be/The number one girl in your eyes/Your one and only/So what's it gon' take for you to want me?/I'd give it all up if you told me that I'd be/The number one girl in your eyes.”  
This song will surely have girls who have experienced a crush on the most popular boy in school bawling their eyes out. The song was accompanied by a self-directed music video, per Teen Vogue. It featured the singer in various locations across Seoul at night.  
Listening to “Gameboy” will make you wonder, “Dang, who hurt Rosé like this?” and might make you decide to listen to “Apt.” instead for some good vibes. Like “Toxic Till The End” and “Number One Girl,” the lyrics to “Gameboy” feel like a mirror to Rosé's vulnerability. In an interview with Apple Music 1 (via Malay Mail), Rosé shared the writing process for the song.  
“I used to talk about [the relationship] so much. I’d hate the idea of giving credit to the person, but I needed to get it off my chest. My co-writers would joke, ‘Are we talking about the ex again?’ And I’d say, ‘Yeah, yeah, again.'" But after writing “Gameboy,” she felt cathartic. “I was like, ‘Ex, you’re done. Your time is over.'"  
Don’t be fooled by this song’s title. We initially thought it was a song you can dance to all night. But it’s not. The song’s lyrics describe dancing all night and “not caring about the heartache in my life,” which we can all relate to when we try to drown our sorrows and “not obsess over all the little things I don’t regret.” Spoiler alert: it’s impossible not to care about our heartaches, and we still obsess over the little things after we’re done dancing all night.  
It seems Rosé's album is a collection of farewell songs since most of them talk about saying goodbye to an old love like“Stay A Little Longer,” the eighth track in Rosie. The chorus talks about asking someone to stay a little longer: “Please, won't you stay, stay a little longer, babe?/Don't walk away when I'm here callin' your name/I'm fragile, I'm speechlеss, don't leave me in piеces/Already havin' enough trouble breathin'/Please, won't you stay, stay a little longer, babe?”  
Fans loved the song and commented that how her voice quivers are both sad and beautiful.  
Rosé’s Rosie is full of heartfelt songs that anyone who’s loved and lost can relate to. Her beautiful vocals and her emotion with every song truly make for an album worth listening to. 
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!