By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  01:40, 4 November 2024   |  Updated:  21:22, 4 November 2024   
 7
View  comments
Strictly's JB Gill paid a sweet tribute to his dance partner Amy Dowden during Sunday night's results show. 
The JLS star performed with strictly pro Lauren for his couples' choice performance during Saturday's ICONS week, with the pair successfully avoiding the dance off.
JB and Lauren soared to joint top of the leaderboard with their commercial routine to a Bruno Mars Medley, scoring a near-perfect 39 out of 40.
And as the pair were revealed to be safe for another week, JB looked to the camera and mouthed 'For you, Amy' as he dedicated the performance to the Welsh dancer.
The partner switch-up came after Amy was forced to skip the show after her hospital visit following last week's show.
Strictly's JB Gill paid a sweet tribute to his dance partner Amy Dowden during Sunday night's results show
The partner switch-up came after Amy was forced to skip the show after her hospital visit following last week's sho
Amy, 34, broke down in tears as she watched JB and her replacement Lauren get a near perfect score on Saturday night.
As Amy watched JLS star JB and Lauren receive their score, she started to tear up, with some viewers saying while she looked happy, it would have been hard not to have scored that with JB herself. 
She said: 'I am so grateful to you Lauren. Thank you Lauren, thank you J, you too are just amazing. I just wish I was there with you.'
JB, 37, and professional partner Lauren, 33, performed their couples choice to a medley to Bruno Mars and topped the leaderboard alongside Tasha Ghouri. 
Hours before JB and choreographer Lauren took to the dancefloor, Amy - who is understood to be in remission after battling breast cancer and has Crohn's disease - wrote a heartfelt message of support for the pair on social media.
In a post on Instagram on Saturday, Amy shared a picture of Lauren and JB and wrote in the caption: 'Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight! I'm going to be your biggest cheerleader!' 
Addressing her dance partner directly, Amy continued: 'JB it says everything how you've been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me!
'I'm so lucky! You're a STAR! I know what tonight means to you! Thank you!'
JB and professional partner Lauren performed their couples choice to a medley to Bruno Mars
As the pair were revealed to be safe for another week, JB looked to the camera and mouthed 'For you, Amy' as he dedicated the performance to the Welsh dancer
The Welsh dancer was forced to pull out of this weekend's show after collapsing backstage last week, with fellow professional Lauren being drafted in as her replacement
The blonde beauty also had kind words for Lauren after she stepped up to temporarily fill in for her on the show.
Amy shared: 'Thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you! 
'You know I've always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool tower at 8 years old to tell you! Thank you darling!'
Rounding off her sweet message, Amy also gave a shout out to the Strictly choreographers for 'such a brilliant routine', while sharing her gratitude over the support she's had from fans.
And as Amy watched JLS star JB and Lauren receive an incredible 39 points out of 40, she started to tear up with joy
Hours before JB and choreographer Lauren took to the dancefloor, Amy wrote a heartfelt message of support to the pair on social media
'Also a big thank you for all the love and support I've received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped! Now tune into the first ever ICONS week on strictly!' she concluded. 
JB then responded with his own heartfelt words, writing: 'You are the best. Your belief in me is so uplifting and your fighting spirit is second to none! 
'Thank you for being my biggest champion and I know that @laurenmayoakley and I will do you PROUD.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group