Beyoncé, center, arrives at the premiere of "Mufasa: The Lion King" on Monday, Dec. 9, 2024, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
Celebrate the holidays with the Queen Bey herself, Beyoncé, as she gears up to headline the halftime show at the Baltimore Ravens vs. Houston Texans Christmas Day game at NRG Stadium in her hometown of Houston, Texas.
The clock is ticking for the BeyHive to secure their tickets, but not to worry — there are still plenty of last-minute options.
Very few tickets remain on Ticketmaster, with upper-level seating prices starting at $225. However, greater availability for sold-out seating can be found on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees. 
Here’s a look at the best resale prices available (including fees):
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Fans traveling can find cheap flights on Expedia and discounted hotels on Hotels.com.
This marks her first live performance since wrapping up her “Renaissance” tour in 2023 and the release of her Grammy-nominated country album “Cowboy Carter.” 
Released in March 2024, “Cowboy Carter” has been met with critical acclaim, earning 11 Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year and Country Album of the Year. The album features collaborations with artists such as Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, Miley Cyrus, and Post Malone.
This will be Beyoncé’s fourth NFL performance. Her previous performances include singing The Star Spangled Banner at Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004, headlining the Destiny’s Child reunion at Super Bowl XLVII in 2013, and performing alongside Coldplay and Bruno Mars at Super Bowl 50 in 2016.
For those who are unable to attend in person, Beyoncé‘s halftime performance will be available to stream live on Netflix — the platform’s first-ever NFL Christmas live broadcast.
In addition to Beyoncé‘s halftime show, music fans have another reason to tune in to the NFL this season: Kendrick Lamar will perform at Super Bowl LIX in 2025 at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on February 9. Tickets can be purchased online through Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and StubHub.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices