The films of Nicolas Cage are to be featured at The Beverly Theater during “Cage Free Weekend.”
It’s a Cage match of a different order.
The films of Nicolas Cage are again featured at The Beverly Theater during “Cage Free Weekend.” The retrospective paying homage to the Oscar-winning Las Vegas resident runs Sept. 12-14. In order, the movies being dusted off are “Red Rock West,” “The Rock” and “Honeymoon In Vegas.”
The latter classic features a very young Bruno Mars leveling the place as an Elvis tribute artist.
Kip Kelly, for whom the honeymoon in Vegas seems endless, is holding a spot for Cage.
“We’ve tried calling, but it seems Nic’s playing hard to get,” says Beverly Theater’s program director and arbiter of all things groovy, claiming to be joking. “We’re big fans of everything Nicolas Cage, and we’re convinced he’d be a fan of ours, too. This theater was made for Vegas, and what better way to celebrate our city’s own movie legend than by highlighting his cinematic brilliance? Whether or not he shows up, we’ve saved him a seat—just in case!”
This can only mean a collective civic effort to get Cage to take part, for which yours truly is volunteering.
The first “Cage Free Weekend” at The Beverly was Aug. 10-12, 2023. “Pig,” “Vampire’s Kiss,” “Moonstruck,” “Con Air,” and Cage’s Oscar turn in, “Leaving Las Vegas” were screened.
The success, similar to many of Cage’s characters, was raging.
A “limited number” of $0 tickets are available for “Cage Free Weekend”; go to thebeverlytheater.com for intel.
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP