Taylor Swift and Beyonce are among the music stars who will be honoured during Strictly Come Dancing’s in the brand new icons week.


  The remaining 10 couples will take to the ballroom floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer.


  Continuing the celebration of music “icons”, the professional dancers will perform a Beyonce medley with Johannes Radebe channelling the singer’s alter-ego, Sasha Fierce, during Sunday’s results show.


  In Saturday’s show, JLS star JB Gill and Lauren Oakley will perform their couple’s choice to a Bruno Mars medley.


  Professional dancer Oakley, who does not have a partner for this year’s BBC One show, has stepped in to perform with Gill after a health scare forced his partner Amy Dowden to miss last Sunday’s results programme.


  This year the dancer returned to competing on the show after undergoing treatment for breast cancer, including having a mastectomy and chemotherapy.


  Speaking about Icons Week and the people who inspire her, she said: “My oncologists and doctors who helped me through my Crohn’s and cancer battles.


  “My parents, who instilled a strong work ethic in me, and my twin sister, who’s my best friend. Also, my husband, who gave up his own competitive dancing career so I could shine.”


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BBC Strictly (@bbcstrictly)






A post shared by BBC Strictly (@bbcstrictly)


  Also on the show, comedian Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell will pay homage to rock band Kiss by dancing a tango to Rock And Rock All Nite.


  Reality star Pete Wicks will turn into Freddie Mercury when he salsas to Queen's song Another One Bites The Dust alongside Jowita Przystal.


  While Olympian Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe perform a waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston.


  Honouring Anti-Hero singer Swift is former field hockey player Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin, who will dance an American smooth to Love Story.


  Quek said: “Taylor Swift. She’s been through so much and been publicly humiliated.


  “She started from the bottom, in terms of a little stage in a park with 20 people watching and she had setbacks but she kept going.


  “We’re similar ages so I can relate to Taylor Swift, even though she’s in another stratosphere of fame and success.


  “I’ve been through that in terms of setbacks and knockbacks and people saying you can’t do that, you’re not good enough, and then actually just being like, I can do it.”


  Miranda actress Sarah Hadland will channel Madonna in a cha cha to Like A Prayer, alongside her dance partner Vito Coppola, while Love Island star Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec celebrate US singer Pink by dancing to their couple’s choice, What About Us.


RECOMMENDED READING


Strictly's JB Gill breaks silence after Amy Dowden 'collapses' backstage


Strictly fans 'concerned' after Chris McCausland's 'emotional' performance


Strictly fans 'will never unsee' Craig Revel Horwood and Anton Du Beke's costumes


  Elsewhere, EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick and his partner Michelle Tsiakkas samba to George Michael's song Faith, with singer Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu celebrating The Beatles with a quickstep to Help.


  The result show will also include a performance from K-Pop boyband dearALICE.


The live show airs at 6.30pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer on Saturday.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.