The latest couple to exit Strictly Come Dancing has been revealed ahead of Sunday evening’s official results show. The leak comes after all ten celebrities participated in the programme’s first-ever Icons Week on Saturday (November 2).
The latest instalment of Strictly saw co-presenters Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman returning to the helm beside esteemed judges Shirley Ballas, Anton Du Beke, Motsi Mabuse and Craig Revel Horwood.
The quartet worked to accurately score dances from Pete Wicks and Jowita Prystał’s Salsa to Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola’s Cha Cha.
The programme saw Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell paying homage to legends Kiss with a Tango, while Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas produced a Samba.
Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin used Taylor Swift to soundtrack their American Smooth routine and Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu took on a Quickstep to The Beatles.
  READ MORE    Strictly winner swapped Coronation Street for Aldi in surprising career move  
Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Saturday also saw Wynne Evans and partner Katya Jones paying tribute to Shirley Bassey with a rousing Rumba while Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe used the tones of Whitney Houston to bolster their Waltz.
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec danced a couple’s choice to ‘What About Us’ by Pink! while JLS’ JB Gill and stand-in partner Lauren Oakley did number to a Bruno Mars medley.
After every couple has performed for the judges, two are forced to take part in the dreaded dance-off. This heated moment is usually filmed straight after Saturday’s live show (November 2) and the results are not officially announced until Sunday’s results show (November 3).
But for more than a decade, the identity of the eliminated contenders has been leaked online ahead of the programme - and it appears this week is no different.
  Don't miss...     BBC Strictly's Gorka Marquez 'devastated' by early exit as fans fear he'll quit  [EXCLUSIVE]     Strictly Come Dancing's Nikita Kuzmin steals the show with daring transformation  [LATEST]     Amanda Owen's kids branded 'unrecognisable' as Channel 4 star shares rare snap  [PHOTOS] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Once again, the couple exiting Strictly has been revealed online, although Express.co.uk have decided not to share which couple was eliminated.
Some fans were furious over the decision, with several taking to social media to have their say. One wrote: "At this point I'm starting to wonder if the votes are rigged."
Another fumed: "WOW! This one has made me really sad. I really liked the couple that left and they were really improving every week. This just proves that NOBODY is safe and votes really matter."
A third furious fan added: "Actually so annoyed at this??? Neither of the couples in the dance off deserved to be there when they’ve improved week after week and then there’s others that keep sailing through."
Someone else agreed: "WHAT?! I'M FLOORED!! This has fully p***ed me off actually."
Last week, Dr Punam Krishan and her partner Gorka Marquez were eliminated from the competition after going head-to-head with Shayne and Nancy in the dance-off.
Tune into the Strictly Come Dancing results show on BBC One and BBC iPlayer tomorrow from 7.20pm.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated