By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and ASSOCIATED PRESS 
 Published:  05:46, 18 November 2024   |  Updated:  05:56, 18 November 2024   
 180
View  comments
Beyoncé is set to to headline the halftime show for Netflix's Christmas Day game pitting the hometown Houston Texans against the Baltimore Ravens.
The Houston native, 43, took to Instagram Sunday evening with a clip promoting her appearance on the game at NRG Stadium, which will air on the streaming service.
In a clip previewing the performance - which will be produced by Jesse Collins Entertainment and Parkwood Entertainment, Variety reported - Beyoncé was seen wearing a red white and blue dress while standing atop a rose-lined vehicle, catching a football.
Beyoncé was seen standing on top of a vehicle with the license plate reading  BRNCNTRY in the clip, which sampled Beyoncé's track Ameriican Requiem and ended with a close up on the musical artist.
The game, which will be the first-ever NFL contest to arrive on the streaming service, will air at 4:30 p.m. ET/1:30 p.m. PT.
The high-profile performance comes after the singer set a new record this month with 11 Grammy nominations for her album Cowboy Carter. It brings her career total to 99 nominations and makes her the most-nominated artist in Grammy history.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
Beyoncé is set to to headline the halftime show for Netflix's Christmas Day game pitting the hometown Houston Texans against the Baltimore Ravens
Cowboy Carter is up for album and country album of the year, and Texas Hold ´Em  is nominated for record, song and country song of the year. 
She also received nominations in a wide swath of genres, including pop, country, Americana and melodic rap performance categories.
This is her first time receiving nominations in the country and Americana categories. Previously, she and her husband Jay-Z were tied for most career nominations, at 88.
If Beyoncé wins the album of the year, she´ll become the first Black woman to do so in the 21st century. 
Lauryn Hill last won in 1999 for The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, joining Natalie Cole and Whitney Houston as the only Black women to take home the Grammys´ top prize.
Post Malone is just behind Beyoncé, with seven nominations, tied with Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar and Charli XCX, who earned her first nominations as a solo artist.
Only recordings commercially released in the U.S. between September 16, 2023 through August 30, 2024 were eligible for nominations. The final round of Grammy voting, which determines its winners, will take place December 12 through January 3.
In the song of the year category, Beyoncé is joined by Eilish with Birds of a Feather,  Swift and Post Malone with Fortnight, Chappell Roan's Good Luck, Babe!, Sabrina Carpenter's  Please Please Please, Kendrick Lamar´s Not Like Us, Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars´ Die With A Smile, and Shaboozey´s A Bar Song (Tipsy). 
The Houston native, 43, took to Instagram Sunday evening with a clip promoting her appearance on the game, which will air on the streaming service on the holiday
Beyoncé was seen wearing a red white and blue dress while standing atop a rose-lined vehicle, catching a football 
Beyoncé was seen standing on top of a vehicle with the license plate reading, BRNCNTRY 
Shaboozey is also a first-time nominee. His A Bar Song (Tipsy) is the biggest song of the year, having spent more weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 than any other - it is so popular, a remix of the track is also up for remixed recording. 
Elsewhere, Shaboozey is nominated in the melodic rap performance category for his feature on Beyoncé´s SPAGHETTII. 
Linda Martell, the first commercially-successful Black woman musician in country, is also featured on the song, delivering the 83-year-old artist her first Grammy nomination.
For record of the year, Texas Hold 'Em will compete against Swift and Post Malone´s Fortnight, Eilish's Birds of a Father, Lamar's Not Like Us, Roan's Good Luck, Babe!, Carpenter's Espresso, Charli XCX's 360, and the Beatles last new song, the AI-assisted Now and Then. 
The 2025 Grammy Awards will air February 2 live on CBS and Paramount+ from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group