Strictly Come Dancing's head judge Shirley Ballas had a heated exchange with fellow judge Craig Revel Horwood, leading Motsi Mabuse to step away during their tense clash. The celebrities were performing for Icons Week, but the judges disagreed over one couple's performance.
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe wowed viewers at home with their Waltz to a classic Whitney Houston song. However, their performance sparked a tense moment, with Ballas standing up to confront Horwood over his critical comments.
The 59-year-old choreographer and judge said, "I would have liked to have seen it a little bit softer, a little bit lighter throughout."
Read more: Get a free National Trust day pass for your family day out this winter!
"It bothered me that your frame was constantly going in and out..." But Ballas didn't let the remarks go unchallenged. She stood up and asked: "What are you doing? " Shortly after, Mabuse got up from her seat and shouted: "Stop, stop stop....I am going home! " before Ballas sat back down.
Turning to her fellow judge, Ballas exclaimed: "Wait, wait, wait. Darling, he had that beautiful frame, he dropped his arms, and she looked at him willingly, ready to go with soft movements."
"With beautiful footwork, improving. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT? " before Horwood retorted: "A choice darling, a choice."
"Because I didn't know whether they were in or out all the way through that."
Ballas concluded her critique and resumed her seat, allowing Horwood to deliver a final quip. “Says Cousin IT. Sorry, the Cher wig didn’t quite work out for you."
Lightening the mood, Mabuse noted: “There is a lesson to be learned there. When mummy and daddy fight, get out of the room kids. ”.
In other news from the show, JLS star JB Gill and his temporary dance partner Lauren Oakley earned themselves the highest joint score in this year's Strictly Come Dancing season, as Amy Dowden looked on from the studio audience.
Gill’s usual dance partner, Welsh professional dancer Amy Dowden, had to sit out after being taken to Barnet Hospital directly from the BBC One show's Elstree Studios last Sunday as a "precaution" when she began "feeling unwell". She’s reported to now be "doing much better."
Oakley, 33, who hasn't been paired up with a celebrity this series, gracefully filled in, dancing to a Bruno Mars medley with Gill on Saturday night, achieving a stellar score of 39. That's tying with Tasha Ghouri and Aljaž Škorjanec’s performance.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.