A MasterChef contestant from Darwen says she has landed her dream job thanks to her appearance on the BBC show.


  Cliodhna Gibson made it to the semi-finals of the cooking competition.


She left the competition on Tuesday night’s episode (May 14) after her cheesecake curdled and she was forced to start from scratch.


  Speaking to the Lancashire Telegraph Cliodhna said: “I had an out-of-body experience when my cheesecake curdled. 


  "I like to think I am quite good at holding my nerve. The cheesecake I served wasn’t set – it was never going to be because I had to restart it.


  “I am really proud of what I managed to pull off.”


It is the second time Cliodhna has appeared on the cooking show after featuring last year.


  The personal trainer said she is proud to have made it further in the competition the second time around.


  She said: “Last time I was on the show a lot was going on in my life, I felt like I couldn’t ‘give it my all’.


  “Now I am in a happy relationship and have a good network around me to help me achieve the goals I have.


  “It would have been amazing to have come first but I have redeemed myself and got a lot further than I did last time. I felt the pressure a little more because I felt like I had something to prove.


  “I want to thank my mum and my boyfriend. I don’t think I could have done this without them.”


  Cliodhna hopes she has made Lancashire proud.


Cliodhna Gibson  (Image: Cliodhna Gibson)


  “I am proud of where I am from and like to think I’ve done Lancashire proud,” she said


  “I did my best to [highlight] Lancashire throughout the competition and paid tribute to Lancashire in many dishes.


  “I made Lancashire cheese crisps on the show. That is something John (Torode) commented on, saying I pay tribute to where I am from through my food and adding that I am so proud of where I am from.”


  The 26-year-old said she has received more career opportunities thanks to the show, including a boost in Instagram followers and securing her dream job.


  She is set to follow one of her favourite bands on tour, as part of their catering team, through a company called Rockpool Tour Catering. The company has worked with Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Metallica, Bruno Mars and other musicians in the past.


  Cliodhna said: “I have had quite a few [job opportunities and] offers. My Instagram followers increased. Famous chefs reach out asking to do pop-up events.


  “My dream is to go on tour, cooking for famous bands and musicians – and I have managed to secure myself a position doing just that.


  “I am going on tour with a very famous band that I have listened to since the age of 16.


  “Cooking for John Torode and Gregg Wallace [MasterChef judges] was amazing to be able to cook for my favourite bands and musicians, and go on tour with them across the world, is the best thing ever.”


Cliodhna Gibson  (Image: Cliodhna Gibson)


  “I have had quite a few offers. My Instagram followers increased. Famous chefs reach out asking to do pop-up events.”


  Cliodhna said she is excited about what her future holds.


  She said: “I feel like I have a really good platform now because of how far I got in the competition. I am getting some unbelievable opportunities off the back of it.


  “I am so excited for the future. I feel like I am about to embark on the biggest adventure of my life.


  “I am so excited and grateful for the opportunities I have been given and none of it would have been possible without MasterChef.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.