A thumb hitting the Ring doorbell in Summerlin. 
Usually, things are pretty quiet in the "Republic." But lately, there's been an influx of "ding and dash" hitting the Summerlin neighborhoods! The Mike & Carla Morning Show brought this up because Carla Rea has been the target of such pranks!
Of course on the "prankster" spectrum, the "ding and dash" might be at the low end. However, it tends to get a bit annoying, especially with the new Ring systems that have been out for a while. Getting alerts every 10-20 minutes is one thing, but do these kids realize that their faces appear on your screen?
Of course, this prank is harmless, but it's funny how even Pinterest has listed a bunch of harmless pranks people can pull on their neighbors. The burning bag of dog poop at the front door, tying a red balloon to a drainage grate on the street and more. All good stuff!
But Carla wanted to investigate these pranks in ger neighborhood a little harder, but it's not anyone on her street doing it. Of course, it's kids from around the block. Isn't that always the story?
You have this nice peaceful block where everyone knows each other and of course, it's a group of kids from down the street invading your space!
But The M&C Morning Show wanted to know what was that bit of crime you created when you were growing up. Being young and having no fear, you were willing to do anything to see if you could get away with it. Especially back in the day...when we had no surveillance cameras or the technology we have now.
Happy to say that listeners weren't afraid to fess up and confess. It seems that since the statute of limitations was over, it would be easier to come forward. 
Take a couple of minutes to listen to the segment and see if it doesn't bring back any memories...and enjoy!
With Justin Timberlake being arrested and making headlines in the news, it marks another name in the long legal book of celebrity arrests and DUIs.
We've seen this headline before of a celebrity drinking too much and going behind the wheel. We also live in Las Vegas, which is notorious for our fatal, drunk-driver catastrophes. The 24/7 drinking and clubs also make it the perfect ground for fighting.
Last year, TikTok celebrity Bryce Hall made news after a kerfuffle happened between him and an XS nightclub security guard that was recorded by bystanders and ultimately uploaded online.
According to TMZ, Las Vegas Metro Police Department responded to a call from XS, which is located in The Wynn. Police ended up citing Hall with two counts of battery and one count of trespassing -- all misdemeanors by the way. Video captured from the "fight" shows Hall and a few security guards getting into an altercation. A few punches were thrown and grunts were heard, but this fight may seem pretty tamed compared to other "celebrity altercations" that have taken place between LVMPD and Hollywood's finest.
Some of these crimes are serious, while some are pretty mild in comparison to others. The lucrative and hustle-nature of Las Vegas makes it a microcosm of temptation, legal issues and sometimes random acts of violence. Add an influx of money and celebrity status into this equation, and you pretty much have the perfect setting for potential trouble with law enforcement.
From rappers to movie stars and athletes, the Clark County Detention Center has seen and house all types of people. As we think of stars as people who are "not like us," the reminder that even celebs are not exempt from taking a ride with LVMPD may bring us back to reality. On top of that, seeing a celebrity snap due to the pressures of stardom is another aspect to ponder about, as well.
Scroll down below to see the celebrities who found themselves in a little bit of trouble or even committed heinous crimes during their stay in Sin City. You may be surprised to see which one of your favorite A-listers made this unfortunate list.
Christopher Massey is an actor who is best known for playing Michael Barret on the Nickelodeon television series "Zoey 101." Along with his brother, Kyle Massey, who also had a few issues with the law, Christopher ran into some trouble during a night out in Vegas. Police arrested Christopher Massey on a misdemeanor charge of domestic battery. He was arrested after having an altercation with his then girlfriend Cassalei Jackson at Marquee Club at The Cosmopolitan on April 10, 2016, according to Las Vegas Metro Police Department.
It was April 17, 2015 when security guards conducted a routine search to enter the MGM Grand's Wet Republic pool complex, according to a report from USA Today. This is when officials allegedly found 3.3 grams of cocaine and several capsules in the back pocket of Stoll's shorts, USA Today states. He pleaded guilty to two of the cases misdemeanors in June 2015. It definitely seems like he's doing better now! 
This was one of the most "memorable" celebrity arrests. Bruno Mars, whose real name is Peter Hernandez, had a fun night turn pretty unpleasant. According to an article by CBS News, security at the former Hard Rock Hotel and Casino (RIP) detained Mars. According to reports,  the singer was carrying 2.6 grams of cocaine. Considering this happened more than a decade ago and Bruno was 24 at the time, we can agree that this was a pretty common "mistake" that many young people partake in when they visit Sin City. 
This sounds like an interesting night at Drai's Nightclub. Chris Lammons, cornerback for the Kansas City Chiefs, "allegedly sucker punched a man, touching off an attack that left a man hospitalized," KSHB- Kansas City reported. This all happened Feb. 5, 2022 at The Cromwell's Drai's Nightclub. Lammons surrendered to police and was charged with a felony count of battery resulting in substantial bodily harm, and a gross misdemeanor count of conspiracy to commit battery, according to reports. 
This story is still ongoing. 25-year-old Blueface, whose real name is Johnathan Porter, is a rapper that gained virality from his catchy and snappy rap songs and his over-the-top demeanor. His relationship with reality star Chrisean Rock has been a social media spectacle that leaves many people unable to look away from their tumultuous story line. 
But, recent news about Blueface's time in Las Vegas came when police arrested the rapper on the following charges: attempted murder with a deadly weapon, discharge a firearm into an occupied vehicle (two counts), and possession of a gun by a prohibited person (due to an "active protection order" Porter was served in January). According to a report from ABC 13, a man claimed to police that he was allegedly shot at. This incident occurred at Euphoric Gentlemen's Club with the victim allegedly claiming that he was attacked and shot at by what he believes was "Blueface's entourage." 
This story is gut-wrenching. Ash Armand, whose real name is  Akshaya Kubiak, was best known for his small roll on the trash reality show, "Gigolos." In 2020, police responded to a call at Armand's home. 
Upon arrival, police found the victim, 29-year old Herleen Dulai, dead with intense signs of trauma. According to the press release from Las Vegas Metro Police Department, detectives believe that Armand (Kubiak) was under the influence of narcotics and beat the victim to death. Police arrested him for one count of open murder. Rest in peace, Herleen. 
In 2012, police arrested Hilton at the Wynn resort. According to CBS News, police said a small plastic bag containing .8 of a gram of cocaine spilled from her purse. She plead guilty to two misdemeanor charges, according to the report. 
According to the Las Vegas Sun, Flavor Fav, whose real name is William Jonathan Drayton Jr. was accused of chasing his then girlfriend's 17-year-old son with a knife and then stabbing a door with it.
In November 2011, the Mötley Crüe rock star Vince Neil plead guilty to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct. This incident happened after Neil was accused of allegedly harassing his ex-girlfriend during a show at the Las Vegas Hilton. According to the Las Vegas Sun, Neil's plea agreement had him pay a $1,000 fine, and prosecutors dropped a charge of battery constituting domestic violence.
LAS VEGAS, NV - AUGUST 30: In this handout photo provided by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, MMA fighter Jonathan Koppenhaver, aka War Machine, is seen in a police booking photo after being arrested and extradited from Simi Valley Police Department to the Clark County Detention Center to await a court hearing for brutally assaulting his ex-girlfriend Christy Mack on August 30, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Reportedly Koppehhaver, 32, is facing multiple assault and battery charges and is expected to appear in court at 8 a.m. on September 3, 2014. (Photo by Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via Getty Images)
Warning: This case may contain details that some readers find disturbing.
Jon "War Machine" Koppenhaver was a mixed martial arts fighter, who had a streak of fame after a stint on reality fighting TV. He dated adult actress Christy Mack, which elevated his press and media presence in a way. However in 2017, Nevada jurors and the court convicted him of 29 felonies stemming from his attack on his ex-girlfriend, Mack, and her boyfriend -- who she was already dating for two months -- Corey Thomas, according to ABC news. 
In 2014, Koppenhaver brutally attacked the two after Koppenhaver arrived at Mack's home unexpectedly. He started with beating Thomas first then brutally assaulted and beat Mack. According to reports from the time, Mack had a broken nose, broken facial bones, missing teeth, a fractured eye socket and leg injuries and a ruptured liver. He was sentenced to life in prison with a possibility of parole after 36 years, according to KTNV. 
Despite his gruesome crime and his life sentence, Koppenhaver actually got married in 2018 to his former penpal.
If you or someone you know is experiencing domestic violence, call Nevada's domestic violence hotline at 775-221-7600 or text SASS to 839863 for free, confidential support.
Let’s be friends! 👍 Follow us on all social media platforms:
Twitter: https://twitter.com/kklz963
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kklz963/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/kklz963/
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!