It wasn’t just Taylor Swift who was making the headlines, releasing the albums, ruling the charts and grabbing the Grammy nods in 2024 — these other pop women kept pretty busy, too:
Miley Cyrus won her first-ever Grammy in February for her chart-topping hit “Flowers.” In August, at age 31, she became the youngest person ever to be named a Disney Legend. In November, she received a Grammy nomination for Best Country Duo/Group Performance for “II MOST WANTED,” the duet she and Beyoncé recorded for Bey’s album Cowboy Carter. She also won a Hollywood Music In Media Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe award for “Beautiful That Way,” the song she wrote for the Pamela Anderson film The Last Showgirl.
Ariana Grande topped the album and singles charts with her album eternal sunshine, and its singles “yes, and?” and “we can’t be friends (wait for you love).” She topped the box office with her long-awaited movie musical Wicked, getting rave reviews, a Golden Globe nomination and Oscar buzz for her performance as Galinda. Her turn hosting Saturday Night Live in October drew just under 5.6 million viewers, giving the show its biggest audience since a May 2021 episode with Elon Musk. 
The musical guest on Ariana’s SNL episode was Stevie Nicks, marking her first performance on the show in 41 years. She sang women’s rights anthem “The Lighthouse,” her first new original song since 2020. In 2024, Stevie also headlined stadiums with Billy Joel, penned a special poem for her pal Taylor’s album The Tortured Poets Department and duetted with Harry Styles at the BST Hyde Park Festival. In November, she released a charity Christmas duet with Jason Kelce, brother of Taylor’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
Lady Gaga‘s movie Joker: Folie à Deux may not have set the box office on fire, but her companion album, Harlequin, got decent reviews. Her duet with Bruno Mars, “Die with a Smile,” grabbed two Grammy nods and became the fastest song ever to hit 1 billion streams in Spotify history. Gaga also got engaged to her longtime boyfriend, Michael Polansky, sang at the Summer Olympics — in French! — and released “Disease,” the first single from her seventh studio album. She’ll headline Coachella in 2025. 
Dua Lipa released her long-awaited sophomore album, Radical Optimism, featuring the singles “Houdini,” “Training Season” and “Illusion.” She made her big-screen debut in the film Argylle, fulfilled a lifelong dream by headlining the U.K.’s Glastonbury Festival, launched a world tour, sang with Cher at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, got her own CBS TV special and released her first live LP.
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact publicfileseattle@hubbardradio.com or (425) 653-1150.
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio Seattle, LLC