Strictly Come Dancing fans were left feeling 'annoyed' after professional dancer Lauren Oakley wasn't matched with a celebrity in this year's contest, despite her impressive performance on Saturday evening (November 2).
The ballroom hosted the 10 remaining pairs for an Icons-themed week. JLS star JB Gill was partnered with Lauren temporarily after Amy Dowden had to be hospitalised the previous weekend.
However, during the recent live show, Amy was present in the 'Clauditorium' to cheer on JB and Lauren, who performed a Couples' Choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley, earning them almost perfect scores of 39 from the judges.
Post-performance, JB expressed: "Obviously it's a new partnership, but I've been able to focus on the dancing and just do Amy proud."
Lauren also commented: "I just wanted to make Amy proud and I hope we did. We had fun out there. I hope you had fun watching.", reports the Mirror.
Amy, showing gratitude to Lauren, shared a touching memory: "I came up to Lauren when I was eight years old at Blackpool Tower, and she just danced and I told her I was her biggest fan," she said. "So thank you Lauren, thank you J[B]. I wish I could stay with you, you're amazing."
While many Strictly fans sent supportive messages to Amy on social media, there was also a sense of disappointment among some viewers that Lauren wasn't officially competing this season.
One fan took to social media, expressing their opinion: "Lauren should have been given a partner this year #strictly."
Another viewer was keen to share their praise, stating: "JB and Lauren were AMAZING. But also. Lauren has to be one of the best female professionals on the show. She's so sharp. Just brilliant! #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly."
A third fan made their feelings clear, urging: "NEVER and I mean NEVER not give Lauren a partner again! Love her #strictly."
And yet another chimed in with a direct plea: "Dear strictly. never bench Lauren Oakley again. thank you #strictly".
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.