ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 07: Rosé from BLACKPINK attends the RIMOWA "Seit 1898" 125th ... More Anniversary Exhibition at Chelsea Factory on September 07, 2023 in New York City. Blackpink star Rose and Bruno Mars are trying to push their single "Apt." to No. 1 on the U.K.'s list of the top-selling songs in the country, but it's forced to stop at No. 2. (Photo by Steven Ferdman/Getty Images)
Blackpink star Rosé released what quickly turned out to be the biggest hit of her musical career just a few weeks ago. “Apt.,” her collaboration with Bruno Mars, became an immediate global sensation the moment it arrived, and it’s performed very well on charts in a number of countries in the days since it dropped. The song has gone on to help her reach new heights and make history on several lists, and it almost earned the singer her first leader on one roster.
“Apt.” rises to a new peak of No. 2 on the Official Single Sales chart this week. The tally ranks the top-selling tunes of any genre or via any format in the United Kingdom, where Rosé and her collaborator have been living toward the summit on a number of rankings for several frames now.
Last frame, “Apt.” sat down at No. 3, and now it’s improved its best showing again. Rosé almost claimed her first champion on the Official Singles Sales chart, but she and Mars were blocked by a relatively unknown musician.
Sam Clegg rules the purchase-only roster this week in the U.K. His breakout cut “Send Me a Sign” debuts at No. 1 on the Official Singles Sales chart, blocking a rising “Apt.” from reaching the summit, at least for the time being.
Mars, meanwhile, is hoping to add to his collection of No. 1s on the sales ranking. He’s already spent time in first place on the list, thanks to his high-profile duets “Uptown Funk” with Mark Ronson and “Die with a Smile” with Lady Gaga.
“Apt.” is one of only a handful of tracks from the multi-genre star to hit the top 10 on the Official Singles Sales chart, but not rise to No. 1. “24K Magic” stalled at No. 3, while “Leave the Door Open,” his smash as one-half of Silk Sonic alongside Anderson .Paak, climbed to fourth place during its heyday.
While it might not be running the show on any chart in the U.K., “Apt.” is still a huge hit on every ranking it appears on. The single can still be found on five tallies across the pond, and it’s present inside the top five on all of them. It’s already reached the No. 1 rung on one of those five, the Official Physical Singles list.