By Peter White 
Executive Editor, Television

EXCLUSIVE: Jack Sussman is leaving CBS after 25 years.

	Sussman, EVP, Specials, Music, Live Events and Alternative Programming, CBS Entertainment, is stepping down but will remain in business with the network as an exec producer of both The Tony Awards and The Kennedy Center Honors.

	He informed colleagues of his departure moments ago in an internal memo (which you can read below). George Cheeks, President and CEO, CBS and Chief Content Officer, News and Sports, Paramount+, called Sussman a “legendary” exec in his note to staff (which you can also see below).

	Sussman has overseen CBS specials since 1998, when he joined the company as VP from Lat Am movie channel Cinecanal. He was promoted to SVP, Specials in 2000.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	He was subsequently promoted to EVP, Specials, Music and Live Events in 2006 before adding responsibility for alternative programming in 2020 as part of a restructure following the departure of Sharon Vuong. He reported to Amy Reisenbach, President of CBS Entertainment.

	During his run, he has overseen the network’s blue-chip events and specials, such as the Grammy Awards, the Tony Awards and the Kennedy Center Honors, as well as CBS’ presentations of the Academy of Country Music Awards and A Home for the Holidays.

	He also supervised the Emmy-winning Adele One Night Only and Emmy-nominated One Last Time: An Evening With Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga.

	On the unscripted side, he oversaw series such as Survivor and Big Brother as well as Tough As Nails, Undercover Boss and The Amazing Race.

	On the music specials front, he has worked with Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Ricky Martin, Faith Hill, Garth Brooks, U2, Elton John and Tina Turner, and led tributes such as The Beatles: The Night That Changed America, Stevie Wonder: Songs in the Key of Life – An All-Star Tribute and Motown 60: A Grammy Celebration as well as The Carol Burnett Show: Show Stoppers and Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Special.

	Sussman was one of the longest serving execs at CBS and his departure follows that of other long-tenured executives including Kelly Kahl, who left in November 2022 after 26 years, sales chief Jo Ann Ross, who had been there 30 years and Kevin Berg, EVP, Production, who left after 25 years. 

	In his note, Sussman called CBS a “special place”. “There’s a reason many folks stay here a long time. The people here are extraordinary. I’ll never forget the many teammates, past and present, who were with me in the fox holes on our climb to the top. Together, we helped build a ratings dynasty,” he said.

	










	In addition to exec producing the Tonys and The Kennedy Center Honors, starting in 2024, Sussman said he will be developing and producing “outside passion projects” for various platforms.

	CBS is currently working out his replacement. We hear there may be more news on this later today.

	Sussman highlighted the work of his two deputies, Mitch Graham on the unscripted side and Mackenzie Mitchell on the music and specials side. “The team is in great hands moving forward.  They are simply the best, and a big reason this decision is both easier and harder,” he said.

	Cheeks said that Sussman will continue in his executive role until the middle of February. He called him a “key figure in making CBS the home for the best entertainment and music specials on television for more than two decades” and a “spectacular” colleague, adviser and friend.

Note From Jack Sussman, EVP, Specials, Music, Live Events and Alternative Programming, CBS Entertainment:

This is my first group email to the people of CBS. It’s also my last. I’ve always been more of a talker than a writer (I can see your heads nodding).  After 25 years, I’ve decided to step away from my executive role leading CBS Specials, Music and Alternative programming.

I’m ready. For two important reasons. First, I’m returning to my roots. I get to close out my career how I started in this business – producing. Working with talented artists and other creative producers has always been the best part of the job and now I will get to do that full time.  Thanks to George and Amy, I will become an Executive Producer for The Tony Awards and The Kennedy Center Honors starting in 2024. I’ll also be developing and producing outside passion projects for various platforms and live events along with the pro social and charitable organizations I have connected with throughout my career.  A perfect next chapter as I look to slow down a little (my wife Jody is skeptical on the last part).

Second, I have a great team that is ready and capable to do more. So proud to have watched these individuals and the collective team grow. Mitch Graham is the best Alternative executive in town and Mackenzie Mitchell has grown into an outstanding executive overseeing our Music and Specials. You will not find 2 finer humans.  The team is in great hands moving forward.   They are simply the best, and a big reason this decision is both easier and harder. I love this team and I’ll miss our day-to-day, but fortunately I won’t be far away with two CBS tentpole events in June and December. 

CBS is a special place. There’s a reason many folks stay here a long time. The people here are extraordinary. I’ll never forget the many teammates, past and present, who were with me in the fox holes on our climb to the top. Together, we helped build a ratings dynasty.

I’ve also been blessed to be part of over 100 combined Grammys, Tonys, Kennedy Center Honors, and annual country music specials on CBS. I’ve had the privilege of producing signature top-rated CBS events with Celine Dion, Bruno Mars, Michael Jackson, Garth Brooks, Carol Burnett, Adele, Oprah, live Survivor finales and specials with dozens of the greatest artists of the past three decades.  I’m so grateful to all the artists, managers, producers, record labels and production teams I’ve worked with along the way. I had the good fortune early in my run at CBS of being mentored (and yelled at on occasion) by the giants who started the live television event business.  I learned so much from them, and only hope I have been able to pass along some of that historical wisdom to this next generation.  











To all my amazing CBS colleagues and friends: I’m in the halls for several more weeks. Please don’t be a stranger. My last act in this executive role will be the upcoming Grammy Awards next month.

Looking back — this kid from Brooklyn who was fascinated with television growing up, loved music (but could not adequately play any of the dozens of instruments I tried), loved theater and had the acting bug (but no talent in front of the camera or on stage) — the last 25 years have been a dream come true.  I only wish the same for all of you.  It was wild fun ride here at CBS from worst to first but the people made it all worthwhile.  And as another former CBS employee said back in the day – “And that’s the way it is.” 

Much love. 

Jack 

Note From George Cheeks, President & CEO, CBS & Chief Content Officer, News and Sport, Paramount+

Team – As you’ll read in his note below, Jack Sussman, our legendary head of CBS Specials, Music and Alternative programming, has decided to step away from his role leading those areas after more than 25 incredible years at the company.

Jack has been the key figure in making CBS the home for the best entertainment and music specials on television for more than two decades. He has consistently delivered the most relevant artists, breathtaking productions and an alchemy of live-event and broadcast impact that have set the standard in our industry. He has also been the network’s respected and trusted steward for our perennial tentpole awards shows and other high-profile broadcasts.

On a personal note, Jack has been a spectacular colleague, adviser and friend to me since I joined CBS. I know we’ll all miss him. I’m excited that he is remaining part of the family, representing CBS as an executive producer for THE TONY AWARDS and THE KENNEDY CENTER HONORS beginning this year.

Jack is still with us in his executive role until the middle of February. Please join me in thanking him for his invaluable and memorable service to CBS.

George
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.