BBC Radio 1's Christmas Live Lounge will see twelve special performances with some of the hottest acts in the world set to perform
BBC Radio 1 has announced a festive treat for listeners this Christmas – twelve special performances in the world-famous Radio 1 Live Lounge.
Across twelve days, Radio 1’s Christmas Live Lounge will feature brand new performances from some of the biggest global artists including Rosé, Jorja Smith, Griff, Tom Grennan, Michael Kiwanuka, FLO and Laufey. Plus some of the best Christmas covers from the Live Lounge archive will be played on the network, from the likes of Coldplay, Harry Styles, Ed Sheeran and Anne-Marie, Hozier and Stormzy.
Radio 1’s Christmas Live Lounge 2024 will kick off at 12pm on Monday 2 December and will run until Thursday 19 December in Rickie, Melvin and Charlie’s Radio 1 show (Monday – Thursday, 10.30am-1pm).
Rosé says: “Hi my number ones, I'm so excited to be performing in Radio 1’s Live Lounge this coming Christmas! Can’t wait for you guys to see it soon!"
Rickie, Melvin and Charlie say: “We’re so excited for Radio 1’s Christmas Live Lounge – it’s the best present we could’ve asked for! We can’t wait to get into the festive spirit with our listeners with performances from some of the world’s best artists, and some epic Christmas Covers from the Live Lounge archive. It’s going to be the perfect countdown to Christmas.”
All performances from Radio 1’s Christmas Live Lounge can be heard on Radio 1 and BBC Sounds, and will be available to watch on demand on Radio 1’s BBC iPlayer and YouTube channels.
This year Radio 1 celebrates twenty five years of the iconic Live Lounge with the Christmas Live Lounge bringing the milestone year to a close. Over the years some of the biggest names across the globe have performed with alumni including Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Sabrina Carpenter, Ed Sheeran, Ariana Grande and Noah Kahan. Past Live Lounge tracks from Miley Cyrus, 30 Seconds To Mars, Dua Lipa and Bruno Mars have attracted over 50 million views each on Radio 1's YouTube channel.
GD2
Notes
Radio 1’s Christmas Live Lounge 2024 line-up is:
The page will automatically reload. You may need to reload again if the build takes longer than expected.
            
Hides preview environment warning banner on preview pages.
Select a theme and theme mode and click "Load theme" to load in your theme combination.