e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The Fremont County Community Concert Association is excited to announce its 2024 – 2025 musical season. The Association has been bringing various world-class music to the area for over 75 years. This season features nationally and internationally known artists for your entertainment and enjoyment.
The season kicks off on Tuesday, Sept. 24 with Jared Freiberg & the Vagabonds, featuring an incredibly talented group that will prepare you to enter a time capsule to the golden era of American music featuring an electric lineup of your favorite Rock & Roll, Blues, Country and jazz hits from the 1950s.
The season continues Tuesday, Oct. 22, with Letters from Home, a USO-style show honoring artists like Frank Sinatra, the Andrews Sisters, Vera Lynn, the Nicholas Brothers, Creedence Clearwater Revival, and many others. High-energy singing and tap dancing will leave you feeling great. No two performances are the same, but each show will be funny, historical, and inspirational.
After Midnight – Time to Swing, our next offering on Sunday, Jan. 26, features award-winning clarinetist, Roger Campbell, bringing us an encore performance of Colorado’s Premier Swing Band. Since 1997, this extraordinary group of musicians has performed hundreds of concerts around the country for jazz festivals, clubs, summer concerts, and more.
Saturday, March 29, Sail On plays the music of “America’s Band”, The Beach Boys. The group will perform all the Beach Boys’ classic hits, plus some treasures from the group’s brilliant extended catalog. Sail On performs over 100 shows annually, enjoying the unique challenge and privilege of bringing one of pop music’s greatest legacies to audiences everywhere.
The season concludes Sunday, April 13, with Colorado-based “Spinphony”, an instrumental crossover string group. Breaking down barriers between classical, rock, and pop music, they mix and “mash” catchy melodies into unique arrangements such as “Bach in Black” and “Don’t Stop Beethoven”. Whether you’re a fan of ACDC, Vivaldi, or Bruno Mars, the Spinphony show includes music that everyone will love.
Enjoy this exciting season by becoming a member of the Fremont County Community Concert Association for the amazing price of $70. Tickets are not exclusive to the purchaser but may be lent to family or friends if the member is unable to attend any concert. Four of the concerts will be held in the Canon City High School Auditorium.
The Sail On concert will be at the Steeple Event Center. For more information and to access a printable membership form and program flyer, visit www.fremontcountyconcerts.org or our Facebook page.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group