Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The singer will open the the new Inglewood home to the Los Angeles Clippers in two back-to-back shows in August. 

							By 

	Lexy Perez

Associate Editor

Bruno Mars is helping mark the grand opening of the Intuit Dome. 

	The singer was announced as the performer for the special grand opening of Intuit Dome in Inglewood, California, it was announced Friday. 



	The Dome is the new home to the Los Angeles Clippers. The performance will mark Bruno Mars’ return to Los Angeles after a six-year hiatus. He will perform in two back-to-back opening night shows on Thursday, Aug. 15, and Friday, Aug. 16. 

	“We are thrilled Bruno Mars will open Intuit Dome,” Gillian Zucker, CEO, Halo Sports and Entertainment, said in a statement. “Bruno, who has a strong connection to Inglewood, will undoubtedly deliver an iconic performance that is worthy of this moment and will leave a lasting impression on everyone who attends these two shows.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	General News
			



	
		
					Jon M. Chu, Michelle Yeoh, Dwayne Johnson, Ang Lee, Bruno Mars and THR's Maer Roshan Among 2025 Gold House A100 Honorees		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					After the Fires, How Toxic Are L.A.'s Beaches?		
			








	At Intuit Dome, fans will be able to enjoy an intimate viewing experience with premium seats that hover over the floor, designed to reduce the gap between sections. Intuit Dome also features an 80,000-square-foot outdoor Plaza that houses a 5,000-square-foot retail store and three bars and restaurants. The Plaza’s LED screen is recognized as the largest outdoor 4K LED screen in Los Angeles.

The Lexus Courtside Lounge that will be available to those with courtside seats is designed by London-based interior designer Rita Konig, who was also behind the look of the Hollywood-loved private members’ club San Vicente Bungalows. 

	Other performers set to take the stage at the Intuit Dome this year include Billy Joel, Twenty One Pilots and Usher. 

	Tickets for both Bruno Mars performance dates go on sale Thursday, April 11, at 10 a.m. PT via Ticketmaster.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.