Also this week: New West Records goes on a promotion spree, Sony Music Publishing hires a new vp of creative and Armada Music appoints a head of catalog.

													By
												

	Marc Schneider

Industry News Editor

Welcome to the latest spin ’round the Executive Turntable, Billboard’s comprehensive(ish) compendium of promotions, hirings, exits and firings — and all things in between — across music. 

Read on for [mostly] good news and also check out Billboard‘s annual list of music’s highest compensated executives, plus our weekly interview series spotlighting a single executive (today it’s Sony’s Lauren Thomas), our helpful calendar of notable events, and have you ever wanted to look at tchotchkes inside the office of an executive while reading their in-depth answers to the most important questions facing the biz? From the Desk Of is probably your jam.

Aric Steinberg has been elevated to executive director of Sweet Relief Musicians Fund, the 30-year-old non-profit that delivers a lifeline to musicians and industry types facing financial hardships due to illness, disabilities or other challenges. Founded by folk singer-songwriter Victoria Williams in 1994 following the release of a star-studded benefit album on her behalf, the charity offers financial assistance to artists, composers, road crew, agents and others in the form of grants to cover essential expenses ranging from medical bills to housing and food. The LA-based Steinberg joined Sweet Relief in 2010 and most recently served as executive vp of development and artist relations, though he has been essentially filling the role since the 2017 passing of former director Rob Max. “It is long overdue that in 2024 we are officially giving Aric the title of executive director … as he has been embodying that position for many years now,” noted fund president Bill Bennett. “I look forward to an extraordinary future with Aric where Sweet Relief will continue to help more and more musicians and music industry workers in need.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Sweet Relief has assisted a wide range of artists over the years, most recently Sick of It All frontman Lou Koller and singer-songwriter Jesse Malin — who both have benefit concerts planned for them later this year. “I see a bright future for Sweet Relief as we continue to grow and help more musicians and music industry professionals every year,” said Steinberg. “This 30th anniversary year has been our best ever, and I look forward to serving the community in the years to come.”

Meanwhile…

Alen Torosyan is promoted to general manager of Warner Music Emerging Markets, effective Oct. 1, while Jonathan Jules has joined as vice president of creative. Both will report to Alfonso Perez Soto, president of emerging markets. This division is home to artists including Calin, Diljit Dosanjh and Joeboy, and covers rapidly growing regions such as Africa, Eastern Europe, India, and the Middle East, which have expanded through strategic investments and partnerships. Torosyan, with over a decade at Warner Music, was previously vp of operations for the division. Jules, formerly vp of international marketing and operations at EMPIRE, will now drive strategic leadership to WMEM’s A&R and marketing teams. Perez Soto praised Torosyan’s “unflappable” ability to multitask and carry out detail-oriented projects “without losing his forensic focus on detail,” and lauded Jules’ entrepreneurial drive and “ability to read the shifting sands of culture and music, anticipating tomorrow’s trends.” Perez Soto added: “Together, they’ll help us superserve artists and rapidly grow our business.”

Sony Music Publishing hired Caroline Elleray as vice president of creative, songwriter services, effective immediately. In this role, Elleray will lead efforts to support songwriters, manage catalogs and collaborate with global creative teams to explore new growth opportunities. The London-based Elleray reports to co-managing directors Tim Major and David Ventura. With over two decades of experience in music publishing, including previous stints at UMPG and BMG, she has discovered and developed artists like Coldplay, Keane, Feist, Rex Orange County and Mumford & Sons. Alongside her new role at SMP, Elleray will continue managing Second Songs, a publishing and management venture she co-founded in 2022 with Mark Gale. Second Songs, in partnership with SMP UK, represents talents like Victoria Canal and songwriters Matt Hales and Dan Green. “Her track record, the songwriters and artists she has worked with speak for themselves, showcasing her immense and relentless dedication for music creators,” said Ventura, who is also SMP UK’s president and svp of international.

	Nashville-based record label New West Records promoted Tommy Robinson to general manager and vp of sales, while Brady Block was boosted to senior vp of media and reissues producer. Katie Keller has been upped to vp of project management, while Meg Barron rises to director of A&R and publishing. Brooke Nixon joins as vp of digital marketing, following a role as director of streaming at Big Machine Label Group imprint The Valory Music Co. New West’s current roster includes Aaron Lee Tasjan, 49 Winchester, Ben Folds, American Aquarium and more. –Jessica Nicholson

Universal Music Finland appointed veteran executive Petri Mannonen to CEO, effective immediately. Mannonen joined UMG in 2010 as a commercial director and in 2017 expanded his responsibilities to include overseeing operations in the Baltics (Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania). Prior to Universal, he was CEO of Viasat Finland (now Viaplay), a pay television company. The UMF roster includes KUUMAA, Mirella and Robin Packale, among others. “The Finnish music market is in a really interesting situation at the moment,” said Mannonen. “Music is now easier to release than ever, and as the selection grows, the role of major record labels is also emphasized. Our job is to focus on building long-term artist careers while taking care of artists. We want to offer our current and future artists a creative and professional place to grow and develop while making sure that their music reaches the right audiences.”

FUGA, the Downtown-owned B2B music distributor, promoted Renato Vanzella to general manager of LATAM, expanding his previous role as GM of Brazil to oversee operations in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Mexico. Vanzella will focus on business development, client relations, and partnerships with DSPs, reporting to Sarah Landy, the senior vp for the Americas. Since joining FUGA in 2019, Vanzella has significantly grown the team and secured key clients, including Elemess, MJC Music, Beeside Records, and Radar Records. Landy praised Renato Vanzella’s promotion, highlighting his “exceptional strategic vision and leadership” over the years. “Renato consistently has demonstrated a deep understanding of the local music landscape, and his passion for collaboration and client service has earned him the respect of our team and our partners,” she said.

Armada Music appointed Susanne Hazendonk as head of catalog, bringing over 15 years of industry experience from Spinnin’ Records and Warner Music Benelux. Having worked with top dance artists such as Lucas & Steve, Sam Feldt and Afrojack, as well as hitmakers like Bruno Mars and The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Hazendonk is well-versed in both dance music and big ol’ hits. She’ll report directly to COO Jop Bonnike, leading marketing and storytelling efforts and overseeing the expansion of Armada’s catalog department and acquisitions through the BEAT Music Fund. Bonnike praise Hazendonk’s “unwavering passion and infectious enthusiasm for dance music, adding, “As we continue to prioritize the growth and evolution of our catalog department, we’re looking forward to working alongside Susanne to seize new opportunities in the market.”

Big Loud Rock added Zach Siegal-Eisman as vice president of digital and viral marketing, overseeing the imprint’s digital marketing strategy and execution, as well as artist growth and digital presence of both upcoming and catalog record releases. Earlier this year, Siegal-Eisman launched the marketing consultancy Amplify Legacy and previously worked at social media agency Crowd Surf and at Artist Network Management. –J.N.

BOARD SHORTS: The Music Managers Forum appointed Niamh Byrne as chair and Jill Hollywood as vice chair, succeeding Paul Craig and Kwame Kwaten, respectively, who recently stepped down after serving two three-year terms. Byrne, co-founder of Eleven Management, has made a mark with artists including Damon Albarn, Blur and Gorillaz. She brings a wealth of experience, having held roles at Universal Music UK and her consultancy firm The Engine Room. Hollywood, founder of Echo Beach Management, has managed both legendary producers and emerging talents, including current roster Jacknife Lee, Ash Howes and Ash Workman. Hollywood previously spent over a decade at Big Life Management. MMF also said that Theory Management’s Hide Whone is joining the board, replacing Clare Wright … Newport Folk launched the Newport Folk Stewardship Program, designed to recognize individuals who have significantly contributed to Newport’s legacy and challenge the “Folk Family” to innovate for the future. The first appointee is St. Louis-born Americana artist Nathaniel Rateliff, who’ll focus on artist advocacy, mentorship and fellowship, both within the Newport Folk community and beyond. He’ll serve a three-year term, with two years as an active steward and one as an advisor to his successor.

Nettwerk welcomed Ruth Wyatt as director of sync for UK and Europe, bringing her experience from Warner Music UK, where she successfully placed artists in various sync opportunities. Her notable achievements include Sam Ryder’s “Christmas To Me.” Wyatt said she’s looking forward to helping Network build out its sync opportunities across the UK and Europe, adding, “It’s never been a more exciting time to be in the sync space, with more productions being made than ever before and we’re witnessing breakout productions from the Nordics, Spain, Germany, France Australia, all of which are attracting overwhelmingly international audiences, subsequently creating global impact for our artists.” Nettwerk co-founder Mark Jowett, said Wyatt’s “expertise in achieving syncs is matched only by her passion for supporting great music and artists.”

Alphabeats, a startup using music and neurofeedback tech to help athletes improve mental acuity, announced that chief commercial officer and U.S. president Jorrit DeVries will assume the role of global CEO. Current chief Han Dirkx, one of alphabeats’ three co-founders along with DeVries, will move into the role of chief operating officer and lead the company’s product, research and development, and technology teams based in The Netherlands. As U.S. president, DeVries has overseen sales, marketing, product development and fundraising. Prior to joining alphabeats, he was global head of category development at Spotify, and he has also held senior roles at Samsung, Vodafone and Warner Music, leading teams in the U.S. and Europe.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.