Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars released their duet, "Die With A Smile," a mid-tempo ballad complete with a funky, vintage-performance vibe music video.The context of this duet is still a bit of a mystery. It's unknown if the song will be featured in Joker: Folie à Deux, the Joker sequel where Gaga stars alongside Joaquin Phoenix. It could just be a stand-alone collaboration. Gaga teased the duet on Instagram, writing, "While you wait till LG7...'Die With A Smile,' a duet with Bruno Mars."
Fans are already loving the track. The comment section on YouTube is filled with positive feedback. One user wrote, "Lady Gaga x Bruno Mars is the collab we didn't deserve, but needed." Another user wrote, "Whoever decided to pair these two together for a song is a genius. Thank you." One user shared a very interesting idea: "Petition to get a full album from these two together."A Gaga/Mars album sure would be interesting. Depending on the success of "Die With A Smile," it certainly wouldn't be unreasonable for the two of them to pursue a larger project. In fact, Gaga joined Mars on stage last night (August 15) during his show, which was the official opening of the Intuit Dome, the new sports venue and new home to the Los Angeles Clippers. Gaga and Mars, of course, performed their new song and sounded incredible.
In the meantime, "Die With A Smile" is available for streaming and download here.
While Gaga promotes her new single with Mars, we are less than two months away from the October 4 release of Joker: Folie A Deux. A trailer for the film was released last month.Gaga, of course, plays Harley Quinn. The trailer shows Joker and Quinn meeting for the first time in some sort of mental institution. Gaga's Quinn can be heard via voiceover saying, "When I first saw Joker - when I first saw you - for once in my life, I didn't feel so alone anymore."The exact plot still seems to be a mystery. We know Joker and Quinn meet and then proceed to cause chaos, but it's unknown what that chaos is. It's been widely publicized that the movie is also a musical, but it certainly doesn't seem like a traditional movie musical. Clearly, all of these questions will be answered in October, but it's not stopping anyone from speculating.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!