Vito Coppola has been seen declaring his love for not one but two of his Strictly Come Dancing co-stars shortly after fans issued a 'breaking news' announcement about him.
The professional dancer was seen back in the show's famous ballroom over the weekend alongside his celebrity dance partner Sarah Hadland. The latter was seen channelling none other than Madonna for Strictly's first-ever 'Icons Week'.
The new themed week saw the remaining couples in the BBC One dance contest take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band - with the likes of Whitney Houston, George Michael and Bruno Mars all chosen.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing's Sam Quek shares 'sobering reminder' as she breaks silence on exit
For Sarah, she was seen getting excited to perform as the icon that is Madonna, with her and Vito dancing a Cha Cha Cha to the singer's 1989 track, Like a Prayer, during week seven of Strictly's 2024 series.
Motsi Mabuse was quick to praise Sarah and Vito for their 'iconic' performance while Shirley Ballas pointed out some 'gorgeous' details before saying the performance needed "fluidity and flexibility". Anton Du Beke told them that he was "speechless" as Craig Revel Horwood noted that Vito had worked Sarah hard to achieve their "powerhouse performance" which saw them bag 37 out of 40 points.
But Vito has once again proven that as well as wanting him and Sarah to do the best they can in the hit dance show, he's also supporting his co-stars, including Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell, who he is set to tour with next year.
Responding to a clip of the comedian and Australian pro's latest routine, which saw them deliver a Tango to rock band KISS' hit Rock and Roll All Nite to a score of 29 points, Vito said on social media: "Love you guys. Chris we all love you and Gorji @diannebuswell I m just so proud of you."
The Italian dancer's comments came after fans were left stunned by his own performance and it left them issuing a 'breaking news' announcement.
Vito caused quite the distraction thanks to his latest outfit consisting of tight leather trousers and hip-baring mesh bodysuit. And at the end of his and Sarah's routine, the 32-year-old was seen risking the elactisity of his trousers by performing a high kick and going into the splits on a set of stairs while Sarah struck a pose at the top.
@Ann_Armchair said: "Fave part of Icons week? Vito's high kick #strictly." @TheTuftandQuiff joked: "BREAKING NEWS: #Vito's high kick just received a 1 hour 35 minute standing ovation from me in my bedroom after watching it for the 200th time #StrictlyComeDancing #SCD."
But @katbrown added: "It’s a testament to Sarah’s energy and acting ability that she isn’t remotely upstaged, even when Vito effortlessly launches into a scissor kick bordering on the splits at the end, let alone that bodysuit and trousers combo. #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.