Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A growing number of Masked Singer viewers claim to have 'stopped listening' to clues on who Piranha is, having been sure on his identity from the moment he started singing weeks ago.
Definitely one of the best singers on the ITV show this year, Piranha has been delivering some great performances since making his debut in week two, when he belted out a stunning rendition of Celine Dion's It's All Coming Back To Me Now. The last few rounds of the competition have seen Piranha lend his voice to songs by the likes of Bruno Mars and Michael Bolton and on Saturday night, he sang Kelly Clarkson's Since U Been Gone.
As like all the other acts, a VT of clues aired before Piranha took to the stage, including a very obvious one about the Royal Albert Hall and another about the Brit Awards. Both of those can be applied to Piranha being McFly star Danny Jones, but many fans don't need to rely on clues to draw that conclusion, having known it was Danny since the first performance.
READ MORE: The Masked Singer's Piranha exposed by fans as pop star 'goes silent' on Instagram
Get all the latest TV and showbiz news and gossip from Chronicle Live with our free newsletter..
Reacting to Saturday's Masked Singer on X (Twitter) one fan wrote: "Tbh I don’t even listen to the clues for Piranha anymore the Brit Award clue is when McFly won one," as another, baffled as to how anyone can think Piranha is NOT Danny posted: "How anyone can still deny that Piranha is @itsDannyJones in #TheMaskedSinger is beyond me!! Said it from week 1 but now the clues are so obvious! As well as his voice!!!"
Having been 'rumbled' by fans thanks to clues about his wife being a former Miss England winner, McFly album Motion in the Ocean and him singing a Michael Bolton in reference to Danny being from Bolton, there were more indications on Saturday night. McFly both played the Royal Albert Hall and won a Brit Award, while the number 3000 in the VT is in reference to McFly supporting Busted, who had a big hit with Year 3000.