Dianne Buswell has been told to 'stop' as she melted her fans' hearts with a sweet declaration about dance. The Strictly Come Dancing star was marking 'International Dance Day' when she shared a video of herself and her boyfriend Joe Sugg.
Fans of the Australian dancer will know she has been in a relationship with the YouTube star after they first met on the BBC One dance show back in 2018. And after it was dance that brought them together, it appears the loved-up pair still enjoy a boogie from time to time.
In the video she shared on Instagram, Dianne and Joe could be seen in their kitchen as he initiated them throwing some moves by shimmying in her direction. She then tested if he remembered some of their salsa from back when they took part in Strictly.
READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson and Gorka Marquez reveal abroad plans after 'upset' and share wedding update
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
As they laughed and enjoyed the spontaneous movement, Dianne captioned the post: "Happy international dance day ! I thank dance for many things but especially for him [crying laughing emoji and red heart emoji] @joe_sugg."
And the comments quickly came flooding in. @eddo_official said: "Stopppppp I can’t believe it’s been 6 years since you two were partnered. Who knew all these years later we would still be here. So precious." @tamsin_niven wrote: "The universe is a magical place. I’ll never get bored of watching you both dance together."
@millssgrace_ replied: "It’s mad how dancing bought you together and we watched it bring you together!! happy international dance day to you both, can’t wait to be back watching you dance literally next week." @smudgercfc shared: "Smiled through out watching that. Could watch you two dancing all the time." @x.dianne_buswell.x added: "Seeing you two still dance together is honestly my favourite thing!! Dance is the most incredible thing."
It comes after fans were left making the same observation as Dianne shared a wedding video of herself and Joe - but it wasn't as it seemed. The 34-year-old took to social media over the weekend shared a photo of herself posing in a swimming pool that she previously shared during a recent spa break with Joe, 32.
However, it actually turned out to be a video that transitioned to reveal a new picture of the pair seemingly enjoying a happy wedding day. But it wasn't what it seemed as it turned out to be an AI-generated snap showing what Dianne and Joe would look like if they'd tied the knot in another era.
Rather than her trademark red hair, Dianne is seen sporting more brunette-blonde locks with a lace bow headband across her head. Meanwhile, Joe had plenty of brown hair as he rocked a black suit and cream tie.
Sharing the video to Instagram, a message read: "Wait for it," alongside a number of crying laughing emojis. She then added in the caption: "This really tickled me!" alongside the Bruno Mars track 'Marry You'.
But the clip did have fans doing a double-take as they enjoyed the 80s vibe depicted, with some saying that the couple looked very much like Scott and Charlene in Neighbours, which were famously played by Jason Donovan and Kylie Minogue.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.