Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden has shared a poignant message after having to withdraw from the competition due to a foot injury. The 34 year old Welsh dancer, who returned to the BBC show for its landmark 20th series after missing out last year due to undergoing cancer treatment, expressed her heartache on Instagram.
Her celebrity dance partner, JLS's JB Gill, will now dance with pro Lauren Oakley, who previously filled in for Dowden. In her emotional post on Monday evening, Dowden reflected on how she had felt "free again" over the past few months, focusing on dance rather than her battle with cancer.
She shared: "My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up."
"It was choreography, music choices, which dances in which order, what we needed to work on. I felt free again."
"My goal since hearing those words you have cancer was to get back on the Strictly dance floor. It’s been such a challenge to get back, one I devoted 2024 too."
"Which with my incredible team we got there. Something I wanted to do for myself and loved ones. There was no feeling like it dancing again in the ballroom with my Strictly family."
Dowden expressed her gratitude towards her dance partner Gill, describing him as the "perfect partner" to return to. She praised him as a "talented, kind, gentle soul" and highlighted the positive atmosphere of their training room, which was "chilled, hardworking and full of big smiles enjoying what we was creating together with a blossoming friendship".
The pair had achieved significant success in the competition, topping the leaderboard in week one and consistently performing well. Their last dance together, a foxtrot to Dancing In The Moonlight by Toploader during Halloween week, earned them a score of 32.
Dowden conveyed her sadness and disappointment at their journey being cut short, stating, "I’m so sad, so upset and asking why me, why now that our journey has been cut short."
She revealed that she had to withdraw from the competition due to a foot injury, acknowledging that she will soon recover and return to dancing, a process she has had to adapt to in her life. Dowden assured Gill and his new dance partner Oakley that she will "forever be your biggest cheerleader" and extended her gratitude to her fans, loved ones, and the Strictly family.
A spokesperson for Strictly announced, "Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year."
The statement explained that while Amy focuses on her recovery from a foot injury, fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley will step in as JB’s dance partner. The spokesperson emphasized that the health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority and conveyed the Strictly family's love and well wishes to Amy.
Fleur East delivered a touching message on Monday's episode of the Strictly spin-off 'It Takes Two', saying: "Sending you all our love Amy, get better soon."
After the announcement, Gill referred to it as "heartbreaking news" but noted that their "moments will be forever in Strictly history". He expressed his gratitude towards Dowden, stating: "Thank you for being the best teacher. Nothing but love from all of the Gill family," in a heartfelt comment on her social media post.
Oakley also showed her support, commenting: "This too shall pass. We’re still a team. Love you. You did the ground work, I’ll carry your partnership forward and hopefully make you proud XXX."
Other Strictly stars including Neil Jones, Nadiya Bychkova, Tasha Ghouri, and Wynne Evans from the 2024 line-up sent their well-wishes to Dowden. Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse praised Dowden's bravery, saying: "Your courage and strength inspire us all," and acknowledged that focusing on her health is "the most beautiful act of self-care and resilience".
Mabuse continued with words of encouragement: "Know that the entire Strictly family and everyone who loves you are with you every step of the way. We miss you deeply on the dance floor, but your well-being is what matters most."
Motsi added a personal note: "Sending you all my love, support, and strength as you take this time for yourself. Can’t wait to see you shining bright again when you’re ready. Love, Motsi."
On Saturday, despite her absence, Dowden was there in spirit, watching as Gill and Oakley performed a Bruno Mars medley, achieving the joint highest score of the series so far.
Dowden was rushed to hospital as a "precaution" after "feeling unwell" following the live show the previous weekend and missed the Sunday results programme, her representative confirmed at the time. Last year, Dowden discovered a lump in her breast while on her honeymoon in the Maldives with fellow professional dancer Ben Jones, which prevented her from competing on Strictly.
After undergoing treatment for stage three breast cancer, including a mastectomy and chemotherapy, she announced in February that tests showed she had "no evidence of disease". The Caerphilly-born dancer has shared her experiences with both cancer and Crohn’s disease on several BBC shows.
She led the BBC programme Strictly Amy: Crohn’s And Me, which she said helped her "accept" her own condition for the "first time ever" after meeting others living with the bowel disease. Dowden, who was admitted to hospital in Manchester following a Crohn’s flare-up during the 2022 Strictly live tour, said the BBC show inspired her to lead Strictly Amy: Cancer And Me, where she discussed her fertility and health issues.
Join our Breaking News and Top Stories WhatsApp community for all the latest news direct to your phone.
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN