As the NBA offseason action cools off, LA Clippers fans are looking forward to the opening of their team's brand new arena on August 15. The Intuit Dome will host a Bruno Mars concert to officially open the venue, before it becomes the new home of Clippers basketball when the season tips off in October. 
On Wednesday, two beloved former Clippers players appeared outside the new arena. The team's official account on X (formerly Twitter) posted a picture of Lou Williams and Jamal Crawford posing with the Intuit Dome signage in the background. The caption reads "Two Sixth Men walk into Intuit Dome." 
Long-time Clippers fans have plenty of good memories of Williams and Crawford in Los Angeles. Lou won the Sixth Man of the Year award twice in the Clipper uniform, doing it back-to-back years in 2018 and 2019. Williams was part of some of the best teams in franchise history, becoming a key piece of playoff teams in the first two seasons of the 213 era. 
Six of Lou's top-seven scoring outings of his NBA career came while he was a Clipper, including his career-high of 50 points against the Warriors in January of 2018. As for Crawford, he spent five seasons in LA and also took home two Sixth Man awards in his Clippers tenure in 2014 and 2016. 
The Staples Center was once filled with Lou Williams and Jamal Crawford jerseys at Clippers home games, and now the two are joining the fanbase in growing the hype around the Intuit Dome. Both these players went on to compete with other NBA teams following their respective departures from Los Angeles, but the fact they both still relate to the Clippers says a lot about the culture of this team. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.