By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:07, 18 August 2024   |  Updated:  05:59, 19 August 2024   
 1.5k
View  comments
Ben Affleck was smiling again as he reunited with his ex-wife Jennifer Garner to send their daughter Violet off to college over the weekend - but his current wife Jennifer Lopez was notably absent for the significant family moment amid their marriage turmoil. 
In photos exclusively obtained by DailyMail.com, the actor, 52, was happy and relaxed as he enjoyed dinner with Garner, 52, Violet, 18, and their child Fin, 15, in the town of New Haven, Connecticut on Saturday. 
Violet is rumored to be attending Yale University, and the Ivy League school is located in New Haven. 
The happy occasion came amid rumors Ben's marriage with Lopez is in trouble. He was not wearing his wedding ring during the outing. 
Despite her close bond with Violet, Lopez , 52, was also absent from the milestone occasion.
Ben Affleck was smiling again as he reunited with his ex-wife Jennifer Garner to send their daughter Violet off to college over the weekend - but his current wife Jennifer Lopez was notably absent for the significant family moment amid their marriage turmoil 
The four enjoyed dinner al fresco at the restaurant South Bay before going for a relaxing walk in the area. At one point during the outing, a beaming Ben embraced Fin.
Ben, clad in a button down, slacks, and Nike trainers, was spotted pulled Fin in for a sweet hug as the four gathered along the sidewalk. 
Garner, meanwhile, sported a striped top, jeans, and smart black glasses.  
The four appeared truly relaxed and at ease as they enjoyed a summer evening together ahead of Violet's milestone moment.
Garner was married to Affleck from 2005 to 2018 and shares three children with him - Violet, Fin, and Samuel, 12. 
Violet graduated from high school earlier this year and her mother shared an emotional post marking the moment to her Instagram.
In her Instagram post, the actress was seen breaking down in tears over her daughter's milestone moment.
'Tell me you have a graduate without telling me you have a graduate,' Garner penned in the caption of her photo series.
In the carousel, Garner could be seen crying in a multitude of different locations, including what appeared to be Violet's graduation ceremony and during a flight. 
The four enjoyed dinner al fresco at the restaurant South Bay before going for a relaxing walk in the area
Affleck pulled Fin in for a sweet embrace 
The four gathered together on a sidewalk after their dinner 
The four enjoyed dinner at the restaurant South Bay 
Violet suggested she would be attending Yale after she was seen wearing a sweatshirt with the Ivy League's name in a snap shared by her high school's Instagram page.  
The sighting comes amid a whirlwind of rumors that Affleck and Jennifer are skidding towards an 'imminent' divorce.
Lopez, 55, and Affleck are said to be living separately, and DailyMail.com previously reported they have prepared divorce documents to file at a later date.
This Thursday, she quietly paid a visit to his house on his birthday - then spent that night enjoying her girlfriends' company at a Bruno Mars concert for the opening of the new Intuit Dome in Inglewood, California.
Also on Thursday before the Bruno Mars concert, Jennifer paid a visit to Ben on his birthday- despite Lopez spending her own 55th birthday last month without the Oscar winner.
Ben notably purchased a $20.5 million home in the Pacific Palisades last month in July - after residing in a $100k-a-month rental in Brentwood.
The Atlas actress has been staying at their lavish mansion in Beverly Hills - which has been listed on the market for $68 million.
They enjoyed a dinner al fresco 
The group strolled down the sidewalk together 
Affleck and his ex-wife reunited for their daughter's big day 
Affleck shares Violet, Fin, and son Samuel with Garner 
The Argo star wore a button down, T-shirt, slacks, and Nike trainers
Affleck and Garner were previously married from 2005 to 2018
The four explored the scenic area
It comes amid rumors Affleck's marriage to JLo is in trouble; pictured back in May 
Meanwhile, Jennifer Lopez enjoyed a solo Sunday outing on the other side of the states - specifically in Los Angeles
The star opted to be solo while her husband was in the East coast with his ex-wife and their kids
Also on Thursday before the Bruno Mars concert, Jennifer paid a visit to Ben on his birthday - despite Lopez spending her own 55th birthday last month without the Oscar winner.
The Let's Get Loud hitmaker was also seen visiting Affleck's rental home in Brentwood last Sunday while he was there, after she took his son to the mall. 
Ben notably purchased a $20.5 million home in the Pacific Palisades last month in July - after residing in a $100k-a-month rental in Brentwood.
The Atlas actress has been staying at their lavish mansion in Beverly Hills - which has been listed on the market for $68 million.
Lopez also appeared to snub the Good Will Hunting actor as she jumped to social media - but did not wish him a happy birthday.
Affleck looked overjoyed with his family 
The family enjoyed some time in New Haven 
Garner donned a striped top, jeans, and sneakers 
Violet is rumored to be attending Yale 
Affleck emerged from his vehicle 
The Gone Girl star shaded his eyes with cool sunglasses
Lopez also appeared to snub the Good Will Hunting actor as she jumped to social media - but did not wish him a happy birthday
The couple, pictured November 2023, wed in July 2022
She was radiant in a series of Instagram snaps while posing in a sheer, Dior dress that contained shimmering embellishments.
The star paused for photos - which were taken during her time at the Hamptons last month - while standing next to a vintage convertible.
Earlier last week, a source told People that Jennifer 'is trying to find a new home to start fresh' and added the pair are 'moving on separately.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group