By 

	Ethan Millman


Shaboozey made history on Monday as his smash hit “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” tied the record for most weeks atop Billboard’s Hot 100 Chart, with the song taking the Number One spot for 19 weeks this year.

	Shaboozey now shares the record with Lil Nas X, whose country-rap hit “Old Town Road” was the Number One song in the country for 19 consecutive weeks back in 2019, bolstered in part by several remixes released near the end of that streak as Nas approached the record.

	“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” finished out last week with about 19.6 million streams, 8,000 song sales, and 69.5 million impressions on radio, according to Billboard. Meanwhile, Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga’s “Die With a Smile” once again held at Number 2, Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” took third, Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” took fourth, and Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” rounded out the Top 5.

	Reflecting the surge that country music has enjoyed over the past several years, country songs (or country-adjacent if you don’t count “Old Town Road”) take up the top three slots for the longest-running Number Ones in Hot 100 history. Morgan Wallen’s “Last Night” topped the chart for 16 weeks last year.

	










	The “Tipsy” record is just the latest achievement for Shaboozey’s major breakout year. He started 2024 featured prominently on Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter, and his single took over the charts in July. He’s up for Best New Artist at the Grammys this coming February, while “Bar Song” is up for Song of the Year and Best Country Solo Performance. He was nominated for two CMA Awards this year, though the show itself courted some controversy over several unfunny jokes about his name throughout the night.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The question now becomes if Shaboozey can take the record all for himself; with the holiday season in full swing starting this week, Christmas songs are likely to start dominating the charts very soon. His best chance is this coming chart week, assuming holiday classics like Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas Is You” or Brenda Lee’s “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” don’t spike until the week after.

	Over the past several years, Christmas songs have gone from topping the Hot 100 for maybe a week or two to taking up the top slot for almost the whole month of December. Still, assuming the holiday songs do in fact have the same chart performance as last year, Shaboozey could take the top slot after the new year as well. Jack Harlow’s “Lovin’ On Me,” for example, topped the Hot 100 on Dec. 2 last year, spent a month below “All I Want for Christmas Is You” and “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree,” then spent two more weeks at Number One in January.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.