Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Beyoncé is expected to perform at the halftime show for the Christmas Day matchup between the Houston Texans and Baltimore Ravens, which will be streaming live on Netflix.
The streaming service announced the game’s halftime performance in a statement Sunday. The Texans-Ravens game at NRG Stadium in Beyoncé’s hometown of Houston is one of two that will mark the first time Netflix livestreams an NFL Christmas gameday contest, it said.
Beyoncé’s fans, sometimes referred to as her BeyHive, will be treated to the first performance of songs from her latest album, “Cowboy Carter,” outside its studio recording, according to Netflix. She has not announced a tour since the album’s release in March.
Netflix said details were to remain a secret, but it did reveal Beyoncé is expected to feature some of the special guests featured on the Grammy-nominated album, though it did not say who.
The album included contributions from artists including Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, Miley Cyrus, Post Malone and Shaboozey, among others.
Sunday’s announcement was also made on the pop star’s social media accounts, where a teaser video features her in a leather dress and cowgirl regalia. Beyoncé catches a football while standing on the hood of a red rose-covered coupe that appears to be a 1967 Cadillac DeVille set to the backdrop of her song “Ameriican Requiem.”
Even before the Beyoncé announcement, social media users wondered whether Netflix could handle live sporting events after reports Friday of video quality issues and interruptions during the Mike Tyson-Jake Paul boxing match event.
Those concerns were renewed in the replies to Netflix’s post on X about the superstar’s upcoming performance.
After the boxing match, the streaming service said on X the event was so popular it “had our buffering systems on the ropes.”
Beyoncé performed at the 2013 Super Bowl in New Orleans and at the 2016 Super Bowl in Santa Clara, California, where she joined Coldplay and Bruno Mars for one of the most-watched halftime shows in Super Bowl history.
The streaming service said it hopes the holiday matchups become a tradition. It said it has contracted with the NFL to livestream select games through 2026.
Netflix said it will livestream the Kansas City Chiefs’ game against Pittsburgh Steelers starting at 1 p.m. ET and the Texans-Ravens game at 4:30 p.m. ET on Dec. 25.
This article originally appeared on NBC News.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.