By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:56, 26 August 2024   |  Updated:  08:31, 26 August 2024   
 19
View  comments
Lady Gaga shared a rare sneak peek inside her private residence in a new TikTok video while promoting her new single Die With A Smile with Bruno Mars.
The always inventive artist, who has been hinting at new music and album for a while, uses a snippet from the bridge section of the track for the opening of the clip.
'When I fantasize about dropping all my new music at once,' she captioned the post. 
The 13-time Grammy Award winner can be seen dancing and swaying around her huge dressing room in her house with both arms high up into the air.
Being the chameleon that she is when it comes to style and fashion, the Born This Way star rocked a floral, white-patterned sun dress with a plunging neckline over black leggings with black stiletto boots.
🫠
Lady Gaga gave fans a glimpse inside of her home dressing room in a new TikTok video that's in promotion of her new single Die With A Smile with Bruno Mars - and revealed her 13 Grammy Awards on the window shelf
Rounding out her overall look, the New York City native had her dark locks falling down long in the back but partially pushed back off her face with the exception of some strands of hair hanging around the frame of her face with a center part. 
Gaga (born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta), 38, subtly danced around as the camera moved around her in a circle.
As the clipped turned fans get a look at her cloths on moveable hangers, as well as a plethora of purse and handbags on top of a large dresser of sorts just behind her.
Just behind that dresser, which is seen a few seconds into the video, the pop superstar has her 13 Grammy Awards neatly placed on a window shelf.
Her MTV Movie & TV Awards and MTV Video Music Awards are also up on shelves above her windows.
As the clip continues to spin, there are several mirrors hanging on the way until the shot comes to a fireplace mantle where she has her Oscar on display, which she won for Best Original Song for Shallow from her film A Star Is Born.
It turns out the singer-songwriter and actress has a love for purses and handbags, considering she had many more in a pile on a small couch, seen in the remaining last few seconds of the clip.
The singer-songwriter had her eyes closed in while dancing to her own song
The Born This Way star rocked a floral, white-patterned sun dress with a plunging neckline over black leggings with black stiletto boots, and her hair long and dark
Eventually, the spinning video comes to her Academy Award sitting on top of the fireplace mantle, all while the pop superstar continues to dance and sway to the music 
Die With A Smile, which Gaga and Mars wrote with Dernst Emile II, Andrew Watt, and James Fauntleroy, can be categorized as  soft rock in the vein of her big A Star Is Born hit Shallow.
The duo first performed together eight years earlier when they hit the stage for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in November 2016.
It was at that point that they discussed wanting to work with each other on new music. 
Gaga has been working on her new music in Malibu when Mars invited her to his studio to play some of his new stuff, one of which was the beginnings of Die With A Smile. 'Blown Away' at what she heard, their pair proceeded to finish writing it that very same day.
After giving a glimpse of her various fashion items and purses, she also had another batch of hand bags piled on a couch in the dressing room
Lady Gaga has been teaser her fans about new music for a while, posting photos of herself in the recording studio to Instagram, all the while shooting Joker: Folie à Deux, alongside Joaquin Phoenix. 
Eventually, she came out with the news that fans can soon expect her next album, that's now being called LG7, in reference to this being her seventh studio album of her stories career, according to Elle.
Gaga's last studio album was Chromatica (2020), a concept album centering on ideas of unwavering happiness and the pursuit of healing. 
Songs on the record encompass themes inspired by failed romance and mental health struggles in Gaga's private life. 
In support the album, Gaga embarked on The Chromatica Ball concert series in July 2022, the first all-stadium tour of her career, after it was postponed twice due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The duo, who had long wanted to collaborate on music together, dropped their single Die With A Smile on August 16, along with an accompanied music video
The duo first performed together eight years earlier when they hit the stage for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Paris, France in November 2016
She capped off the Chromatica album and tour with an HBO/Max special, Gaga Chromatica Ball.
There's still no official release date just yet on her new studio album, LG7.
The much-anticipated sequel to Joker (2019) is set to make its world premiere at the 81st Venice International Film Festival on September 4, and then hit theaters on October 4. 
Having sold an estimated 170 million records during her career, Lady Gaga is one of the world's best-selling musical artists, who has the distinction of being the only female artist to achieve four singles each selling at least 10 million copies globally.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group