ROSÉ made her highly anticipated solo in-studio debut on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Wednesday night (Dec. 11).

	The BLACKPINK star brought her signature style and her infectious energy to the late-night stage, performing “APT.” and “Toxic Till the End” from her latest album, rosie.

	With a six-piece band behind her, ROSÉ turned Fallon’s iconic studio into her own concert venue. She began an “APT./toxic till the end” medley by taking over his desk, casually singing with her feet propped up as if she owned the place. 

	Dressed in a sleek black crop top, pleated gray miniskirt, and bold red-and-black suspenders, ROSÉ gave the audience a taste of her unique flair while letting the music take center stage.

	Her latest appearance wasn’t just another performance—it signaled a pivotal moment in her career. ROSÉ is no stranger to The Tonight Show stage—BLACKPINK delivered “How You Like That” in June 2020, and she herself shared a pre-taped performance of “On the Ground” in March 2021 during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic.

	This time around, it was live and in-person, and she certainly owned the moment.  The crowd rose to their feet to sing along to the catchy chorus of “APT.” before ROSÉ seamlessly transitioned into her new track “toxic till the end”. Confetti rained down during the finale, the neon lights of the Tonight Show glowing behind her, wrapping up a set that felt as celebratory as it was transformative.

	Elsewhere on Fallon, the New Zealand-born, Melbourne-raised star opened up about her childhood dream of becoming a singer, shared how Bruno Mars helped pick the name of her first solo album, and showed Fallon how to play the “APT.” drinking game.

	Reminiscing about her first audition for BLACKPINK, ROSÉ shared with the host, “It was around the time Jason Mraz had released a song called ‘I Won’t Give Up,’ I had just learnt it…”

	“I walked in, I honestly thought it was a joke. I was like, ‘This is funny. There’s no way I’m going to get it at all.’ But My dad and I had flown all the way from Melbourne to Sydney for the audition, so I was like, ‘Well, might as well make some memories..’”

	“I did it and was like ‘bye’, then they called me, and I just remember thinking, ‘What is happening?!’”

	ROSÉ is fresh off the release of her solo debut album, Rosie. The 12-track set includes hit single “APT.” with Bruno Mars — which has spent six weeks so far at No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200 and has so far peaked at No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 — surpassing even the highest-charting hit of her globally famous K-pop girl group BLACKPINK— as well as her new track “Number One Girl.”

	She also recently dropped “toxic till the end,” which she performed on Fallon, accompanied by a new Ramez Silyan-directed music video co-starring Evan Mock.

	The hype around ROSÉ’s solo career is only growing. Rosie has been met with excitement for its blend of introspection and pop-forward energy, and with performances like this one, she’s proving why she’s a force to be reckoned with on her own. 

	“I have poured my blood and tears into this album,” she wrote on Instagram when she first announced the project back in October. “I cannot wait for you to listen to this little journal of mine. Rosie – is the name I allow my friends and family to call me. With this album, I hope you all feel that much closer to me.”

	ROSÉ’s new album, Rosie, is available to stream below, and you can watch her performance on Fallon here.
STREAM THE RIVER!