Chris McCausland was flooded with messages from fans as he addressed thinking he'd made a 'mistake' that left him looking 'down' during his latest Strictly Come Dancing appearance.
The comedian was fearing for his future in the BBC One dance contest before it was confirmed he was through to week eight alongside professional dance partner Dianne Buswell during Sunday night's (November 3) results show.
The duo were initially back in the ballroom on Saturday night (November 2) after making it through to week seven following a tricky time during last weekend's Halloween special.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing's Sam Quek shares 'sobering reminder' as she breaks silence on exit
But it was another themed night in the BBC One dance contest as for the first time ever, Icons Week took place and saw the remaining 10 couples take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band with George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars among them.
For their performance, comedian Chris and professional dancer Dianne delivered a Tango to rock band KISS' hit Rock and Roll All Nite, in which they sported dark outfits and eye makeup reminiscent of the rock band.
Chris and Dianne ended up scoring 29 points out of a possible 40 which didn't go down well with viewers who wanted more for the couple, who are among the favourites to lift the Glitterball trophy this year.
It was ahead of the latest results being confirmed that Chris seemingly thought he was on shaky ground but was thrilled to discover he and Dianne had been backed by the public and would thereford be partaking in week eight of Strictly's 20th-anniversary series.
Taking to X, formerly known as Twitter, the 47-year-old started by saying: "Thank you to everybody that voted to keep us in #Strictly - I have a good feeling about this coming week!"
He then followed up the post by writing: "If I'm honest, I was quite down on myself in that interview clip straight after the dance that was on the results show tonight because I thought I had made a pretty big mistake. I realised later that I hadn't. I'm feeling good. Thank you for all of your support! X#Strictly."
And fans rushed to show their love and support. @juloof1 said: "Chris you’re doing amazing and we love watching you dance. Don’t be so hard on yourself." @hannahjbuswell commented: "You never give yourself enough credit. it’s madness the skill you have to dance to such a high level. Can’t wait to see what’s next."
@CBehard40922 wrote: "Well I voted for you, not because you can’t see, nor because you’re funny, but because I really enjoyed your dance…" @Ellekl replied: "I think you don’t realise how good you are. Believe it, you really are sooo good." @PrincessSazzle added: "Chris you are doing brilliantly, I am in total awe of you! Please be kind to yourself."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.