The team-up between the BLACKPINK superstar and Spanish artist brought in 54% of the vote.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


LISA and Rosalía‘s “New Woman” has topped this week’s new music poll that features artists in various genres of music.

	Music fans voted in a poll published Friday (Aug. 16) on Billboard, choosing the BLACKPINK superstar and Spanish artist’s team-up as their favorite new music release of the past week.

	“New Woman” brought in 54% of the vote on the poll, securing an edge ahead of new releases from Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars (“Die With a Smile”), Post Malone (F-1 Trillion), Foster the People (Paradise State of Mind), Hozier (Unaired), and others.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Lisa		
					






















	
		
					rosalia		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	LISA and Rosalía’s Y2K-inspired single arrived Thursday (Aug. 15) with an equally colorful music video. “Hit it when I serve/ B—-, you better swerve/ Revving up my, uh-uh-uh-uh-aura/ Focus on my mind/ Taking my time/ I’m a new woman,” LISA declares on the catchy chorus.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	For her verse, Rosalía adds a bilingual element musing, “Nací pura, sí/ Ni una era será un flop en mi porvenir/ P—, soy la Rosalía, solo sé servir,” which translates to “I was born pure/ There won’t be a flop era in my future/ W—-, I’m Rosalía, I only know how to serve.”

	The new song arrives a little over a month after the K-pop icon stepped into a new phase of her solo career outside of BLACKPINK with “Rockstar,” which debuted at No. 70 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and No. 4 on the Billboard Global 200.

	Trailing behind LISA and Rosalía on this week’s poll is Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ “Die With a Smile,” with nearly 36% of the vote. The superstars barely gave fans a heads up before unveiling the collab, the existence of which they only confirmed less than 12 hours ahead of its arrival. 

	It’s been a while since either artist has released proper solo music. Gaga’s last album, Chromatica, dropped in 2020, while Mars’ 24K Magic is approaching its eight-year anniversary. The former topped the Billboard 200 albums chart, and the second peaked at No. 2.

	See the final results of this week’s poll below. Check out Billboard‘s Friday Music Guide to catch up with more must-hear releases from this week.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.