Alesha Dixon, a judge on Britain's Got Talent, has shared her thoughts on the celebrity stepping into Bruno Tonioli's shoes for several episodes of the ITV show, which is due to start filming later this month.
Confirmed as the temporary replacement for the former Strictly Come Dancing judge on the talent show is hip-hop artist, influencer and professional boxer KSI.
Bruno will be missing from a few episodes filmed this month due to scheduling conflicts with Dancing with the Stars in the US, where he also serves as a judge.
Consequently, KSI will take on the role for three days during BGT's Blackpool auditions this October.
In an exclusive conversation with Wales Online and other Reach publications about the new Media, Broadcast and Production T-level, Alesha discussed the change.
Asked if she was looking forward to seeing KSI temporarily step into Bruno’s shoes, Alesha confirmed: “I am, actually. I really like KSI. I think he's really smart, he’s got a fabulous personality.
“I think he's built a fantastic little empire for himself. He's multi-talented and I think he's going to be a brilliant addition to the show.
“And I think he and I will have probably a lot of friends in common and a lot of things in common, both loving music. So I'm looking forward to working with him.”
Asked if she thinks KSI has what it takes to be a full-time judge - either on Britain’s Got Talent or another talent show - Alesha replied: “I haven’t seen him judge yet, but I think he’s just keeping Bruno’s seat warm.”
Singing her fellow judge’s praises, she added the four-word statement: “Bruno will be back!”
Following the announcement that he would be joining the ITV show for a few days, KSI said in a statement: "I’m so excited to be a guest judge for BGT. When I got the call-up, I couldn’t believe it.
“I remember watching old BGT episodes and going from being amazed to laughing my arse off. I’m buzzing to see all the fresh new talent, and I’ll be sure to leave a mark."
"Who better than a young, attractive, multi-talented star known the world over, filling in for another young, attractive, multi-talented star known the world over," Bruno added.
"In all seriousness, I can think of no one better to keep my seat warm than the wonderful KSI, even though I spend most of the show out of it anyway… I’ll be itching to get back to the judging panel for another year of laughter, tears and everything in between."
Elsewhere in our interview, Alesha opened up about her career in the entertainment industry and the new qualifications that will allow young people to do the same in a supportive environment.
The Breathe Slow singer has joined the T-team – a group of celebrities hailing T-levels as a game-changing qualification. Alesha is championing the brand-new Media, Broadcast and Production T-level, launched across England this September.
New stats show that 73% of people believe the routes and opportunities into the creative industries are closed off to many, while 86% of parents would feel more confident in their child pursuing a creative career if they knew more about the opportunities available.
Alesha branded the campaign “really exciting”, explaining: “Before I actually got into the entertainment industry, I wanted to be a teacher, and I absolutely love going into schools and speaking with young people.
“This campaign really spoke to me,” she continued, “So I've joined the T-team experts and we’re here to raise awareness on the benefits of T-levels for 16 to 19-year-olds.
“I would have loved something like this when I was younger,” Alesha admitted. “I think there's lots of stigma around working in Media and Broadcast and production. I think probably a lot of parents think that to get into media, it's about who you know rather than what you know.
“But T-levels really lift the lid on that - this is a bona fide way into the industry where your children can be hands-on, working on an industry placement with the employer, and learning real-life skills in the classroom that are then transferable to the real world. I just think it's a brilliant idea.”
Alesha added: “If you were a young person, knowing that you're going to be out there in the real world, working in an industry that you aspire to be in, it would be super exciting.
Pointing out that the qualification is also beneficial to employers, she noted: “And of course, these courses are tailor-made for what the employers need and want, so it's a completely bespoke qualification in that sense.”
She also spoke of her own experience when she started out in the entertainment industry, recalling: “I think it's important to inspire young people and give them options, because I just think people really see the entertainment industry as otherworldly. I know I did growing up; I thought it was Mars.
“I didn't even know it was possible to be in the entertainment industry, so I think we've got to lift the lid on that and show parents that there are steps you can take that will give you the confidence that your child is doing the right thing.
“Ultimately, it's about fulfilling a passion, and that's where my passion comes from. You get one life; you want to do something with your life that gives you satisfaction.”
I think a lot of people are nervous and fearful, so they maybe choose a safer route,” she reflected. “Or they don't go for their dreams because they're not sure that it's possible.
“So I think when it comes to the creative industries, we've got to encourage people to go for it, because I think a lot of people choose to walk away because they don’t know how how to go about it.
“But the creative industry so exciting!” she enthused. “There are so many options and so many jobs available for young people. I always come from the viewpoint of being passionate about the creative industries, being passionate about young people and showing them what's possible.”
Parents can find more information and access free resources by visiting the T-level info website at: www.tlevelinfo.org.uk
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.