By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:24, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  10:10, 1 April 2024   
 220
View  comments
Rihanna sure is one stylish mother even when she is off the red carpet.
The 36-year-old Diamonds hitmaker was seen in a very hip outfit when going on a rare outing with her toddler son RZA on Thursday at BallnBounce Kids Playhouse in Los Angeles.
The little boy, who strongly resembles his famous father A$AP Rocky, was cute in a blue denim jacket over a gray checkered hoodie. He also had on green slacks with socks and no shoes.
The cuddly kid could not compete with his mother, however, who is the queen of offbeat glamour done right.
Rihanna stepped out in a Metallica concert t-shirt with an eye-catching leopard-print faux fur coat that was worn open.
She also had on black knee-high boots, tear away pants from Attico and big Gucci sunglasses for the outing. Around her neck was a massive gold chain that matched her earrings. 
Rihanna sure is one stylish mother even when she is off the red carpet. The 36-year-old Diamonds hitmaker was seen in a very hip outfit when going on a rare outing with her toddler son RZA on Thursday at BallnBounce Kids Playhouse in Los Angeles
The little boy, who strongly resembles his famous father A$AP Rocky, was cute in a blue denim jacket over a gray checkered hoodie. He also had on green slacks with socks and no shoes
The kid could not compete with his mother, however, who is the queen of offbeat glamour done right
Rihanna had her hands full as she held onto RZA, a green balloon and his sippy cup as she made her way to a waiting black SUV with a bodyguard and a female assistant by her side.
She also had bits of pizza that she seemed to be feeding to RZA. 
BallnBounce is a kids playhouse where 'all sensory needs and fun are met,' it says on the website. Admittance is $35 per child.
It is also a 'spacious indoor playhouse that allows children to play, learn and explore in spaces designed to foster their creativity, curiosity and imagination.' There are swings, slides, ziplines and rock climbing.
The chart-topping diva and her partner A$AP Rocky have two children.
In addition to RZA, age one, the couple — who have been together since 2020 —  also have Riot who was born in August 2023.
Rihanna and A$AP were friends for many years and also worked together before they fell in love four years ago and started having a family.
Rocky opened for the U.S. leg of Rihanna's Diamonds World Tour in 2013. Rihanna also starred in his Fashion Killa music video in the same year. 
By November 2020, an insider revealed to People that the longtime friends had officially become an item.
In an interview with GQ in 2021, Rocky said Rihanna was 'the love of [his] life' and 'the one'. 
'If that's in my destiny, absolutely,' he said about becoming a father. 'Nah, but like, I think I'd be an incredible, remarkably, overall amazing dad.'
She told Vogue in April 2022 that she was not really planning to have kids with the singer right away. 
'I always thought it would be marriage first, then a baby, but who the f*** says it has to be that way,' she said. 'I'm certainly not gonna let that get in the way of me being a mom.'
She had some help as an assistant carried a bag over her shoulder and had another one in her hand; there was also a white paper shopping bag
Rihanna stepped out in a Metallica concert t-shirt with an eye-catching leopard-print faux fur coat that was worn open
A year later she said being a mom was 'legendary,' adding, 'It's everything. You really don't remember life before, that's the craziest thing ever.'
A source told People last year that the star is really taking to being a parent and is hands-on.
'Rihanna loves being a mom. She is obsessed with her baby boy,' shared the insider. The insider also said Rocky is 'very involved as well and a great dad.' 
She also said to Vogue, '[There's] not much balance. But everything is stimulating. Everything right now is firing off. I'm excited. 
'It's getting me super motivated, super energized to do new things, to create,' she continued. 'And I'm back in the studio and now we're going to be back on stage for the Super Bowl. Which is just crazy that I even agreed to that, but I am, and I'm excited.'
She added: 'Of course being a new mom is insane. It is lovely. It is epic, honestly.' 
When asked about her favorite part of motherhood, she responded: 'His smile. He is the happiest baby. No matter what you're doing or what you're feeling - when he smiles at you, everything else just goes away. It's the best.' 
It looks like the beauty from Barbados might be going back to the recording studio soon.
In February it was reported that Rihanna is 'working on' her long-awaited ninth studio album.
A closer look at this diva saw she had long beige painted nails with no rings on; to the left was her bodyguard
She also had on black knee-high boots, tear away pants from Attico and big Gucci sunglasses for the outing
Around her neck was a massive gold chain that matched her earrings. Her hair was back, showing off her various neck tattoos
The hitmaker's partner A$AP Rocky confirmed the Fenty Beauty founder is actively getting her follow-up to 2016's Anti ready.
In a viral clip, fans asked about the album and the rapper simply replied: 'She's working on it.'
In December, the 'We Found Love' singer declared she is in an 'era of discovery'.
The Barbadian star isn't entirely sure what her future will look like - but she's still excited 'for what is to come'.
Rihanna told Complex: 'I'm in an era of discovery. And maybe it's rediscovery because so much is changing, and some things are fleeting. And some things are yet to be discovered, right? And I'm in the centre of all of that.
'So I'm not on a landing yet, but I'm excited for what is to come because I have the feeling of what it is. But I can't put it into words, and I know the journey is going to be exciting of getting there. And that's not just with fashion or my daily routine ... with music, all of it! I'm really excited to explore things right now.'
The 'Kiss It Better' singer also revealed that she's 'open to exploring' as she works on new music.
She shared: 'Musically I'm feeling open.
Rihanna had her hands full as she held onto RZA, a green balloon and his sippy cup as she made her way to a waiting black SUV with a bodyguard and a female assistant by her side
The chart-topping diva and her partner A$AP Rocky have two children. In addition to RZA, age one, the couple — who have been together since 2020 — also have Riot who was born in August 2023. Rihanna and A$AP were friends for many years and also worked together before they fell in love four years ago and started having a family
'I'm feeling open to exploring, discovering, creating things that are new, things that are different, things that are off, weird, might not ever make sense to my fans, the people that know the music I've put out. I just want to play. I want to have fun with the music.'
Meanwhile, Cardi B said last week that she wants to present Rihanna with a 'perfect record' before asking her to collaborate with her.
The 'WAP' hitmaker admits she 'sounds stupid' trying to make music that sounds like the 'We Found Love' hitmaker, but she isn't going to let it stop her coming up with a song that could work for a duet for the pair.
Speaking on the 'Million Dollaz Worth Of Game' podcast, she said: 'I love Rihanna's music.
'But, I don't [make] music like that. I sound kinda stupid trying to sing like that. I sound stupid trying to make music like that.'
She added: 'So, if I ever get that perfect record … I can not wait until I feel like, 'This song…I know she's going to like it.'
'I don't want to send her nothing like, 'What is this? Take this thing out of my face.''
Cardi has already released duets with Megan Thee Stallion, Latto, GloRilla, Flo Milli, and many more.
However, the 'Bodak Yellow' hitmaker previously admitted she is 'too shy' to ask male artists to collaborate with her.
The hip-hop star - who has appeared on songs with the likes of Bruno Mars and Maroon 5 - has admitted she doesn't have the nerve to ask some of her favourite male counterparts to jump on a track with her because she gets 'starstruck' easily and fears she will sound 'corny'.
Rihanna alongside A$AP Rocky in Beverly Hills in January 2023
Speaking to Billboard in 2020, she admitted: 'When female artists are rising, you don't have to put one down because the others are rising. Every single time a female rapper comes out, people wanna start fake beef. Maybe because they don't see me [with other women] as often as people want to. The thing is, I'm shy — and really shy to reach out to male artists, to be honest with you. That's why a lot of collabs that I want, I haven't gotten yet because I'm scared to reach out. I always get a little starstruck. I be thinking I'm corny, even though I'm funny.'
The 31-year-old star also admitted she gets embarrassed when she sings songs that show off her 'lovey-dovey side'.
Asked if she was able to get more personal on her upcoming second studio album - the long-awaited follow-up to 2018's critically acclaimed 'Invasion of Privacy' - she said: 'Kinda sorta, but then again, when it comes to me writing or putting ideas of my personal life [in the music], I get really shy. When I perform songs like 'Be Careful' or 'Ring', I usually close my eyes because I get really shy about showing that lovey-dovey side. Even to my engineer, I start giggling. I be like, 'Oh, my God, I can't. This is so embarrassing.''
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
'I made it': Zoe Ball returns to BBC Radio Two with new Saturday show
Max Verstappen has welcomed his first child with Kelly Piquet
David Beckham's mum shares sweet video of baby Beckham as he turns 50
I can think of lots of words to describe this outf...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group