This is her … now.
Jennifer Lopez posted a year-in-review video montage to her Instagram account on Monday, and many wondered whether one prominent figure would make a cameo. 
The series of clips highlighted moments from the “Jenny from the Block” singer’s 2024, a year that saw the 55-year-old star file for divorce from Ben Affleck. 
The “Air” director, 52, was notably missing from any of the Instagram’s visuals. Similarly, he was not mentioned by name in any of the sound bites that played over the video. However, excerpts from interviews Lopez did during the past year underscored a message of resilience and strength. 
Captioned simply “2024,” the montage was paired with Archer Marsh’s orchestral version of her 1998 song, “Waiting for Tonight,” the music video for which was set at a 1999 New Year’s party on the eve of the millennium. 
The pop star highlighted live performances, the premiere of her Netflix movie “Atlas,” her Prime Video documentary “This Is Me… Now: A Love Story” (inspired by her and Affleck’s romance), the 2024 Met Gala that she co-chaired, her “Bridgerton”-themed birthday party as well as moments spent with her 16-year-old twins Max and Emme. 
The montage also included an emotional embrace with a fan on “The Graham Norton Show,” dancing the night away at a Bruno Mars concert, speaking at a Kamala Harris rally, her European travels this summer, a shot of Netflix’s “Don’t F with JLo” billboard on the Sunset strip, a clip from her movie “Unstoppable” and her on the red carpet promoting the film as it debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF). 
“I am very proud of how I handle all the things. All the things,” she says in an interview added in the montage. “In my low moments, I’ve learned to just feel the feelings and then let them go.”
In another sound bite featured in the compilation of clips, Lopez says, “What a journey this has been. I honestly feel that the best is yet to come. I can sit here with my heart and soul intact, and still feel really full of love.”
“It’s gonna get better, and it always does. It’s a beautiful life in that way,” she adds, before a clip of her in “Atlas” plays, in which she delivers this line: “Let’s go, bitch.”
A text overlay then reads, “See you in 2025!”
A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo)
Lopez filed for divorce from Affleck in August on the two-year anniversary of their second wedding ceremony. According to her petition, the couple separated in April. 
Lopez and Affleck first began dating in 2002 after meeting on the set of the movie “Gigli.” They got engaged that same year but called off the wedding in 2003. 
They rekindled their romance in 2021 and tied the knot in a July 2022 Las Vegas ceremony before celebrating with a lavish second wedding ceremony in Atlanta the following month. 
The exes reunited last week to exchange gifts ahead of the Christmas holiday.
Advertisement