By 

	Ethan Millman


Lady Gaga is thanking fans for their strong response to “Die With A Smile,” her romantic duet with Bruno Mars, and her first single in two years.

	“Watching fans from all over the world celebrate this music has meant so much to me, to see the words of the song touch your heart and the video provoke this huge wave of dancing and fun is beautiful to watch and I’m so grateful,” Gaga wrote on social media on Thursday.

	“Thank you thank you thank you for loving our song i love you for real and i hope the message of love we shared will continue to create special moments for you all in your lives—I know it does in mine every day,” Gaga added. “The power of music is big and your love of this song reminded me of that.”
A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)

	The artists debuted their duet last week at the first ever event at Los Angeles’s new Intuit Dome, releasing “Die With A Smile” after teasing the track for days prior.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	“Die With A Smile” has grown increasingly popular since its release last week and is now a strong contender for a top-10 debut on Billboard’s Hot 100 chart next week. As Billboard noted, while the song had a more modest first-day performance, its streams have steadily climbed this week, rising 34 percent from Sunday to Monday alone.

	










	Gaga’s single comes as she gets ready for the release of Joker: Folie À Deux, where she is co-starring alongside Joaquin Phoenix as Harley Quinn, the Clown Prince of Crime’s love interest in many of the Batman comic books, television shows, and movies. Given the song’s title, fans have speculated if “Die With A Smile” is tied to the upcoming film.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.