e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
T-shirts, hats, jerseys, jackets and all things Los Angeles Clippers will be available at the team’s first flagship store in Inglewood — which will open to the public on Friday, Aug. 2.
“The Flagship” will open as part of the Clippers new stadium, the Intuit Dome, which will host its first event, a concert by pop star Bruno Mars on Aug. 15, before the Clippers begin the 2024-25 season in October.
This will mark the first time the Clippers have had their own team store, according to Claudia Calderon, chief marketing officer for the Clippers and Intuit Dome.
In previous years, the Clippers had shared a home with the Los Angeles Lakers at the Crypto.com Arena in Downtown L.A.
“We went through a massive rebrand a couple of months ago,” Calderon said at a media event on Thursday, Aug. 1, to preview the store. “This is our first opportunity to really bring a broad product assortment for our fan base, and really focus on the things that they want.”
The Clippers have been able to bring in a larger number of products especially for women and children, Calderon said.
The Flagship store will feature a “hat wall” and a “Creation Station,” which allows fans to customize jerseys and hats, Calderon said, as well as a basketball laser engraver.
“We’re really excited about giving the ability for fans to come in and have a very different experience than what they’re used to,” Calderon said.
Thursday’s event also featured a special guest: 6-foot, 5-inch, shooting guard Cam Christie, whom the Clippers drafted in the second round — the 46th pick overall — of the 2024 NBA draft out of the University of Minnesota.
The 19-year-old Illinois native said it was “super cool” to see his jersey hanging in The Flagship for sale.
“They have a lot of good stuff going on with the new facilities and everything like that,” Christie said. “ So it means a lot for me to be in the NBA, but also just be on a great team like this.”
The Clippers will celebrate grand opening weekend of The Flagship, 3930 Century Blvd., from Friday to Sunday.
The Flagship will be open from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Friday for “Chuckmark Certified” fans only. Hours on Saturday and Sunday will be from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. — and will be open for the general public.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group