By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  23:29, 10 November 2024   |  Updated:  08:55, 11 November 2024   
 51
View  comments
Jodie Turner-Smith pulled out all the stops for MTV European Music Awards on Sunday, as she underwent an outfit change halfway through the evening, at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena.
The actress, 38, first arrived on the red carpet in a captivating royal blue gown, before slipping into a decidedly more racy look.
She sent temperatures skyrocketing in a skintight black PVC dress, that clung to her statuesque figure and displayed her tiny waist.
The sexy number boasted a plunging neckline held by a thin silver wire that left her ample cleavage on full display.
Referencing her elegant red carpet look, Jodie added a pair of matching latex evening gloves and wide brimmed black hat.
While keeping her diamond necklace and pointed black high heels, she swapped her chandelier earrings for a pair of silver studs and changed her pink lipgloss to a classic bold red. 
Jodie Turner-Smith pulled out all the stops for MTV European Music Awards on Sunday, as she underwent an outfit change halfway through the evening, at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena
The actress, 38, first arrived on the red carpet in a captivating royal blue gown, before slipping into a decidedly more racy look
She sent temperatures skyrocketing in a skintight black PVC dress, that clung to her statuesque figure and displayed her tiny waist
 Earlier in the evening, Jodie had cemented her best-dressed status as she graced the red carpet in a show-stopping blue gown with a dramatically long train.
She gave her striking look added spectacle with a pair of matching gloves, connected by a shawl and decorated with acrylic nails.
While she elevated the elegance even further by sporting a matching blue disc fascinator, artfully skewed atop her head.
Her attendance comes after Jodie declared that she is 'over men', a year after she split from her husband Joshua Jackson.
The couple shocked Hollywood when they announced they would be going their separate ways in October 2023 after tying the knot in 2019 and welcoming daughter Juno, four, the following year.
And now Jodie has confirmed she is still single following the end of her marriage and feels no desire to change that.
Speaking to Glamour last month, the mother-of-one said: 'I'm actually not dating, I'm over men.'
While the Queen and Slim star is happily single, Joshua, 46, has been romantically linked with actress Lupita Nyong'o.
The sexy number boasted a plunging neckline held by a thin silver wire that left her ample cleavage on full display
Referencing her elegant red carpet look, Jodie added a pair of matching latex evening gloves and wide brimmed black hat
While keeping her diamond necklace and pointed black high heels, she swapped her chandelier earrings for a pair of silver studs and changed her pink lipgloss to a classic bold red.
 But Jodie insisted she didn't have an opinion on what her ex-husband is doing now, as long as any partners are 'good' to her and their daughter.
She said: 'He can do whatever he wants. Just be good to Juno and be good to Juno's mum, because I'm going to be Juno's mum forever. It's really not for me to have an opinion on his journey.'
Taylor Swift dominated the winner's board at the MTV European Music Awards with four gongs, despite not being in attendance at the star-studded ceremony.
The Blank Space hitmaker, 34, who is about to begin the final leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour in Canada, won Best Artist, Best US Act and Best Live Artist.
The Best Video award also went to Taylor ft. Post Malone for their hit Fortnight form her latest album The Tortured Poets Department. 
Taylor missed the awards held in the UK as she was attending her boyfriend Travis Kelce's football game where his team the Kansas City Chiefs played against the Denver Broncos at Arrowhead Stadium.
Elsewhere The Best Song award went to Sabrina Carpenter for her smash hit Espresso from her Short n' Sweet album. 
Best UK act was won by Raye and the Best Pop award went to Ariana Grande who wasn't there at the ceremony. 
Earlier in the evening, Jodie had cemented her best-dressed status as she graced the red carpet in a show-stopping blue gown with a dramatically long train
She gave her striking look added spectacle with a pair of matching gloves, connected by a shawl and decorated with acrylic nails
While she elevated the elegance even further by sporting a matching blue disc fascinator, artfully skewed atop her head 
 Best Hip-Hop award went to Eminem while the Best Electronic gong went to Calvin Harris.
Elsewhere Jimin won in the Best K-Pop category while Peso Pluma was victorious in the Best Latin group. 
The Best R&B and Best Afrobeats awards went to Tyla - who also performed at the event while the Best New award went to Benson Boone who opened the show with his hits.
The Best Rock award went to Liam Gallagher while Busta Rhymes accepted the Global Icon award at the event. 
Later on the Best Alternative award went to American pop rock band f Imagine Dragons.
The Best Collaboration award went to LISA feat. Rosalía for their hit NEW WOMAN.
Rita Ora made history as the first person to host the MTV European Music Awards for the third time this year, at the star-studded ceremony held at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena.
It came after organisers were forced to cancel last year's event in Paris due to security fears amid the Israel and Hamas war.
Taylor Swift dominated the winner's board at the MTV European Music Awards with three gongs, despite not being in attendance at the star-studded ceremony (pictured last week) 
Elsewhere The Best Song award went to Sabrina Carpenter for her smash hit Espresso from her Short n' Sweet album (pictured last month)
The Best R&B and Best Afrobeats awards went to Tyla (seen) - who also performed at the event 
Rita Ora made history as the first person to host the MTV European Music Awards for the third time this year, at the star-studded ceremony held at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena 
 Speaking ahead of the event host Rita said: 'I'm over the moon that I get to be back with my MTV family hosting the EMAs for the third time!
'The EMAs stage has become like another home for me, and this year's show in Manchester is going to be absolutely incredible!
'We've got an amazing lineup of music performances and plenty of surprises in store. We're all 'mad fer it!'.'
She joined the likes of Maya Jama and Vick Hope in bringing the red carpet glamour earlier in the night. 
The ceremony also featured performances from the likes of Raye, Pet Shop Boys, Le Sserafim, Shawn Mendes and Benson. 
BEST SONG
Ariana Grande – we can't be friends (wait for your love)
Benson Boone – Beautiful Things
Beyoncé – TEXAS HOLD 'EM
Billie Eilish – BIRDS OF A FEATHER
Chappell Roan – Good Luck, Babe!
Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso - WINNER
BEST VIDEO
Ariana Grande – we can't be friends (wait for your love)
Charli xcx - 360
Eminem - Houdini
Kendrick Lamar – Not Like Us
LISA ft. Rosalía – NEW WOMAN
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight - WINNER
BEST ARTIST
Beyoncé
Billie Eilish
Post Malone
RAYE
Sabrina Carpenter
Taylor Swift - WINNER 
BEST COLLABORATION
Charli xcx & Billie Eilish – Guess featuring Billie Eilish
Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar – Like That
Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars – Die With A Smile
LISA ft. Rosalía – NEW WOMAN
Peso Pluma, Anitta - BELLAKEO
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – Fortnight - WINNER 
BEST NEW
Ayra Starr
Benson Boone - WINNER 
Chappell Roan
LE SSERAFIM
Teddy Swims
The Last Dinner Party
Tyla
BEST POP
Ariana Grande - WINNER 
Billie Eilish
Camila Cabello
Charli xcx
Dua Lipa
Sabrina Carpenter
Taylor Swift
BEST AFROBEATS
Asake
Ayra Starr
Burna Boy
Rema
Tems
Tyla - WINNER 
BEST ROCK
Bon Jovi
Coldplay
Green Day
Kings of Leon
Lenny Kravitz
Liam Gallagher - WINNER 
The Killers
BEST LATIN
Anitta
Bad Bunny
KAROL G
Peso Pluma - WINNER 
Rauw Alejandro
Shakira
BEST K-POP
Jimin - WINNER 
Jung Kook
LE SSERAFIM
LISA
NewJeans
Stray Kids
BEST ALTERNATIVE
Fontaines D.C.
Hozier
Imagine Dragons - WINNER
Lana Del Rey
Twenty One Pilots
YUNGBLUD
BEST ELECTRONIC
Calvin Harris - WINNER 
David Guetta
Disclosure
DJ Snake
Fred Again..
Swedish House Mafia
BEST HIP-HOP
Central Cee
Eminem - WINNER 
Kendrick Lamar
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj
Travis Scott
BEST R&B
Travis Scott
Kehlani
SZA
Tinashe
Tyla - WINNER 
USHER
Victoria Monét
BEST LIVE
Adele
Coldplay
Doja Cat
RAYE
Taylor Swift - WINNER 
Travis Scott
BEST PUSH
Ayra Starr
Chappell Roan
Coco Jones
Flyana Boss
Jessie Murph
Laufey
LE SSERAFIM - WINNER 
Mark Ambor
Shaboozey
Teddy Swims
The Warning
Victoria Monét
BIGGEST FANS
Anitta
Ariana Grande
Beyoncé
Billie Eilish
Chappell Roan
Charli xcx
Katy Perry
LISA - WINNER 
Nicki Minaj
Sabrina Carpenter
Shawn Mendes
Taylor Swift
MTV EMA 2024 BEST REGIONAL ACT NOMINEES
BEST UK & IRELAND ACT
Central Cee
Charli xcx
Chase & Status
Dua Lipa
Hozier
RAYE - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group