Students and staff at St Ivo Academy welcomed Joanne Clifton, winner of BBC One’s ‘Strictly Come Dancing’, to their school this week for a dance workshop.


  Joanne Clifton had just finished touring as Princess Fiona in ‘Shrek’ The Musical and is taking a month off before her next show.


  Her first day off in a month meant putting students and staff through their paces at a special dance class organised by Lindsay McAdam, head of dance at St Ivo.


  The lucky students were eager to meet Joanne and hear about her Strictly win.


  She also spoke about how her career has progressed from being a professional dancer, a world champion, and now as a star of the West End as an actress and singer.


  Students and staff were able to hold the glitterball from her 2016 win with Ore Oduba and see the actual cue card that announced Joanne and Ore as winners.


  Joanne had under an hour to get students up to speed dancing her winning number, to ‘Runaway Baby’ by Bruno Mars.


  She started with a quick warm up for the 50 students from years 7 to 13 who ranged from beginner to experienced dancers, before teaching them sections of the dance.


  Within 40 minutes, they had learnt most of the routine that Joanne and Ore performed in their iconic Strictly win. 


  Jasmine and Emma, Year 10 students who took part, said: “It was really challenging and Joanne’s energy was amazing.


  “We were really tired and had a great time!”


  Joanne Clifton said: “I was so impressed with such talented kids. They learnt my ‘Strictly’ routine so quickly and it was so fun to teach them my winning dance.


  “The staff at St Ivo really threw themselves into my choreography too. Thank you for dancing with me St Ivo.”


  Tony Meneaugh, principal at St Ivo, said: “We had so much fun learning with Joanne. Thank you so much to her for visiting us and to Lindsay, our head of dance, for organising it.


  “We’ve certainly got some tips for the upcoming Prom and our Ivolution show in the Autumn.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.