Amy Dowden has issued a plea to fans after she and JB Gill spoke out on their Strictly Come Dancing future following a huge change. It was confirmed during the latest results show that the pair have made it to week eight of the BBC One dance contest.
JB had faced a tricky week of training ahead of the latest live show, which took place on Saturday night (November 2) as not only was he learning a new routine but he also had a new partner after Amy Dowden fell ill following the previous live show and took time off to rest.
Lauren Oakley, who does not have a celebrity pairing on this year's series of the hit dance competition, instead stepped in to rehearse with JB before joining him to perform the live couple's choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley during Strictly's first-ever 'Icons Week'.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing's Sam Quek shares 'sobering reminder' as she breaks silence on exit
Amy joined them live in the studio and was later seen fighting tears while praising JB and Lauren's performance, which saw the singer and presenter bag his first 10s of the series, with the judges awarding him and Lauren 39 out of a possible 40 points.
It was then confirmed during Sunday night's (November 3) results show that JB, with the help of Lauren, had secured his place in the next week of Strictly's 2024 series.
Taking to social media after the news was revealed in the pre-recorded show, JB said on Instagram: "'Put yo, pinky, fingers, to the, moooooon'. Wow! What a weekend. I just want to say thank you to @lizzie.gough & @mrballchange for making my couples choice dance so special.
"You guys allowed @laurenmayoakley and I to shine brightly for @amy_dowden and do everyone proud. To my family and friends and EVERYONE supporting us and voting, you guys are the best and I’m SO HAPPY to continue this amazing journey, whatever challenges it throws at me! Still on cloud 9 and grateful to be through to another week."
Quick to respond was Amy who wrote in the comments section: "So proud thank you all for voting! But mostly so proud of you both and forever grateful! @jbgill @laurenmayoakley week 8 woooooohooooooo!!!!"
But the dancer also took to her own Instagram Story and shared a plea to those who follow her. She shared a quote which read: "Be kind. You'll probably forget about it in 5 minutes, but the other person might remember it forever." Alongside it, Amy wrote: "Sunday reminder! Kindness costs nothing! In a world where we can be anything, be kind."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.