Strictly Come Dancing fans couldn't help but be instantly distracted as they spotted a very familiar face in the live studio audience. Who is sitting on the sidelines in the ballroom has become just as big a deal as what's happening on the dance floor.
But it was the first-ever 'Icons Week' during the BBC One dance contest on Saturday night (November 2) which saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band.
And it was JLS singer JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley who scored the joint highest score of the night, while JB's usual partner Amy Dowden watched from the studio.
READ MORE: Four BBC Strictly Come Dancing stars 'at risk' named amid first Icons Week
The Welsh professional dancer missed last Sunday’s results programme after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the dance show's production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell" following her and JB's Halloween week performance.
Lauren, who does not have a partner for this year’s series, stood in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB on Saturday’s show, for a score of 39 out of a possible 40, marking JB's highest score of the series so far and his first 10s.
Reality star Tasha Ghouri and professional partner Aljaz Skorjanec also performed a couple's choice routine to P!nk’s What About Us for a joint high score of 39. Anton Du Beke said: "I didn’t notice Aljaz once, you were exquisite, you made it personal and just lovely."
Meanwhile, podcast host Pete Wicks transformed into Freddie Mercury to perform a Salsa to Another One Bites The Dust with Jowita Przystal. However, things didn't go quite to plan for the couple. Pete apologised to Jowita at the end of their routine, and his mistakes didn't go unnoticed by the judges, who scored 22 out of possible 40 points.
But again, all eyes were on the Strictly audience and supporting professional dancer Nikita Kuzmin, who is paired with Sam Quek for Strictly's 20th-anniversary series, was his 2023 series partner Layton Williams.
Flocking to social media to comment, @paradiseieah said: "Layton sighting!!!! #Strictly." @WriterofQueen commented: "LAYTON IN THE CROWD!! #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly." @_erinz_ wrote: "Layton in the audience for icons week is incredibly apt#Strictly." @christmasborle cheered: "LAYTON IN THE AUDIENCE AHHHH!!!! #Strictly." @SG902110 added: "Layton in the audience supporting @kuzmin__nikita #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.