By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  18:46, 19 June 2024   |  Updated:  19:22, 19 June 2024   
 120
View  comments
He split from his girlfriend Tana Holding in October and was later linked to singer Bby Ivy, but it appears the youngest Beckham brother has found love again. 
Cruz, 19, was spotted out in London's Mayfair on Wednesday looking cosy with Jackie as they enjoyed a day date.
His latest love interest Jackie is a songwriter and producer born in Sao Paulo to a Brazilian mother and German father. She has lived in both countries during her life.
Jackie was a member of Brazilian girlband Schutz before enjoying a brief stint as a solo artist. However she then moved to strictly songwriting, she revealed on social media. 
Cruz, who is an aspiring singer himself, drove around the capital in his Land Rover Defender with his new beau. 
Meet Cruz Beckham's latest love interest Brazilian singer-songwriter Jackie Apostel, after the pair enjoyed a day date in Mayfair on Wednesday
His latest love interest Jackie is a songwriter and producer born in Sao Paulo to a Brazilian mother and German father
The son of fashion designer Victoria and retired footballer David Beckham wrapped an arm around Jackie's shoulder during their shopping trip. 
He put on a casual display in a plain white T-shirt, a pair of dark brown chino trousers and black converse. 
A source told MailOnline that Cruz and Jackie are 'not official, just hanging out'. 
Jackie has written songs for many artists in her time as a writer, both in English and Portugese and spends a lot of time in London, according to her Instagram.
Her Spotify account describes her as 'a more of a behind the scenes person and has now announced her final single 'i', an uptempo reggaeton she has been saving for a while will come out July 1st.' 
She has always been creative, starting out playing the piano aged just two before later studying poetry and acting.
During an interview with Indie Band Guru in 2019, she said: 'I think I try to embrace all aspects of pop. I'm not afraid to say I love catchy music, I love easy and repetitive. 
'We have rock records on there, we have a lot of Latin influence. It's extremely genre-fluid but they're all big parts of me.' 
Jackie writes and produces tracks regularly, often sharing photos from sessions at Abbey Road Studios on her Instagram. 
Cruz, who is an aspiring singer himself, drove around the capital in his Land Rover Defender with his new beau on Wednesday
Jackie was a member of Brazilian girlband Schutz before enjoying a brief stint as a solo artist
Jackie has written songs for many artists in her time as a writer, both in English and Portugese and spends a lot of time in London, according to her Instagram
Her Spotify account describes her as 'a more of a behind the scenes person and has now announced her final single 'i', an uptempo reggaeton she has been saving for a while will come out July 1st'
She also revealed who her music inspirations include Elton John, Queen, Post Malone, The Weeknd, Britney Spears, Selena Gomez and Bruno Mars.
Discussing her music-making process, Jackie revealed that same year that she records voicenotes in the early stages, Last.FM reported. 
She said: 'Everything starts off with an hour-long voicenote. I'll record millions of melodies or thoughts turn into a hook or a topic of inspiration.'
But Jackie made a move to strictly collaborative efforts in summer 2022 after releasing a statement confirm she would cease to record as a solo artist. 
'For those who know me personally you know I've planned this for a while and how much it means to me to put a full stop to this side of my career,' she said. 
'My intention was and has never been to become a recording, touring artist. I'm a studio rat, I'm a creator, I'm a writer, producer and artist in many ways but releasing the songs we did myself was always just a way of showcasing the tracks.' 
She also slammed the music industry for only viewing women as one thing.
Jackie wrote: 'It seems some people within and without the industry still like to think that being an artist that cares about their image, that is a good performer, that likes to look good and is fearlessly themselves couldn't possibly also thrive as a businesswoman, a producer, or literally whatever it is they do additionally.'
Jackie has always been creative, starting out playing the piano aged just two before later studying poetry and acting
Jackie also writes and produces, regularly sharing photos from sessions at Abbey Road Studios on her Instagram
She also revealed who her music inspirations include Elton John, Queen, Post Malone, The Weeknd, Britney Spears, Selena Gomez and Bruno Mars
But Jackie made a move to strictly collaborative efforts in summer 2022 after releasing a statement confirm she would cease to record as a solo artist
Taking to Instagram in May, Jackie revealed she had helped singer GIRLI with some of the songs on her new album Matriarchy, as she shared a picture of the album cover. 
She wrote: 'Matriarchy - The Album, Out Now. @girlimusic. Writing some of these with u, watching u almost therapize yourself into this next chapter of confidence and growth, was beautifully fulfilling. 
'Thankful that we got to bond over our delusions, sadnesses, romances and insanities + w/ our spiciest boy @holloweazy.'
It emerged Cruz had split from his model girlfriend Tana Holding in October last year after a year-long romance.
He was then pictured with social media influencer Issey Moloney during an outing in London in February. 
In March, Cruz was then seen with Norweigan singer Bby Ivy for a family night out in Paris after his mother Victoria's Paris Fashion Week show.
Jackie bears a strong resemblance to Bby, who's song Losing Sleep was previously featured on Love Island.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group