On Nov. 8 at 7 p.m., Goodwin Recital Hall prepared the stage for MelAUdic, the women’s a cappella group of Auburn University.
Ava Amore, president of MelAUdic and junior in childhood education, discussed the beginnings of the group. It started in 2015 as a mixed group. After the pandemic, it resolved and separated into two different groups, one male and one female. 
The concert consisted of a list of songs chosen by all the members and arranged by their treasurer, Ashley King, sophomore in music education. 
King explained the theme of the concert and how the members chose the songs together. They came up with songs that are popular and can be heard on the radio. 
The setlist for the night was composed of six different songs, opening with "Some Nights" by fun, followed by "Somebody that I Used to Know" by Gotye, "Before he Cheats" by Carrie Underwood, "Please, Please, Please" by Sabrina Carpenter, "Valerie" by Amy Winehouse and finally closed with "Grenade" by Bruno Mars. The group covered all of these songs by using only their voices as instruments.
The girls dressed in a white and blue uniform with orange handkerchiefs.
Between every performance, the members of the group introduced themselves and talked about their personalities.
“To make good music, you have to be able to work with each other and trust each other. So, in order to do that, we socialize, and we're really all close friends. It's like a big family,” Amore said. 
The group's strong bond created a warm atmosphere, and the audience enthusiastically applauded each performance.
“I'm just really excited to hear how they're all going to come together and sound at the end,” said Gabrielle Smith, sophomore in biomedical sciences.
The girls' voices alone commanded the stage, creating a truly special experience. Most of them had time to shine as each song had different soloists that held the spot for a few minutes.
“Everybody in the audience can sing along with us, they can clap along with us,” King said.
The concert lasted an hour, during which the audience enjoyed the music and the member's speeches.
“I feel like, honestly, every event that we perform at is just a way to grow MelAUdic's popularity,” King said. 
This recital meant an increase in the popularity for the group. Having an event gave them the opportunity to gain more followers and an audience that enjoys a cappella music.
As the final notes faded, the group rushed offstage to embrace their families in the crowd, bringing the musical night to a close.
Do you like this story? The Plainsman doesn't accept money from tuition or student fees, and we don't charge a subscription fee. But you can donate to support The Plainsman.
The Auburn Plainsman (@theauburnplainsman) • Instagram photos and videos