Spread the love on social media this year with one of these caption ideas.
Matching heart-patterned pajamas? Check. Tons of Valentine’s Day decorations? Check. Looking cute and giving each other a smooch? Check. Your Instagram pic with your main squeeze is ready to go, and it couldn’t look more perfect. But we’re here to tell you that it is actually missing something — and that’s the sweetest Valentine’s Day captions around.
If Valentine’s Day is your jam (meaning you're all about baking treats, gathering gifts, and laughing at memes to celebrate your very favorite holiday), then it’s time to shout it to the rooftops… on Instagram, that is. In addition to exchanging Valentine's Day cards, you could proclaim your love to your partner through a heartfelt post. Perhaps you prefer a lighthearted take on the holiday, like a funny Valentine's Day quote, joke, or pun. You might be single and could care less about Valentine’s Day, and you want everyone to know how awesome you really are. Or maybe your B.F.F. (best furry friend) is your Valentine, so you want to post a pic of you with your pup or kitty along with a clever caption. And don’t forget that classic movie quotes and song lyrics are just the thing to add to a romantic Valentine’s Day post. 
If you want to fill your friends’ Instagram feeds with love, and lots of it, look to these 80 Valentine's Day caption ideas.
Ni'Kesia Pannell is an entrepreneur, multi-hyphenate freelance writer, and self-proclaimed Slurpee connoisseur that covers news and culture for The Kitchn. She's the former Weekend Editor for Delish who also writes about faith, health and wellness, travel, beauty, lifestyle, and music for a range of additional outlets.
Shelby Deering is a freelance lifestyle writer who frequently covers home design and decor for national publications. She has worked as a full-time freelance writer for over a decade, and has worked in the industry for nearly 20 years, writing home tours, interviewing top designers, and beautifying her own home. She holds a master's degree in Journalism and Mass Communication from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and when she's not writing, you can find her at thrift stores and flea markets, running, or exploring local trails in Madison, Wisconsin, with her husband and corgi, Dolly.
30 Best Valentine's Day Gift Ideas for Her
Best Gifts Under $50 for Her
30 Best Long-Distance Relationship Gifts
50 Cute Valentine's Day Pickup Lines
55 Fun Valentine's Day Trivia Facts
88 Cute Valentine's Day Quotes to Share
40 Valentine's Day Gift Ideas for Your Husband
150 Romantic Love Messages to Send Your Partner
26 Valentine's Day Gifts for a Pregnant Wife
35 Best Valentine's Day Gifts for Teens
First Valentine's Day Gifts for Your New Partner
60 Romantic Valentine's Day Movies to Stream Now
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.