While the 1980's were a decade of musical splintering, one artist defied the trend and still rose to superstardom. 
The mononymous Prince was an icon who eluded labels.
Musically, he most often existed at the intersection of R&B, rock and pop. But even if you could find the words to describe his sound, Prince's showmanship was tough to define.
His appearance on stage was that of an androgynous supernova. Between flashes of vibrance and sonic singularity, this master of the guitar gave music fans worldwide a litany of one-of-a-kind moments. 
There was the Super Bowl in 2007, when Prince stood at midfield in Miami as rain fell over his head, playing his now-defining dynamic ballad "Purple Rain." There was his semi-rivalry with Michael Jackson, and then his team-up with the King of Pop on stage with James Brown in 1983. 
And in 1982 — seven months before the release of "1999" and two years before "Purple Rain" hit theaters — a 23-year-old Prince played at Palmer Auditorium in Davenport.
While Prince came back to perform in the Quad-Cities again in 1997, this first visit was something special.
It was a verifiable megastar at the precipice of ubiquity.
This advertisement for Prince's concert at Palmer Auditorium ran in the Quad-City Times in Feb. 1982. 
At the time of the show, Prince had charted on the Billboard Hot 100 just three times, for "Soft and Wet," "I Wanna Be Your Lover" and "Controversy," the title track for the album Prince toured in Davenport that night. By the end of his career, Prince had 47 Top 100 hits to his name, 19 of which made the Top 10.
Prince's show in Davenport was held on March 6, 1982. It was a Saturday, with the start time scheduled for 8 p.m. Tickets went for $9 to $10, which would be around $30 today, adjusted for inflation. 
The opening act for the show was The Time, who were in the wake of their Billboard Top 50 debut self-titled album. The Time guitarist Jesse Johnson was born in Rock Island, making the concert in Davenport a pseudo-hometown show for him, too, something the Quad-City Times promoted in the lead-up.
The concert, however, had no assigned reviewer from the Argus, Dispatch or Times, a rarity in the research for this Timeless Tickets series.
Perhaps it's because Prince hadn't quite reached the level of fame he'd hit in the years to come. Instead, the papers were focused on other news.
Prince performs at the Forum in Inglewood, Calif., on Feb. 18, 1985.
There was a Sunday story in praise of Dan Rather, who kept CBS atop network ratings despite Walter Cronkite's departure the year earlier. On Saturday, the Moline Dispatch ran a story about actor-comedian John Belushi, who died in New York at the age of 33. 
Much like this week in the Quad-Cities, there was also a discussion of the cosmic: that Wednesday, the planets in the solar system aligned on one side of the sun for the first time in centuries, leading conspiracists to believe there would be an apocalypse here on Earth.
There was not. The alignment of stars at Palmer Auditorium proved to be arguably more significant. 
And later that summer, a different prince was born: William, Prince of Wales, first son of Princess Diana.
Prince performs before a sold-out audience in Houston on Jan. 11, 1985. 
In the days after his show in Davenport, Prince played five more dates on his "Controversy" tour, including one the next night in Bloomington, Minnesota, near his hometown of Chanhassen. 
In the months after the show, Prince released "1999," his breakout record with hits like "Little Red Corvette" and "Delirious." It finished 1983 in the Top 5 of the year-end Billboard album chart, and went on to be certified four-times platinum. 
It was then that Prince became one of the biggest stars on Earth.
For a week in 1984, he held a unique triple crown: the No. 1 album, No. 1 song and No. 1 movie simultaneously. His sexual song "Darling Nikki" was the first domino in a reactionary movement that led to the establishment of a "Parental Advisory" label on albums with explicit material. 
He won seven Grammy Awards, an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and is still one of the highest-selling musicians of all-time. 
In this Feb. 4, 2007 file photo, Prince performs during the halftime show at Super Bowl XLI at Dolphin Stadium in Miami.
He was active even in the mid-2010's, when he was in his late fifties. He played a tribute show for Baltimore native Freddie Gray, who died in police custody, in 2015. He continued touring the U.S. with a new backing band. 
But on April 16, 2016, in Atlanta, Prince played his final show.
The next morning, he took a flight home to Minneapolis. On the flight, Prince became unresponsive, and his private plane emergency landed in Moline, his last visit to the Quad-Cities. Prince was admitted briefly at Trinity Moline for flu-like symptoms, received treatment and left. 
The Trinity hospital system in Moline was flooded with calls about Prince's appearance, the Quad-City Times reported in 2016. 
Less than a week later, he was found dead at his Minnesota home from an accidental fentanyl overdose at the age of 57.
In 2018, Prince's estate filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Trinity, among other defendants, but the case was dismissed. 
Since his death, Prince's legacy has stood the test of time. Artists like Andre 3000, Beyoncè, The Weeknd, Frank Ocean, Rihanna and Lady Gaga have cited him as an influence.
The Grammy Awards in 2017 opened with a Tribute to Prince. Morris Day, lead singer for The Time, kicked it off, playing his peppy funk songs "The Bird" and "Jungle Love."
It was an animated display of musical flamboyance. Stars in the crowd reacted with obvious joy, the way they might have if Prince himself took the stage that day.
Singer-actor Morris Day of The Time.
Then, Day abruptly ended. And the stage went dark. There was a blackness, like there probably was after The Time's set at Palmer Auditorium in 1982. An applause faded to a dull quiet before finally, the room illuminated.
Above the stage, Prince's famous logo lit up in white. Bruno Mars took the stage in Prince's signature garb. 
"Dearly beloved," Prince's voice echoed through the Grammy crowd, and they roared in approval. "We are gathered here today to get through this thing called life."
The logo's light pulsated, an apparent nod from Prince's famous afterworld. Even supernovas burn bright one last time before they're gone.  
This story is part of a series called "Timeless Tickets," where we're aiming to find the most notable concert in the Quad-Cities, every year from 1960 to today. Do you have a story or photo to share from an iconic local show? Send it to entertainment reporter Gannon Hanevold at ghanevold@qctimes.com. 
To read more "Timeless Tickets" stories, click here. 
During an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Wednesday night the White Stripes frontman spoke about the upcoming release of the music icon's unreleased 1986 album Camille under his Third Man Records record label. Host Stephen asked Jack whether he'd ever met Prince and the star recalled the memorable moment he crossed paths with the Purple Rain hitmaker at a party. "I met him one time. At an afterparty for this thing. He was incredibly nice. He told me, 'No one will ever tell you how to play your guitar, Jack.'” Jack White via The Late Show.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
In 1980, the power went out before a Harry Chapin concert at Palmer. The folk rocker improvised and did half of the show acoustic. 
The Mississippi River Jam came back for its second year in 1979, capping off a decade of outdoor rock music in the Quad-Cities. 
After years of effort to get a rock fest on Credit Island, Davenport music fans finally got it in 1978.
At the early onset of their fame, KISS recorded part of their live record 'Alive!' in Davenport.
Dolly Parton played in Davenport in 1977 ... as an opener?
Rock-loving youth and city council officials fought for months in 1976 about live music ordinances. That summer, B.B. King came to Davenport.
One of the defining genres of the '80s — new wave — made its way from the U.K. to Rock Island with Depeche Mode in 1985.
At the peak of hair metal, Col. Ballroom attendees got a dose of Metallica in 1986. 
In 1986, the Beastie Boys released the first ever No. 1 hip-hop album. A year later, they played the Col. Ballroom. 
The era of boy bands and teen pop stardom was just beginning when Tiffany and New Kids On The Block played in Davenport in 1988.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.