This is the first major hire under new CEO Elliot Grainge.

													By
												

	Marc Schneider

Industry News Editor

Alana Dolgin has joined Atlantic Music Group as the label’s first president of digital marketing, a position created to drive digital strategies across the labels within the company, including Atlantic Records, 300 Entertainment and 10K Projects. 

	Dolgin, who is based in AMG’s Los Angeles office, reports to chief operating officer Zach Friedman and general manager Tony Talamo. This role marks the first major new hire at AMG following the leadership shakeup under newly installed CEO Elliot Grainge.

	Dolgin’s role will focus on developing and executing digital marketing strategies for AMG’s roster, while also continuing her work as president of Homemade Projects, a talent management and digital marketing label acquired by Grainge’s 10K Projects in 2022. She initially joined Homemade Projects in 2021, transforming it into a prominent influencer marketing agency with clients such as Jake Shane, Anna Shumate, Emma Brooks McAllister and others.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Dolgin has already made notable contributions at AMG, including successful social media campaigns for high-profile releases like the ROSÉ/Bruno Mars duet “APT.” and Don Toliver’s “NEW DROP.”

	Prior to joining AMG, Dolgin worked at Columbia Records and HITCO, where she was instrumental in promoting major hits, such as Cardi B’s “Up” and Saint JHN’s “Roses,” which gained over 4.5 billion plays on TikTok in a month. She later led influencer marketing at Flighthouse, a role that helped her hone her expertise in viral marketing and prepared her to establish her own agency, which ultimately became part of Homemade Projects.

	Friedman, AMG’s COO, praised Dolgin’s leadership and innovation in digital marketing, calling her “the best digital marketer in music.” Dolgin also expressed excitement about leveraging her unique experience to enhance AMG’s digital campaigns, emphasizing that “the music ecosystem is more interconnected than it’s ever been and digital is the throughline.”
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.