By Author Kay D. Rhodes


Published: Jul 12, 2024 at 12:49 PM • Category Brittany Mahomes 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
Brittany Mahomes’ pregnant again! The ultimate Chiefs WAG is expecting her 3rd child with quarterback Patrick Mahomes and their announcement is the cutest thing ever!
We’re so happy for them – wonder what Taylor Swift will send as a gift!
“Round three, here we come”
That’s how Brittany told the world on Instagram that she’s expecting another baby! 
Brittan debuted her baby bump in a skintight white dress in the social media upload.
Patrick matched her VIBE in a white shirt of his own as the high school sweethearts watched their little ones, a two-year old daughter named Sterling Skye and a one-year-old son named Patrick “Bronze” Lavon Mahomes III, play with ultrasound photos.
The sweet announcement video was set to “Count on Me” by Bruno Mars. No word yet if they are expecting a boy or a girl!
Speculation started to run rampant around the Internet last year due to the 28-year-old’s collaboration with pharmaceutical company Kaléo to promote their Auvi-q allergy injector for infants.
In a promotional video for this brand — posted to Instagram on Wednesday — Brittany Mahomes recounts a scary experience she had last summer when her baby son was rushed to the hospital due to a peanut allergy. 
Brittany is holding her children on her lap in this footage.
“I have an infant and a toddler, both who have severe food allergies,” says Mahomes on tape, adding: 
“I think it is very important to raise awareness of what a severe reaction may look like, if it was to happen to a child.
“Based on my experience, a severe reaction may not look how you think it should look.”
This is clearly a very helpful and it could even be a life-saving message.
But Brittany’s words are NOT what many folks out there are focusing on at the moment.
Yes, many viewers praised Mahomes for sharing her story, but an item in Bronze’s hand caught the attention of at least some social media users.
“I thought bronze was holding a pregnancy test,” wrote one individual in response to the video.
A bunch of commentators agreed, with one stating in reply: “I’m glad I’m not the only one!”
According to Newsweek, the magazine actually reached out to Brittany Mahomes for a comment on this pregnancy rumor.
The outlet didn’t quote the entrepreneur, but a representative for Kaléo says the toddler is simply holding a toy in the video, not a pregnancy test.
Which makes a lot of sense, in our opinion.
“Like all moms, my kids’ safety and happiness is my number one priority,” Mahomes says in the caption of the aforementioned advertisement.
This is how it should be, of course.
If you need more proof that another baby is not yet on the way for the football couple, look no further than Brittany’s daring new role:
A post shared by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit (@si_swimsuit)
Sports Illustrated swimsuit model!
Brittany made her ‘SI Swimsuit’ debut as a 2024 Rookie for the magazine’s 60th anniversary issue. 
Along with the photos being absolutely dynamite, in the announcement for the spread, SI definitely called her a mother of 2, not 3. 
But that was then. This is now! Congrats to the growing MVP family! 
Kelly Ripa Slammed For ‘Offensive’ Interview With ‘Bachelorette’ …
Why Barbie Ferreira Exited ‘Euphoria’ Ahead of Season 3