B&B VIBES III
R&B VIBES returns to Salina, offering an intergenerational celebration of R&B and Soul music this weekend at The Venue, 638 Francis Street in Salina.
Set to take place July 27 from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m., R&B VIBES III is an immersive audio experience featuring hits from all eras, complete with sing-alongs, anthems, remixes, and slow jams.
Renowned DJs, including Cash Hollistah (Salina), DJ Detroit (Wichita), DJ Fluid (Wichita), and DJ 4theWin (Wichita), will be spinning tracks that span generations. From Stevie Wonder, Earth, Wind & Fire, and The Isley Brothers to Boyz II Men, Mary J. Blige, Mariah Carey, Bruno Mars, Janet Jackson, and Bryson Tiller, attendees can expect a musical journey like no other.
The event will showcase artwork from Salina native Tayshaw Long-Nail and Chauntéa Grissom from Hutchinson. Their pieces will be raffled off later in the evening, with tickets available for $3 each.
Nesha's Kitchen, a local favorite, will provide a free buffet, alongside a special menu for VIP guests. Food trucks from Tacos El Cora and Sam's Southern Eatery will also be on-site, ensuring a variety of delicious options.
To capture the night's memories, a photo booth will be available, while the cash bar offers themed and original drinks, including unique shots. An outdoor beer garden, featuring an oxygen bar provided by ILift Bodyworks & Sculpting, will add to the evening's ambiance.
"R&B VIBES is unique in that it is one of the few non-concert type events where you see 70's babies, 80's & 90's babies, and early 2000's babies, fans of one genre, under one roof, singing their hearts out," said Cash Hollistah, creator of the event. "From Stevie Wonder, Earth, Wind & Fire and The Isley Brothers to Boyz II Men and Mary J. Blige, Mariah Carey to Bruno Mars, Janet Jackson to Bryson Tiller, we take you on a ride."
Tickets for R&B VIBES are $20 online at thisisanrnbvibe.eventbrite.com or $30 at the door. Admission is restricted to those 21 years and older.
For more information on R&B VIBES, visit their Facebook or their Instagram.
Copyright © 2025 Salina Post - Powered byEagle Radio