"I'm just trying to push as much sound as possible"
Lady Gaga has spoken about the “true chaos” of her upcoming new album.
The pop star is due to release her seventh record album in February, having already previewed the project with its dramatic lead single ‘Disease’.
During a new interview with Rolling Stone, the singer explained that the song “felt like a way into the chaos of the album, which is kind of exercises in chaos – different sides of who I am as a person”.
She continued: “To me, there’s some kind of chaos in all of the ways we try to analyse ourselves.
“‘Disease’ is the beginning of that, and it started with this little voice on my shoulder saying, ‘There’s no more tears to cry, I heard you begging for life’, and that uncomfortable feeling that we can sometimes have when the voice in our head is not pleasant.”
Gaga went on to say that she was “just trying to push as much sound as possible” with the album. She explained that she wanted the LP to capture the feeling of struggling “to see the light” before something more positive happens.
“There’s other moments where it’s all about love, and it’s super dreamy,” Gaga added. “That, to me, is true chaos.
“There are times when it’s hard to see the light, but I think sometimes what makes inner chaos harder is when you sometimes get a glimpse of the sun, because you’re like, ‘Man, I wish the sun would shine all the time’, and then it reminds you of what you’re missing.”
She concluded: “So the album has all of that. It’s like a full experience.” You can watch the full conversation in the video above.
Similarly, another recent interview saw Gaga describe the forthcoming ‘LG7’ as “chaotic”, “genre-bending” and “very fun”.
“When I write and produce and sing songs, I am always drawing upon my knowledge of the history of music, and so many artists and producers that came before me,” she said.
“In that way, this album is a celebration of a lot of the music that made me who I am, because when I returned to a darker pop style of pop, all my early experiences with music came out.”
Speaking to Rolling Stone in September, Gaga said she wasn’t “even ready to talk about [her new album] yet”, but promised to reveal more details on the “unhinged” LP soon. However, she did explain: “The pop album is nothing like [2020’s] ‘Chromatica’. It’s a completely different record […] What I would say is, it’s all for me.”
Gaga added: “It’s meant to be ingested as a time in my life. And I’m also really excited about this idea that I don’t have to adhere to an era if I don’t want to. I can have a few going at once. That feels unhinged [laughs]…”
Earlier this year, Gaga released ‘Harlequin’ – a companion album to her new film Joker: Folie à Deux. Gaga shared the standalone collaborative single ‘Die With A Smile’ with Bruno Mars in August.
Last month, Gaga was confirmed as a headliner for Coachella 2025, alongside Post Malone and Green Day.
In other news, Lady Gaga has praised Cassyette’s screamcore cover of ‘Disease’ on social media.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.