e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Long Beach’s fourth annual Juneteenth celebration — among the largest in Southern California — will return to Rainbow Lagoon Park this weekend, though RSVP’s to the free event have already sold out.
More than 15,000 people attended last year’s celebration of Black heritage and culture, with even more expected to attend this year’s Juneteenth event, according to event organizers.
The event will take place from 10:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. Saturday, June 15, at Rainbow Lagoon Park, 400 E. Shoreline Drive.
Juneteenth commemorates the date — June 19, 1865 — when Union soldiers brought the news of freedom to the last enslaved Black people in Galveston, Texas — more than two years after the Emancipation Proclamation.
It marks the formal end of slavery after the Civil War, and has been celebrated by Black Americans for generations. Juneteenth officially became a federal holiday in 2021
Long Beach’s Juneteenth celebration this year will feature a special headliner: Singer and rapper Anderson .Paak — who will perform a set under his musical alter-ego, DJ Pee .Wee.
“I’m looking forward to celebrating Black freedom,” .Paak said in a recent press release. “I’ve got a special set cooked up and I can’t wait to vibe with the city of LBC.”
.Paak has gone by several other stage names since debuting his first mixtape in 2012, including Breezy Lovejoy, Cheeky Andy and, most recently, DJ Pee Wee.
He’s best known for his songs “Places to Be,” “Come Down” and “Make it Better.” But .Paak gained even more popularity after launching a collaboration, Silk Sonic, with musician Bruno Mars in 2021, known for their hits “Leave the Door Open” and “Smokin Out The Window.”
“With DJ Pee .Wee (aka Anderson .Paak) as our headliner, every aspect of the event is going way up,” Juneteenth organizer Carl Kemp said in a news release. “Having him perform has been my dream from the start, and I am truly (blessed) to work with a dedicated team of volunteers, generous sponsors, and beautiful community to bring Black joy to the city I love.”
Besides .Paak’s set, the city’s Juneteenth celebration will also feature step shows, gospel, jazz, poets, artists, food trucks and more.
For more information, visit lbjuneteenth.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group