e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Ksenia Solo, 37; Bruno Mars, 39; Sigourney Weaver, 75; Chevy Chase, 81.
Happy Birthday: A passionate approach can be magical if your words are eloquent, meaningful and uplifting. Approach each day using your skills, gifts, physical strength and courage, and you’ll have a positive impact. Follow your plans; there is no room for procrastination this year. It’s time to present, promote and turn your dreams into a reality. What you reap, you will sow. Take advantage of the opportunities around you. Your numbers are 4, 10, 18, 21, 26, 37, 42.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Be open, but formulate your strategy to suit your needs. Set your plans in motion and pay attention to detail. Leave nothing to chance; stick to the rules and regulations to avoid setbacks. A change of heart or health will have a positive ending if you act fast. 5 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Live up to your promises, and the returns will be higher than anticipated. Embrace new beginnings and let your mind and body carry you to places encouraging personal growth and opportunity. Don’t share too much information, or interference and arguments will develop. Love and romance are favored. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Stretch your mind, use your knowledge and articulate thoughts to reinforce your plans and ensure you finish what you start. Refuse to let outside interference disrupt your intentions or lead you astray. Stay focused on what you want, and you’ll attract interest from someone like-minded with something to contribute. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Stick to what you do best, and refrain from participating in heated discussions. Your mission is to complete what you set out to do and to gravitate toward people who have your back, not those looking to take you down. Personal and physical improvements will boost your morale. 3 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Participate, and you’ll discover people and possibilities who can motivate and help you thrive. Use your voice to articulate what you want others to know and understand, and you’ll get constructive feedback, support and help. Avoid making physical changes to your environment or appearance. 5 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Overreacting and indulgent behavior will stand between you and what you want. Think twice before you participate in a hasty decision or exchange of words. Focus on learning, gathering information and interacting with people who have as much to offer in return. Romance and personal growth are favored. 2 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Expand your interests, visit new places and explore what’s available. New surroundings will change your perspective and offer a vision of what’s possible. A curious, not fearful, approach to change will lead to a path that excites, motivates and attracts interesting people, places and pastimes. 4 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Explore the possibilities of turning something you love doing into an additional income. Think outside the box, be innovative and pick up certification to pursue one of your passions. Travel, educational pursuits and talking to an expert will help narrow the gap between dreaming and doing. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Emotions will surface if you let someone bait you into a disruptive discussion or lead you to believe a false narrative. The best opportunities will require dedication and gathering accurate information. Make communication, getting what you want in writing and your health a priority. 3 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): You may want to be in charge, but if you are pushy or assume a leadership role prematurely, you will meet with opposition. Take every opportunity to enhance your knowledge, gather facts and find innovative solutions that dazzle anyone skeptical of your intentions or qualifications. 3 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Share your thoughts with people heading down a similar path, and you’ll discover shortcuts that save time and money. Refrain from letting persuasive offers stunt your desire to follow your dreams and build your own future. Avoid taking a risk or making a hasty decision. 4 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Take time out to nurture yourself. Maintaining your health, fitness and overall well-being will help you avoid temptation and poor choices. Choose minimalism over excess; it will ease stress and make you feel good about your choices and prospects. Turn security and stabilization into your priority. 2 stars
Birthday Baby: You are ambitious, persistent and aggressive. You are sophisticated and charming.
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don’t rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you’ll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
Visit Eugenialast.com, or join Eugenia on Twitter/Facebook/LinkedIn.
Want a link to your daily horoscope delivered directly to your inbox each weekday morning? Sign up for our free Coffee Break newsletter at mercurynews.com/newsletters or eastbaytimes.com/newsletters. 
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group