Strictly Come Dancing is marking 20 years of the BBC competition with a fresh special theme - Icons Week. However, Pete Wicks found himself apologising after his performance.
In this inaugural week, which will now occur annually in the dance series, the celebrities and their professional dance partners will light up the dance floor in tribute to music icons.
On Saturday (November 2), the pairs honoured music legends from various eras, performing to tracks from their favourite artists, including Whitney Houston, Shirley Bassey and Queen.
The BBC has also hinted at an impressive Beyonce medley from the professional dancers, with Johannes Radebe embodying his inner Sasha Fierce to lead the routine.
Pete and professional dancer Jowita Przysta kicked off the show with a salsa to Queen's Another One Bites the Dust, with the reality star dressed as Freddie Mercury. At the end of the routine, the pair were seen embracing as Pete repeatedly apologised, while the dancer tried to comfort him, reports the Mirror.
Following the judges' feedback, Pete discussed his Queen performance with host Claudia Winkleman, saying: "It was definitely an honour, I think it's an ironic song for me tonight, another one bites the dust."
The judges then revealed their scores, with Pete and Jowita earning 22 points. Nonetheless, some Strictly fans leapt to Pete's defence, with one individual commenting on X: "Still a weird song choice for a Salsa. But Pete looks SENSATIONAL as Freddie Mercury! #Strictly."
One viewer expressed: "Who decided that another one bits the dust was suitable for a salsa FFS. Poor Pete #strictly", while another added: "#Strictly I don't think that song should have been to salsa just didn't work #strictly."
"Tough song for a salsa, he picked himself back up after the mistakes, but I feel Pete could be in the dance off this week", commented another fan.
As we head into Week 7, Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas are the pair to watch, having secured the highest-scoring dance for two consecutive weeks. Last week, they were joined at the top of the leaderboard by Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola.
Lagging behind on the scoreboard are Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell, with a total of 26 points. Perhaps their Tango to Rock and Roll All Nite by KISS this week will see them climb to the top.
In other news, JLS star JB Gill and Lauren Oakley are set to perform a hip-hop-inspired couple's choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley, as Amy Dowden is absent from the live show.
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.