The superstar confirmed their engagement at the Paris Olympics.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Lady Gaga already had the ring, but now she’s got the red carpet photos with Michael Polansky to make their engagement official.

	While at the 2024 Venice International Film Festival to support the premiere of Joker: Folie à Deux, the 38-year-old superstar faced cameras with her fiancé by her side, marking the couple’s red carpet debut after more than four years together. Gaga complemented a daring black Christian Dior Haute Couture gown with an avant-garde Philip Treacy headpiece, while Polansky matched her in a simple tuxedo.

	The couple posed on the carpet with the entrepreneur holding the 13-time Grammy winner’s left hand — subtly showing off her enormous engagement diamond — and resting his other arm around her waist. Also at the premiere were Gaga’s Joker 2 costar Joaquin Phoenix, who plays the titular role, and director Todd Phillips.

	










	The event comes over a month after the “Bad Romance” singer confirmed her engagement in a conversation with French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal at the Paris Olympics in July, a snippet of which was captured in a video that circulated online. “My fiancé, Michael,” she said as she introduced Polansky to the politician.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Gaga and the businessman have been dating since at least early 2020, with Mother Monster making their relationship Instagram official with a post that February. In an interview couple months later, she referred to Polansky as “the love of my life.”

	In addition to Folie à Deux, which hits theaters Oct. 4, Gaga is also gearing up to release new music. She dropped “Die With a Smile” with Bruno Mars in July to warm fans up for her upcoming era — the track reached No. 1  on the Billboard Global 200 — and she’s now begun teasing her seventh album, the first single of which arrives in October. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.