The news team has the pleasure of going about the Baton Rouge area to try all sorts of different foods — sharing our favorites each week. Looking back at the year, here are the 24 best things we ate in Baton Rouge in 2024.
The ambience in the Library Wine and Provisions is cozy yet sophisticated, with velvet seating, dim lighting and a gallery wall that features legendary writers. The interior alone is reason to visit, but the food is worth it, too.
For my entree, I decided on cast-iron redfish with risotto, spinach, crawfish and a spicy butter sauce. Oh. My. Gosh. The redfish melted in my mouth with the butter sauce, and the risotto complemented it perfectly. I can't wait to go back and try something new. 
Library Wine and Provisions, 7530 S. Burnside Ave., Gonzales. (Lauren Cheramie, features writer) 
Lemongrass Chicken Claypot at Pho Cafe 
Pho Café specializes in a variety of Vietnamese fare, but for me, the Lemongrass Chicken Clay Pot with rice won the day. Served in a homey, comforting clay pot, the dish was stuffed with savory and sweet chicken, squash, zucchini, bell peppers, onions, celery and rice. The vegetables were cooked to perfection, slightly crispy yet tender, and the chicken was juicy and flavorful.
The best part of the clay pot was the infusion of lemon grass flavor mingled together with the chicken, vegetables and rice. The serving size was generous, and I had enough for leftovers. All of this deliciousness and a glass of sweet tea met my lunch cravings for about $15.
Pho Café, 3851 S. Sherwood Forest Blvd., Baton Rouge (Joy Holden, features reporter)
Piquillo peppers from Solera in Baton Rouge.
If there's one tapa you must get from Solera, it's the piquillo peppers. Stuffed with manchego cheese and drizzled with rosemary-infused honey, the blistered peppers on crostini are a mix between sweet, savory and creamy that delight and surprise the tastebuds.
Also to note: the Brussels sprouts at Solera are some of the best Brussels sprouts I've had with piquillo pepper jelly, chorizo and crumbled goat cheese.
Solera, 4205 Perkins Road, Baton Rouge. (Lauren Cheramie, features writer)
A full rack of ribs at TJ Ribs
I'm not sure what took me so long to visit TJ Ribs, but for my inaugural visit, ribs seemed like the only option — and I'm glad of the choice. The restaurant proclaims that its ribs are marinated for 24 hours in a secret seasoning and then slow-cooked in what they describe as a "special oven," before the ribs are finished on a grill and lightly glazed with a signature barbecue sauce. So tender. So flavorful.
Though I don't eat ribs often, I'm a fan — and know where I'll head the next time the mood strikes. 
TJ Ribs, 2324 S. Acadian Thruway, Baton Rouge. (Jan Risher, features editor)
Pot de crème at Beausoleil -- rich and wonderful. 
On some days, you just need a little extra boost of happy. Occasionally, chocolate is the only fix. Last week, after a long morning that was spectacularly capped off by a lobster roll lunch at Beausoleil, I still felt the need for chocolate. 
Pot de crème, translates literally to "pots of cream," which doesn't do this chocolate pudding dessert justice, in my opinion. Beausoleil's version is a richer chocolate than most others I've tried — and that was just fine by me! 
Beausoleil Coastal Cuisine, 7731 Jefferson Highway, Baton Rouge (Jan Risher, features editor)
The garlic knots at Rocca are enveloped in chimichurri, fresh herbs and grana, served in a small cast-iron skillet with whipped provolone on the side for dipping. 
Can I just say: These knots are life-changing?
When I took my family to Rocca for dinner one evening, everyone kept saying, "These are so good." The garlic knots are enveloped in chimichurri, fresh herbs and grana, served in a small cast-iron skillet with whipped provolone on the side for dipping. 
Rocca Pizzeria, 3897 Government St., Baton Rouge (Lauren Cheramie, features writer)
Chicken el Greco from Zorba's Greek Bistro 
Zorba's is one of those places in Baton Rouge that feels like a hidden gem because of the location and the size of the restaurant. The restaurant's atmosphere is charming, and the traditional Greek dishes are mouthwatering. 
The chicken el greco is excellent, which features zesty olive oil and garlic sauce, sautéed mushrooms, tomatoes and Kalamata olives, served with salad, grilled vegetables and rice pilaf for $17. This was some of the best chicken I've had, and it marinated so well with the olive oil and garlic. 
Zorba's Greek Bistro, 5713 Essen Lane, Baton Rouge. (Lauren Cheramie, features writer) 
The sampler platter at Jamaican Vibes
After trying the sampler platter from Jamaican Vibes, I felt like planning a vacation to Jamaica and spending my whole budget on food. Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection. The jerk ribs fell off the bone when picked up. They were incredibly tender, and the jerk seasoning was sweet, a little spicy and well balanced. It's a must-try for any fan of pork ribs.
Equally tender was the filling of the beef patty. The pastry encasing it was delightfully flaky. It was my first time trying a Jamaican beef patty, but I can't imagine they get any better than this.
4763 Airline Highway, Baton Rouge (Javier Gallegos, staff photographer)
The crawfish crepes dish at Eliza Restaurant includes Louisiana crawfish tails, Gruyère, Mornay sauce and fresh chives.  
It’s listed as an appetizer, but after one bite, you won’t want to share this with anyone. 
Delicate crepes are covered with crawfish tails, a Gruyere mornay sauce and a sprinkling of chives. It’s a light and savory crepe with enough heft from the crawfish and sauce to make it a meal. Paired with the Eliza house salad that’s loaded with bacon and parmigiano reggiano cheese and a peppercorn dressing, it's a meal worth indulging in.
Eliza Restaurant, 7970 Jefferson Highway, Baton Rouge (Jennifer Brown, senior editor)
Mid City Bakery's oatmeal creme pie or 'Big Debs' at Pelican to Mars during a pop-up. 
At the bar Pelican to Mars, Mid City Bakery frequently pops-up, Christmas decor is out and vibes are good. Mid City Bakery wasn’t part of the plan that night, but they more than made up for it. It’s nostalgic but better than the original. Their take on Little Debbie’s oatmeal creme pies brings all the gooey creaminess of the source material but with bolder flavors and spices. No wonder they’ve been dubbed “Big Debs.”
Several locations, check www.instagram.com/midcitybakery for pop-up dates and information. (Serena Puang, features writer)
Fire-grilled artichokes at J. Alexander's Restaurant
OMG. That was the first word out of my mouth after I tried the fire-grilled artichokes at J. Alexander's, along with wide eyes and a smile. Paired with a rémoulade sauce, the artichokes were charred to perfection and drizzled with butter and herbs. The sauce — typically made with a combination of mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, garlic, paprika, salt and more — was an excellent dipping vessel for each piece of the warm artichoke. 
After the dish was finished, our waitress brought warm towels to the table to clean our fingers. It's the little things. I can't say enough nice adjectives about this starter. 
J. Alexander's, 6457 Bluebonnet Blvd., Baton Rouge (Lauren Cheramie, features writer)
The tuna tostadas from The Patio are made with seasoned sashimi grade tuna on a crispy corn tortilla and topped with avocado, onion and house-made Gochujang aioli — a Korean Chili paste.
The tuna tostadas at the Patio are the best thing I've eaten this year. The dish is basically a tuna-based sushi roll deconstructed and reformulated on a tortilla with cheese, pico de gallo and housemade gochujang aioli. It is an immaculately constructed tostada that stays crunchy and doesn’t fall apart while you eat it. The tuna tostadas are fusion food at its best, and they live in my mind rent free.
The Patio Tex-Mex Fusion, 7655 Old Hammond Highway, Baton Rouge (Serena Puang, staff writer)
The Bayou Lafourche at Frank’s Restaurant is like several meals rolled into one.
The Bayou Lafourche at Frank's Restaurant. 
There’s the omelet with green onions and mushrooms, which could be good by itself. But when the omelet is wrapped around a crabcake, this makes it luxurious, and the smoked tasso cream sauce ties it all together. All this and a side of biscuits to sop up the extra sauce? No wonder Frank’s has been around for 60 years. 
8353 Airline Highway, Baton Rouge (Serena Puang, features writer)
The first thing I thought when I walked into Bin 77 is that something smells good. The second thing: I wish I had a reservation. My 7:30 p.m. dinner turned into 9:15 p.m. with the line ahead of me, but the steak and Gruyere flatbread more than made up for it.
The steak and gruyere flatbread at Bin 77 was worth the wait.
The grilled tenderloin pairs perfectly with the cheese and arugula so that it’s not too overpowering, and the diversity of flavors on the plate make it so that you can savor every last bite. It’s like the best parts of eating a pizza with the vibes of a slightly elevated restaurant with live music. It was worth the wait.
Bin 77 Bistro & Sidebar, 10111 Perkins Rowe, Suite 160, Baton Rouge (Serena Puang, features writer)
If you find yourself at Gino's, order the arancini. The dish includes a ball of goodness stuffed with ground meat and peas and topped with sauce and Parmigiano cheese. Each bite is delectable, and you may find yourself wanting more than one. 
Gino's Restaurant, 4542 Bennington Ave., Baton Rouge (Lauren Cheramie, features coordinator)
The boudin melt at Elsie's Plate and Pie in Baton Rouge includes pepper jack cheese, house made boudin, caramelized onions and roasted jalapenos on sourdough. 
Let me set the scene: A heaping dose of housemade boudin, pepper jack cheese, caramelized onions and roasted jalapeños is assembled between two buttery, toasted pieces of sourdough bread. Each bite was crispy and crunchy and packed with flavor. The boudin meshes with the spicy jalapeños, and the melted pepper jack cheese makes every bite a perfect cheese pull.
Elsie's, 3145 Government St., Baton Rouge (Lauren Cheramie, features coordinator) 
Magpie Cafe sits as a peaceful, garden-loving coffee shop that serves fresh pastries, baked goods and hot dishes. Inside, various local art is for sale hanging on the walls, as well as fresh coffee and creaky wood floors.
Magpie Cafe, located at 3205 Perkins Road, serves loaded grits with Borsin cheese, crispy bacon, a fried egg and fresh chives with a hot Americano. 
The Boursin-loaded grits are garlicky, buttery soft and perfect for a full breakfast. The dish is topped with crispy bacon, fresh chives from the garden, a perfectly cooked fried egg, and salt and pepper. A good bite on a warm, rainy day in Baton Rouge. 
Magpie Cafe, 3205 Perkins Road, Baton Rouge (Margaret DeLaney, health section coordinator)
This particular pizza at Var’s includes red sauce, white sauce, roasted chicken, spinach, bell pepper, Roma tomato, pesto, banana peppers and artichoke hearts.
Every ingredient tasted fresh, and each one had its shining moment. For me, though, the star was the crust, which is homemade every day from St. Bruno Bread Company. It was thin enough to have crunch and thick enough to hold everything together — the perfect happy medium. 
Var’s Pizza, 3030 Perkins Road, Baton Rouge (Lauren Cheramie, staff writer)
The Roasted Vegetable Lasagna at Cocha is vegan and delicious. 
The roasted vegetable lasagna from Cocha looks small but is the perfect portion size to savor every bite and not get sick of the flavor. It also comes with a light side salad. This vegan lasagna provides all the satisfaction of its nonvegan counterpart and features at least eight different vegetables for a variety of tastes in every bite. A great little mid-week treat.
Cocha, 445 N. Sixth St, Baton Rouge. (Serena Puang, features writer) 
When I lived in Nevada for six years, I grew accustomed to enjoying restaurants inside casinos. Turns out, the same is true closer to home these days.
At 1717 in The Queen Baton Rouge casino on the Mississippi River just north of downtown, the Philly cheesesteak nachos blew me away. I loved the loads of Philly cheesesteak atop a gigantic pile of freshly made corn tortilla chips — with grilled peppers, grilled onions and cheese sauce on top. Eating while enjoying the view of the Mississippi River was the icing on the cake. It was the kind of spot that made me think, "I can't wait to be here with friends."
1717 (restaurant inside The Queen Baton Rouge casino), 1717 River Park Blvd., Baton Rouge. (Jan Risher, Louisiana culture editor)
The beef stir-fried fresh flat rice noodles at Asian Seafood House. 
Stir-fried noodles are one of the best stress tests of a good Chinese restaurant. It tells you the flavor palette of a place, and it shows you how generous they are with their liao (the non-noodle ingredients that go into stir fry).
When I brought my visiting family to eat at Asian Seafood House, I was excited about dim sum and congee, but more than anything, I was impressed by their beef stir-fried fresh flat rice noodles ($16.80). The flavor is subtle and delicious. After tasting Asian Seafood House’s rice noodles, my parents said they want to do Thanksgiving there.
Asian Seafood House Restaurant, 11294 Florida Blvd. (Serena Puang, features reporter)
Fried catfish po-boy from Chris's Specialty Foods. 
Lunch options at Chris's include chicken Caesar salad wraps, Reuben sandwiches, po-boys and other weekly specials like rice and gravy. I opted for the catfish po-boy — something I haven't had in a very long time. 
When the po-boy arrived, it was huge. The bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside, and the catfish was so fresh that it tasted like someone brought it in off the boat that morning. The fries were my favorite kind of fries: crispy, crunchy and topped with Cajun seasoning. 
Chris's Specialty Foods, 18135 E. Petroleum Drive, Baton Rouge. (Lauren Cheramie, staff writer)
Birria tacos from Chow Yum 
Every Tuesday (and only on Tuesdays) Chow Yum hosts Taco Tuesday with a birria taco special. Along with the birria tacos, there are other Tuesday drink and food specials.
For an appetizer, we ordered The Mandu, which features fried spicy beef bulgogi dumplings, melted cheese, kimchi salsa, gochujang aioli, pickled jalapeños and scallions. The dish was the perfect amount of spicy without overpowering on the heat. 
Next, it was easy to decide on an entree because of the Tuesday occasion. The bo kho birria tacos include three Vietnamese beef stew-inspired brisket tacos griddled with melted cheese and onions and served with Bo Rho consume, slaw and pickled jalapeños. Each taco was crunchy and full of flavor. The dipping juice was surprising, as it was spicy but also included a hint of mint. 
Chow Yum, 2363 Hollydale Ave., Baton Rouge. (Lauren Cheramie, features writer) 
Executive club from Martin's in Baton Rouge.  
The executive club from Martin's is not only one of my favorite sandwiches in Baton Rouge, but it's packed with flavor.
First, there is oven-roasted turkey, grilled ham, hickory smoked bacon, American cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise. Then, you get to pick your bread. I went with 7-grain. All of the contents are layered amongst three toasty pieces of bread. The cheese melted in my mouth with the turkey and ham, and the smoked bacon added a crunch. To smooth things over, the tomatoes and lettuce added a refreshing punch with the mayo.
Martin Wine Cellar, 6463 Moss Side Lane, Baton Rouge. (Lauren Cheramie, features writer) 
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: