Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and women's issues. She previously uncovered a growing pattern of knife crime against women in the UK and worked on stories focusing on the dark side of medical tourism. She joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously worked at the Independent and South West News Service. Lydia holds a degree from the University of Bristol and a master's in journalism from Sheffield University. Languages: English and Spanish. You can contact her via email: l.patrick@newsweek.com
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Walking a cat outdoors on a leash may not turn as many heads as it used to, with more and more felines roaming the streets alongside their respective humans.
Owners of indoor cats who want to show their protected animals the outdoor world are turning to harnesses and leashes, accessories traditionally reserved for dogwalking.
Though sometimes felines are not so keen as their canine counterparts on being kept on a leash.
One enormous Siberian forest cat, Mika Chonk (@mika_chonk), proved this to be true in a hilarious video where her wild instincts overtook and she leapt up a tree to try and chase a bird, dragging her owner with her in Boulder, Colorado.
A post shared by Mika (@mika_chonk)
In a video that has amassed 11.8 miillion views on Instagram, her owner said: "Our walks are not always pure chaos , I swear."
The hilarious footage showed Mika on a leash with her owner walking on some grass, when the cat seems to spot a bird in the grass.
Newsweek reached out to Mika_Chonk for comment via Instagram. We could not verify the details of the case.
The cat chases the unspecified creature, taking her owner with her, and then decides to pounce up a tree.
Luckily, her owner manages to keep her balance and Mika remains safe in her harness and attached to her lead.
Siberian forest cats are affectionate, large and inquisitive cats who need extensive outdoor space.
According to the charity Cats Protection, many cats do not take well to leads and harnesses. The charity advised that if you want to take your cat out for walks, you should start harness training from a young age and begin with practicing shorter walks.
Cat walkers should also let their cats lead the way rather than attempting to take the lead, they explained.
Commenters were left in stitches by the cat's powerful force.
One user said: "What kind of squirrel is this?"
Another joked: "Powerful car! How many horsepower?"
Barbara Wells said: "The hell with walking today Mom. We are tree climbing."
Amusingly, Mika's owner soundtracked the clip with "Runaway" by Bruno Mars, perfectly encapsulating the cat's outburst.
One user said: "I didn't know it was a cat until it was up the tree."
Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share? Send them to life@newsweek.com with some details about your best friend and they could appear in our Pet of the Week lineup.
Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and women's issues. She previously uncovered a growing pattern of knife crime against women in the UK and worked on stories focusing on the dark side of medical tourism. She joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously worked at the Independent and South West News Service. Lydia holds a degree from the University of Bristol and a master's in journalism from Sheffield University. Languages: English and Spanish. You can contact her via email: l.patrick@newsweek.com
Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and women's issues. She previously uncovered a growing pattern of knife crime against women in the UK and worked on stories focusing on the dark side of medical tourism. She joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously worked at the Independent and South West News Service. Lydia holds a degree from the University of Bristol and a master's in journalism from Sheffield University. Languages: English and Spanish. You can contact her via email: l.patrick@newsweek.com
Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC