Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing fans have predicted the champion of the 2024 series, casting aside current favourites to win Chris McCausland and Tasha Ghouri.
 Saturday (November 2) was another dazzling night in the ballroom, marking a first for the BBC One dance contest. In honour of its 20th anniversary, Strictly unveiled a new themed week. 
The newly launched 'Icons Week' saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the dance floor to perform a routine set to a track from a famous singer or band, including George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars.
JLS star JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley secured the joint-top score of the evening while JB's regular partner, Amy Dowden, watched from the studio, reports the Express.
 Amy, the Welsh professional dancer, missed last Sunday's results show after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show's production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" when she began "feeling unwell" following their Halloween special performance, according to the Manchester Evening News.
Lauren, who doesn't have a partner for this year's series of the BBC dancing show, stepped in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB during the latest live show, earning a score of 39 out of a possible 40, his highest score of the series and first 10's.
Reality star Tasha Ghouri and her dance partner Aljaz Skorjanec impressed audiences with their routine to P!nk's 'What About Us', scoring a series high of 39 points. Judge Praising the pair, Anton Du Beke said: "I didn't notice Aljaz once, you were exquisite, you made it personal and just lovely." Aljaz graciously accepted the compliment.
Meanwhile, former Olympian Sam Quek and her dance partner Nikita Kuzmin earned 29 points for their American Smooth to Taylor Swift's 'Love Story', and comedian Chris McCausland, alongside Dianne Buswell, also scored 29 for their tango set to Kiss's 'Rock And Roll All Nite'.
However, it was Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola who truly captivated the audience, achieving an outstanding 37 out of 40 for their cha cha to Madonna's iconic 'Just Like A Prayer'. Embodying the Queen of Pop, Sarah delivered a performance to remember.
Dressed as Tina Turner for the evening's theme, Judge Motsi Mabuse lavished praise on Sarah and Vito. "This was iconic, whole package made sense, tight steps, on-point and rhythmical, rolling like Tina," she enthused.
As the competition crossed its midpoint, fans of Strictly are already tipping Sarah and Vito as potential winners of the 2024 series. On Twitter, @Daniel_Bevis expressed his support: "Fab again from Sarah and Vito! I think they're our 2024 winners guys #Strictly."
On social media, @BRATTYBARBl was full of praise, tweeting: "Sarah Hadland truly deserves to win this series... she's a b****y insane dancer #Strictly." Also showing support, @SeaThundr tweeted with conviction: "Sarah Hadland is winning this. Icon. Legend. #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing."
Strictly Come Dancing: The Results will air on BBC One at 7.20pm on Sunday