Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
The Los Angeles Clippers have long been seen as playing "second fiddle" to the crosstown Lakers, playing in the same arena and competing for coverage and attention with the team that's boasted NBA icons from Magic Johnson to Kobe Bryant and LeBron James — even when, like this past season, the Clippers put up a better record.
That's all set to change this summer, when the Clippers' new home opens to the public in Inglewood, a 20-minute drive (traffic permitting) from the Crypto.com Arena — formerly Staples Center — in Downtown L.A. that both teams have shared for the last 25 years.
The Intuit Dome has already garnered its share of superlatives before the doors have even opened: it's being privately financed by one of the richest men in the world at a cost of $2 billion, making it the most expensive NBA stadium ever constructed and among the world's most expensive sports venues — second only to SoFi Stadium, the home of the NFL's L.A. Rams that's a stone's throw away.
Naming rights to the arena were quickly snapped up by Intuit, California-based software company and TurboTax parent, for $500 million over 23 years.
The Intuit Dome is the passion project of Steve Ballmer, the gregarious former Microsoft CEO and owner of the Clippers who's worth $143 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
"You all, fans and players together, deserve the ultimate home court," Ballmer said during the construction groundbreaking in 2021. "We want the comfort and convenience of home, but the energy, excitement and enthusiasm of being able to smell the leather on the ball as it's moving around the court."
Ballmer has hailed the building as a basketball "mecca" and "palazzo."
"This building will transform the way we come together as neighbors and cheer," said Gillian Zucker, the president of business operations for the Clippers. "Intuit Dome is the ultimate manifestation of Steve's vision, everything a basketball arena, a concert venue and a community center should be."
Despite a capacity far smaller than a stadium of similar cost, like SoFi next door, Intuit's lofty pricetag is a product of its innovative design and the cutting-edge technology that will greet fans inside.
The entire concept was built on making a better fan experience, a spokesperson for Clippers told Newsweek. The building itself has been engineered so that the seating is much steeper than a typical arena, making it so the fans feel like they are literally on top of the action.
Intuit's signature feature is called "The Wall," which will provide 51 uninterrupted rows for 4,500 of the "most passionate" fans to watch a game. Visitors are not allowed to wear opponent's gear or cheer for the opposing team while seated in the section. They also cannot resell tickets outside of the Clippers fan marketplace.
A jersey from all 1,400 high school teams in California will line the concourse. It will hang right behind "The Wall." The Clippers told Newsweek they have collected about 1,200 so far.
There are five basketball courts at Intuit. One court, Court B which is named for Ballmer, is an exact replica of the game court. The local community will be able to partner with the Clippers to host events and games there. Reclaimed wood from local courts has also been incorporated into the floors and walls.
The building's most eye-catching piece of technology will be a giant double-sided screen made up of 200 million LEDs — the largest of its kind ever manufactured for an arena. The "halo board," as it's been dubbed, will provide better views for fans, particularly those in the upper bowl sections. The roof has been engineered specifically to accommodate the giant screen so it doesn't block sightlines.
The board will be powered by artificial intelligence as well, the Clippers told Newsweek, to "help fans be better fans."
With all of the 17,700 seats connected electronically, the organization can measure the audio levels in different sections. In real time, cameras connected to the board will focus on the loudest section and t-shirt cannons strategically placed on the bottom of the board can be directed toward those fans.
"This is going to be an unbelievable building, a great experience to come into," said Jerry West, NBA Hall of Famer and Clippers consultant. "This should be a fantastic venue for everyone coming to watch."
In addition:
300+ - the number of electric vehicle charging stations on site
3,592 - the number of 60-inch TVs it would take to make the Halo Board
38,375 - square footage of the Halo Board
3,800 - the number of parking spots at the garage on site
7,000 - jobs created during construction
Grammy winner Bruno Mars will open the Intuit Dome with a pair of shows lined up for August. The venue has also booked several other high-profile concerts and live events, as well as the 2026 NBA All-Star Game. It will also play a starring role during the 2028 Summer Olympics.
And of course, the arena will host the Clippers when the 2024-25 NBA season kicks off in October.
"Having been, I think, to pretty much every basketball arena in the world probably over the course of my many years at the NBA, I eagerly await the first opportunity to see a Clippers game here," NBA commissioner Adam Silver said earlier this year.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC