Watching Strictly Come Dancing on Saturday night will be “tough” for professional Amy Dowden, she said.


  This is because she’ll be watching from the sidelines despite wanting to celebrate one year since finishing chemotherapy on the dancefloor.


  The Welsh dancer, 34, returned to competing in the BBC show for its 20th anniversary series after missing out last year while undergoing cancer treatment.


  However, earlier this week she was forced to pull out of the competition after suffering an insufficiency stress fracture to her foot.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)






A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)


  Appearing on ITV’s Lorraine on Thursday (November 7), she said: “Saturday is going to be tough because I really wanted to be dancing on that floor to show myself how far I’ve had come in one year.”


  She explained that on Saturday, November 9 it is a year since she rang the bell to mark the end of her chemotherapy treatment.


  The dancer revealed she had planned to dance the samba with her celebrity partner, JLS star JB Gill, as she felt it would be a “joyful carnival happy dance”.


  Gill has since been paired with professional Lauren Oakley who stepped in to replace Dowden on last weekend’s show.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)






A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)


  After a couple of weeks of rest, Dowden is hoping to return to the dancefloor in some capacity.


  “I’m hoping to dance by the end of series and obviously next year, I got my tour with Carlos – Reborn. I’m determined”, she said.


  “I’ve had a lot of setbacks in my life, since 11 years old, I’m used to having to pick myself back up and saying ‘Don’t get bitter, get better’, I tell myself and ‘This too shall pass’.


  “And right now, I’m heartbroken, but I know I’ll feel better.”


  Last Saturday, Dowden watched in the studio as Gill and Oakley danced to a Bruno Mars medley and earned the joint-highest score of this year’s series.


  Dowden was taken to hospital as a “precaution” after “feeling unwell” following the live show the previous weekend and missed the Sunday results programme, her representative said at the time.


  Amy Dowden to celebrate one year since the end of chemotherapy treatment


  Dowden found a lump in her breast the day before her honeymoon to the Maldives with fellow professional dancer Ben Jones and was unable to compete on Strictly 2023.


Recommended reading:


  After treatment for stage three breast cancer including having a mastectomy and chemotherapy, she announced in February that tests showed she had “no evidence of disease”.


  The Caerphilly-born dancer has documented both her cancer journey and living with Crohn’s disease on a number of BBC shows.


  She fronted the BBC programme Strictly Amy: Crohn’s And Me, which she said helped her “accept” her own condition for the “first time ever” after meeting other people with the bowel disease.


  Dowden said the BBC show encouraged her to front Strictly Amy: Cancer And Me in which she spoke about her fertility and health issues.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.