e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Rock band 311 fittingly announced on Monday, March 11 (3/11) that they’ve been added to the OC Fair’s 2024 season at Pacific Amphitheatre in Costa Mesa.
311 will perform with support from Awolnation and Neon Trees on Tuesday, Aug. 27. Tickets for the event are $47.50-$87.50 and go on sale to the general public at 10 a.m. Saturday, March 16 at 10 a.m. at pacamp.com. Since the show is happening outside of the July 19-Aug. 18 run of the OC Fair, this show does not include same-day fair admission.
In addition, three more shows have been added to the roster of tribute acts performing inside The Hangar at the OC Fair & Event Center, which do include same-day admission to the fair. 24K Magic (a tribute to Bruno Mars) will perform on Monday, July 29; Elton: The Early Years (a tribute to Elton John) will perform on Wednesday, July 31 and Listen to the Music (a tribute to The Doobie Brothers) on Friday, Aug. 2. Tickets are $20-$25 and go on sale at 10 a.m. Saturday, March 16 at pacamp.com.
Other shows at the OC Fair’s Pacific Amphitheatre include rock band Cake performing on Tuesday, July 9; The Happy Together Tour on Sunday, July 21, with The Turtles, Jay and The Americans, The Association, Badfinger, The Vogues and The Cowsills; and Los Tucanes de Tijuana on Sunday, July 14, with a special guest Voz de Mando.
August performances will feature country star Brett Young headlining on Aug. 4; country-pop singer-songwriter Walker Hayes on Wednesday, Aug. 7; Isla Vista-based reggae rock band Rebelution, who announced it will headline for four evenings on Aug. 8-11 while out on its Good Vibes Cali Tour with special guests Kolohe Kai, Matisyahu, Cydeways and DJ Mackle.
Chris Lane will take the stage on Wednesday, Aug. 14, followed by a co-headlining acoustic performance by Rick Springfield and Richard Marx on Thursday, Aug. 15.
After the fair, blues singer, guitarist, and songwriter Bonnie Raitt will perform a special show on Sept. 14.
For more information on the OC Fair, go to ocfair.com. For the most up-to-date concert lineup at Pacific Amphitheatre, visit pacamp.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group