We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Icons only.
Strictly Come Dancing week 7 spoilers follow.
The BBC has confirmed the songs and dances for Strictly Come Dancing's Icons Week.
The brand-new theme will feature the remaining Strictly couples paying tributes to legendary musical stars with choreography and costumes that fans will recognise.
One big change for this week will be professional dancer Lauren Oakley standing in for Amy Dowden following Amy's hospitalisation. Lauren and celebrity partner JB Gill will be performing a Couple’s Choice dance set to a Bruno Mars medley.
Related: Best streaming services 2024 — including Disney Plus, Netflix, iPlayer and Apple TV+
Montell Douglas and pro partner Johannes Radebe are waltzing to 'I Will Always Love You' by Whitney Houston, and Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin will dance an American Smooth to 'Love Story (Taylor’s Version)' by Taylor Swift.
Sarah Hadland and her partner Vito Coppola will Cha Cha Cha to 'Like A Prayer' by Madonna. Elsewhere, Tasha Ghouri and Aljaž Škorjanec are set to perform a Couple’s Choice dance to 'What About Us' by Pink.
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell have landed a Tango to 'Rock And Roll All Nite' by KISS. EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick and pro Michelle Tsiakkas will be dancing the Samba to 'Faith' by George Michael.
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal are performing a Salsa set to 'Another One Bites The Dust' by Queen, while Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu will dance a Quickstep to 'Help!' by The Beatles.  
Rounding off this week's performances will be Wynne Evans and Katya Jones' Rumba to 'This is My Life' by Dame Shirley Bassey.
Related: Strictly – Where to buy Tess Daly’s outfits
Sunday's results show will feature the Strictly pros performing a Beyoncé medley during the results show, with Johannes taking on a central role. Dear Alice are set to perform live as well.
Strictly Come Dancing airs on Saturdays on BBC One, while spin-off Strictly: It Takes Two airs on weeknights on BBC Two. Both shows are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.
Interested in talking about Strictly? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
Read more Strictly news on our dedicated homepage
Justin is a freelance entertainment journalist and writer. He first joined Digital Spy as a freelance entertainment reporter in 2010 and also worked as a sub-editor for the brand, serving as Night News Editor from 2016 to 2024. Over more than a decade, Justin has covered numerous major entertainment events from the US and has interviewed a wide-ranging group of public figures, from comedian Steve Coogan to icons from the Star Trek universe, cast members from the Marvel Cinematic Universe and reality stars from numerous Real Housewives cities and the Below Deck franchise. Justin has also been on the ground to cover major pop culture events like the Star Wars Celebration and the D23 Expo. He's written for titles across the Hearst network, plus the likes of CBR and Us Weekly.
 
Hugh Jackman’s sheep mystery movie gets update
Popular crime series cancelled after five seasons
Lorraine Kelly reveals she’s having surgery
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.