Beyoncé is scheduled to perform during the halftime show of the NFL Christmas Day game between the Houston Texans and the Baltimore Ravens today (December 25, 2024).
The game is set to begin at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time (ET), which is 9:30 p.m. Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) in the UK. Halftime typically occurs approximately 90 minutes after kickoff, so viewers in the UK can expect Beyoncé's performance to start around 11:00 p.m. GMT.
UK fans can catch this exclusive event live on Netflix, marking the platform's inaugural foray into live NFL game streaming. To watch, ensure your Netflix subscription is active and log in ahead of the scheduled time. The game and halftime show will be available for live streaming, with replays accessible for a limited time post-event.
The performance is expected to rival those seen at halftime during the Super Bowl, with Netflix calling the event a "Cowboy Carter Christmas " - a reference to Beyonce's 2024 country album. The streaming giant has also confirmed Beyonce will be joined in Houston by "special guests who featured on the 'Cowboy Carter' album".
Beyonce has sold more than 200 million records worldwide since becoming a household name as part of pop group Destiny's Child more than two decades ago. The 43-year-old's hits include 'If I Were a Boy', 'Cuff It', 'Crazy in Love', and 'Drunk in Love'.
The singer has performed at a major NFL event before. She headlined Super Bowl XLVII in 2013 and was joined on stage by Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, her fellow Destiny's Child members. Three years later, she performed alongside Coldplay and Bruno Mars at Super Bowl XV. She also performed the national anthem at Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004.
"Last year, we decided to take a big bet on live - tapping into massive fandoms across comedy, reality TV, sports and more," said Netflix's chief content officer Bela Bajaria after the NFL confirmed Christmas Day games would be shown live on the platform. "There are no live annual events, sports or otherwise, that compare with the audiences NFL football attracts. We're so excited that the NFL's Christmas Day games will be only on Netflix."
Beyonce was hit with a major Super Bowl blunder during her 2013 performance. During the performance, over a decade ago, the event was brought to a sudden halt due to a blackout. The star was initially considered as a likely scapegoat since the electricity to power her routine had allegedly blown the electrics twice during rehearsals.
WFAN commentator Boomer Esiason said: "There was this like electrical buzz sound coming from the ceiling. This was after halftime, it was after Beyoncé. And by the way, Beyoncé blew the electric in the Superdome twice, I’m told, during her rehearsals during the week." However, officials from the Superdome insisted Beyoncé was not to blame. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said there was "no indication at all" that the outage was triggered by the performance.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.