Photo: Atlantic Records
Cardi B had plenty of people who doubted her rap career, but most of those haters were silenced after she released her major label debut. On April 6, 2018, the Bronx native released her debut album Invasion of Privacy via Atlantic Records. Led by the massive success of her single "Bodak Yellow," her first-ever studio LP contains 13 memorable tracks including "Drip" featuring Migos, "Be Careful," "Bartier Bardi" featuring 21 Savage, "Ring" with Kehlani and "I Like It" featuring Bad Bunny & J Balvin. The album also features contributions from Chance The Rapper, SZA, and YG. In honor of the 6th anniversary, Cardi reflected on her success and hyped up her next LP. 
"6 years ago I released my first album and it broke so many records GAH LEE!!" Cardi B said about her debut album. "6 years later I’m preparing to drop the next one this year.. it’s so different from what everyone is expecting and I’m sooo excited. Love you guys and thank you for the support! I’ll talk to ya soon I been so busy these last few days ❤️❤️"Her album arrived after she released two mixtapes Gangsta B*tch Music Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 during her time on VH1's "Love & Hip-Hop: New York." Once "Bodak Yellow" arrived, the single went on to break Lauryn Hill's record as the long-running song to sit at the top of the Billboard Hot 100. Her collaborations with Bruno Mars [“Finesse (Remix)"], G-Eazy [“No Limit"], Migos [“MotorSport"] also landed in the top 10 of the Hip-Hop/R&B charts while her collaboration with Ozuna ["La Modelo"] reached the top of the US Latin charts.Invasion of Privacy helped Bardi make HERstory. The album become the longest-charting album ever by a woman. She also become the first woman to have each track from her album reach gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album itself went triple platinum with "Bodak Yellow" becoming her first Diamond record. Her first LP also won Best Rap Album at the 61st Grammy Awards in 2019. In 2024, Cardi is set to finally deliver her sophomore LP featuring her latest songs "Like What" and "Enough (Miami)."Celebrate the album's by streaming Invasion of Privacy on iHeartRadio now! See what she had to say about her debut album when it dropped below. "The thing that I'm most proud of [from] my project is that I could show people that I could do different types of music," Bardi told iHeartRadio after her album dropped. "I felt like people [were] boxing me [in] and think that I could do like a certain type of sound. And I just wanted to show people that, no, I could do different things. And then on top of that, I'm proud that I could be a woman in my album, you know? A lot of people think that I'm just this girl with no feelings. I hate admitting it, but I do have feelings. I am a woman, at the end of the day. I do have emotions, and I'm glad that I could pour it out in my album, in my body of work."