Anderson .Paak is closing the door on his marriage.
The R&B musician and one-half of Silk Sonic with Bruno Mars has reportedly filed for divorce from his wife, Jaylyn Chang, better known as South Korean-American singer Jae Lin. According to TMZ, the couple got married in 2010, although it was previously believed that they hitched in 2011. Paak was married once before at 21 years old, although details about his previous spouse are not publicly known.
Paak also didn't specify a separation date, directly requesting a divorce from Chang, with whom he shares two sons, Soul Rasheed, 11, and Shine Paak, six. The Ventura artist is asking for joint legal and physical custody of their sons, while a plan regarding the former couple's assets and property is forthcoming.
Paak is set to star alongside Soul in his directorial debut dramatic comedy film K-Pops!, which was announced in 2022.
In a 2016 interview with The Breakfast Club, Paak explained that he and Chang met at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood, where he worked as a teaching assistant. The artist was also a drummer in the institute's gospel vocal class, a course that Chang was taking.
music | BY Joe Price
Anderson .Paak and Knxwledge Return as NxWorries in ‘Grand Theft Auto’ Video for "DayDreaming"
music | BY Mackenzie Cummings-Grady
Cordae Says He Has a Project Worth of Songs with Anderson .Paak Produced by J. Cole
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Cordae and Anderson .Paak Share New Track "Two Tens" Featuring Production by J. Cole
During a brief period of homelessness after Paak was released from his job at a marijuana farm, he was married to Chang and raising Soul, and the family temporarily stayed with friends, including members of group Sa-Ra.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.