Meet the director from Blackpool who's in charge of the Oscars this weekend.
Lancashire has given us some amazing talents over the years. We've had animator Nick Park and actors like Ian McKellen and John Mahoney. There are lots of famous people from Lancashire who you might know.
But it's not just actors, there are also famous people from Lancashire who work behind the camera too. This weekend (March 10), a director who was born in Blackpool will be making sure everything goes well at the 96th Oscars ceremony in Los Angeles.
READ MORE: Two of Greater Manchester's most exciting bands to support Noel Gallagher’s High Flying Birds at huge Wigan show
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
Hamish Hamilton was born in seaside town in 1966. He started his career at BBC Scotland, where he trained to become a producer and director at Stirling University, reports Lancs Live.
Then he moved back to the North West and continued his early success at BBC Manchester. He directed studio-based entertainment shows like The Sunday Show.
In February 2010, Hamish got his big chance in America. He got a top job on one of the biggest TV events in the world - the Super Bowl Halftime Show.
And he's been doing it ever since.
In the same year, he also started directing the Oscars. His first one was the 82nd Annual Academy Show.
But Hamish doesn't just direct award ceremonies, he's won a few awards himself. He was given the BAFTA Special Award at the British Academy Television Craft Awards in 2013.
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and, Breaking News group by clicking this link
Hamish has managed to land himself jobs in the TV world, but he's also had the chance to work with some of the biggest music stars. He has directed live concert DVDs for U2, Beyonce, Robbie Williams, Britney Spears, Madonna, Phil Collins and The Rolling Stones - and others too.
In our country, Hamish is also known for directing the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games events, which got him a nomination for an Emmy award. In 2020, he went over to Tokyo to direct the Summer Olympics there, as well as the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Speaking to CNN Business in 2014, before the Super Bowl where Bruno Mars and Red Hot Chilli Peppers were the halftime show, he said: "With the kind of stuff that I do, technology is amazing."
"But at the end of the day, stories are way more powerful. So, if you've got somebody on a stage crying because an award means so much to them, or an artist on stage singing an incredibly powerful song to an audience that's with them – sometimes you just need one shot, one light and an amazing performer."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.