The BoZone
If it's Happening, it's in the BoZone!
March 7, 2024 
Though soaking is often considered the main attraction at Chico Hot Springs, the local resort offers accommodations for overnight visitors and features regular entertainment in the Saloon. Check out the upcoming live music schedule.
Paradise Valley favorites The Fossils return with a pair of performances March 8th and 9th. Known around town for their authentic hippie music, the band guarantees a rockin’ good time. The members have been acquainted for years and are connected by their love of music.
Area rockers Bluebelly Junction deliver a special barn-burning performance on March 10th with start time TBD. The “rockabilly” group brings an arsenal of originals and personalized covers. The high-energy band tends to veer away from slow jams, other than the occasional tune.
Veterans of the local live music scene, Brandon Hale & the Dirty Shame are back at it on March 15th and 16th. The outlaw country band has been a staple of the Montana live music scene for decades, known for their cutting originals and unique spins on songs by the likes of Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings and Johnny Cash, among others. They released a new album aptly titled The Dirty Shame last summer.
Tsunami Funk bring back-to-back shows to the Saloon on March 22nd and 23rd. The Bozeman-favorite group always packs the dance floor with Funk/R&B-rocking grooves. They play tunes from artists like Stevie Wonder, Pharrell Williams, Bruno Mars, Red Hot Chili Peppers, James Brown, Earth Wind & Fire, Sly & the Family Stone, Kool & the Gang, Van Morrison, Steely Dan, Bob Marley, and many more!
Spend an evening with tribute group 710 Ashbury on March 29th and 30th. The Helena four-piece lays down all your classic Grateful Dead favorites with every spirited performance. Committed to preserving the legacy of the popular genre-skewing rock band, 710 features a talented group of veteran Montana musicians.
Live Saloon music begins at 9pm. Chico Hot Springs is located in Pray, 20 miles south of Livingston. For more information, visit www.chicohotsprings.com. •
Filed Under: Rolling Zone 
Copyright © 2025 · Bozone

Red Ants Line Up 

Click for Full 050125 PDF 

REPLAY 
Click for Winners!

Click for Winners! 
(o) 406.539.6730
info@bozone.com
Δ