The weekend is upon us once again, which means more talented hopefuls will be taking to the Britain’s Got Talent (BGT) stage trying impress the judges as series 17 continues.


  Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and Bruno Tonioli will be paying close attention to this week’s acts as they give it their all to be in with a chance of performing at the Royal Variety Performance.


  Plus, they will also be battling it out to receive a life-changing £250,000 prize.


  But can the audience at home expect any more golden buzzers? Ssaulabi Performance Troupe were the first to receive the gateway to the semi-finals by hosts Ant and Dec.


    *BGTeaser*
    We're stealing all these moves 👯‍♀️
    Watch dancing duo Abigail & Afronitaaa give a show-stopping performance in tomorrow's episode 👉 https://t.co/gHIhGpHy44#BGT returns this Saturday at 7:30pm on @ITV 1, @ITVX and @WeAreSTV. pic.twitter.com/Crljr3SpaV


  From pogo stick tricks to a rockstar magician and a choir of “Simon Cowells”, here’s what you can expect to see on BGT tonight (May 4), according to TV Zone:


Recommended reading:


  As usual, BGT will fill the Saturday night prime-time TV spot on ITV.


  Episode four airs from 7.30pm until 8.55pm on ITV1 and ITVX.


  It will follow on from In with a Shout hosted by Joel Dommett which begins at 6.30pm.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.