Weekend Events Friday, July 19 – 21, 2024 
Event Name: Riverstreet at the Arts Council
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 7 p.m.
Event Location: The Arts Council Smithgall Arts Center, 331 Spring St., Gainesville
Event Details: Fun music for all! Come rain or shine and bring your lawn chairs, picnic baskets and coolers. Gates open at 7 p.m. and the show starts at 8 p.m. The local group, Riverstreet, will have you dancing to classic rock sounds. Get tickets at the gate or in advance online at www.theartscouncil.net.
Event Name: Annual City of Cumming Music Festival
Event Date & Time: Friday, July 19 – Saturday, July 20
Event Location: Cumming Fairgrounds, Cumming
Event Details: There will be music all weekend long, as well as food trucks, PBR bull rides and more! Friday night is Nashville Night with a tribute to Luke Bryan and Morgan Wallen and other special guests. Gates open at 6 p.m. On Saturday, there will be an epid lineup with tributes to Fleetwood Mac, BeeGees, Eagles, Van Halen, Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars and more for an epic Battle of the Decades. Get tickets are more details at www.37main.com.
Event Name: GCLef & The Playlist
|Event Date & Time: Friday, July 19, 8 – 10 p.m.
Event Location: Cumming City Center, Cumming
Event Details: Free admission and free parking. No outside food, but friendly dogs on a leash are welcome! Bring a blank or lawn chairs. This powerhouse plays favorites from Motown to Maroon 5, from Hootie to Hip-Hop. The Playlist plays your favorite playlist.
Event Name: Allman Brothers Tribute Band
Event Date & Time: Friday, July 19, 7 p.m.
Event Location: StillFire Brewing, 343 US-23, Suwanee
Event Details: Classic rock that will transport you back to the best of Southern Rock. Groove to your favorite hits with great music. Open to the public.
Event Name: Fridays-N-Duluth
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 6- 9 p.m.
Event Location: Duluth Town Green & Parsons Alley, Duluth
Event Details: Friday nights during the summer are a ton of fun in Duluth! Enjoy live music, vendors, a kids zone, food trucks and more!
Event Name: Free Movie Night
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 7:30 p.m.
Event Location: Aurora Theater, 128 East Pike St., Lawrenceville
Event Details: In celebration of the upcoming season opener, The Color Purple Musical, you are invited to watch the 2023 movie The Color Purple. See the stunning film adaptation before the musical brings it to life on stage. For details, visit www.auroratheatre.com.
Event Name: Movies Under the Stars
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 7 – 10 p.m.
Event Location: Braselton Town Green, 9924 Davis St., Braselton
Event Details: Family friendly movies under the stars! Kung Fu Panda 4 will be showing. Bring your family, friends, pets and lawn chairs. Enjoy dinner at one of the nearby restaurants and concessions will be available starting at 7 p.m.
Event Name: Family Fun Hayride
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 10 a.m. – 3 p.m.
Event Location: Smithgall Woods State Park, 61 Tsalaki Tr., Helen
Event Details: Enjoy a guided hayride to Smithgall’s famous covered bridge while learning all about this beautiful park. Hayride is $5 (cash only) per person. Kids 12 and under are free. There is also a $5 parking pass.
Event Name: Christmas in July Market
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 12 – 4 p.m.
Event Location: The Collections, Peachtree Pkwy, Cumming
Event Details: Come see Santa in the middle of the summer when he is not so busy! There will be face painting, local artisan vendors, live music and giveaways.
Event Name: Christmas in July Benefitting Hall is Home for Kids
Event Date & Time: Saturday, July 20, 7 – 10 p.m.
Event Location: NoFo Brew Co., 434 High St., SW, Gainesville
Event Details: Enjoy a fun night out while making a difference. Hall is Home for Kids is a non-profit organization that serves the foster youth of Hall County. For $40 per person you will get two drink tickets, refreshments, games, prizes and surprise Christmas Shenanigans. Must be 21 and older to attend.