Strictly Come Dancing has offered a fresh update on Amy Dowden and it's been confirmed she'll be replaced this week so her celebrity dance partner JB Gill can continue in the competition.
The Welsh dancer was absent from Sunday night's (October 27) results show, which was filmed the evening before after the live broadcast on BBC One, which this week saw the Halloween week special take place on Saturday night (October 26).
Amy, 34, and JLS star JB, 37, glided their way to a score of 32 with their foxtrot to Dancing In The Moonlight by Toploader with Anton Du Beke telling the pair he thought they had given a "super duper performance"
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing fans say 'it's clear' as Shayne Ward observation causes concern
But, professional dancer Amy is said to have fallen ill following the live show and was attended by paramedics and taken away in an ambulance following the latest live show, resulting in her absence from the results programme alongside JB, where it was confirmed they'd mae it through to week seven of the hit dance contest.
Addressing Amy's absence, a BBC spokesperson said: "Due to unforeseen circumstances, Amy Dowden was unable to be in tonight’s results show."
A spokesman for Amy said: "Amy was feeling unwell and so an ambulance was called as a precaution. She is feeling much better and would like to thank the Strictly family for their love and concern. We request Amy's privacy in matters of health is kindly respected."
Now, it's been confirmed that Lauren Oakley will step in for Amy during rehearsals this week and during the next live show on Saturday night (November 2) where they'll perform a couple's choice routine to Bruno Mars for the brand new 'Icons Week'.
The news was confirmed during It Takes Two on Monday (October 28) when a Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson said: "Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well.
"She is delighted that fellow Professional Dancer, Lauren Oakley, is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday’s show for JB Gill’s Couple’s Choice dance. We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.