ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Rosé of K-pop girl group BLACKPINK smiles during an event to promote her film 'Born Pink', marking ... More the group's eighth anniversary, in Seoul on August 9, 2024. Blackpink singer Rosé joins BTS star Jung Kook as the only K-pop soloists to land a hit single on Billboard's Adult Pop Airplay chart. (Photo by ANTHONY WALLACE / AFP) (Photo by ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP via Getty Images)
Blackpink singer Rosé is on a roll with her new single “Apt.” The tune, which is a collaboration with Bruno Mars, was an immediate hit all around the world when it debuted only a few weeks ago. As the track continues to dominate the global rankings of the most-consumed music on the planet, the superstar manages a feat that puts her in very rare, and very notable, company.
“Apt.” debuts on the Adult Pop Airplay chart this week. Rosé’s single opens at No. 39—in second-to-last place—on Billboard’s list of the tracks being played on a format known as adult pop that reach the most people. Adult pop differs from regular, top 40 pop in that the songs that are put into rotation usually appeal to a slightly older crowd.
Rosé is now just the second K-pop soloist to reach the Adult Pop Airplay chart. It’s one of the Billboard rankings that very few Asian acts have managed to place a tune onto at any point, and “Apt.” is one of only a small number of tracks from these musicians to place anywhere on the tally.
“Apt.” makes Rosé just the second K-pop soloist to hit the radio roster. While she was born in New Zealand, the Blackpink star has made her name and built her career in South Korea, and she’s known as one of the most successful artists in the K-pop genre—even as she ventures beyond the style in search of mainstream success outside of just that country.
Rosé joins BTS singer Jung Kook as the only solo musicians known primarily for creating K-pop to hit the Adult Pop Airplay chart. He has collected a pair of wins, and he stands alone in that regard, at least among artists working on their own.
Jung Kook first landed on the Adult Pop Airplay ranking just last year, and he managed to collect his two hits just months apart from one another. “Seven,” his breakout smash with rapper Latto, debuted on the tally in July and rose to No. 19. Before the end of the year, he joined The Kid Laroi and Central Cee on “Too Much,” which worked its way to a peak of No. 22.
Rosé’s “Apt.” is just getting started on the Adult Pop Airplay chart, and as such, that’s the Billboard ranking where the tune sits lowest at the moment. It’s climbing the Pop Airplay list, and in its third frame on that competitive ranking, the tune pushes to a new high of No. 23. The smash is also present inside the top 10 on four other tallies in America, including the Streaming Songs and Digital Song Sales charts.