By
In a tweet, the R&B sensation Lucky Daye expressed frustration over the weekend about peer support within the genre. The Grammy-winning singer/songwriter asked why male R&B singers don’t support one another like females.
On Sunday (October 13), Daye tweeted: “I hate that female [artists] support each other way, way more than males. I’m fake sad. But I [want to] work [with] more guys who don’t get ego hurt. Think big!” 
I hate that female artist support each other way way more than males. I’m fake sad. But I wan work w more guys who don’t get ego hurt. Think big!
Based on his comments, fans suggested many potential collaborations, including Bryson Tiller and Daniel Caesar. It may surprise some, considering Daye’s well-documented collaborative nature.
According to one fan, “It’s definitely possible. You just have to collaborate with like-minded people in the same weight room as you. Anything outside of your rank will always be seen as ‘competition.’”
The contemporary R&B scene is thriving thanks to artists like Lucky Daye, Ty Dolla $ign, and Chris Brown. While rising stars such as Brent Faiyaz, SiR, and Fridayy are pushing R&B forward. 
Some of Daye’s fans felt Mario‘s new track, “Spaces,” borrowed from the sound that made him famous. In a space where egos can often get in the way of creativity, Daye’s words point to a broader issue in the industry: the need for more genuine collaboration and support among male artists.
Mario would respond to the Lucky Daye comparisons on social media. He told a radio host: 
“Like I said before, I think that because of the textures and the sound on the record, he’s been making more music like that than I have been lately. So I would say I can’t say it sounds like a Lucky Daye song. ‘Cause I don’t, I haven’t heard a record of his that sounds like that. The chord changes certain things. No, but I can say the texture of the world that it lives in. I can understand how people can relate it to that and I would say yeah, I understand. He’s the only one making music. Miguel was making music like this, but he was more so I would say him and Leon Thomas kind made similar music. But yeah, I don’t, I can’t think of anybody else that’s making … Bruno Mars.”  
Lucky Daye is fresh off his Algorithm tour, which supported the artist’s latest album. Among the collection of new music includes hit songs “HERicane,” “Soft,” “Blame,” and “Paralyzed.” Daye’s fourth album was released on RCA.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97