Getty Images
BLACKPINK‘s net worths will make you “Whistle”! We broke down how much money each of the K-pop members’ make, including which is the richest of the girl group.
The world’s biggest girl band, which includes Lisa, Jennie, Jisoo and Rosé, first debuted under YG Entertainment in 2016 with their single “Boombayah” and “Whistle.” Since then, they have become powerhouses in not just the K-pop world, but globally. They became the first group to headline Coachella, and have broken numerous records on the music charts.
Each member also have also gone on to debut super successful solo careers — in fact, in December 2023, it was revealed that the BLACKPINK members signed with individual labels for their solo activities, however, they will continue to promote as a group under YG Entertainment.
“We have successfully reached an agreement within our board of directors regarding the signing of exclusive group contracts for all four members of BLACKPINK, our esteemed artists,” YG wrote in a statement in December 2023. “In 2025, BLACKPINK plans to have a full group comeback and visit their fans on their world tour,” said YG, per TenAsia,
“Of course we’re continuing, for sure,” Lisa told Elle Magazine in August 2024. “We’re so proud of BLACKPINK, and I love BLACKPINK. It is not just because of our fans, it’s for ourselves,” adding, “there was no doubt. This is our life.”
Lisa became the first member to drop new music following their departure from YG with her single “Rockstar” in June, followed by “New Woman” featuring Rosalía one month later. The Thai singer also took home the award for Best K-pop at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards in September, and performed at the 2024 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show.
As for Jennie’s label Odd Atelier, the singer-rapper partnered with Columbia Records to release her single “Mantra” in October.
And while Jisoo has yet to announce any upcoming solo plans, Rosé released her hit song “APT” featuring Bruno Mars in October, announcing the news of her debut solo album Rosie in December.
So, how much money does each member of BLACKPINK have?  Scroll through our gallery below to uncover BLACKPINK girlies’ net worths:
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 4
Photo by Han Myung-Gu/WireImage
The oldest member of BLACKPINK is worth $20 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth.
2 of 4
Getty Images
Rosé’s net worth is approximately $20 million, per Celebrity Net Worth.
3 of 4
Jacopo Raule/Getty Images
According to Celebrity Net Worth, Jennie is also worth $20 million.
4 of 4
Getty Images
Lisa is the richest member of BLACKPINK at a solid $25 million net worth, according to Celebrity Net Worth.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved