H-Town, she’s coming down. 
Beyoncé will perform songs from “Cowboy Carter” during halftime of the NFL game between the Baltimore Ravens and the Houston Texans on Christmas Day at NRG Stadium in her Texas hometown.
Details about the “Drunk in Love” singer’s NFL performance are scarce; however, Netflix teased in a press release Sunday that it will include “some special guests who are featured” on her genre-bending country album, which had collaborations with Dolly Parton, Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, Shaboozey and more artists.
The halftime show will be co-produced by Beyoncé’s company, Parkwood Entertainment, and Jesse Collins Entertainment and will mark the first time she has performed songs from the project since its release in March.
Netflix is livestreaming the game on Wednesday, Dec. 25, at 4:30 p.m. ET.
The most nominated artist in Grammy history shared a promotional video for her performance on Instagram late Sunday.
In the clip, the “Cuff It” singer, 43, stood on the hood of a rose-covered car that had the horns of a Texas longhorn above its grill.
The license plate of the vehicle read, “BNCNTRY,” a nod to Beyoncé’s “Been Country” motto that hits back against her critics who say she is not country enough to join the music genre.
Queen Bey wore a red, white and blue leather mini dress and a white cowboy hat in the video as she caught a football while standing in front of a mic.
The post was set to the tune of her “Cowboy Carter” intro song, “Ameriican Requiem,” which calls out systemic racism and other social issues in the US.
“It’s a lotta chatter in here / But let me make myself clear (Oh) / Can you hear me?” she sang. “Can we stand?”
Beyoncé is no stranger to performing during major sporting events in the NFL. 
She headlined the 2013 Super Bowl XLVII halftime show in New Orleans, performing all her top hits, including “Crazy in Love,” “Baby Boy,” “Love on Top,” “Halo” and many more.
The Cécred founder also reunited with her fellow Destiny’s Child members, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, to perform “Bootylicious” and “Independent Women, Pt. 1.”
Beyoncé took center stage again during the halftime show of Super Bowl 50 in 2016 when she joined Coldplay and Bruno Mars on the field for one of the most-watched halftime shows of all time.
Advertisement