Strictly Come Dancing enthusiasts have commended Dianne Buswell for her support towards Chris McCausland after their most recent live show performance. The duo returned to the dance floor on Saturday night (November 2) as part of week seven in the landmark 20th-anniversary series of the BBC One dancing spectacle, which introduced 'Icons Week' for the first time.
This special week had the remaining 10 celebrity and professional pairings dance to tracks from legendary artists such as George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles, and Bruno Mars. Chris and his pro partner Dianne performed a tango to KISS's classic track Rock and Roll All Nite.
Their efforts received praise from presenter Tess Daly who said: "Listen to that applause Chris, I think Dave Arch enjoyed playing that as much as you enjoyed dancing it!" To which Chris humorously responded, "Well you know, dancing a tango on BBC, I can only imagine someone's got to dance a Fanta now just to balance it out! " For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter
Chris quickly made light of the situation by retorting: "Yeah, that was funnier in my head, shame this isn't pre-recorded innit?" Despite the comedic hiccup, the pair scored a respectable 29 points out of 40, with Chris rocking a Gene Simmons-inspired facepaint and a studded, mirrored black ensemble.
Dianne Buswell, while chatting to Claudia Winkleman, expressed her admiration for her dance partner Chris, stating: "The thing with Chris is, every week he comes here and I say, 'They're doing a tango' and he says, 'Oh, that's great! ' and then when it comes to it, he goes, 'What is the tango then? ' Every week is a new learning curve. He hasn't got any reference to look at any dance, ever!"
She then praised Chris directly, "Honestly, I take my hat off to you! You're so incredible," eliciting a warm response from Chris who echoed, "I take my hat off to you!"
Their mutual respect delighted fans on social media who shared their support. @StacyOnWheels tweeted their encouragement: "Well said Dianne, he has no frame of reference for any of the amazing dances he's doing! ! And he's doing amazing, and Dianne is a bloody good teacher! ! #strictly #StrictlyComeDancing."
Another fan, @see75, joined in the chorus of praise: "Dianne is SO right. Chris has got absolutely no reference to any dance whatsoever. He is pretty incredible. Loved that tango! #strictly #StrictlyComeDancing.", reports the Manchester Evening News.
Moreover, @strictlylmx highlighted the hard work involved: "I am so happy this point has finally been made. none of us will ever understand the sheer volume of hard work that goes into every step, every position, every movement. dianne is an absolute genius. this is what strictly is about. they are the best there has ever been #strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.