Strictly Come Dancing star Amy Dowden had a very sweet response to seeing her celebrity partner dance with another professional over the weekend.
JLS singer JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley scored the joint highest of this year’s series of Strictly Come Dancing, as Amy watched from the studio with tears in her eyes on Saturday night. The dancer, who is normally JB’s partner, missed last Sunday’s pre-recorded results programme after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell".
The Welsh Strictly professional was diagnosed with stage three breast cancer after finding a lump in her breast the day before her honeymoon last year. After a mastectomy and chemotherapy, Amy announced in February that she has "no evidence of disease" Lauren, 33, who does not have a partner for this year’s series, stood in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB for Icons Week, for a score of 39.
Taking to Instagram on Sunday night, as it was revealed Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin had been eliminated from the competition, JB shared a snap of himself and Lauren busting a move on the BBC dancefloor. The singer captioned the shot: "‘Put yo, pinky, fingers, to the, moooooon'
"Wow! What a weekend. I just want to say thank you to @lizzie.gough & @mrballchange for making my couples choice dance so special You guys allowed @laurenmayoakley and I to shine brightly for @amy_dowden and do everyone proud To my family and friends and EVERYONE supporting us and voting, you guys are the best and I’m SO HAPPY to continue this amazing journey, whatever challenges it throws at me! Still on cloud 9 and grateful to be through to another week."
Amy was one of the first to comment on JB's Instagram update. She penned underneath her partner's picture: "So proud thank you all for voting! But mostly so proud of you both and forever grateful! @jbgill @laurenmayoakley [love heart emojis] week 8 woooooohooooooolll."
Lauren and JB's performance was a hit with the judges on Saturday night, with judge Motsi Mabuse commenting: "I feel like you’ve just come out of your shell, and you’re like, ok, I’ve learned a few things that past weeks and everything has come together. I think everybody that dances commercial, hip hop, street dance feels represented, because you gave it the true essence with a swag, you know, bumping up low, keeping down there." Craig Revel Horwood added: "It wasn’t that good, there were two moments where the synchronicity was out. But my goodness, commercial is your thing. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant."
Before their performance Amy said she, Lauren and JB had been a "real dream team". Amy watched on in the audience on Saturday night, with Strictly viewers spotting tears in the 34-year-old's eyes. She watched with presenter Claudia Winkleman, wearing an all-black outfit and poppy and applauding the couples as they came up the stairs.
Turning to Amy, Claudia asked: "You three did this together this week, didn’t you?" Amyd replied: "Yes, it’s been a real dream team, even to the point where Lauren put in our chat, ‘J, do you want a coffee?’ To which I replied: ‘Yes, you’ll have a vanilla latte’." Amy also wished JB and Lauren "the absolute best of luck" earlier in the day on Instagram.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.