By 

	Michael Schneider

Variety Editor at Large

SPOILER ALERT: Details follow for Season 12, Episode 10 of “The Masked Singer,” “Quarter Finals: Merging of the Masks,” which aired Wednesday, December 4 on Fox.

	Sorry, Los Angeles Rams defensive tackle Kobie Turner just wasn’t quite Goo enough to move on to “The Masked Singer” semi-finals. Turner was unmasked on Wednesday’s episode as Goo, after narrowly losing out to Strawberry Shortcake.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Microdrama Plot Twist: A Threat to the Apps’ Stratospheric U.S. Growth		
			








	This repped the second time Goo was on the chopping block – he was saved during the Group B finales, when he was about to be eliminated in that round. This time, as the Season 12 Quarter Finals took place, he wasn’t so lucky.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	For Goo, Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg got it right with Kobie Turner. Robin Thicke went with another L.A. Ram, Aaron Donald. Ken Jeong said it was Shaquille O’Neal. Rita Ora thought  it was John Cena.

	Last time Goo was on the chopping block (before the clue that revealed he wasn’t a professional singer), Rita Ora guessed he was Anthony Hamilton, Ken Jeong named Brian McKnight, Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg chose Johnny Gill, and Robin Thicke thought it was Leon Bridges. 

	Wasp and Buffalo earned the top Quarter Final votes, immediately sending them on to the semi-finals. That led to a smackdown between Goo and Strawberry Shortcake for the third spot moving on. Goo sang “Hold On, I’m Comin’” by Sam & Dave, and Strawberry Shortcake sang “Scars To Your Beautiful” by Alessia Cara, and ultimately Strawberry Shortcake made it through while Goo was eliminated.

	“I was so moved by the chance to stick around in the competition,” Goo/Turner said in his package voiceover, before singing “Iris” by the aptly named Goo Goo Dolls. 

	“It’s been really meaningful to hear the panelists’ comments. Because, spoiler alert, I don’t do this for a living. I’ve always been a Goo with two dreams: Singing and what you might know me for in real life. And everyone said I couldn’t do both. But I never wavered. Being here has been the time of my life. A test drive of my other passion. And who knows what will come next. But standing here, one step from the semi-finals, especially with my fiancé by my side, has shown me and hopefully everyone that you can Goo both. And tonight, even under this mask, I hope everyone sees me for exactly who I am.”

	










	This now leaves Wasp, Strawberry Shortcake and the Buffalos to compete in next week’s semi-finals.

	Kobie Turner as Goo joins Jana Kramer as Royal Knight, Bronson Arroyo as Sherlock Hound, Drake Bell as Ice King, Bethany Hamilton as Macaron, Natalie Imbruglia as Bluebell, Laverne Cox as Chess Piece, Andy Richter as Dusty Bunny, Paula Cole as Ship, Marsai Martin as Woodpecker, Yvette Nicole Brown as Showbird and John Elway as Leaf Sheep as the celebrities unmasked on “The Masked Singer” Season 12.

	Back for Season 12 are host Nick Cannon, alongside panelists Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Robin Thicke, while Ora also returned to the desk for the second consecutive season to fill in for Nicole Scherzinger.

	“The Masked Singer” Season 12 themed episodes include tributes to Mattel’s Barbie as it hits its 65th anniversary, and the film “Footloose” as it marks its 40th anniversary. Miley Cyrus will also be honored with an episode devoted to her music catalog, while also new is a “Who Are You Fest,” featuring music from “memorable festival lineups,” as well as a “Sports Night” and a “60’s Night.” Tentpole themes that are back include “Soundtrack of My Life” and “Thanksgiving Night.”

	New this season, clues will be “strategically embedded in costumes, in song choices and on-stage moments.” And the fifteen celebrity contestants will be endorsed by a “celebrity Masked Ambassador,” made up of previous participants including Dick Van Dyke (Season 9’s Gnome), Jewel (Season 6 winner as the Queen of Hearts), Ne-yo (Season 10 winner as the Cow) and DeMarcus Ware (Season 11’s Koala). And the “Ding Dong Keep It On” bell is also back this morning, but only one singer across the three group finals can be saved.

	Season 12 features 15 contestants performing in new costumes including “Ship,” “Leaf Sheep,” “Woodpecker,” “Chess Piece,” “Bluebell,” “Buffalo,” “Showbird,” “Dust Bunny,” “Goo,” “Strawberry Shortcake,” “Wasp,” “Sherlock Hound,” “Royal Knight,” “Ice King” and “Macaron.”

	Here were performances on Wednesday’s Episode 10, “Quarter Finals: Merging of the Masks”:

Song: “Standing Next to You,” by Jungkook

	










Panel guesses: Mario, Usher, Maxwell

Telephone call clue: “Hey boss, it’s your best friend and cousin. You never cease to amaze me. You’re capable of so many things it’s ridiculous. From putting out hits to live theater, to starring in one of the biggest shows of the decade. You are truly a star. I know you have what it takes to win this thing.”

Wasp voiceover: “Making it this far in the competition, I really feel the love. A feeling that honestly set me on a ride of a lifetime. Growing up without a consistent definition of what true love looks like, I was left to rely on stories and the songs surrounding me. You know, the rom coms, the happily ever afters. And I lived life in the fast lane thinking that would be my destination. But love is different in real life. I’m not going to lie, I failed more than a few times. Taken a couple of wrong turns, facing a lot of dead ends. Even making a few U-turns. And totally should have been illegal. I used to think that even if I was stung by the lovebug, I didn’t even know if I would see the signs. But in this moment, I got somebody right alongside me. So we’ll see what the future holds. Maybe I’m on the right track. Right now, my foot is on another road ahead of me. Hopefully, one that leads me to the finale. And I’m taking a quick pit stop to win a few hearts tonight. Because it would mean everything to still be standing in the semi-finals.”

Previous songs: “Rock Your Body,” by Justin Timberlake; “Skyscraper,” by Demi Lovato; “Ain’t No Way,” by Aretha Franklin

Previous panel guesses: Taye Diggs, Bruno Mars, Jason Derulo, Miguel, Frank Ocean, Daveed Diggs, Mario, Craig David, Eric Benét

Song: “Iris,” by Goo Goo Dolls

Panel guesses: Aaron Donald, Kobie Turner, John Cena

Telephone call clue: “Hi Goo, it’s your fiancé. I know you’re in there. You melt my heart, Goo, and from the sound of it, you’ve melted America’s hearts too. I haven’t been this proud of you since the day you got that call that changed your life forever. Good luck, I love you.”

Goo voiceover: “I was so moved by the chance to stick around in the competition. It’s been really meaningful to hear the panelists’ comments. Because, spoiler alert, I don’t do this for a living. I’ve always been a Goo with two dreams: Singing and what you might know me for in real life. And everyone said I couldn’t do both. But I never wavered. Being here has been the time of my life. A test drive of my other passion. And who knows what will come next. But standing here, one step from the semi-finals, especially with my fiancé by my side, has shown me and hopefully everyone that you can Goo both. And tonight, even under this mask, I hope everyone sees me for exactly who I am.”

	










Previous songs: “Lose Control,” by Teddy Swims; “Miss Independent,” by Ne-Yo; “House of the Rising Sun,” by the Animals

Previous panel guesses: Jon Batiste, Shaboozey, Khalid, Al Green, Cee-lo Green, Kirk Franklin, Johnny Gill, Anthony Hamilton, Brian McKnight, Leon Bridges

Song: “Closer,” by Tegan and Sara

Panel guesses: Katy Perry, Haylie Duff, Danielle Haim

Telephone call clue: “Hey sis. You are absolutely crushing it, I’m so proud of you. It’s been so amazing to see you grow over the years and just get better all the time. I’m so proud and remember, I’m always with you no matter what. So go out there and show the world you’re capable of anything because I know you are. And me and your nephew are rooting for you.”

Strawberry Shortcake voiceover: “Making it to the Quarter Finals has been such a treat. But honestly, the fact that I’ve taken this time for myself is what’s most sweet. For my entire life, I’ve been part of a packaged bunch. Which I love. I’ve never really taken the chance to stand on my own. Until now. The Masked Singer came at the perfect time. My friends and family were on other exciting new adventures anyway. So I thought, why not? And with each round, I’ve been discovering my own inner ingredients. The sassy, the sweet, and the silly. And it’s really showing me what I’m capable of. I know my loved ones are so proud of me for boldly gracing this stage alone. That’s what’s pushing me to want to make it to the semi-finals. For them and me. So tonight, I’m showing a whole new side of myself. With hopes of getting one step closer to the golden Mask trophy. ”

Previous songs: “Slow Burn,” by Kacey Musgraves; “Wrecking Ball,” by Miley Cyrus; “I Hope You Dance,” by Lee Ann Womack

Previous panel guesses: Renee Rapp, Lana del Rey, Rachel Ziegler, Chloe Fineman, Hilary Duff, Ashley Tisdale, Kelsea Ballerini, Hailee Steinfeld, Selena Gomez

Song: “You’re Still the One,” by Shania Twain

Panel guesses: Temptations, Tony! Toni! Toné!, Blackstreet

Telephone call clue: “Hey Buffalos, it’s Babyface here. So you guys are just killing it. I’ve never seen you look better or more ridiculous. So keep it up and bring home the trophy.” (“We always wanted to work with this guy. And we finally got the chance to, and it changed our lives.”)

	










Buffalos voiceover: “We have been on a journey like no other three friends have ever been on. But that journey has taken a turn when we arrived on the Masked Singer. When we first put on our Buffalo masks, it didn’t hide us, but it opened us up to who we really are. More than friends and more than brothers. A bond beyond words. But something years ago happened to one of us that ruined the delicate blend that we created. Everything we did together was called off. We thought it was the end. And through a miracle and God’s grace, we overcame it and became even stronger. And now we do everything we do. Not for us but for the next generation. For we now know without family, we are nothing. After all this, these two buffalos are still the ones I want by my side. And if we get the chance to share a moment in the semi-finals, that would be something that we never forget.”

Previous songs: “(I Just) Died In Your Arms,” by Cutting Crew; “Waiting For a Girl Like You,” by Foreigner; “Bittersweet Symphony,” by The Verve

Previous panel guesses: B2K, Earth Wind and Fire, 98 Degrees, Bell Biv DeVoe, 112, Boyz II Men, Big Time Rush, Bone Thugs N Harmony, Black Eyed Peas

	Last season’s performers included Vanessa Hudgens, who won the Season 11 crown as Goldfish, beating out Scott Porter, who had performed as Gumball. Other performers included Thelma Houston (Clock), Chrissy Metz (Poodle Moth), Corey Feldman (Seal) and Clay Aiken/Ruben Studdard (Beets), Jenifer Lewis (Miss Cleocatra), Kate Flannery (Starfish), Charlie Wilson (Ugly Sweater), DeMarcus Ware (Koala), Colton Underwood (Love Bird), Sisqó (Lizard), Billy Bush (Sir Lion), Joe Bastianich (Spaghetti & Meatballs), Savannah Chrisley (Afghan Hound) and Kevin Hart (Book).

	“The Masked Singer” comes from Fox Alternative Entertainment. Rosie Seitchik, Craig Plestis and Cannon are executive producers, while Seitchik serves as showrunner. The series is based on the South Korean format created by Mun Hwa Broadcasting Corp.
The Business of Entertainment