By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:29, 10 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:58, 10 December 2024   
 15
View  comments
Miley Cyrus has added a new piece to her collection of stage costumes.
The 32-year-old singer-songwriter — who rose to fame as fictional character Hannah Montana — purchased the couture, silver, bugle-beaded strip dress designed by Bob Mackie, 84, in an auction.
Cyrus memorably wore the slinky number while performing her hit song Flowers at the 2024 Grammy Awards in February.
Mackie's creation was featured in the Julien's Auctions collection Hollywood Legends: Unmistakably Mackie, which highlights the legendary fashion icon's most storied looks.
Miley said about the purchase in a press release: 'This dress represents more than a performance — it’s a celebration of the relationship between music, artistry and glamour.
'This performance was a pivotal moment in my life and to have Bob Mackie’s support in securing it means the world to me.'
Miley Cyrus has added a new piece to her collection of stage costumes with the purchase of the couture, silver, bugle-beaded strip dress she wore during her 2024 Grammys performance
The couture, silver, bugle-beaded strip dress was designed by Bob Mackie; pictured December 4
Last February the music artist electrified the Grammys stage as she delivered a rendition of her catchy tune — which she was accused of plagiarizing from Bruno Mars. 
The song quickly climbed to the top of the charts after its January 2023 release.
It went on to earn the songstress her first Grammy, which she won in the Record Of The Year category.
The dress is from Mackie’s FW2002 To Broadway With Love collection and was styled on Cyrus by Bradley Kenneth.
Following the hitmaker's performance nearly on year ago, Bradley praised Mackie in an Instagram post.
Sharing outtakes from the show, he wrote in a caption, 'Thank you @bobmackie for always allowing us into your archives, you’re an icon and a genius!'
Discussing the preparation for her performance with Harper's BAZAAR in November, Miley said she met with Bob in Palm Springs.
'Honestly, we don't tell Bob what I'm going to wear; Bob tells me,' she said of the meeting. 'Bob doesn't just tell me where I'm going to wear it, he tells me how they're going to shoot it.'
'He created the dress from all angles, so he will tell you what angle the dress wants to be shot from,' she explained. 
Some of the proceeds from the sale of the dress will go to MusicCares, the nonprofit that supports artists in need. 
A post shared by Bob Mackie (@bobmackie)
A post shared by Harper’s BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus)
Cher wearing a famous Bob Mackie design alongside photographer Richard Avedon in 1974
'Really, for Bob, the thing that you can see through him is that the artist comes first,' the former child star reflected.
'The woman in the gown comes first and that, to me, is just a love letter,' she gushed.
In an Instagram post on Monday, the official Bob Mackie account announced Miley's purchase of the design.
The caption read, '@mileycyrus has purchased the dress she wore during her iconic performance at 66th Annual Grammy Awards 2024. Proceeds will be donated to MusiCares.'
The note continued with a quite from Bob — 'As the designer of this dress, I couldn’t imagine it on anyone else. That girl was born to perform!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group