Fans of BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing have been left ‘destroyed’ after the results for Icon Week were leaked online ahead of Sunday’s (November 3) results show.


  Newsquest will not reveal the details of which two celebrities found themselves in the bottom two since these results have not been verified (and to not spoil tonight's programme).


  Marking the first-ever Icons week, each celebrity danced to a song from an ‘icon’ including Taylor Swift’s Love Story (Taylor’s Version), Help! by The Beatles, Madonna’s Like a Pray and Faith by Georg Michael.


  This week there was a draw for top place with both JB and Tasha scoring 39 for their dances.


  Tasha and Aljaž danced the couple's choice to What About Us by P!nk and earned them three 10 and one nine for Craig Revel Horwood.


  JB, who was partnered with Lauren Oakley after Amy Dowden was forced to miss a week as she recovered from a medical incident.


  Together, dancing to a Bruno Mars Medley with their couple's choice, the pair also got 39 with three 10 and one nine also from Horwood.


  The results show for Strictly was filmed on the same night as the live show but was aired on BBC One the following night.


  However, that means that everyone in the crowd knows which celebrity is eliminated the day before the rest of the UK, which can mean spoiler leaks.


  This week also saw a spoiler leak with the name of the celebrity leaving the show leaked online and leaving many Strictly fans devastated by the exit.


  Sharing on social media, one fan said: “Actually so annoyed at this??? neither of the couples in the dance-off deserved to be there.”


  Another added: “WOW! This one has made me really sad” while another fan shared a similar surprise: “Wow I didn’t see this one coming at all.”


RECOMMENDED READING


Chris McCausland reveals the offer from Strictly bosses he refused


Strictly fans say not giving Lauren Oakley partner bad decision


Strictly's Chris McCausland hits back at Lord Alan Sugar over 'gimmick' comment


  However, others were not too surprised: “Not really shocked by the result, but I don’t think the right people were in the bottom two at all.”


  So far the celebrities eliminated from Strictly Come Dancing 2024 are:


You can watch the Strictly Come Dancing results show tonight (Sunday, November 3) on BBC One and BBC iPlayer at 7.20pm.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.