Strictly Come Dancing fans were left questioning another change just minutes into the latest live episode. The hit BBC One dance contest returned to screens on Saturday night (November 2).
Following last weekend's Halloween special, Strictly hit viewers with another themed week. It was the first-ever Icons Week as week seven of the popular dance competition took place.
It saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the ballroom floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band with George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars among them.
READ MORE: Four BBC Strictly Come Dancing stars 'at risk' named amid first Icons Week
The new theme was introduced to celebrate Strictly's 20th anniversary, having first hit screens back in 2004. Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman opened the live show as usual before welcoming the judges to their seats.
And Strictly fans were left with their jaws on the floor as they portrayed Barry Gibb, Tina Tuner, Cher and Rod Stewart. But attention soon turned to the couples as they were introduced to the dance floor channelling their new famous alter-egos.
But it was moments before the show really got underway that Strictly viewers became distracted as they noticed what they thought was another change to the usual intro after Tess and Claudia's usual entrance axed at the start of the 2024 run, as was the couples' entrance to the classic theme tune.
@kevlaa132 asked: "Why the condensed version of the intro tonight? #Strictly." @edgarandrewpoe joked: "Why are they speeding through the intro? Does the announcer have a train to catch afterwards? #strictly."@roscoeleebarnes posted: "They've even sped up the titles for the Saturday show now. Why #Strictly." @StrictlyTweeter added: "Wow! Short opening titles tonight. That was this ITT version! #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.