Manage your account
If you're looking into Libra and Capricorn's compatibility, know that the two signs process the world a bit differently.
Libra is extroverted and guided by emotions, while Capricorn is more introverted and logical, so you might think they wouldn't mesh well.
In actuality, this earth and air sign have more in common than meets the eye. Both signs are interested in their future, and both are great at sticking to their commitments regarding their long-term plans.
When it comes to emotional reliability, these signs cannot be matched. Libras and Capricorns crave balance in their lives, and stability is critical for each, making them an exciting pair once they recognize that their end game is the same despite having very different methods to get there.
Dates: Sept. 23 to Oct. 22
Element: Air
Modality: Cardinal
Planetary ruler: Venus
Represented by: The scales
Famous Libras: Kim Kardashian, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Naomi Osaka, Bella Hadid, Serena Williams, Gwyneth Paltrow, Cardi B, Doja Cat, Jenna Ortega, Bruno Mars, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Hillary Duff, Donald Glover
Dates: Dec. 22 to Jan. 20
Element: Earth
Modality: Mutable
Planetary ruler: Saturn
Represented by: The sea goat
Famous Capricorns: Dolly Parton, John Legend, Bradley Cooper, Jim Carrey, Denzel Washington, Diane Keaton, LeBron James, Michelle Obama, Jared Leto, Zooey Deschanel, Elvis Presley, Diane Keaton, Tiger Woods, Ricky Martin, Betty White
Libras are known for their calm and peaceful demeanors. They gravitate toward long-term relationships, choosing to work through issues and use differences as catalysts to grow. Libras use their significant others, friends and colleagues as lighthouses, helping them navigate their days. Libras will become experts in their loved ones, making them feel special and heard. Libras find happiness in making other people happy.
Good luck finding a harder working, true blue companion than a Capricorn. This sign is highly loyal, but careful with who they decide to choose as a companion. They set high goals for themselves and usually attain them through sheer determination, encouraging those in their lives to follow their example. They can sometimes be judgmental in the name of self-preservation, but they respond well to consistency and stability, which they strive to provide. Although Capricorn can be stubborn, once you’ve gotten them to open up, they will have much more tolerance for hearing you out.
Venus-ruled Libra tends to bring out the more innocent side of intellectual earth sign Capricorn once they get to know each other well. Where Libra sometimes lacks personal drive and might be indecisive, Capricorn can be an excellent influence. Loyalty is essential to both, and they never stop proving that in any setting.
This bond is not formed overnight or quickly; it takes time and effort to earn one another’s trust. But time and effort are a currency, and they will be appreciated on both ends. The strength of this bond, once vulnerability is achieved, is strong. They may have a lot of frivolous arguments, but when it comes down to the real stuff, they will always show up for one another.
If these two form an emotional connection, things can move fast. These signs are marriage-minded, so right from the beginning, they may be discussing their desires for the future and diving right into it. They may seem to be rushing into things from the outside, but once they find their rhythm, they are not stopping. Please show your support or get out of their way because when these two decide to take the trust fall, nothing can get in their way.
This couple is liable to surprise people in the way that they stand the test of time. Despite whatever obstacles, they will likely continue to wake up and choose one another every day. They don’t just commit themselves to the good times but also the bad, so they are typically the duo that can weather any storm. Because these signs refuse to give up on their goals, as long as those goals include one another, they will persevere.
In a professional setting, it may be difficult for these two to find common ground. Both self-starters, their attention is often focused in different directions. Capricorn often struggles with compromise regarding career due to how determined they are to reach goals their way, and Libra may not give Capricorn the time they need to open up about other ideas. Patience or an emotional bond is required for harmony in the workplace. If Libra can get Capricorn to trust them, there is nothing they cannot accomplish together.
For Libra and Capricorn, long-term relationships come fairly naturally. Libra loves to be in love and Capricorns love to commit themselves to people or projects.
When calibrated correctly, theirs will be a union of interesting opposites — Libra bringing the charm and Capricorn pouring on the ambition. The two have to realize that the others' individual strengths are the relationship's strength. They do not need to be the same, but rather accept that the other person balances them out.
Libra and Capricorn often have different priorities in life. Libra wants the world to look beautiful; Capricorn wants it to run efficiently. That dichotomy might also apply to their relationship. Libra will want to talk about emotions and aesthetics more than Capricorn, who wants to move forward.
They may also struggle on the communication front. Libra prides itself on diplomacy and the ability to couch difficult statements kindly. Capricorn is far more blunt and would rather deal with the problem head-on.
Sting (Libra) and Trudie Styler (Capricorn)
Denzel Washington (Capricorn) and Pauletta Washington (Libra)
Lenny Bruce (Libra) and Faye Dunaway (Capricorn)
This article was originally published on TODAY.com