A sarcastic 'thank you' was shared by some Strictly Come Dancing fans after Claudia Winkleman delivered a piece of 'crazy' news to JB Gill.
The JLS star was confirmed to have made it through to week eight of the BBC One dance contest during the latest results show on Sunday night (November 3) after he faced a tricky week of training as not only was he learning a new routine but he also had a new partner.
Amy Dowden wasn't able to rehearse with JB this week and therefore didn't before during the latest live show on Saturday night (November 2) after she fell ill following the previous weekend's Halloween special, forcing her to miss the results show that is pre-recorded following the main show.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing star admits 'sobbing like a baby' during latest live show in emotional admission
Lauren Oakley, who does not have a celebrity pairing on this year's series of the hit dance competition, instead stepped in to rehearse with JB before joining him to perform the live couple's choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley during Strictly's first-ever 'Icons Week'.
Amy joined them live in the studio and was later seen fighting tears while praising JB and Lauren's performance, which saw the singer and presenter bag his first 10s of the series, with the judges awarding him and Lauren 39 out of a possible 40 points.
It was then confirmed that JB, with the help of Lauren, had secured his place in the next week of Strictly's 2024 series and as he headed to the Claudatorium, co-host Claudia Winkleman told him: "I have some good news for you. I don't know how competitive you are with your band, you have officially now beaten Aston [Merrygold]. Well done!"
JB cheered before saying: "Ok, I'll take that. We are very competitive... Obviously I'm still sad that he went out when he did but I'm very happy that I'm through and I've beaten him!" As he laughed, Claudia remarked: "And I believed you when you said that so well done," before she moved on to the next couple.
In 2017, Aston made a shock early exit from Strictly after being tipped to win alongside professional partner Janette Manrara. But the reminder about his limited time in the ballroom was still a sore subject for JLS fans.
@roscoeleebarnes said: "The fact JB has now beaten Aston is crazy #Strictly." @WhoPotterVian commented: "Thank you, Strictly, for reminding us of the traumatic time Aston Merrigold was kicked out way too soon. #Strictly." @lushattic wrote: "Lest we forget Aston was utterly robbed. It was the worst travesty in the history of #strictly."
@ultimatesugg posted: "Not claudia giving wa rflashbacks to the fandom mentioning aston's elimination #Strictly." @abby_dixonn added: "ASTON SHOULD NEVER HAVE GONE AT THIS POINT IN THIS COMPETITION #Strictly i remember shirley!!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.