A British schoolgirl has been handed a record deal with a major international label after impressing bosses with a cover she posted on social media.
Astrid Smith, 14, has signed a five-track deal with BMG - which also represents the likes of Bruno Mars and Tina Turner. The label confirmed Astrid - known professionally as Astrid Allegrah - is now the youngest artist they represent.
Astrid, from Southport on Merseyside, was spotted after a video of doing a version of Radiohead's Creep racked up more than three million views.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE...just click here to give it a go.
The secondary school pupil said: "I've been doing it a while and to finally get such a big opportunity while very young is quite crazy. My family have always been very supportive - I've been influenced by my family and have grown up in a house full of music.
“BMG reached out in about June last year and we finally started getting into the recording studio in about September. It was very overwhelming, and I couldn't believe it really.”
Astrid has been supported on her journey by her family, including mum Amanda Smith, 53, and dad Greg Smith, 53. Amanda, a tutor, said: “It’s unbelievable really - I couldn't believe it when BMG contacted us.
"I didn’t think they would give her a chance because of her age. But I think now we’re in the age of social media and people go viral all the time irrespective of their age, things have changed now.
“It’s a fab opportunity for her. If it doesn't go any further than one EP at least she has that under her belt to help her in the future.”
Astrid found her voice at just five, when she would visit her grandma’s house and sing along to her jazz records. Her love for jazz saw her be selected for Team Will on The Voice Kids, where she sang the Billie Holiday classic God Bless The Child.
At nine, the budding star began writing her own music and went viral on the Instagram account run by Amanda singing her own song, The Little Jazz Singer.
Amanda kept posting Astrid’s singing online, and at the start of 2023 her cover of hit Creep by Radiohead racked up millions of views.
And in June BMG reached out – offering Astrid a five-track EP deal, which they started recording in September. She's already recorded her EP, which was released on Friday.
“I’ve only ever written by myself so to be able to write with somebody else [in the recording studio] and get the experience of working with someone else was very cool" Astrid said.
“I've got a very supportive fanbase, there’s a fan group with over 1,000 people in it and they talk about my music, it’s mostly supportive comments from really good fans.
“There are some negative opinions, but I don't take them into account - school can be difficult with the comments I receive, some people are supportive, some are not.
“Whatever I do I want it to be music based - hopefully this will do well, and something will come from it, but in the future I want to at least be involved in music.”
Amanda said: “She’s been up and down to record songs for the EP and back and forward to the recording studio and events she’s singing at – I'm a bit like her manager really.
“Mostly because she’s been doing the EP we try to make time for her to sing at nursing homes for the elderly and she also has busked quite a bit. I'm absolutely ecstatic that she has been given such a major platform at such a young age.
"I'm incredibly proud of everything she's achieved - whatever happens we are just so incredibly proud of her as a family."
Scott Doran, BMG senior vice president, said: "We’re incredibly excited to be working with Astrid Allegrah. For someone this young to be so driven, with her voice and talent is inspiring.
"Astrid is signed to our At The Studios label which has a focus on connecting new talent with the adverting, film and TV industry."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.