Aston Merrygold has spoken out about his JLS bandmate JB Gill and admits he wants him to show "more personality" on Strictly Come Dancing. Having competed on the BBC dance show himself with professional dancer Janette Manrara in 2017, the singer has offered his advice.
Appearing on Lorraine this morning, the 36-year-old opened up on his own Strictly experience and his elimination from the show, Aston told show host Ranvir Singh: "I mean it was a bit of a flash and I didn't know what was going on. When you're standing there and getting the comments, you are just thinking 'I'm not listening, I'm just trying to catch my breath."
At the time, judge Shirley Ballas told the former JLS singer: "you're a brilliant dancer but that wasn't ballroom'. So you sort of got sent home for breaking the rules."
Reflecting on the night he told Ranvir: "It's a different skill set and I remember Janette saying to me in the rehearsal room 'I wish you were not dancing before this because it is a lot harder to pull you back from what you're so used to and how your body moves.'"
Discussing JB's ongoing stint on the dance show, Aston said: "I think JB is doing amazing, he should just continue what he's doing. I think for J now, he just needs to bring out the personality a bit more. I think we've just scratched the surface of JB and what he can actually do so I'm looking forward to these next few weeks.
"In that show, everyone goes into it - whether you're a performer or not - no one is a Ballroom and Latin dancer so JB can go 'Okay, I can have some fun with this'."
JB is currently partnered with Amy Dowden on Strictly, who returned to the show after taking time out for breast cancer treatment last year. It was revealed on Sunday morning that Amy was rushed to hospital after she collapsed during Saturday's show. A spokesperson for the dancer confirmed to BBC news: "Amy was feeling unwell and so an ambulance was called as a precaution.
For this Saturday's Icon Week dance, Lauren Oakley will be replacing Amy and dancing with JB. The pair will perform their Couple’s Choice to Bruno Mars Medley by Bruno Mars.
Acknowledging the sudden change in partners, Aston said: "I think having to switch partners at the last minute, that whole thing is obviously gonna play a massive part and pressure so I'm sending lots of love to Amy as well."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.