From glittery eyeshadows to plumping lip gloss, channel your inner Bratz doll with ColourPop's latest makeup collab. 

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	You don’t need to be in Brat summer to embrace your inner Bratz doll — ColourPop’s Bratz collaboration is out now.

	Inspired by the four Girls Nite Out Bratz dolls — Yasmin, Cloe, Jade and Sasha — the Bratz x ColourPop collection features glittery, blinged lip gloss and lip plumpers, and eyeshadows packed with hot pinks, bright purples, silvery blues and other Y2K-inspired hues available in glittery, matte and sparkly finishes to channel your favorite Bratz doll.

	“Recreate the looks of Yasmin, Cloe, Jade, and Sasha with this collection of pinks, purples, and 2000s-inspired hues complete with duochrome finishes, pearl glitters, and some serious Bratz bling!” reads a message on the ColourPop Instagram account. The makeup brand announced the Bratz collab on Monday.




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	With Halloween right around the corner, the Bratz x ColourPop collection is a must-have to complete your DIY Bratz costume. Plus the collection is perfectly suitable for a night out on the town — and it’s affordable, with the entire collection priced from $10 to $26 each and $124 for the full collection.

	










	Created by Carter Bryant, a former Mattel employee, Bratz dolls made their debut in 2001 and became a hit among doll lovers. Offering an alternative to Barbie, Bratz dolls have amassed a cult following and have paid homage to recording stars such as Megan Thee Stallion, Aaliyah, Sabrina Carpenter, Doja Cat, Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars and more.

	What’s included in the collection? The Girls Nite Out Eyeshadow Palette ($26) comes with 15 show-stopping shades such as She’s Iconic (baby pink with silvery blue duo with a chrome finish), Dump Him! (matte mauve), Livin’ It Up (bright purple with silvery blue duo chrome finish), Passion 4 Fashion (metallic white) and 2Nite’s the Nite (true black).

	According to ColourPop, Girls Night Out is “perfect for creating endless Bratz looks from frosty blue eyes to soft glam to smokey eyes”

	Besides a dazzling eyeshadow palette, the Bratz x ColourPop collab features BBF Liquid Liner ($10), So Juicy Plumping Lip Gloss ($20), Glitterally Obsessed Glitter Gel ($10), individual face crystals ($10) and four Lippie Kits ($14).

	The Lippie Kits comes with a Lippie Pencil and Lippie Stix in four shades, including Angel, a bronzy chocolate lip combo inspired by Chloe; a red wine lip combo inspired by Jade; a plumlike brown lip combo that’ll help you channel Yasmin; and a pink lip combo inspired by Sasha.

The Bratz x ColourPop collection dropped on Oct. 10 at 10 a.m. PT exclusively at ColourPop.com.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.