Seven years after delivering “The Cure,” Lady Gaga is finally diagnosing the “Disease.”
					Related		
					Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter Serve Surprise Mix of ‘Espresso,’ ‘Is It Over Now?’ & ‘Please…		
	10/27/2024	

	After some sly teases through a Spotify playlist and a pair of custom websites, Gaga finally confirmed the single’s release date via Instagram on Monday (Oct. 21). In the post, the Grammy and Oscar winner shared the single’s cover art, which finds her posing face-down on the hood of a white car with the song’s title written upside down in street paint. The following day (Oct. 22), she shared a brief teaser of what appears to be song’s official music video, soundtracked by haunting piano keys. “I could play the doctor/ I can cure your disease/ If you were a sinner/ I could make you believe,” she croons in the chorus of the lead single for her eighth solo studio album.

	Gaga has been very musically active in 2024. In August, she teamed up with Bruno Mars for the rousing ballad “Die With A Smile,” which has peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and spent eight weeks atop the Billboard Global 200. The following month, the pop icon launched Harlequin, a companion soundtrack album for Joker: Folie à Deux, in which she stars alongside Oscar winner Joaquin Phoenix as Harley Quinn. Featuring Gaga-fied versions of a slew of jazz and musical theater standards including “That’s Entertainment” and “Oh, When the Saints,” Harlequin debuted atop Jazz Albums, becoming Gaga’s third No. 1 entry on the ranking. Harlequin also includes one original cut: the BloodPop-produced “Happy Mistake.”

	It’s been four years since Gaga debuted atop the Billboard 200 with Chromatica, her last solo studio album, which featuring the Grammy-winning Billboard Hot 100 chart-topper “Rain On Me” (with Ariana Grande). Mother Monster boasts six Billboard 200 No. 1 albums and five Hot 100 No. 1 singles, including 2009’s “Poker Face” (one week), 2011’s “Born This Way” (six weeks) and 2018’s Bradley Cooper-assisted “Shallow” (one week).

	Stream “Disease” now.
STREAM THE RIVER!