A petition for divorce has been submitted by American rapper Anderson .Paak to Jae Lin, his wife of more than ten years.
The hitmaker, whose birth name was Brandon Paak Anderson, and Jae Lin, with birth name Jaylyn Chang, tied the knot in 2011 and went on to have two sons: 13-year-old Soul and 6-year-old Shine.
The artist, who collaborates with Bruno Mars, reportedly filed for a dissolution of marriage on Friday, Jan. 12, according to TMZ. Apparently, he left the space for the date of separation blank and just wrote "TBD" on his paperwork.
Nonetheless, Anderson did state his intention for Chang and himself to have shared custody of their boys, both legally and physically. He is also keen on arranging regular visits with their kids.
Anderson and his legal team still divide property and assets from the couple's divorce.
See Also :
Backstreet Boys' AJ McLean, Wife Rochelle Announces Divorce After 12 Years of Marriage
Anderson and Chang crossed paths when he was an aide to a music instructor at the same school they were attending, according to Daily Mail. Before their involvement, Anderson wed a woman he met at church when he was younger, but their marriage was brief.
When being open about his rocky marriage to Chang, Anderson continued to disclose that they were homeless for a while when he lost his job on a marijuana farm. The birth of their first son, Soul, was also something that the couple had to cope with, he added.
Despite the fact that they were often compelled to engage in activities like squatting or sofa-surfing, Anderson's wife stood by his side throughout the whole ordeal. "She's the one who came from Korea, didn't speak [any] English, she's [the one who has] the balls," he said.
While he is busy with his divorce proceedings, Anderson also has his eyes set on making his directorial debut, K-Pops!, which will include his oldest son. The singer's description of the "funnier aspects of the experience" of growing up biracial served as inspiration for the piece. His ethnicity is mixed Black and Korean.
Meanwhile, the artist gave an interview to Hypebeast in which he discussed the reasons for his decision to cast Soul in the upcoming feature. "I wanted to write a movie that would explore that dynamic and those familial relationships. And also, I get to sneak in quality time with my son while shooting," he stated. The movie does not yet have a release date.+
See Also :
Lil Nas X New Song' J Christ' Sparks Outrage, Accusations of 'Mocking Jesus'