May 3, 2025
Taylor Tomlinson Photo by:
                    


        
            
                Courtesy
            
        



                    By
                    
                        
Brock Radke
                                
                                    
                                
                            

                        
                            (contact)
                        
                        
                    
                
Wednesday, Feb. 21, 2024 | 2 a.m.
Surging star Taylor Tomlinson, who just recently joined the late-night talk show circuit with “After Midnight” on CBS, is set to return to the stage at Encore Theater at Wynn Las Vegas for four performances this year. Tomlinson will bring new stand-up to the Strip on April 19-20 and June 7-8, with tickets available Friday at ticketmaster.com.
Here are more Vegas entertainment announcements from the past week: the one and only Ms. Lauryn Hill brings The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill 25th Anniversary Show to Dolby Live at Park MGM on April 6; rebellious country artist Elle King returns to the Westgate International Theater on May 17-18; Bruno Mars has once again extended his residency at Dolby Live, adding a dozen dates to his 2024 schedule starting June 7-8 and continuing through Sept. 1; the legendary George Clinton & Parliament Funkadelic will play the Pearl Concert Theater on June 7; former Strip resident headliner Jennifer Lopez will be back in Vegas during her new This Is Me…Now The Tour romp, performing at T-Mobile Arena on July 20; Rock & Roll Hall of Famer Don Felder will return to the Westgate International Theater on July 27; and record-breaking Latin artist Peso Pluma touches down at T-Mobile Arena on Sept. 12.
By the way, Bruno Mars has doubled down on Las Vegas with his new Pinky Ring lounge at Bellagio, which was unveiled over Super Bowl weekend. Among the celebrity friends in attendance: Janelle Monáe, Babyface, T-Pain, Victoria Monét, Gayle King, Wilmer Valderrama and Karrueche Tran, with Monáe, Babyface, Monét and others joining Mars and his band The Hooligans onstage to perform a selection of the pop star’s hits. The Pinky Ring officially opened on Feb. 12 and it’s open in the central Bellagio casino for cocktails and entertainment Sunday through Thursday from 5 p.m. until 2 a.m., and Friday and Saturday from 5 p.m. until 3 a.m.
The Conjurors, a new show fusing magic, mind-reading and storytelling, opens this week at the Venue at the Orleans. Entertainers Matthew Pomeroy and Natasha Lamb star in the show, opening on Feb. 24 and set to take the stage Thursday through Tuesday at 6 p.m. Tickets start at $39 and can be purchased at theconjurors.co.uk.
The iconic Blue Man Group is changing up its show at Luxor. On March 6, the long-running production is retiring the classic act known as “The Feast,” wherein an audience member participates in a special dining experience onstage — a segment that also required the “poncho seating” portion of the audience. Yes, it tends to get messy. With that act’s exit, something new will be introduced into the show starting on March 7 that also includes audience participation. Tickets for the show, performing nightly at 5 and 8 p.m., are available at blueman.com.
Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism
Follow us:
© Las Vegas Sun, 2025, All Rights Reserved
© Las Vegas Sun Mobile