The BoZone
If it's Happening, it's in the BoZone!
September 6, 2024 
With the fall feeling settling into Southwest Montana, many of us are looking forward to sweater season. Plan a weekend trip to Chico Hot Springs for a chance to soak the joints, feast on some delicious grub and enjoy live music in the Saloon. Here’s what’s coming up this month.
First up on September 6th and 7th, The MAX return to Chico. The three-piece band from the Livingston area has entertained and delighted audiences across the country for decades. Featuring Kyle Brenner (guitar, vocals), Bobb Clanton (bass guitar, vocals) and Ethan Decker (drums), this “power pop party rock” trio from the Rockies puts out a massive sound for just three guys and has an incredible knack for pulling off spot-on covers of tunes young and old.
The MAX
Gallatin Valley tribute group 710 Ashbury follow with a pair of shows on Sept. 13th and 14th. The Helena four-piece lays down all your classic Grateful Dead favorites with every spirited performance. Committed to preserving the legacy of the popular genre-skewing rock band, 710 features a talented group of veteran Montana musicians.
Local rockstars Tsunami Funk deliver on Sept. 20th and 21st. The Bozeman-favorite group always packs the dance floor with Funk/R&B-rocking grooves. They play tunes from artists like Stevie Wonder, Pharrell Williams, Bruno Mars, Red Hot Chili Peppers, James Brown, Earth Wind & Fire, Sly & the Family Stone, Kool & the Gang, Van Morrison, Steely Dan, Bob Marley and more.
The following weekend features the return of Justin Case Band, performing September 27th and 28th. The ‘70s to ‘90s rock band covers tunes ranging from the Allman Brothers and Three Dog Night, to Stone Temple Pilots and Pearl Jam.
Live Saloon music begins at 9pm, unless otherwise noted. Chico Hot Springs is located in Pray, 20 miles south of Livingston. For more information, visit www.chicohotsprings.com. •
Filed Under: Rolling Zone 
Copyright © 2025 · Bozone

Red Ants Line Up 

REPLAY 

Click for Full 050125 PDF 
Click for Winners!

Click for Winners! 
(o) 406.539.6730
info@bozone.com
Δ