Gwyneth Paltrow, CEO & Founder, goop speak onstage during Day Three of The MAKERS Conference 2024 The Beverly Hilton on February 29, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California.
Gwyneth Paltrow is all for supporting other women in business, even if it's a direct competitor. The actress-turned-wellness mogul owns the (sometimes controversial) Goop brand. Launched in September 2008, Goop was initially a "homespun weekly newsletter" providing new age advice, such as "police your thoughts" and "eliminate white foods."
Kourtney Kardashian Barker's Poosh launched in 2019, and it immediately drew comparisons to Paltrow's lifestyle brand, which has been around for over a decade more. However, the criticism between the two brands didn't sit right with Paltrow. In a new interview with People Wednesday (March 13), the Iron Man alum tells the publication she was actually "so upset" when Poosh launched, and people called it "a ripoff of Goop."
The businesswoman, 51, recalled thinking how awful that was and "trying to pit us against one another, which is so crazy." Instead of doing that, Paltrow did a cheeky collaboration with Kardashian Barker. The two created a candle called in June 2022: "This Smells Like My Pooshy." Finding it hilarious, the mother of two previously sold other candles on Goop called "This Smells Like My Vagina" and "This Smells Like My Orgasm."

A post shared by

Paltrow told People it is crucial for women in business to support each other rather than compete. "The world is better and stronger when women are in cahoots with one another," she adds. She also blames the patriarchy for making women feel "scarcity and that there's not enough for all of us to do our thing. And it's so detrimental."
At the time of their candle Collab, Kardashian echoed Paltrow's viewpoints. She told Poosh how much she loved how the collaboration with the two of them would spread the message that there is "space for everyone in the health and wellness community and that we don’t have to pit women and their brands against each other." Kourt added that the wellness community focuses on sharing positive information that can help make people’s lives better, so she believes there is not only a space for more, but a need as well for more contributors.
Some celebrities have made it obvious that they speak another language. Whether it is from a thick accent or speaking in another language in films or music, we can easily tell when someone is multilingual. However, there are some stars we would have never guessed spoke in anything besides their native tongue. The biggest surprise of all is when our favorite actor or musician speaks more than two languages!
Due to their cultural heritage, some stars have picked up a second language due to where their family is from. Others have found a love for language in their travels or a genuine interest in linguistics. Whatever the reason, it is impressive when a person can dedicate themselves to adding another language to their repertoire. If you needed a reason to pick up another language, these celebrities' success is inspiring.
Take a look below at which celebrities can speak two or more languages:
Besides English, the 'Loki' star can speak Spanish, French and Greek. The British actor has been fascinated with language since his school days and found he was gifted with the affinity of learning languages.
The Ukrainian-born actress can understand and speak Russian, as she lived there until the age of seven.
The actor, whose name is very French, speaks fluent French. He grew up speaking both French and English since his father is from France.
The Mexican-born actress speaks an impressive four languages: English, Spanish, Swahili and Luo.
Though he used to speak 3 languages fluently, Stan can only understand German a little now. He is fluent in English and Romanian.
The Mexican-born actress can speak both English and Spanish fluently. Her father is of Lebanese descent and her daughter's father is French, so she can speak some of both of the languages.
The actor lived in France for six months and can speak French fluently. He also can speak some Italian, as his mother taught him.
Besides English, the actress can also speak German fluently. She was raised in Nuremberg, Germany and Austria, as her mother is German and her father was in the army.
The actor first learned how to speak Spanish when he made his acting debut on 'The Second Voyage of the Mimi.' The show was filmed in Mexico and that's where he picked it up.
Born in Malaysia, the actress can speak Malay,  Cantonese, Hokkien, Mandarin and English.
The actor can speak an impressive 9 languages! English, Spanish, German, Mandarin, Cantonese, Thai, Japanese, Korean and American Sign Language.
The actress can speak a number of languages including Hebrew, German, Japanese, Spanish and French.
The actor was born in Los Angeles, but he speaks German and Italian fluently. His parents are Italian and German and he spent a lot of time in Germany growing up.
The Colombian singer can speak  a whopping seven different languages. She speaks Spanish, English, French, Italian, Arabic, Catalan, and Portuguese.
The Guatemalan-born actor can speak both English and Spanish.
The singer is fluent in both English and French. However, she has sung in languages including Spanish, Italian, German, Latin, Japanese and Mandarin.
The Wolverine actor is fluent in French and Spanish.
Dua Lipa is bilingual and speaks both English and Albanian due to her heritage.
The Hawaiian-born singer can speak both English and Spanish.
The musician can speak both English and French fluently. Though she knows some Italian words and phrases, she isn't fluent in the language.
The musician can speak four languages: English, French, German, Italian and Spanish. He even sang  and recorded the entire 'Tarzan' soundtrack in all of the aforementioned languages.
The singer can speak both English and Spanish. Her Spanish was more fluent as she was growing up and some of it has faded away.
The actress is fluent in English, Italian and French. She can also speak Spanish and German.
The singer can speak both English and Spanish. She can understand Portuguese and Italian, a little bit of French, and some German from her mother (who is also multilingual).
The actress is fluent in English and Spanish. She lived in Spain as a teenager and fell in love with the language.
Though she was born in Florida, Anya's parents raised her in Argentina until she was 6 years old and speaks fluent Spanish. She learned English when they moved to London by watching 'School of Rock,' 'Harry Potter,' and 'Jumanji,'
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!