V’s New Music Friday picks for the first week of December 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the first week of December 
The year may be officially wrapping up, but the first week of December’s new releases are not slowing down! BLACKPINK’s ROSÉ’s highly-anticipated solo debut album is finally here, while Dua Lipa is releasing a live album recorded with an orchestra at the iconic Royal Albert Hall. Bad Bunny is back with a new single, and Mariah Carey is celebrating three decades of her iconic Christmas album. Add these releases and more to your 2024 playlist before the year is over!
Global K-Pop icon ROSÉ’s debut solo studio album rosie is finally here – and the 12 tracks, all of which were co-written and executive produced by ROSÉ herself, serve as her most personal work yet. The project broke records even before its official release – its lead single “APT.” featuring Bruno Mars debuted at #8 on the Billboard Hot 100, making ROSÉ the first female Korean artist to reach the top 10 of the chart. 
Global pop icon Dua Lipa is treating fans with a live album performed at the iconic Royal Albert Hall alongside the 53-piece Heritage Orchestra conducted by Ben Foster, a 14-strong choir and her 7-piece band. The setlist includes her latest album Radical Optimism in its entirety as well as several other hit songs and a guest appearance from Elton John.
Grammy-winning global phenomenon Bad Bunny is back with his latest single, “EL CLúB,” a nostalgic track that combines house synth beats with traditional Afro-Puerto Rican guitar sounds. The innovative track arrives alongside an accompanying music video.
To celebrate the 30th anniversary of her iconic Merry Christmas album and record-breaking holiday classic “All I Want For Christmas Is You,” Mariah Carey is back with a special anniversary edition of the album complete with festive bonus tracks, the remastered St. John the Divine concert, “Hero” from the same performance (streaming for the first time), the “Miss You Most (At Christmas Time)” Video Version, and more.
Singer, songwriter, producer, Grammy-winner, and Oscar-nominee Tems is back with an accompanying new music video for her new track “Get It Right” featuring Asake from her debut studio album Born In The Wild, which has earned more than 614 million streams worldwide to date.
Rising indie-pop darling Anna Shoemaker is back with her latest track! “Iced Coffee” delves into the complex, introspective emotions of love tinged with regret. The single arrives ahead of Shoemaker’s upcoming sophomore album, Someone Should Stop Her, due Feb. 21.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!