Home    Forums    Music    Grammy 2025 Predictions: R&B Field (Part 2)
and I agree, Kenyon should be happy he’s nominated. He’s just like Muni, making music that sounds like the past cuz that makes it “real R&B.” 
And what’s wrong with that? He’s actually a real singer, songwriter, arranger, and producer who understands what R&B is supposed to sound like, just like Muni. So I’m not sure why the quotation marks around real R&B like they aren’t making real R&B when they are. They are what we’ve been missing from R&B for a long time, since the mid-90s.
I'll always speak truth to power.
BEST R&B SONG
Honey, “Burning” = WTF!  “After Hours” will be an afterthought.  While deserving, “Here We Go (Uh Oh)” is stronger in Best R&B Performance.  If voters have a boner for basic shit, “Ruined Me” might get rewarded here.  “Saturn” feels like a winner.
SHOULD WIN: “Here We Go (Uh Oh)” and “Saturn”
WILL WIN: “Saturn”
 And what’s wrong with that? He’s actually a real singer, songwriter, arranger, and producer who understands what R&B is supposed to sound like, just like Muni. So I’m not sure why the quotation marks around real R&B like they aren’t making real R&B when they are. They are what we’ve been missing from R&B for a long time, since the mid-90s. 
im pretty sure someone else said this here, but there are seemingly different opinions on what tradition means, and perhaps we should let that evolve.
lucky is also all of those things that Muni and Kenyon are (for himself and others). To me he’s better at it cuz he’s more original and not tryna make what’s been done. Ya’ll praise folks like D’Angelo who won R&B aoty with Black Messiah. Algorithm is literally taking what he, Stevie, Prince etc did and trynna push it fwd. and ya’ll wouldn’t dare call D’Angelo not “real R&B”
It’s weird that there’s this sector of R&B fans who are stuck wanting shit that sounds like what’s been done, when every era from the 60s to now have had the Stevie wonders, the princes, the d’angelos that evolved music.
I don’t think Algorithm is that innovative, tbh. “That’s You” sounds like a Bruno Mars song that’s trying to emulate the ’70s. lol  That’s the basis of the music on that album. That’s why it’s in (Traditional) R&B Album instead of Progressive R&B Album.
I feel like Muni Long, Lucky Daye and others are trying to keep the essence of R&B/Soul, and they all deserve recognition for doing it. I really don’t understand the hostility on both sides for Muni Long and Lucky Daye. They are literally harmless.
I don’t think Algorithm is that innovative, tbh. “That’s You” sounds like a Bruno Mars song that’s trying to emulate the ’70s. lol That’s the basis of the music on that album. That’s why it’s in (Traditional) R&B Album instead of Progressive R&B Album. I feel like Muni Long, Lucky Daye and others are trying to keep the essence of R&B/Soul, and they all deserve recognition for doing it. I really don’t understand the hostility on both sides for Muni Long and Lucky Daye. They are literally harmless. 
we’ll have to agree to disagree. Bruno isn’t an innovative artist himself, so giving him credit for anything Lucky is doing just because he happened to co- produce the song and made a 70s rip off album (silk sonic) is wild. There is an 70s inspired aspect to that’s you, but doesn’t straight sound like a rip off in large part because of what lucky brought to the song via lyrics/melodies/vocal production. Algorithm combines literally all eras & sides of R&B & is easily the most innovate album nominated and one the most forward thinking albums put out in this era of music. There is a clear difference to me in what Muni are doing and what Lucky is doing musically imo.
I respect your opinion 100% though!
And I don’t have hostility towards anyone, like I said we all have diff tastes on here and what we appreciate more when it comes to R&B. That’s a good thing cuz there is stuff for everyone. 
Algorithm is a great album. He deserves the nomination based off “Top”, “HERicane”, “Diamonds in Teal” and “Soft”. 
It is more innovative than any Bruno Mars album in terms of production. Quiet as it’s kept That’s You is one of the weakest songs on the album.
If Lucky doesn’t win R&B album it should go to Usher. 
the Lucky Daye album is miles better than the Muni Long for me. not sure who will win though
BEST PROGRESSIVE R&B ALBUM
Honey, this category is a fucking shit show.  AverySunshine has a 0% chance.  Kehlani’s nominations will NOT turn into wins.  I love Durand Bernarr’s gay ass.  Hope they snatch the win.  Never underestimate Anderson .Paak.  Voters adore him.  Though, voters might not connect him with NxWorries.  Childish Gambino is the most popular nominee here, which will translate into another easy win.
SHOULD WIN: Durand Bernarr, En Route
WILL WIN: Childish Gambino, Bando Stone & the New World 
Algorithm is a great album. He deserves the nomination based off “Top”, “HERicane”, “Diamonds in Teal” and “Soft”. It is more innovative than any Bruno Mars album in terms of production. Quiet as it’s kept That’s You is one of the weakest songs on the album. If Lucky doesn’t win R&B album it should go to Usher. 
Agree re R&B album.
ans what a hot take on “that’s you”!!! I think it’s one of his best songs to date, but I do see why you’d argue it’s one of the weakest on the album. There’s a valid argument there for sure.
BEST R&B ALBUM
Honey, Chris Brown is always pure filler and the only one who does NOT have a shot.  That Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical nomination means nothing for Lucky Daye.  Lalah Hathaway is a previous winner in this category and could prevail again.  Muni Long would be so underserving.  However, we can’t count her out.  Usher’s veteran status will propel him to another win.
SHOULD WIN: Usher, Coming Home
WILL WIN: Usher, Coming Home
 im pretty sure someone else said this here, but there are seemingly different opinions on what tradition means, and perhaps we should let that evolve. 
No.
 Ya’ll praise folks like D’Angelo who won R&B aoty with Black Messiah. Algorithm is literally taking what he, Stevie, Prince etc did and trynna push it fwd. and ya’ll wouldn’t dare call D’Angelo not “real R&B” It’s weird that there’s this sector of R&B fans who are stuck wanting shit that sounds like what’s been done, when every era from the 60s to now have had the Stevie wonders, the princes, the d’angelos that evolved music. 
I don’t know who y’all is but I’ve never cared for D’Angelo, Prince, or (most of) Stevie’s—and (so far) Lucky’s music. D’Angelo isn’t a real R&B artist (so I would dare to say it because I don’t care about being popular or liked or who agrees/disagrees with me); if he debuted today, he’d be alternative or progressive. And “Traditional R&B” means crafting “sounds like what’s been done” that remind us of what music used to/should sound like. It’s called nostalgia.
I’m a purist, that is my right, and that will never change.
I'll always speak truth to power.
 I don’t know who y’all is but I’ve never cared for D’Angelo, Prince, or (most of) Stevie’s—and (so far) Lucky’s music. D’Angelo isn’t a real R&B artist (so I would dare to say it because I don’t care about being popular or liked or who agrees/disagrees with me); if he debuted today, he’d be alternative or progressive. And “Traditional R&B” means crafting “sounds like what’s been done” that remind us of what music used to/should sound like. It’s called nostalgia. I’m a purist, that is my right, and that will never change. 
let me guess. Stevie, prince and D’angelo aren’t real R&B, but Usher is? Lol
this explains A LOT. We’ll have to agree to disagree.
 let me guess. Stevie, prince and D’angelo aren’t real R&B, but Usher is? Lol this explains A LOT. We’ll have to agree to disagree. 
Who said anything about Usher? You’re grasping for straws, love.
I'll always speak truth to power.
PREDICTIONS: 
R&B Performance: Muni Long, “Made For Me (Live on BET)” 
Traditional R&B: Lalah Hathaway & Michael McDonald, “No Lie” 
R&B Song: SZA, “Saturn” 
Progressive R&B: Childish Gambino, Bando Stone & the New World 
R&B Album: Usher, Coming Home 
 Who said anything about Usher? You’re grasping for straws, love. 
no one said anything about Usher, that’s my point. you’re out here saying d’Angleo, prince and Stevie aren’t really R&B, but the general consensus is that Usher is?? He is directly influenced by the latter two and D’Angelo wrote for Usher. How does this make sense?
Ya’ll got such limited views of R&B. to each their own!
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media