The longtime live entertainment executive is departing the company he launched as a joint venture with CTS Eventim in 2021.

													By
												

	Dave Brooks


	Live entertainment executive Jason Miller is leaving operational responsibilities at ELA, the joint venture he launched with global entertainment leader CTS Eventim in 2021. Miller continues to hold an ownership stake in the concert promotion company. 

	During his nearly three years as CEO, Miller, based in Los Angeles, led ELA to produce shows in all genres in the United States and abroad across 20 cities, 13 countries and four continents. 

	“We launched ELA during the height of the pandemic with the simple goal of expanding CTS Eventim’s global footprint. I am proud to say that we have accomplished our mission,” Miller says. “Over the past years, I have assembled a diverse, talented team in three countries, and together we have produced an incredible run of successful shows. The people are in place and the foundation has been laid for ELA to continue to gain market share and thrive. Live entertainment is booming, and I am excited to explore new opportunities to build and further develop great businesses within our industry.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Miller previously worked at the talent agency powerhouse Creative Artists Agency (CAA) where he was an integral player in the careers of such high-profile clients as Beyoncé, Jimmy Fallon, Magic Johnson, Stevie Wonder and many more. Prior to ELA, Miller was senior vp at Live Nation Entertainment, where he co- produced some of the last decade’s highest-grossing tours including for Bruno Mars, Coldplay, Madonna, Maroon 5 and U2. 

	Miller holds a B.S. degree from Syracuse University and an MBA  from UCLA.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.