ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Rose of BLACKPINK performs onstage during the 2019 Coachella ... More Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. Blackpink singer Rosé’s new single “Apt.” brings her to the Hot 100's top 10 for the first time—and beats her own girl group's most successful tune, "Ice Cream" with Selena Gomez. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
For more than half a decade now, Blackpink has reigned as one of the most successful girl groups in the world, and certainly one of the most successful names in K-pop. The quartet isn’t as prolific as some of their contemporaries, as all four women who make up the band are also pursuing solo ventures. One of those singers scores a huge hit in America this week, one that helps her beat even the act that made her a star.
Rosé’s new single “Apt.” debuts at No. 8 on the Hot 100. The tune marks the first from a South Korean solo female musician to enter the highest tier on Billboard’s list of the most-consumed songs in the country. It also sits in a loftier position than the girl group has ever reached.
Blackpink’s biggest hit on the Hot 100 remains “Ice Cream,” which they released in 2020. That single, which features Selena Gomez, rose all the way to No. 13. That’s a very lofty position for a South Korean musical act of any kind, and it remains the highest-rising track from any K-pop girl group in the U.S.
None of the other three singers that make up Blackpink–Jennie, Jisoo, and Lisa–have come even close to matching the group’s success on the Hot 100. Jennie’s “One of the Girls,” on which she’s credited as a featured artist alongside Lily Rose Depp on a tune fronted by The Weeknd, held the distinction of being the highest-charting tune by any of the Blackpink women...until now. That single, which arrived in 2023, peaked at No. 51.
Rosé is now one of a very small group of solo artists known primarily for creating K-pop music to hit the Hot 100’s top 10. She joins Psy, as well as two members of BTS, Jung Kook and Jimin. The latter two acts have both scored one No. 1 on the tally.
That list expands ever so slightly when looking beyond just solo South Korean musicians. BTS has thus far accrued 10 top 10 smashes on the Hot 100 throughout the years, and they may add to that sum when the band is back together.
“Apt.” benefits from both Rosé’s immense popularity, as well as the superstar status of its featured vocalist. Bruno Mars lent his talent and fame to the collaboration, and he scores his milestone twentieth top 10 on the Hot 100 as the single debuts.