The highly-anticipated cocktail lounge from superstar Bruno Mars has an opening date on the Las Vegas Strip.
The highly-anticipated cocktail lounge from superstar Bruno Mars has an opening date on the Las Vegas Strip.
According to a news release, Bruno Mars’ The Pinky Ring will open its doors at the Bellagio on February 12.
To celebrate the opening of the venue, MGM Resorts says Mars’ long-time band, The Hooligans, will perform nightly as the resident band for The Pinky Ring’s first two weeks.
“I’ve been performing in Vegas for years, and I’ve always wanted a place where I could throw glamorous parties when I’m in town. A place that felt like my personal penthouse suite, with live music and sensational cocktails. The Pinky Ring is that,” Bruno Mars said when the project was first announced.
During the initial announcement, MGM Resorts had billed Mars’ venue as a jazz bar. However, a representative on Wednesday advised that The Pinky Ring will play all different kinds of music.
The Pinky Ring is located centrally on Bellagio’s casino floor in the former Lily Bar & Lounge space.
The Pinky Ring will be open Sunday through Thursday from 5 p.m. until 2 a.m. and Friday and Saturday from 5 p.m. until 3 a.m.
Reservations can be made online here.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Station Casinos has applied to the city of Henderson for a design review at Sunset Station to add a new country restaurant, bar and nightclub.
Doberman Drawing Room, Corner Bar Management’s new nightspot in the Arts District, opens to the public on April 30.
The comic is performing at Dolby Live after selling out Encore Theater two years ago.
The new Arts District spot blends cocktail culture, private club choosiness and the spirit of a 19th century salon.
Clark County Commissioner Tick Segerblom says Sphere is contributing to the public more than any venue on the Strip.
A new restaurant and nightlife hotspot, first announced in early 2023, is finally close to opening.
Bars come and go in Las Vegas. This one continues to flourish by blending inventive pours, live music and bar events.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP