Scattered thunderstorms, especially late. Low 68F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%..
Scattered thunderstorms, especially late. Low 68F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 5:49 pm
Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Brandy Clark. 
Spoleto Festival USA — which takes place from May 24 – June 9, in Charleston — has announced that 2024 Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Brandy Clark has joined the Festival’s Front Row Series. Clark’s June 1 performance adds to a star-studded lineup of concerts at the College of Charleston’s Cistern Yard throughout the Festival. Spoleto Festival’s Front Row Series brings nationally touring acts to the atmospheric Cistern Yard for intimate and arresting performances not found anywhere else.
“With its towering live oaks dripping with Spanish moss, the Cistern is easily one of the most picturesque backdrops in Charleston, encompassing 160+ years of Lowcountry history,” says Mena Mark Hanna, general director and CEO of Spoleto Festival USA. 
Front Row Series Lineup:
Old Crow Medicine Show – May 24 & 25
To kick off the Festival, acclaimed old-time string band Old Crow Medicine Show will perform back-to-back nights on the Cistern stage. The six-piece band, who introduced the world to one of the top-five country singles of all time Wagon Wheel, is celebrating their 25th anniversary with the release of their Grammy Award-nominated album Jubilee. 
Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue – May 27
New Orleans icon, Trombone Shorty will return to the Festival for the first time since 2011 on May 27. The seven-time OffBeat Artist of the Year leads his legendary ensemble in a high-octane performance that blends New Orleans jazz with rock, funk and hip-hop influences. The Grammy Award winner’s extensive list of accomplishments includes touring with Lenny Kravitz; sharing the stage with a diverse array of talents from the Foo Fighters to Bruno Mars, to Ringo Starr, to Green Day; and performing at vaunted venues such as the White House and blockbuster events including the NBA All-Star Game and Coachella. 
Amos Lee – May 28
With a career spanning nearly two decades, Amos Lee is known for his dreamy folk, rock and soul influences. Lee first became serious about performing while attending the University of South Carolina during the mid-90s. 
Brandy Clark – June 1
2024 Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Brandy Clark won her first golden gramophone for Best Americana Performance for her haunting hit ballad, Dear Insecurity. The roots-heavy singer has written songs that were recorded by Sheryl Crow, the Band Perry, Reba McEntire, LeAnn Rimes, Billy Currington, Darius Rucker and Kacey Musgraves. She also composed the music and lyrics for the hit musical comedy, Shucked, alongside her longtime collaborator, Shane McAnally. 
Watchhouse – June 5
Formerly known as Mandolin Orange, Watchhouse is the North Carolina duo of Andrew Marlin and Emily Frantz making their Spoleto debut on June 5. Topping Billboard’s Bluegrass Albums chart, Watchhouse’s work imbues their Appalachian-steeped folk with ambient drone, gauzy soul horns and experimental texture. 
Aoife O’Donovan – June 7
Aoife O’Donovan will return to Spoleto for a groundbreaking performance with the Spoleto Festival USA Orchestra. The collaborative performance will showcase her new album All My Friends, set to be released on March 8, which is inspired by the letters and speeches of suffragist Carrie Chapman Catt. 
Jason Isbell – June 8 & 9
Six-time Grammy Award-winning artist Jason Isbell will be holding back-to-back performances to conclude the 17-day Festival. Critically acclaimed for his raw emotional honesty, singer, guitarist and actor Jason Isbell has cemented his place as one of music’s greatest performing songwriters. 
Programming at the College of Charleston Cistern Yard is kindly endowed by Carlos, Lisa and Blake Evans. For more information on Spoleto Festival USA, visit spoletousa.org.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: