Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Correction: This is Texas.
Beyoncé graced the NFL with another halftime performance, this time as her hometown team, the Houston Texans, hosted the Baltimore Ravens on Christmas Day. She performed a medley of songs off her country music album, the Grammy-nominated “Cowboy Carter,” released earlier this year. 
This was the first time Beyoncé performed live songs from her platinum-certified record, Netflix said. The streaming giant was the global home of the Texans-Ravens matchup, as well as the Kansas City Chiefs-Pittsburgh Steelers game that streamed earlier in the day.
Post Malone and Shaboozey, who are featured on “Cowboy Carter,” made special appearances during the Christmas Day performance. Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy and Reyna Roberts also joined for “Blackbiird.” And Beyoncé’s oldest child, Blue Ivy Carter, joined her as a backup dancer for her last song, “Texas Hold ‘Em.”
The last time Beyoncé took the stage during an NFL halftime was Super Bowl 50 in 2016, when Coldplay headlined and Bruno Mars also performed. In 2013, Beyoncé headlined the Super Bowl 47 halftime, which became the second most-watched Super Bowl halftime performance at the time, per Netflix. During the performance, Beyoncé reunited with members of her former group Destiny’s Child.
Beyoncé received 11 Grammy nominations for “Cowboy Carter” this year, which made her the most nominated artist in Grammy history. She was nominated for record of the year, album of the year and best country album.
In case you missed Beyoncé’s halftime show, here’s how to watch.
Beyoncé’s halftime performance was seen on Netflix, which streamed the Texans-Ravens game exclusively. Local markets in Baltimore and Houston also broadcast the game.
The halftime performance was available on Netflix for three hours after it streamed live, according to Variety. It expired on Netflix after that for those in the U.S. 
Viewers outside the U.S. were able to view Beyoncè’s halftime show for 24 hours before it expired from Netflix, Variety reported at the time.
On Dec. 27, Netflix shared that the performance, which the streamer calls the "Beyoncé Bowl," is available to watch as a standalone special. 
"We’re screaming YA YA YA YA YA because BEYONCÉ BOWL, a standalone special, is now on Netflix," Netflix shared on social media. 
The description for “Beyoncé Bowl,” which has a runtime of 13 minutes, reads: "The iconic Beyoncé takes the field for a special hometown halftime show on NFL Christmas Gameday from Houston, Texas."
See highlights from the performance here:
Beyoncé performed live a medley of songs from her country music album, “Cowboy Carter,” for her halftime performance on Christmas Day.
These were the songs featured:
The cast Netflix lists for the singer's "Beyoncé Bowl" special is as follows:
Beyoncé performed her halftime show after the first two quarters of the Ravens-Texans game on Christmas Day at 4:30 p.m. ET. The Texans hosted the Ravens at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas.
Dan Aulbach is an editorial intern for TODAY.com based in New York City. He specializes in sports journalism. 
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.