Allegiant Stadium announcing Super Bowl LVIII coming to Vegas.
When it comes to the Super Bowl, it's not all about the game itself. In fact, you'll be surprised at how many people watch the big game for other reasons. Some favorites include watching the commercials that companies pay millions of dollars to air. Maybe, it's to hang with friends and family to drink, eat, and have a great time. And one big one is, of course, the halftime performance.
There's not doubt that the NFL has had some great performers grace the field of the Big Game. Two big names are obviously Michael Jackson and Prince. Probably the two most iconic performers to play the game's halftime. According to CBS Sports, some other notable performances include Bruno Mars, Katy Perry, Beyoncé, Madonna, Justin Timberlake, Janet Jackson, U2, and more!
There have been great performances with even better plot lines and news that came from it. For example, Beyoncé subtly announced her pregnancy during the show by lifting up her top and rubbing her belly during the end of the show. Fast forward to last year's performance by Rihanna, she took a page out of Beyoncé's book and did the same thing. She reveled her baby bump during the performance.
The NFL has fans from all over the world. Every fan is obviously different in every way. This includes their taste in music. So, when an artist plays the Super Bowl halftime show, many will love it or many will question "why?" This always sparks the question every year...what popular, worldwide artist has major success and would put on a great show? On top of that, who would offer a never-before-seen performance that would captivate the entire stadium.
And let me tell you, the list could go on for days if you were to think about it. But, there are those key artists -- who you know for a fact -- would just kill it when they hit the stage for the Big Game.
Since the NFL has teamed up with Jay-Z and his company to find artists to do the halftime show, according to an article by Business Insider, this has changed the entire "scouting" process for the halftime performance. I'd even say that in the next few years, we probably won't get a rocky-heavy or metal band. It will most likely be hip-hop, pop, and R&B artists. This isn't a bad thing, but there are many rock artists who definitely would leave a lasting impression if allowed to play.
Here are five artists of all genre's of music, who are known worldwide, are successful, and definitely should be given an opportunity to play the halftime show, according to Google Search.
P!NK performs on stage during the P!NK Summer Carnival 2023 Tour
Now we all know P!nk has her hits. So many of them that she could definitely fill up the time to do a halftime show. Plus, with her current tour being circus themed, the possibilities would be endless for the wow factor. Having her fly around the stadium while singing would be an awesome experience. But, she has yet to be asked.
Adam Lambert performs with Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen at 02 Arena on January 17, 2015 in London, England.
If there was ever an iconic band to play the Super Bowl halftime show, Queen most definitely fits the bill. I mean they created a song about winners and losers. Something that most definitely happens at the Big Game. Sadly they have yet to perform. Now we get that in the past, they never had a singer. But now that they have Adam Lambert fronting the group, it would totally make sense to get Queen. And the group has the catalog to fill the time that would compliment the game's intensity and emotions perfectly.
Rapper Jay-Z performs onstage during his Blueprint 3 Tour at UCLA's Pauley Pavilion on November 8, 2009 in Los Angeles, California.
Granted, Jay-Z is one of the men in charge of finding the acts for the halftime show. But, why doesn't he grace the field? We know he's "retired," but if there's ever a time for an artist to make a comeback in a big way, why not let it be the Super Bowl halftime show. Imagine hearing all the hits. Plus all the featured artists he could bring out that he's collaborated with. It most definitely would make for a memorable and entertaining show.
Musician Sir Elton John performs onstage during the Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour at Dodger Stadium on November 17, 2022 in Los Angeles, California.
We know he recently announced he's done with touring. He played his final show in Stockholm, Sweden on July 8, 2023. But that's touring. He has said he'd definitely play private shows and one off shows as well. It won't be cheap to book him, but when you're talking about an artist like Elton John, paired with the money the NFL is raking in, this is pocket change, right? There is definitely no shortage of songs for the mega star to play.
Robert Trujillo, Kirk Hammett, Lars Ulrich and James Hetfield members of the band Metallica performs live on stage at Autodromo de Interlagos on March 25, 2017 in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Metallica is a touchy one when it comes to a halftime performance. We've seen the mega-rock band play at half-time before during regular season games. Even during baseball games. And we understand that not everyone would take to their hard riffs and powerhouse songs. But the metal band is no stranger to playing and selling out arenas and stadiums. And with a music catalog that goes all the way back to the 80's, there's definitely not a lack of music to play. But, we get that they don't want people to tune out during the performance. But for all the rock fans out there, we want to see just one metal band play the Big Game at least once. Do you agree?
Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters performs onstage during day 2 of the Firefly Music Festival on June 20, 2014 in Dover, Delaware.
If there's one band I think has fans of all genres captured, it would be the Foo Fighters. The band is a total touring maniac. They put on good shows, and they have the hits to back up their case to play the halftime show. Sadly, it wouldn't be with their original drummer, Taylor Hawkins, but it would amazing to see the band play such an iconic event. Whether a huge Foo Fighters fan or not, you know at least one or two songs that you could sing along to. That's probably why they came in at the number one spot on the list. Jay-Z, you definitely need to make this one happen sooner than later.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!