The duo both dropped solo singles this month.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Both Jennie and Rosé are currently rolling out their next solo eras, and to celebrate, the BLACKPINK stars individually sat down with Buzzfeed Celeb to play with adorable baby animals while they answered questions.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					JENNIE		
					






















	
		
					ROSÉ of BLACKPINK		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	First up, Jennie, who recently dropped her empowering new single “Mantra,” revealed that she’s currently in a “hardworking, no rest, Jennie mode,” adding, “Hopefully after this album comes out, I can have some fun in my era.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	While she played around with the sweetest group of kittens — who were a bit shy at first but eventually warmed up to the K-pop idol — Jennie shared that she hopes fans feel the “good energy of “Mantra,” and “how I’m just really talking about embracing yourself and having fun all the time.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	She also revealed the BLACKPINK song she’d put in a time capsule for future generations. “I think ‘Whistle,’ because I love that song and I think it’s a timeless song,” she explained. “It’s already been eight years since that song came out and I still listen to it here and there.”

	For her interview, Rosé answered the same question. “I would pick ‘Kill This Love.’ It’s a bada– song,” she revealed.

	The singer, who happily tried to wrangle energetic puppies during her interview, opened up about working with Bruno Mars on her new song, “APT.” She shared, “I am so lucky to have him on the song. He’s helped so much. He has a vision for everything. It’s so good. I’ve had times where I was struggling with something and he really has helped me so much in wrapping up this album. I’m such a big fan.

	The song is set to be featured on her upcoming solo album rosie, which Rosé described as “an album full of my most honest stories and it’s just a representation of all the thoughts running through my mind in the past year. It’s a very personal one so hopefully people feel closer to me through the album.”

	As for her fellow BLACKPINK members embarking on solo journeys, Rosé beamed with support. “I think it’s amazing. I’m so excited for everyone,” she said. “I’m their biggest fan. I’m proud of all of these girls. It’s nice to have these sisters go through similar journeys with me.”

	Watch Jennie’s kitten interview and Rosé’s puppy interview below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.