Paige Turley rose to fame following her stint on Love Island four years ago. Since then she has been fairly quiet, however is set to come back with a bang in her new debut on the small screen.
The Scottish star, 26, is set to appear on Ex on the Beach following her split from Finn. The blonde beauty recently enjoyed the celeb viewing party to celebrate the launch of the new series, attending the event alongside co-star Shaughna Phillips.
Paige, from West Lothian, also posed alongside some of the MAFS UK cast who were also in attendance. She undoubtedly had an awkward reunion with her ex-partner Finley Tapp as he was also pictured at the same event.
The 26-year-old aside from appearing on reality television has had quite a colourful life in the public eye, having appeared on a well-known national talent show and dated a famous Scottish hitmaker.
Let's take a closer look at the Love Island star's experience on Britain's Got Talent, her split from Finn and her short-lived romance with one of Scotland's biggest stars...
Paige became a fan favourite after appearing on the first winter series of Love Island in 2020. Her and boyfriend at the time, Finn Tapp, 24, went on to win the show together.
Their whirlwind romance saw them move in together. The ITV reality stars credited lockdown for giving them time to get to know each other without being distracted by showbiz parties and star-studded events however things didn't work out in the end.
Singer Paige was believed to have fled their Manchester home and gone home to West Lothian following the couple going their separate ways last year, whilst Finn also took a trip across to the US to escape the noise.
Speaking about the couple's split, a source told the Sun at the time: "Paige and Finn had a really good run, but they are still super young and decided it wasn’t forever in the end. Paige is spending some time back in Scotland while she works out what she wants to do next."
Join the Daily Record's WhatsApp community here and get the latest news sent straight to your messages.
Paige and Finn are now set to reunite on ITV's Celebrity Ex On the Beach which will focus on the lives of eight single men and eight single women. The singletons will be joined by their ex-partners; with some looking to rekindle and some looking for sweet revenge.
Paige actually appeared on Britain's Got Talent back in 2012 at the age of only 14 when she blew audiences away with a rendition of 'Skinny Love' by Birdy and even reached the semi-finals. As she got older she also sang in local Scots pubs.
BGT judge Alesha Dixon was blown away by the performance saying she was adorable" with a "different and refreshing song choice".
Her voice carried her through to the semi-finals where she sang It Will Rain by Bruno Mars. However the judges weren't as impressed by the performance with Amanda Holden describing it as "slightly underwhelming".
Now, Paige still dabbles in her love for music having released a summer anthem last year which sent fans wild.
The track, 'Lonely Tonight' in collaboration with Leon Taro appeared in the UK dance charts and in the top 20 of the Ireland dance charts.
Announcing the news on her Instagram to her followers, Paige wrote: "‘Lonely Tonight’ is finally here!!! Been waiting a long time for this one to come out! Thank you so much for the support so far.. if you like it show your mates, if you don’t.. still show your mates. Available now on all streaming platforms, link in bio @upallnight.berli @kmg_ocelotpublishing."
Although now happily settled down, Scottish hitmaker Lewis Capaldi once dated Paige back in their younger years. They are believed to have been dating during them both studying at North Lanarkshire College.
Lewis and Paige were together for around a year, however cut things off when they were aged 20 in 2018. Speaking during a radio interview in New Zealand, Lewis joked ahead of her Love Islant stint he wanted a cut of the £50k if she won.
"I’ve known her for years, we were 18 when we first met, 19 when we first started going out and 20 when we finished going out," Lewis recalled. "It was fairly amicable, the split, but she never told me she was going on the show."
Lewis Capaldi is now settled down with girlfriend Ellie MacDowall, who has been supporting the star since he announced a break to his music career to focus on his health.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.