Jennifer Lopez was seen lapping up the sunshine in Los Angeles as she enjoyed a casual day date with one of her twin daughters, Emme Muniz, 13, on Saturday. 
The Atlas actress, 55, who is understood to have recently separated from her husband, Ben Affleck, 52, cut a seriously elegant figure in a moody monochrome dress with risqué backless detailing. 
JLo's gown featured an elegant plunging necklace, delicate straps and a sophisticated full-length skirt, which she paired with heeled espadrilles and a taupe bouclé handbag.
 The 'Let's Get Loud' singer's golden hair was styled in textured waves for her mother-daughter date, which saw the pair make a pit stop for frozen boba tea and frappuccinos.
Jennifer's demure all-black ensemble comes shortly after reports have suggested that divorce is imminent for Jennifer and Ben after spending their second wedding anniversary apart. 
After rekindling their whirlwind 2000s romance, the couple are reportedly living separately.
The Hollywood sweethearts eloped in July 2022 after reconnecting in 2021, almost 20 years after they ended their first engagement. They then celebrated with friends and family a month later in Georgia with a large wedding party.
Amid her rumoured heartbreak, JLo also canceled her world tour, with Live Nation's statement revealing she was "taking time off to be with her children, family and close friends".
"I am completely heartsick and devastated about letting you down. Please know that I wouldn’t do this if I didn’t feel that it was absolutely necessary," Jennifer told fans. She continued: "I promise I will make it up to you and we will all be together again. I love you all so much. Until next time."
Despite ongoing speculation about Bennifer's marriage being on the rocks, JLo - who has two children of her own - has maintained a close relationship with her step-children. Ben was married to Jennifer Garner for 13 years and shares Violet, 18, Fin, 15, and Samuel, 12, with the Alias actress.
Just last week, Violet Affleck, who joined JLo's twins Max and Emme for lunch in Los Angeles, wore her stepmother's Dolce & Gabbana dress. 
Violet also made a girls' trip to the Hamptons with Jennifer earlier this summer, with the Maid in Manhattan sharing snaps on Instagram of her girly weekend with her estranged husband's daughter. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.