Camila Cabello has admitted that her family miss one thing in particular about her This Morning ex-boyfriend Matthew Hussey after the pair dated in 2018.
Speaking on the latest episode of Alan Carr's 'Life's A Beach' podcast, she said: "It's been a while (since I last saw him), but he was from Essex, so he could be a little bit cockney. So, his mum talked more like 'do you want some chicken and some toast and mayonnaise' (in a Cockney accent). She talked a little bit more cockney and then he talked a little bit, because he moved to LA, (his accent was) more diluted."
But, the Cuban-born singer said that there is one thing that she misses about her relationship with the This Morning star, saying: "She (his mum) would make us just these delightful little chicken mayonnaise sandwiches.
"His dad was an incredible cook, my family had never eaten like that, you know. They really miss him, he's married now, but they're like 'we're starving now' because he really kept us fed, his family kept us really well fed."
Discussing how much she'd learned about the UK whilst dating her ex-boyfriend, the 27-year-old joked: "But, I learned all about the chocolate buttons and the pots of tea. We'd watch First Dates."
And, she also shocked Alan Carr as she revealed that she's been a long-term fan of his, saying: "I've known you since I was literally 15-years-old. I watched you with One Direction, I was a massive One Direction fan and I watched you with Taylor (Swift)."
Camila and Matthew first started dating after meeting in February 2018 and told Dax Shepard's 'Armchair Expert' podcast, earlier this year: "We went to dinner that night and that was my first relationship. It was late for my first relationship. I was 20. That was my first time having sex.
"First lovemaking was at 20, 21. … It was literally lovemaking. It was beautiful."
But, after just over a year together the pair called it quits, with Matthew now married to Audrey Le Strat.
Camila gained notoriety in 2017 with the release of her first solo single 'Crying in the Club', that went on to reach number 47 in the US charts and later saw her go on tour with Bruno Mars later the same year. Since then, the pop star became a household name with her single 'Havana' reaching number one in the UK charts. Several awards and nominations followed, including winning the Latin Grammy Award twice.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.