By Bruce Haring 

	They’re back. 

Ariana Grande and Hybe, led by CEO Scooter Braun, have reunited to continue pursuing business ventures. Grande has left Braun’s management ranks at least twice, most recently last August.  

	Although Grande is joining with Braun for business, she will stay with current manager Brandon Creed, a statement confirmed. 

	“Ariana Grande and Hybe look forward to continuing their long-standing business partnership and pursuing creative opportunities in Weverse and REM Beauty. Grande in this new chapter will continue to be managed exclusively by Brandon Creed/Good World Management.”

	










	Weverse is an artist merchandise platform, and also has a music player called Weverse albums,  and a K-Pop-centric music publication called Weverse Magazine. REM Beauty is her makeup line.




			Watch on Deadline		






Grande signed with Creed and his management firm, Good World Management, in December. Creed’s past clients include Bruno Mars and Lizzo. 

	Grande first signed with Braun ahead of the release of her 2013 debut album, Yours Truly. There was a brief hiatus in their relationship before the release of her 2016 record.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.