Home    Forums    Music    2026 Grammy Predictions
Ok, so I was definitely wrong.
That Joker song is definitely NOT traditional pop vocal. 
I hope it’s not in the movie tbh. If this is just a Gaga song, cool. Let it be its own thing. But this definitely doesn’t gel with the tone of the first film or what they’ve shown in the trailers for the sequel 
My guess is it’s on Harlequin but not in the actual movie 
“Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time”
As for 2026 Grammys, I think the artists/albums with the best odds of being nominated are: Rosalia, FKA Twigs’ Eusexua, Coldplay’s Moon Music, Kylie Minogue’s Tension II, SZA, Lady Gaga’s Harlequin and Joker: Folie a Deux, Bruno Mars, Cardi B, Lizzo, Harry Styles, The Joker soundtrack, Lana Del Rey, Rihanna (Most anticipated album ever!) and Beyonce’s Act 3 will be eligible to compete. I’m not completely sure about Rihanna and Cardi B dropping new albums, but maybe new songs. However, they should both drop their new albums no later than 2026. Fans are impatiently waiting for Cardi’s sophomore album and Rihanna’s R9.
If the rumors of a new Tame Impala album end up being true, I hope it ends up being worth the wait and is a contender.
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
Despite the changes in production Gaga is using the same type of composition and structure as the original versions so maybe it will go for best traditional pop album, if not I can see Harlequin going for pop album and LG7 going for best dance electronic music album
Lady Gaga’s seventh studio album is coming this February 2025.
Lady Gaga confirms her seventh studio album arrives February, 2025.  pic.twitter.com/IDe9CzuzJR
— Pop Crave (@PopCrave) September 25, 2024
Migs
I hope she has all the success possible for these new projects, it’s so good that the industry is giving more time to female artists, Beyoncé and Taylor for example have been in the game for 2 decades and still achieve success, and the same is happening with Lady Gaga who is about to complete 20 years of career in the next few years.
Harlequin is going Traditional Pop. It’s totally respecting the vibe of Great American Songbook with some genre twist. There’s also some Broadway sound.
Yeah it’s traditional pop, that snippet was more of an outlier.
Yeah it’s traditional pop, that snippet was more of an outlier. 
well it’s still using the same compositional structure and melody as the original version so maybe it’s eligible. but in any case the record company can pressure the Grammys to move LG7 to dance or move Harlequin to traditional pop, they will do everything possible for her to win the maximum number of Grammys in 2026
btw This year is supposedly another year of Olivia Rodrigo
2021 —> 2023 —> 2025
just listened to some parts of the harlequin tracks cuz my region has them on youtube already (and i’m too tired to listen to the full thing right now). it’s very likely for it to get submitted to trad. pop. many elements reminiscent of her jazz and piano residency. there’s just like 1-2 tracks that sound “different”, that louvre ad song included.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
Honey, I am ready for Olivia Rodrigo to slay the girls in 2025 and win more Grammys.
are tracks from vic monet’s upcoming deluxe for jaguar ii eligible for 2026 nods? the original album won a few things this year so i’m a bit confused.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
are tracks from vic monet’s upcoming deluxe for jaguar ii eligible for 2026 nods? the original album won a few things this year so i’m a bit confused.
Yes, because they weren’t on the awarded record.
The topic ‘2026 Grammy Predictions’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media