The battle for Christmas number one is on and a festive classic is in the running to secure the top spot in celebration of its 40th anniversary.
Wham! are bookies favourites with their iconic Last Christmas, however, Tom Grennan is fairly confident he’s about to secure the coveted chart spot — he’s even got a tattoo to confirm it.
The official Christmas number one is a British institution and has previously been secured by musical talent that includes The Beatles, Spice Girls, Boney M and Slade.
Thankfully, internet personality LadBaby – made up of couple Mark and Roxanne Hoyle – stepped down last year following their record-breaking streak of five chart-topping singles.
This left the charts wide open for Wham to finally get the number one last year after being beaten by Band Aid’s Do They Know It’s Christmas? in 1984.
So who could take the prestigious Christmas number one in 2024?
Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Last Christmas is once again in the running to take the top spot, which could be a record-breaking win as a song has never won twice — let alone twice in a row.
‘No song has ever been Christmas number one in back-to-back years, but we now make Wham’s Last Christmas odds-on to take the top spot for the second consecutive year,’ said Coral’s John Hill.
‘Last Christmas has already hit the top spot in the latest singles charts, and we expect the streaming number to keep rising ahead of the Christmas countdown.’
However, Tom’s new original song is vying for the top spot according to Official Charts and he’s feeling very confident with a preemptive inking.
Manifesting his Christmas number one, the Remind Me singer got ‘Christmas no.1 2024 is…’ on his thigh with a blank space ready for the winner’s name to be added after the announcement.
Speaking about the race for number one, the Little Bit of Love singer said: ‘Today I’m at the tattoo shop and I thought I’m gonna make it interesting. I’m gonna get “ChristmasNo.1 2024 is…” and I’m gonna let you lot decide what goes on my leg. 
‘It’s up to you. Stream it, buy the vinyl, we’ll see what happens. Do not let this flop.’
The underdog tune, It Can’t Be Christmas, is fighting for the top spot with Mariah Carey’s All I Want For Christmas not far behind.
If Tom, 29, claims the top spot on December 25, it would be the first time an original new song took the crown since Ed Sheeran’s Perfect in 2017.
It’s been far longer since a new festive tune with Christmas in the title took the slot — Shakin’ Stevens’ 1985 classic Merry Christmas Everyone was the last time that happened.
Despite his determination, Coral has Tom at 10-1 odds behind Wham at 1-3as the favourite.
Band Aid’s 40 Remix is 6-1, even after Fuse ODG criticised it for perpetuating stereotypes about Africa and making him want to ‘disassociate’ from his roots.
This received wider attention when Ed shared the clip on his social media along with his statement that he had not been contacted about the 40 Remix.
Sir Bob Geldof then defended the track and even called up Ed but the Band Aid song has taken a hit in the charts.
Liam Payne and One Direction round out the bookies picks at 25-1 and 40-1 respectively.
Christmas Magic by Laufey, another Amazon Original along with Tom’s track, is also in the running, currently at seven behind Brenda Lee’s Rockin’ Around The Christmas Tree.
Some non-festive tracks in the running include Gracie Abrams’ That’s So True and APT by Bruno Mars and Rose at number four and five, respectively.
The rest of the current top 10 feature Christmas hits Jingle Bell Rock, Fairytale of New York, and Lola Young’s new entry Messy.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Map reveals Britain’s worst roads for Christmas getaway next week
Arrow
MORE: Netflix fans clock huge blunder in Christmas action movie dubbed ‘next Die Hard’
Arrow
MORE: The best video game ugly Christmas jumpers and where to get them