Strictly Come Dancing fans were left worried for Pete Wicks after he was left red-faced with an apology after his recent stint.
Some feared he had "gone missing" from the live show after he accidentally dropped Jowita Przystal during their performance, which was the first of the night.
Whilst he was seen at the end of the show, the star couldn't be seen backstage at times, sparking fans to worry he may have walked off camera.
On the episode aired on Saturday (November 2), celebrity dancers and their partners took to the stage, delivering electrifying performances in homage to quintessential music legends like Whitney Houston, Shirley Bassey, and Queen.
Pete and his professional partner Jowita Przysta got the ball rolling with their salsa to Queen's rock anthem Another One Bites the Dust. Pete channeled his best Freddie Mercury look, but following the dance, it was apparent something was off as he repeatedly exclaimed "sorry" while in Jowita's consoling embrace.
After they received their mixed reviews from the judges, Pete opened up to host Claudia Winkleman regarding his Queen-influenced performance, admitting: "It was definitely an honour, I think it's an ironic song for me tonight, another one bites the dust."
Despite receiving modest scores from the judges a total of 22 points, Pete found some support from the Strictly viewing public, as they all shared their worries for the star.
One asked: "Where was Pete when his partner was upstairs with Claudia and co? Was he rowing with the hot head Maura as he looked red eyed at the end. Sarah to win."
Another added: "Oof worried about Pete and Jowita," as a third chimed in: "Is it just me or have pete and jowita not been back in the clauditorium since their dance? hope everything’s okay."
A fourth agreed: "I do not really care for strictly this week/year, but I feel so bad for Pete."
  Don't miss...     Inside Pete Wicks' 'love triangle' with Maura Higgins and Jowita Przystal  [EXPLAINER ]     Pete Wicks 'not typical contestant' but 'winning viewers over' says Strictly pro  [LATEST]     Strictly's Jowita's 'old fashioned' connection with Pete amid romance rumours  [INSIGHT ] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Meanwhile, a supportive fan pointed out the difficulty of the music choice but praised the dancer's resilience: "Tough song for a salsa, he picked himself back up after the mistakes, but I feel Pete could be in the dance off this week".
As the competition heats up in Week 7, Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas are dazzling the audience, clinching the top spot on the leaderboard for the second consecutive week. Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola were not far behind last week, also earning high praise.
On the other end of the spectrum, Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell scored 26 points, yet there's anticipation that their upcoming Tango to Rock and Roll All Nite by KISS will catapult them up the rankings.
Adding to the excitement, JLS star JB Gill and his partner Lauren Oakley are set to deliver a hip-hop-infused couple's choice performance to a medley of Bruno Mars classics, while Amy Dowden will be absent from this live show.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated