e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The OC Fair has officially announced its full concert schedule for the Pacific Amphitheatre. This year’s lineup features returning favorites like Chris Young and Ziggy Marley, along with tribute bands celebrating Depeche Mode, the Talking Heads, and U2. New acts will also be making their debut.
Located on the fairgrounds, the Pacific Amphitheatre and The Hangar at the OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa will host nightly entertainment from July 19 to August 18. Tickets include same-day admission to the OC Fair.
For more information on the OC Fair, go to ocfair.com.
Here’s the full list of concerts coming to the Pacific Amphitheatre and The Hangar this summer.
Cake 
The Sacramento-based geek rock band Cake will perform at the Costa Mesa venue, with opening support from the Ukrainian folk music quartet DakhaBrakha. Fans can expect to hear some of the band’s greatest hits, including “The Distance” and “Never There.”
When: 7 p.m. Tuesday, July 9
Tickets: $50-90 at pacamp.com.
Tash Sultana 
Tash Sultana, the psychedelic and reggae soul artist, is set to perform with support from Chiiild. Sultana rose to fame with her unique DIY approach, showcased in her viral 2016 track “Jungle,” which has been viewed over 188 million times on YouTube. The Melbourne-bred multi-instrumentalist is also the first Australian to have a signature series guitar with Fender.
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, July 10
Tickets: $35-$82 at pacamp.com 
All Time Low and The Band Camino 
The Maryland-born pop-punk legends All Time Low are hitting the road for the Forever Tour, celebrating their 20th anniversary as a band. This tour marks a comeback after a brief hiatus in 2020. Fans can look forward to favorite hits as well as tracks from their 2023 album, “Tell Me I’m Alive.” The Band Camino will provide support.
When: 7 p.m. Friday, July 12.
Tickets: $43.99-$109.45 at pacamp.com.
Los Tucanes de Tijuana 
The iconic Mexican norteño group, Los Tucanes de Tijuana, will bring some regional Mexican heat to the stage with special guest Voz de Mando. The group recently performed an evening set at the multi-generational Latino Besame Mucho Festival at Dodger Stadium on Dec. 2.
When: 7:30 Sunday, July 14
Tickets: $50-$100 at pacamp.com.
Ziggy Marley 
Reggae artist Ziggy Marley returns to the Pacific Amphitheatre, following the release of his two new singles this year, “Drive” and a live recording of “Personal Revolution.” Marley will be supported by the funk band Lettuce.
When: 7 p.m. Thursday, July 18
Tickets: $35.30-$87.50 at pacamp.com.
Chris Young 
Country music star Chris Young will return to the venue, promoting his latest record, “Young Love & Saturday Nights,” released in March. Fans can also expect to hear hits like “Famous Friends” and “Gettin’ You Home.”
When: 6:30 p.m. Friday, July 19 $55-$100 at pacamp.com.
Tickets: $55-$100 at pacamp.com.
ABBA LA and Bee Gees Gold
Tribute bands ABBA LA and Bee Gees Gold return to perform “The Greatest Show That Never Was.”
When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday, July 20
Tickets: All orchestra and terrace seats are $22.50
Happy Together Tour 
2024 will mark the 15th year of the highly successful, hit-filled summer package, the Happy Together tour. The touring sensation that has thrilled audiences for over a decade, returns this summer with a show full of chart-topping hits from the ’60s and ’70s – featuring dozens of Billboard top 40 smashes.
When: 8 p.m. Sunday, July 21
Tickets: $25-$135
Cannons
The indie-pop group Cannons is out on its North American tour and will have support for Quinn XCII.
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, July 24
Tickets: $53-$98
Keyshia Cole
The R&B and soulstress Keyshia Cole, known for heart-wrenching ballads like “Love” and “Let It Go,” will take the stage. She’ll have support from Joe and Eric Bellinger.
When: 7 p.m. Thursday, July 24
Tickets: $60-$148
UB40 featuring Ali Campbell and The English Beat
Two iconic British 80s bands unite for a night filled with reggae, pop, soul and punk as UB40 and The English Beat both play for a co-headlining show.
When: 7:30 p.m. Friday, July 26
Tickets: $38-$81
Sublime With Rome 
Catch Sublime with Rome’s Farewell Tour as they bring their decade-plus run to a close. This show, along with a few remaining set for the tour’s end, celebrates the end of a special era and commemorates music, memories, and fun times. The group will have support from Fortunate Youth.
When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday, July 27
Tickets: $44-$77
-X-
The punk-rock group X will take over with support from Reverend Horton Heat and Jonny Two Bags.
When: 7 p.m. Sunday, July 28
Tickets: $32-$76
Kool & The Gang 
Kool & The Gang will keep things funky with hits “Celebration” and “Get Down On It,” with support from Morris Day & The Time.
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, July 31
Tickets: $30 -$97
Stray Cats 
Pacific Amphitheatre will bring back The Stray Cats for a pair of post-OC Fair shows with The English Beat.
When: 6 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 1 and Friday Aug. 2
Tickets: $40-$137
The Fab Four 
The Fab Four returns to the Pacific Amphitheatre with their note-for-note live renditions of Beatles’ classics such as “Can’t Buy Me Love,” “Yesterday,” “Here Comes the Sun,” and “Hey Jude.”
Opening for The Fab Four is the Monkee Men, who perform an amazing tribute to The Monkees performing hits including “Last Train To Clarksville,” “Daydream Believer” and “Pleasant Valley Sunday.”
When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 3
Tickets: $25-$40
Brett Young 
Country-pop artist Brett Young is out on tour following his support on Sam Hunt’s tour, Young is set to play tracks from his latest 2023 record “Across The Sheets.” Opening for Young is country-pop star MacKenzie Porter.
When: 7:30 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 4
Tickets: $55-$93
Walker Hayes 
Chart-topping Southern star Walker Hayes is bringing country vibes with singer-songwriter Kylie Morgan.
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday Aug. 7
Tickets: $44-$110
Rebelution
Isla Vista-based reggae rock band Rebelution will headline the Costa Mesa venue for four evenings while out on its Good Vibes Cali Tour. The band will play Aug. 8-11 with special guests Kolohe Kai, Matisyahu, Cydeways and DJ Mackle.
When: 5 p.m. Aug. 8-11
Tickets: $44-$205
Chris Lane 
Country music singer and songerwiter Chris Lane is taking the stage in support of his newest record out this summer “From Where I’m Sippin’.”
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, August 14
Tickets: $26-$77
Rick Springfield and Richard Marx
Rick Springfield and Richard Marx will be co-headlining an acoustic performance of their greatest hits.
When: 8 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 15
Tickets: $31-$82
Alice Cooper 
Alice Cooper is celebrated for his theatrical concerts of the ‘70s, ramping up the gore in metal and rock. The Alice Cooper band blended catchy hooks with a metallic edge that would find its way into genres from glam to punk and metal.
Show: 8:15 p.m. Friday, August 16
Tickets: $41-$628
The Aquabats
Punk rock superheroes The Aquabats are bringing their energetic and quirky performance to the Pacific Amphitheatre, along with ska-punk bands Sweet and Tender Hooligans and The Aggrolites.
When: 6:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 17
Tickets: $29-$51
Trevor Noah 
Renowned comedian and former host of “The Daily Show,” Trevor Noah, will deliver his sharp wit and insightful humor at the Pacific Amphitheatre.
When: 8 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 18
Tickets: $54-$340
Squeeze / Boy George
Iconic new wave band Squeeze and pop legend Boy George are set to deliver a night of nostalgic hits and captivating performances.
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 21
Tickets: $55-$400
NEEDTOBREATHE / JOHNNYSWIM 
Rock band NEEDTOBREATHE, known for their powerful live shows, will be joined by the soulful duo JOHNNYSWIM for an unforgettable night.
When: 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 22
Tickets: $35-$88
Iration and Pepper 
Reggae rock bands Iration and Pepper, along with DENM and Arktal Sound System, promise a weekend of laid-back grooves and good vibes.
When: 5:30 p.m. Friday, Aug. 23 & Saturday, Aug. 24
Tickets: $31-$291
Paquita La Del Barrio
Beloved Mexican singer Paquita La Del Barrio, accompanied by Lupita Infante, Flor de Toloache, and Jacqie Rivera, will fill the night with her passionate ranchera music.
When: 6 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 25
Tickets: $52-$96
311 / AWOLNATION / Neon Trees 
Alternative rock band 311, along with AWOLNATION and Neon Trees, will deliver an electrifying night of music and energy.
When: 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 27
Tickets: $52-$85
Big Time Rush 
Pop sensation Big Time Rush, supported by Crash Adams, will bring their infectious cult favorite tracks to the stage.
When: 7:30 p.m. Friday, Aug. 30
Tickets: $52-$115
Counting Crows 
Rock band Counting Crows, along with Toad the Wet Sprocket, will perform a mix of classic hits and new favorites.
When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 31
Tickets: $49-$99
Steel Pulse 
Legendary reggae band Steel Pulse, joined by The Green as well as Sammy J, will bring their uplifting rhythms to the Pacific Amphitheatre.
When: 6 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 1
Tickets: $41-$74
John Fogerty
Rock icon John Fogerty of Creedence Clearwater Revival will play all the timeless hits from his extensive career with special guest Hearty Har.
 When: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 3
Tickets: $55-$273
Bonnie Raitt
Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Bonnie Raitt will offer an evening of soulful music and exceptional guitar work. The show will certainly give fans somethin’ to talk about. Opening for Raitt will be James Hunter.
When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 14
Tickets: $60-$71
SEE ALSO: OC Fair: Here are the quirky new food options coming in 2024
Tickets for all shows start at $13.42-$27.75. Tickets are now available at ocfair.com/thehangar
Friday, July 19
Start Making Sense: The Talking Heads tribute. The 10-piece tribute band will play hits like “Psycho Killer,” “This Must Be The Place” and “Burning Down The House.”
Saturday, July 20
Hollywood U2: Based in Los Angeles, Hollywood U2 was founded by lead singer Joe Hier in 2003. Considered the world’s greatest U2 tribute band, they’ve recently played for the US Marines in Japan.
Sunday, July 21
One More Night: Phil Collins and Genesis Tribute. One More Night’s performances are a heartfelt homage to the songs of Phil Collins and Genesis. The band brings hybrid versions that capture the essence of the studio releases along with the magic of live renditions, creating an experience that is both familiar and fresh.
Wednesday, July 24
Dead Man’s Party: An Oingo Boingo and Danny Elfman tribute playing hits like “Only a Lad,” “Weird Science” and more.
Thursday, July 25
Ticket to the Moon: Electric Light Orchestra Tribute. Known as one of the best ELO tribute groups, fans will be pleased to hear “Mr. Blue Sky” and “Don’t Bring Me Down.”
Friday, July 26
Red Corvette: A tribute to the music icon Prince as they play almost four decades worth of music.
Saturday, July 27
Atomic Punks: The Tribute to Early Van Halen. In the heart of Pasadena, California, where the iconic Van Halen first ignited their rise to stardom, a tribute band emerged that would come to embody the very nature of the legendary rock group’s early years.
Sunday, July 28
24K Magic: A tribute to Bruno Mars. The funk group will dive into Mars’ catalog of hits like “Uptown Funk” and “That’s What I Like.”
Wednesday, July 31
Elton: The Early Years. Kenny Metcalf recreates Elton John’s eccentric fits and dynamic stage presence while performing all the early hits.
Thursday, Aug. 1
Don’t Look Back: The Boston Experience. The tribute band will sing all of Boston’s greatest hits.
Friday, Aug. 2
Listen To The Music: A Tribue to the Doobie Brothers. The tribute group meticulously reproduces each and every hit song to give audiences a true experience of seeing and hearing the Doobie Brothers band perform live.
Saturday, Aug. 3
Live From Earth: Pat Benatar and Beyond. Live From Earth celebrates the music of rock legend and Rock & Roll Hall of Fame’s Pat Benatar.
Sunday, Aug. 4
Mariachi Sol de Mexico de Jose Hernandez. The mariachi band will serenade fans for the night to iconic mariachi tunes.
Aug. 7-8
Queen Nation: A tribute to the music of Queen. Vocalist Gregory Finsley channels his best Freddie Mercury while singing his way through Queen’s biggest hits from the ’70s and ’80s.
Friday, Aug. 9
No Duh: The Ultimate Tribute to No Doubt. This particular No Doubt tribute mixes the experience and energy of a live No Doubt concert with nostalgic visuals and styling. Fans can jam out to “Just A Girl” and “Hella Good.”
Saturday, Aug. 10
Which One’s Pink?: Pink Floyd tribute. A celebration of the 51st anniversary of “Dark Side of the Moon.”
Sunday, Aug. 11
I Am King: The Michael Jackson Experience. The top nationally touring tribute to “Michael Jackson…Live From Las Vegas” comes to Orange County.
Thursday, Aug. 14
The Long Run: Experience the Eagles. The live tribute experience pays homage to The Eagles’ greatest hits.
Friday, Aug. 15
Devotional: The Depeche Mode Experience. Covering songs from the band’s 15-record repertoire, such as “Enjoy The Silence” and “Personal Jesus.”
Saturday, Aug. 16
Twisted Gypsy: A tribute to the music of rock band Fleetwood Mac that’ll take fans back to the heyday of ’70s rock ‘n roll.
Sunday, Aug. 17
Zeppelin Live: A Led Zeppelin tribute act performing the greatest hits of the ’70s & ’80s.
Monday, Aug. 18
Tupua: The Spirit of Aloha. This show will showcase the best of Polynesian tunes and experiences. Witness the Samoan flaming fire knife dance, the rhythmic Tahitian drums, and the Tupua Hula Maidens with their hulas.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group