The song appeared on Gaga's 'The Fame Monster' album.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


Lady Gaga is sharing the love for the next generation of pop girls.

	The “Bad Romance” superstar commented on a TikTok from user @holdmygaga, in which a young Sabrina Carpenter is seen performing a cover of Gaga’s “Speechless,” off her 2009 album, The Fame Monster. In the clip, Carpenter, who looks about 11 or 12, belts out the lyrics with impressive vocal control and runs.

	“love this so much love her,” Gaga commented on the post, which you can watch here.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					






















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	It’s been an exciting summer for Lady Gaga, who performed at the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics in July before teaming up with Bruno Mars for a new collaboration, “Die With a Smile,” which arrived earlier this month. The Joker star and “Uptown Funk!” hitmaker gave “Die With a Smile” its live debut at Mars’ Aug. 15 concert at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles. For the show, he wore a cowboy hat, while Gaga again sported bee-hive hair akin to her look in the music video, maintaining the song’s retro feel.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Watching fans from all over the world celebrate this music has meant so much to me, to see the words of the song touch your heart and the video provoke this huge wave of dancing and fun is beautiful to watch and I’m so grateful,” she wrote on Instagram to thank fans for their support alongside a series of photos, in which Gaga is seen in her retro-style attire from the track’s accompanying music video. “Thank you thank you thank you for loving our song i love you for real and i hope the message of love we shared will continue to create special moments for you all in your lives—I know it does in mine every day. The power of music is big and your love of this song reminded me of that.”

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.