GameSpot may receive revenue from affiliate and advertising partnerships for sharing this content and from purchases through links.

Fortnite's newest throwback season will be all about the music.
By 
    Mark Delaney
   and 
    Phil Owen
   on November 1, 2024 at 6:00PM PDT
Fortnite Chapter 2 Remix kicks off on Saturday, and Epic Games finally revealed the new season on Friday night in an unusual way: with a Snoop Dogg concert in Times Square. It's only fitting for the man who is not only headlining Fortnite Festival Season 6, but who will also feature prominently in this new music-heavy retro season of battle royale.
As has long been rumored, Fortnite Chapter 5 is wrapping up with a sequel to last year's OG season. Chapter 2 Remix will, as the name implies, focus on Chapter 2--specifically the first few seasons. The season will run for just a month, ending on the evening of November 30, and will bring with it the Remix Pass. The Remix Pass is shorter than a normal battle pass at just 70 tiers, and it includes five skins that are remixes of existing skins from early Chapter 2. That's one more skin than last year's OG Pass included.
Each week of the Remix season will focus on a different artist. Week 1 is Snoop, Week 2 is Eminem--complete with a new skin inspired by his Houdini music video get-up, Week 3 is Ice Spice, and the fourth and final week will feature a tribute to the late Juice WRLD. Each week will come with themed locations and weapons in battle royale, and new item shop skins for each of the artists. And to top it all off, a cel-shaded Juice WRLD skin will be given out for free to anyone who logs in on the final day of the season, November 30, when the Remix finale event will go down.
Over in Fortnite Festival, Snoop Dogg is headlining a new Music Pass with a throwback cel-shaded skin, and he also has a bundle of item shop cosmetics as well. At 1,400 V-Bucks, this pass is cheaper than the previous Festival passes, but it still includes four jam tracks in addition to some Festival instruments. The tracks are:
The new season of Fortnite Festival will run until January 14.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Use your keyboard!
Log in to comment