A TikTok sign is displayed on its building in Culver City, California, on March 11, 2024.Damian Dovarganes | The Associated Press File
LOS ANGELES, CA — One of the most-watched new TV programs on Netflix this week centers on two Michigan-raised sisters whose social media-influencing fame took a dark turn when an alleged cult leader entered the picture.
“Dancing for the Devil: The 7M TikTok Cult” premiered late last month, rising this week to the No. 2 spot on the popular streaming service’s self-reported ranking of most-watched TV programs.
The 3-part limited series largely centers on Melanie Wilking, 25, and Miranda Derrick, 27, two siblings who the documentary identifies as Detroit natives.
Graduates of the Sterling Heights-based Warren Consolidated School of Performing Arts, the sisters first gained fame for dance routines they performed on their shared social media accounts, where they branded themselves as “The Wilking Sisters.” The duo also performed as members of the Detroit Pistons hip-hop dance team and appeared in music videos with pop stars such as Bruno Mars, Jason Derulo and Joe Jonas.
Over time, followers noticed Derrick no longer appeared in social media-uploaded videos with her younger sister. In 2022, Wilking and her parents uploaded a video on social media, announcing their fears Derrick was under the influence of a Los Angeles-based church-turned-talent management agency they likened to a cult.
At the time, Derrick largely cut off contact with her family per direction of the agency’s chief executive officer, Robert Shinn, the family alleged in the documentary.
Additional interviews showed former acquaintances of Shinn — who also identified as a pastor of a church — accuse him of sexual abuse, which he has denied.
While Derrick later reconciled with her family, she remained linked to Shinn’s organization, 7M Films, the documentary stated.
In a statement uploaded to Instagram after the Netflix documentary was released, she called the series “a one-sided story.”
“I am just a woman trying to live my life,” Derrick wrote last week. “I am not a victim, I am not in any harm, I am not being abused.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices