By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:05, 30 July 2024   |  Updated:  12:38, 30 July 2024   
 12
View  comments
Eminem has been announced as the first headliner for the 2024 edition of MDLBEAST's Soundstorm festival.
The Detroit rapper, 51, will make his debut performance in Saudi Arabia as part of the Middle East's biggest music festival, which is set to take place from December 12 to 14.
It comes after MailOnline reported that Glastonbury bosses are trying to persuade Eminem to headline in 2025 after their 'worst ever festival'.
Also on the Soundstorm line-up is Thirty Seconds to Mars, Muse, Richie Hawtin and DJ Marco Carola - with many more acts to be announced in the coming months. 
More than 500,000 fans reportedly attended last year's event, which takes place on the outskirts of Riyadh, and had Metallica play the first major heavy metal concert in the country. 
Eminem has been announced as the first headliner for the 2024 edition of MDLBEAST's Soundstorm festival
The Detroit rapper, 51, will make his debut performance in Saudi Arabia as part of the Middle East's biggest music festival, which is set to take place from December 12 to 14
Performers also included David Guetta, Swedish House Mafia, 50 Cent, Will Smith, Chris Brown and many more across multiple stages.
Soundstorm 2022 was equally impressive with over 200 acts across seven stages, including Bruno Mars, Post Malone, Steve Aoki and DJ Khaled. 
Tickets for the fifth edition of Soundstorm are now available and start at 209 Saudi riyals (about £43) for a three-day pass. 
No doubt Eminem's UK fans will be thrilled to hear the rapper is taking on festival gigs outside of the States, as he is rumoured to perform at Glastonbury 2025.
Festival organisers hope to brush off jibes that this year's festival was the 'worst ever' by persuading rap sensation Eminem to headline next year.
Talks are already under way to persuade the American star to perform in 2025 after many of the 210,000 fans who attended last weekend's event slammed the 'dreadful' top-of-the bill acts Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA.
A festival source said: 'While many are putting a brave face on the fact that the festival wasn't exactly a success this year, they are already preparing for a bigger and better line-up next year.
Glastonbury is barely over but the bosses want Eminem – they hope he will be their saviour after so few people went to watch SZA. They have everything crossed that he will say yes.'
Eminem has already headlined UK festivals including Reading and Leeds in 2017 but has never played Glastonbury's main Pyramid stage.
Also on the line-up is Thirty Seconds to Mars (pictured), Muse, Richie Hawtin and DJ Marco Carola - with many more acts to be announced in the coming months
It comes after MailOnline reported that Glastonbury bosses are trying to persuade Eminem to headline in 2025 after 'worst ever festival'
Wrapping up Glastonbury was SZA's headline gig on Sunday night, but the performance was poorly attended and plagued by sound issues
Festival goers were particularly scathing about the choice of American singer SZA in the Sunday night slot filled by rock royalty Elton John last year.
Glastonbury co-organiser Emily Eavis, daughter of festival founder Michael Eavis, said of this year's line-up: 'I think it reflects what's happening in the music world at the moment. There aren't a lot of new rock acts to choose from if I'm honest.'
Eminem is in high demand after it was revealed he is the latest artist to receive a BRIT Billion Award after achieving a landmark seven billion UK streams on his songs.
The rapper's newly earned award celebrates his incredible feat amount of streams, which was calculated by the Official Charts Company.
Dubbed as one of the most iconic voices in rap music, the American star has made history, following the likes of Green Day, the Rolling Stones and Queen.
Eminem holds a UK chart record for the most consecutive Number 1s on the Official Albums Chart with 10 studio albums topping the Official Albums Chart in a row.
The award was given by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), which is the representative voice for the UK's world-leading record labels and music companies.
Eminem has been announced as the latest artist to receive a BRIT Billion Award after achieving a landmark seven billion UK streams on his songs (BPI)
His 12th studio album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) dropped on July 12 and shot to the top of the charts, marking his 11th No.1 Album in the UK
Last month, the hitmaker scored his 11th UK Number 1 single with Houdini, marking his first fully solo Number 1 since Toy Soldiers 19 years earlier in 2002.
His 12th studio album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) dropped on July 12 and shot to the top of the charts, marking his 11th No.1 Album in the UK .
With a staggering career total of seven billion UK streams, over 60 of Eminem's hits have been BRIT Certified, including 15 certified Multi-Platinum.
With a stream of timeless anthems, his top three most streamed hits - Without Me, Lose Yourself' and Love The Way You Lie featuring Rihanna - have accumulated over 770 million UK streams alone.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group