MILEY Cyrus is being sued for alleged copyright infringement over her 2023 Grammy-winning hit Flowers.
The pop star, 31, was named in a copyright infringement lawsuit for a allegedly copying Bruno Mars' 2013 hit When I Was Your Man.
Hitmaker Bruno, 38, is NOT suing Miley, but rather Tempo Music Investments, a company that claims to own a share of Bruno's track, reports TMZ.
They have accused the pop singer of "intentionally copying" Bruno's song When I Was Your Man in her female empowerment hit Flowers.
The investment company claims that Flowers has a similar melody and harmonies in the verses and chorus to Bruno's hit.
Plus it also says that the chord progression is similar to Bruno's song and alleges some of the song lyrics are similar to his track too, which was written by Mars with Philip Lawrence, Ari Levin and Andrew Wyatt.
In the documents, Tempo Music said the similarities of the songs “is undeniable based on the combination and number of similarities between the two recordings that Flowers would not exist without When I Was Your Man."
The investment firm is requesting damages from Miley, but it is not clear if a amount has been requested at this stage.
It is also requesting that Miley is barred from ever performing Flowers again, along with barring her from distributing Flowers, which could mean removing the track from her 2023 album Endless Summer Vacation.
The Sun have reached out to Miley and Bruno's representatives for comment.
Both artists enjoyed huge success with their their songs - with both tracks reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
When I Was Your Man was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards in 2014.
Flowers was also nominated for Song of the Year at the Grammys, but didn't win. 
It comes after Miley said she can’t stand the vapid world of celebrity.
And the popstar often dreams of turning her back on showbiz altogether.
Speaking frankly in her most candid chat in years, Miley said: “I’m not very active or very a part of my community of other artists and celebrities. It just doesn’t feel like my people but there’s some artists like Beyonce . . . We have known each other for a long time.
“When I was 15, I performed with her and Rihanna, these big beautiful women and I still had braces on the back of my teeth. Beyonce was so kind to me then. From seeing her then I have created an in-depth friendship and that kindness has not changed.”
Miley, who has sold 55million singles and 20million albums worldwide, says she dreams of being able to go back to living her life incognito, just like her character Hannah Montana in the Disney series that made her famous.
Instead, she finds herself constantly causing commotion as fans clamour for selfies.
On David Letterman's Netflix series My Next Guest Needs No Introduction, she explained: “My perfect life would be the synopsis of my TV show, it would be normal by day and a superstar by night.
"One of my wishes is to travel the world anonymously. To be able to walk down and experience cities that I have been to, but on tour. To be exactly who I am right now but to travel anonymously.”
It’s been a decade since Miley’s last world tour of her record Bangerz and despite fans begging for her to hit the road once more, she insists she has zero desire to do so.
Miley said: “I’ve toured, I’ve performed, I’ve been in stadiums my entire life, being isolated.
“Even as a baby, dad would bring me up and hold me up over the crowd.
“But shortly after lockdown, I performed in Mexico for 130,000 and it gave me a lot of anxiety.”
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/