MORE than 1,000 people turned out for this year's Light Up A Life switch-on for Wirral Hospice St John's at the weekend.


  Held in the hospice grounds on Sunday night and now in its 28th year, it was one of the few events that were not cancelled because of Storm Darragh.


  A hospice spokesperson told the Globe: "The storm threatened to blow the fundraising and refreshment marquees away on Saturday.


  "Thankfully, it went ahead and the clicker picked up over 1,500 people.


  "The whole campaign including sponsorship of lights and donations from the Light up a Life service will take us over £90,000 and there is still an opportunity to remember loved ones, for which any new dedications will be added to our Books of Honour by Christmas Eve".


Among those gathered to watch the light up a life switch-on at Wirral Hospice St John's on Sunday night (December 8) (Image: Craig Manning / Newsquest) During the event, Wirral Hospice Choir led the congregational carol singing - conducted by Amy Chalmers and Dionne Lammin - accompanied by Port Sunlight Lyceum Brass Band. Amy and Dionne also gave a performance of the song 'Angel'.


  Wirral Hospice St John's marketing and communications manager Billy Howard read a poem called Special times, that had been written by hospice volunteer Bill Collins, 


  The 10,000 lights were switched on by the family of art teacher Kate McMahon, who died from cancer.


During the event, Wirral Hospice Choir led the congregational carol singing - conducted by Amy Chalmers and Dionne Lammin - accompanied by Port Sunlight Lyceum Brass Band (Image: Craig Manning / Newsquest) Kate, who lived in Willaston, was cared for at the hospice and passed away in 2023. Husband George and their daughters Sophie, Emily and Megan.


  Before switching the lights on, George told the crowd: "I just want to say a massive thank you from me and the girls for inviting us here tonight.


Kate McMahon's husband George and their children Sophie, Emily and Megan performed the light up a life switch-on for Wirral Hospice St John's on Sunday night (December 8) (Image: Wirral Hospice St John's) "We can't thank this place enough, to be honest, the nursing team have been great to us. There's one special thank you that we'd like to give and that's to Annmarie, who has been great with the girls in the last 18 months, she really has".


  Kate and George met at the famous V Festival at Weston Park in Staffordshire in 2011.


  Bruno Mars was on the main stage that weekend and George can't confirm, or deny, that Bruno’s song Marry You became subliminally lodged in their minds.


  It may have because, in 2013, George and Kate were married.


  And the stars did align because another song of Bruno's, Just the Way You Are, was their wedding song.


  A year or so later, twins Sophie and Emily were born and, by 2016, baby Megan came along.


Kate McMahon pictured with husband George and their daughters Sophie, Emily and Megan - who performed the Light Up A Life switch-on in her memory at Wirral Hospice St John's on Sunday (December 8) (Image: Wirral Hospice St John's) Their family was complete although with young children it obviously meant less festival time for Kate and George.


  Their life proceeded normally as the girls grew to school age. There were family days out and holidays.


  It was during the pandemic when Kate, a secondary school art teacher by profession, began having back pain which was not being helped by painkillers.


  She was sent for X-Rays and it was on New Year's Eve 2020 that she received the news that there was a secondary cancer in her spine.


  Further tests revealed the primary diagnosis was lung cancer and it was at stage four. Devastating news, but Kate and George resolved to try and keep life as normal as possible for Sophie, Emily and Megan.


  Periods of chemotherapy and immunotherapy followed and Kate also volunteered to be part of a trial for a new drug treatment.


Among those gathered to watch the light up a life switch-on at Wirral Hospice St John's on Sunday night (December 8) (Image: Craig Manning / Newsquest) At the hospice, as an outpatient, appointments with Dr Richard Latten for symptom control and Dr Andy Jones for pain management helped Kate to live as well as possible with her illness. Complementary therapy massages also gave welcome respite and relief.


  After living with her cancer for two and a half years, Kate was to spend her final days on the hospice’s inpatient ward.


  George said Kate ha felt so well looked after at the hospice and the full team of doctors, nurses, healthcare assistant’s, caterers, cleaners and volunteers, were just magnificent.


  Kate passed away peacefully on May 22 last year.


  Their children, Sophie, Emily and Megan, have been attending activity-based sessions with the hospice's children and young person's practitioner, Annmarie, during Kate’s illness and since she died, to allow them sensitively and appropriately, the space to open-up about their own feelings.


One of the trees at Wirral Hospice St John's following the Light Up A Life switch-on Sunday night (December 8) (Image: Craig Manning / Newsquest) Praising the public's support for the switch-on for Wirral Hospice on Sunday night: Helen Brown, the chief executive of Wirral Hospice St John's, said: "Thank you very much for coming and for braving the elements and thanks to all the people who have made this happen.


  "This is the opportunity that we get to come together to remember our loved ones and those that are no longer here."


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.