Strictly Come Dancing enthusiasts expressed their dismay after professional dancer Lauren Oakley was not given a celebrity partner in this year's contest, particularly following her impressive performance last Saturday (November 2) for the show's 'Icons' themed week. The ballroom hosted the 10 remaining couples, with JLS's JB Gill dancing temporarily with Lauren due to his usual partner Amy Dowden being hospitalised the previous weekend.
During the show, Amy made an appearance in the Clauditorium to cheer on JB and Lauren, who performed a Couple’s Choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley, earning them a remarkable score of 39 from the judges. Post-judges' remarks, JB acknowledged: "Obviously it's a new partnership, but I've been able to focus on the dancing and just do Amy proud."
Lauren remarked: "I just wanted to make Amy proud and I hope we did. We had fun out there. I hope you had fun watching." For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter
Amy warmly thanked her stand-in, sharing: "I'm so grateful to you, Lauren," and then reminisced about her own childhood admiration for Lauren: "I came up to Lauren when I was eight years old at Blackpool Tower and she just danced and I told her I was her biggest fan," adding, "So thank you Lauren, thank you J[B]. I wish I could stay with you, you're amazing."
Despite Amy receiving plenty of encouragement from fans online, there was also a clear sentiment among viewers unhappy that Lauren hadn’t competed throughout the series, reports the Mirror.
On social media platform X, enthusiastic admirers expressed their opinions, with one stating: "Lauren should have been given a partner this year #strictly."
Another fan was highly complimentary, commenting: "JB and Lauren were AMAZING. But also. Lauren has to be one of the best female professionals on the show. She's so sharp. Just brilliant! #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly."
A third chimed in with urgency: "NEVER and I mean NEVER not give Lauren a partner again! Love her #strictly." Yet another supporter made a plea, saying: "Dear strictly. never bench Lauren Oakley again. thank you #strictly".
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.