It’s not just English singer and song writer Sophie Ellis-Bextor that enjoys a kitchen disco – nearly three quarters of Brits can’t help dancing in the house.
New research has revealed Brits are regulars at their very own kitchen clubs, with Murder on the Dancefloor topping the chart of tunes in houses across Britain closely followed by YMCA and Thriller.
Brits are dancing in the kitchen to a whole host of genres with pop reigning supreme for almost half (49%) of people, rock (32%), R&B (29%) and hip hop (25%) are also high on people’s playlists.
More than two fifths (42%) admitted when they hear ‘Murder on the Dancefloor’ by Sophie Ellis-Bextor it makes them want to dance.
ommissioned by LG Electronics to celebrate the launch of the LG InstaView™ with MoodUP™ refrigerator, half of Brits (50%) also say the kitchen has become the heart of the party, rivalling the living room.
Supercharging the kitchen disco diva behaviour, LG has teamed up with Kitchen Disco Queen, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, and Saltburn choreographer, Polly Bennett. To help inspire the nation to boost their mood, the duo shared their top dancing dos and don’ts and why the guilty pleasure is worth embracing with the perfect kitchen disco set-up in a new video.
Nearly half of the nation say dancing in the kitchen makes them happier (48%) and over a third (39%) say it helps boost their mood. Almost a quarter of people (24%) state dancing in their kitchen is their favourite guilty pleasure and 22% agree it is one lockdown trend that isn’t going anywhere.
The Top 10 tunes for kitchen dancing as selected by Brits include:
‘Murder on the Dancefloor’ by Sophie Ellis-Bextor (24%)
‘YMCA’ by Village people (23%)
‘Thriller’ by Michael Jackson (23%)
‘Happy’ by Pharrell Williams (22%)
‘Uptown Funk’ by Mark Ronson ft. Bruno Mars (20%)
‘Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)’ by Beyoncé (18%)
‘Shake it off’ by Taylor Swift (17%)
‘Can’t Stop the Feeling!’ by Justin Timberlake (15%)
‘Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)’ by Shakira (14%)
‘Shape of You’ by Ed Sheeran (14%)
Sophie Ellis-Bextor has created a bespoke playlist to get people moving in their kitchen this summer here. Speaking about partying in the kitchen, singer, author, and podcaster, Sophie Ellis-Bextor said: “Bringing energy to the kitchen is what life is all about – it inspired me and my family to start our kitchen discos during lockdown and we’ve kept the tradition going ever since.
“I love bopping around with my family to a good playlist, usually disco or pop music, it’s a sure-fire way to lift your mood and act as a catharsis.”
LG’s David Palmer said: “Life’s good when people can use the kitchen as a place to express their personal style, and the ability to personalise it depending on your mood is even better.”
Head to www.lg.com/uk/moodup for more information.
Would you like to get the best stories of the week directly in your inbox? Enter your details below to receive weekly updates and opportunities.
First name 
Email address *
 Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Mancunian Matters. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
© 1997-2025 Mancunian Matters. Built by Tigerfish
Fill in the MM
To be in with a chance to win a
Start Survey