By MOLLY CLAYTON SHOWBUSINESS CORRESPONDENT 
 Published:  16:16, 9 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:51, 10 September 2024   
 200
View  comments
Romeo Beckham, the second eldest of Posh and Becks' offspring, celebrated his 22nd birthday on Saturday night in the company of his famous family and friends.
The former footballer celebrated his special day at the swanky, newly-opened Ambassadors Clubhouse in Mayfair, London, alongside parents David, 49, and Victoria, 50.
Taking over the Punjabi-themed restaurant for the night, the 80-strong group transformed it into their own nightclub.
The dress code was high glamour as guests arrived in black tie and designer frocks. Romeo himself paired his suit with a diamond chain, two £4,250 Van Cleef bracelets, and an even more blingy diamond encrusted grill on his bottom teeth.
David was more subdued in a black turtleneck jumper with black blazer, while Victoria wore her own brand black tux - a favourite of hers - with a tight black corset beneath the £1,270 jacket.
Romeo Beckham, the second eldest of Posh and Becks' offspring, celebrated his 22nd birthday on Saturday night in the company of his famous family and friends
The former footballer celebrated his special day at the swanky, newly-opened Ambassadors Clubhouse in Mayfair, London, alongside parents David, 49, and Victoria, 50
Harper, 13, the youngest Beckham, was also in attendance, wearing a black maxi dress
Harper, 13, the youngest Beckham, was also in attendance, wearing a black maxi dress. 
Cruz Beckham, 19, brought his new girlfriend, Brazilian singer Jackie Apostel, who wore a long golden slip dress.
The venue suited the glamorous theme, all mirrored ceilings, plush velvet sofas, animal print drapes and dimly lit crystal chandeliers. 
A table for six people at the venue usually demands a £600 minimum spend and the cheapest bottle of champagne costs £96.
Clearly nothing was off limits for the birthday boy, though his cake was rather less opulent, consisting of a heap of different flavoured Krispy Kreme doughnuts, presented by his dad who also made a touching speech. 
As Romeo blew the 22 candles out, the song It’s My Birthday by rapper will.i.am played in the background.
The group sipped Belvedere Vodka cocktails all night and opened bottles of Mexican Tapatio Blanco tequila, while Hale Zero, a team of three DJs who have long been favourites of the Beckhams, oversaw the music for the night.
The British trio DJ’d at Victoria’s 50th birthday party in April, as well as at her party in Spain for the launch of her fashion collection with Mango.
The venue suited the glamorous theme, all mirrored ceilings, plush velvet sofas, animal print drapes and dimly lit crystal chandeliers
Romeo shared snaps with his friends and brothers Carl, Greg and Raf Haley who are behind Hale Zero, a bespoke music supervision and elite DJ service
He appeared to be having the time of his life as he larked around with his friends at the bash  
Other high-profile guests included TV and radio host Roman Kemp, 31, (pictured) a close friend of the family, young model Nathan Rosen, and fashion designer Rhuigi Villaseñor
His ex-girlfriend model Mia Regan (pictured last week), with whom he split in February this year after five years together, was nowhere to be seen, despite the pair saying they are still friends
They also performed at her Paris Fashion Week show and the launch party of the documentary series Beckham on Netflix.
Romeo’s friends, including former Brentford FC teammates Max Dickov, Roco Rees, Max Wilcox and Charlie Farr, plus the tattoo artist known as Certified Letter Boy, who has tattooed all three Beckham brothers, were there to help him celebrate.
Other high-profile guests included TV and radio host Roman Kemp, 31, a close friend of the family, young model Nathan Rosen, and fashion designer Rhuigi Villaseñor.
Romeo also posed for photos with footballer pal Mitchell Curry and chef Chris Baber.
His ex-girlfriend model Mia Regan, with whom he split in February this year after five years together, was nowhere to be seen, despite the pair saying they are still friends.
The Ambassadors Clubhouse opened just last week, with a launch party on Thursday attended by actress Fay Ripley, 58, her daughter Parker Lapaine, 21, and models Harry Tibble and Yasmin Mills.
Celebrating ‘classic Punjabi hospitality’, it is the latest offering from JKS Restaurants, founded by siblings Jyotin, Karam and Sunaina Sethi.
The trio owns several restaurants in London, including the two Michelin-starred Gymkhana in Marylebone, at which David and Brooklyn Beckham – who was notably absent from Romeo’s 22nd celebrations on Saturday – have often been spotted.
With private dining rooms that fit around 100 people, the Ambassadors Club also boasts nightclub Ambassy, an underground venue to which the Beckham entourage moved after dinner, leaving around 3am.
Saturday night was in fact the second of Romeo’s birthday celebrations. On his actual birthday, September 1st, the family toasted him on a night out in Las Vegas
Taking to Instagram last week to share a selection of highlights from a whirlwind trip to the US, David and Victoria showed the Beckham clan heading out for dinner at restaurant Komodo
A mortified Romeo covered his face with his hands with Victoria filming the moment on camera
Not long after they departed, the Beckhams discovered another reason to celebrate. In LA, the Emmy award ceremony was just beginning - with a win for David and director Fisher Stevens, in the category Outstanding Documentary or Non-fiction Series, for their Netflix four-parter Beckham, which aired last year.
David later facetimed Fisher Stevens from London, saying they’d ‘celebrate next week’.
Posting about the win this morning, Victoria said: ‘So proud of you @davidbeckham!! Congratulations to the entire team on this incredible award! Kisses xx’.
Saturday night was in fact the second of Romeo’s birthday celebrations. On his actual birthday, September 1st, the family toasted him on a night out in Las Vegas. 
Taking to Instagram last week to share a selection of highlights from a whirlwind trip to the US, David and Victoria showed the Beckham clan heading out for dinner at restaurant Komodo, where Romeo was presented with a lavish four tier cake after watching Bruno Mars perform in concert.
A mortified Romeo covered his face with his hands with Victoria filming the moment on camera. She wrote: ‘I’m not responsible for this cake fyi!’
Again, eldest son, Brooklyn, 25, did not join them on the trip since he is currently holidaying with wife Nicola Peltz, 29.
The Beckham clan shared a slew of snaps from their fun-filled trip to Sin City  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group