A lot of people look younger than they are these days, thanks to healthy living or cosmetic treatments.
However, one woman has left people completely stunned with her age – as they thought she was much younger.
The lady, known as Lily Gaby, looks 'around 20' according to people on social media. However, they were left stunned to find out that she's actually 40-years-old.
One of the woman's videos from her @lilygabyy TikTok account was shared on X by user @nicolephathole2 who couldn't believe the woman's ageless looks.
She wrote: "Found this woman’s TikTok she’s 40 years old!!! She looks 20, my heads gone."
The video saw Lily dressed in a skimpy black boob tube and cargo miniskirt as she danced to Bruno Mars song 'Leave The Door Open'.
Since being shared by Nicole on X, the post has racked up 330,000 views as well as hundreds of likes.
Many others were just as stunned about the woman's ageless looks, as one person exclaimed: "If she’s 40 I’m 19 not 29... wtfffff." While another added: "She's great." A third person chimed in: "Life begins at 40."
However, despite many agreeing with Nicole, others thought Lily looked her age. "She looks 40 cosplaying as a 20 year old," wrote one person. While someone else said: "She sure has rhythm of a 40 year old but she does look young." A third chimed in: "She looks 40 and that's fine."
Lily is regularly seen showing off her toned physique in skimpy ensembles as she shows off her dance moves on TikTok. This includes a recent video of her wiggling her hips in a blue bikini as she told followers she was 'embracing her 40th year'.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.