You won't want to miss this one. 
Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. Why Trust Us?
YOU COULD BE a diehard sports fan or really into music, but either way, the Super Bowl Halftime Show is one of the year's most exciting cultural moments. We wait a full year to find out who's playing the coveted slot, and then spend the winter rooting for our favorite NFL teams to see which will face off in America's biggest sporting event. 
While the halftime show isn't even that long–Forbes reports the entire performance lasts around 15 minutes–it's a fascinating attempt for some of the biggest artists to shrink their illustrious careers down into a short but powerful set, sometimes slotting in major surprises (like when Coldplay brought out Bruno Mars and Beyoncé for Super Bowl 50) or making big announcements (2023 saw Rihanna announce her second pregnancy during her Halftime performance). 
2024's Super Bowl LVIII will see Usher host the Halftime Show. With a discography full of instantly recognizable hits, many of which include notable features, the R&B and pop singer has a challenge ahead of him in choosing a worthy setlist. Even if you're not rooting for the San Francisco 49ers or the Kansas City Chiefs, you'll want to tune in for Usher's performance.
So, how do you watch the 2024 Super Bowl Halftime Show? Whether you have cable or only rely on various streaming platforms, there's multiple ways to watch the Super Bowl. Here's how you can tune in for Usher's Halftime show.
The Super Bowl Halftime Show will air sometime between 8 and 8:30 p.m. ET on Sunday, February 11. The Super Bowl will start at 6:30 p.m. ET.
If you have cable, you can watch the show live on CBS or Nickelodeon.
If you don't have cable, you can watch the show live via Paramount+. Subscribers of the platform can use the app to watch live CBS programming.
You can also watch live if you're a subscriber to another service that offers live programming, like YouTube TV, which offers streaming to CBS.
Watch the Super Bowl on Paramount+
Watch the Super Bowl on YouTube TV
The History Behind That ‘Thunderbolts*' Reveal
The Only Right Order to Watch the MCU Movies In 
10 Essential 'Thunderbolts' Comics for Marvel Fans
The ‘Thunderbolts*’ Credits Scenes, Explained
Yes, Joshua Jackson Is Really That Charming
The Best Star Wars Is Back With ‘Andor’ Season 2
‘The Studio’ Is 2025’s First Must-See Comedy
'Thunderbolts' Is a Throwback to Great MCU Movies
Exclusive First Look: Jensen Ackles's 'Countdown' 
The Story of the Coffee Beans in ‘The Last of Us'
‘The Last Of Us’ Jumps Forward for Season 2
Diego Luna Brings Andor Down to Earth
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.