Hats inspired by the now-popular catchphrase of the internet's newest viral sensation, the "Hawk Tuah" girl, is raking in thousands of dollars.
Jason Poteete of Fathead Threads, a Tennessee-based embroidery and apparel brand, reached out to Hailey Welch after her interview video went viral online. He told Rolling Stone that he had known Hailey for years and wanted to help her monetize her new-found popularity.
There are currently 14 available colors of the "Hawk Tuah '24" hats priced at $32.70 and special signed versions with a leather patch and Hailey's autograph (now sold out) for $50 each. Considering the price of the cheapest hat, they have already earned over $65,000 at the least.
RELATED :
Who Is Girthmasterr? OnlyFans Creator Goes Viral For His Massive Manhood And Paychecks
Idk if Haley Welch, the "Hawk Tuah" girl, was fired or not, but she cashed in more than $65k by doing a deal with a local Tennessee company "Fathead Threads" and selling hats as her merch.Crazy how internet virality can make some quick buck, and we still call crypto a scam pic.twitter.com/PCF56iBL4k
"Of course, she hasn't gotten a dime from the first viral video that went out. Nobody was asking permission for her to do nothing (sic), either. I just wanted her to get some profit off of this deal," he said, talking about why he partnered with the newest internet sensation.
Poteete, however, did not disclose the exact sales percentage Welch is receiving from their brand deal.
The sold-out "Hawk Tuah" girl merch only shows Hailey's viral catchphrase as she reportedly requested "not to share any personal details about her[self] or feature her face" on the merchandise
"There are some crazy people in the world who've reached out to her. She's probably one of the most well-known people in the world at this point. But I don't know if she's embraced it," Poteete told RS, saying Hailey is currently "overwhelmed" with the attention she is getting.
"It could be a blessing or a curse. She may be in the right place at the right time or the wrong place at the wrong time. [But] I think she'll do fine in the end."
RELATED :
Bruno Mars In His K-Pop Era? Lightsticks Sold At His Japan Concert
"She has a bubbly personality. She can be somewhat risque. You never know what she's gonna say. I just think the world needed a laugh, and she provided that," he added.
Hailey's unexpected popularity started when she was interviewed on the street by creator duo Tim and Dee TV on June 11, asking her, "What's one move in bed [that] makes a man go crazy every time?"
She confidently responded, "You gotta give 'em that 'hawk tuah' and spit on that thang!" while mimicking the spitting sound.