What Not to Wear alums Stacy London and Clinton Kelly are reuniting for show Wear Whatever The F You Want one year after ending their longstanding feud.
Stacy London and Clinton Kelly are back with a transformation of their own.
After putting an end to their long-standing feud, the former What Not to Wear cohosts are teaming up for a new fashion-forward project called Wear Whatever The F You Want.
The new reality show, which will be hosted and executive produced by the duo, will bring Stacy and Clinton back together for their first on-camera collaboration in over a decade. And just as their relationship has evolved, as did the nature of fashion and how they will approach style transformations in the show.
“The world has changed a lot since the run of What Not to Wear, and, thankfully, so have we. These days, we have zero interest in telling people what to do, based on society’s norms—because there are no more norms!,” Clinton and Stacy explained in their Aug. 26 press release. “However, style is still an important form of communication, and we’re excited to show new clients how to align their personal messaging with their life goals. It's time to celebrate individual style, not prescribe it.”
And it turns out that this show, which will debut with an eight-episode first season, has been in the works for years.  
“It’s happening!!! I’ve wanted to tell you guys about this for YEARS now,” Clinton, 55, captioned his Aug. 26 post sharing the news. “@stacylondonreal and I have joined forces again for a new show that is kinda like WNTW except NOT. It’s called Wear Whatever The F You Want and we’re gonna help people do exactly that! Can’t wait for you to see it!”
Stacy, also 55, meanwhile wrote in her own message to followers, “Casual news on a Monday. Mr Kelly and I can’t seem to stay away from each other.”
The news comes just one year after the duo, who cohosted their TLC show from 2003 to 2013, shared they had cleared the air after a longstanding feud.
Clinton first hinted at tension in his 2017 memoir I hate Everyone, Except You, writing that he “either adored her or despised her, and never anything in between.”
That same year, he posted on social media that he saw Stacy had blocked him, further elaborating on the situation on his show The Chew.
"It seems juicy but it really wasn't that juicy," he explained to his fellow The Chew panelists during a November 2017 episode. "The tea is there ain't no tea. I literally don't know whether she blocked me yesterday or a year ago or a month ago or by accident. Well, she could've unblocked me which she hasn't."
"I just wanna say that I've got nothing,” he continued. “I've got no beef with Stacy at all. So, if you ever wanna come back on The Chew, you're welcome to come on The Chew."
But it wasn’t until nearly six years later where he and Stacy were able to make peace. And it came down to a moment of clarity Stacy had about relationships in her life. And they revealed all the details during their first TV appearance together in 10 years.
"I had a moment in the shower where I was thinking about getting back to work, and I was like, 'I don't want to see this person. I don't want to see that person,'" Stacy told Today in September 2023. "And then I was like, 'Wait, what is the common denominator here? I am the one saying I don't want to see anybody, could I potentially be the problem?'"
"And I wrote a lot of letters—not just to Clinton—about apologizing for my behavior and recognizing my part in creating that environment," she continued. "You have to evolve. When you realize that you've done something wrong, all you can do is to do better."
Clinton and Stacy aren’t the only starts to become embroiled in a feud. Keep reading for more.
Tan France vs. Bobby Berk
Bobby (pictured second from left) addressed rumors of a falling out with Tan (middle) in January 2024, two months after he announced his exit from Queer Eye after eight seasons.
"I want people to know that Tan and I—we will be fine," he told Vanity Fair. "There was a situation, and that's between Tan and I, and it has nothing to do with the show. It was something personal that had been brewing—and nothing romantic, just to clarify that."
In March 2024, Tan responded to allegations that he had campaigned to replace Bobby on Queer Eye with his friend Jeremiah Brent.
"Netflix and the production companies did a full-on casting. I didn't put my friend up for the job. They ended up getting it because they were the best person for the job," he said on Instagram. "But I didn't get them hired by getting rid of somebody else."
Shannen Doherty vs. Alyssa Milano
Following years of rumors of a feud between the two, on a December 2023 episode of her podcast Let's Be Clear, Shannen's former Charmed costar Holly Marie Combs alleged that Alyssa had once made an ultimatum to a show producer to choose between herself and Shannen, which ultimately led to the latter leaving the show in 2001.
In February 2024, Alyssa said on Instagram, "I did not have the power to get anyone fired" and that "this was so long ago that any retelling of these stories from anyone is just revisionist history."
A day later, Shannen said at a panel event at MegaCon Orlando, "There is no revisionist history happening in the truth that I know we told."
Shannen passed away in July 2024 after a yearslong battle with cancer.
In September 2023, while playing a game called Stir the Pot with her daughter Kelly Osbourne on E! News, Sharon said the That '70s Show alum was the rudest celebrity she had ever met, branding him, a "rude, rude, rude, rude little boy" and a "dastardly little thing."
He did not respond to her remarks publicly.
Five years prior, Sharon told Larry King that when Ashton appeared on The Talk in 2014, he had an "attitude" after she got his name wrong.
"He goes, 'What are you, what have you done in this industry?'" she recalled. "And I was like, 'Kid, don't start with me, because I'm gonna eat you up and s--t you out.' So I was just like, 'You don't know what you're dealing with, kid.'"
In August 2022, Cassadee and Maren traded harsh words with Brittany, wife of fellow country star Jason Aldean, after she shared an Instagram Reel of herself applying makeup on Aug. 23, writing, "I'd really like to thank my parents for not changing my gender when I went through my tomboy phase. I love this girly life."
JoJo Siwa vs. Candace Cameron Bure
During a 2022 TikTok challenge, JoJo Siwa described Candace Cameron Bure as the "rudest" celebrity, later explaining that she felt snubbed when Bure once refused to take a picture with her on a red carpet. Shortly after the dig, however, the Full House alum apologized: "I kind of broke your 11-year-old heart. I didn't take a picture with you. Ugh! I feel crummy, I feel—JoJo, I'm so sorry."
The two made amends. But months later, Candace was asked if she expects the Great American Family network, of which she serves as chief creative officer, to feature same-sex couples as leads in holiday movies. She said no, adding, "I think that Great American Family will keep traditional marriage at the core."
JoJo, who came out as a member of the LGBTQ+ community in 2021, wrote on Instagram that the actress' comment is "rude and hurtful to a whole community of people."
Courtney Love vs. Olivia Rodrigo
Back in June 2021, Courtney Love accused Olivia Rodrigo of copying her band Hole's album cover for a promotional photo without giving credit. Olivia responded, "Love u and live through this sooooo much." Courtney then replied, "Olivia - you're welcome. My favorite florist is in Notting Hill, London! Dm me for deets! I look forward to reading your note [winking face emoji]."
During an appearance Watch What Happens Live, the Happy Days actor was asked why he didn't get along with the Forrest Gump star on the set of the 1989 flick Turner & Hooch.
"I was directing that movie for 13 days and then I was called into [producer] Jeff Katzenberg's office and he said, 'You have everything with you? Go home,'" he said.
Winkler did, however, seem to get along with Hanks' four-legged co-star. "I got along great, great with that dog," he said. "Love that dog."
He also refused to admit if he's even seen the flick. 
"You know what you did!"
Fans of The Hills will remember that iconic line, delivered by Lauren on the season three premiere. Their feud began when Heidi started dating her now-husband Spencer Pratt, and hit its peak when Lauren accused Heidi and Spencer of starting a rumor that she had made a sex tape with Jason Wahler.
Dwayne Johnson vs. Tyrese Gibson
The costars reignited their ongoing feud when Tyrese publicly called out Dwayne on Instagram after the Fast and Furious 9 release date was pushed back to April 2020. That same day, it was announced that a Fast and Furious spinoff starring Dwayne and Jason Statham would hit theaters in 2019. The following month, Tyrese threatened to quit Fast 9 if Dwayne was in the movie.
Tyrese then opened up about the feud, telling Van Lathan on The Red Pill podcast, "I have yet to talk to The Rock to this day, and we will have a conversation." He shared that he did have a conversation with the former wrestler's producing partner, but not the actor himself.
"I found myself being the messenger on behalf of various people associated to the franchise, but stupid me was the only one who went public about those feelings, which is my own fault," Tyrese said. "It's not professional, it's not cool."
No more bad blood here.
Taylor and Katy had been in a feud for years, even allegedly inspiring Taylor's song "Bad Blood." The drama, which reportedly started over a backup dancer and competing tours, came to an end after Perry sent Taylor a literal olive branch before her Reputation Tour kickoff.
"So I just got to my dressing room and found this actual olive branch," Taylor said in an Instagram video. "This mean so much."
Taylor captioned the video, "Thank you Katy."
Sex and the City costars Kim and SJP had dodged feud rumors for years. But they were reignited after Kim decided not to return for a third movie and made comments about her costar that raised eyebrows.
"What was your reaction to Kim Cattrall telling Piers Morgan that you were never friends just colleagues?" Andy Cohen asked SJP on a Sept. 2017 episode of Watch What Happens Live.
As she explained, "Just...heartbroken. I mean that whole week, you and I spoke about it because I was just...I don't know I found it really upsetting because that's, you know, that's not the way I recall our experience."
"So...it's sad but I'm kind of...I don't know, I always think that what ties us together is this singular experience is the thing. It was a professional experience but it became personal because it was years and years of our lives. So I'm hoping that that sort of eclipses anything that's been recently spoken," she continued. "That many years spent doing something so special that people had a connection with is such a privileged."
And though they didn't film scenes together, Kim did make a small appearance on And Just Like That.
The iconic singers have been feuding since 2004. While accepting the Classic Songwriter Award at the Q Awards that year, Elton said to attendees, "Madonna, best f--king live act? F--k off! Since when has lip-syncing been live? Sorry about that, but I think everyone who lip-syncs in public on stage, when you pay like 75 quid to see them, should be shot."
The former Grey's Anatomy star sparked a feud with the series creator in 2008 when she removed her name from the Emmy Awards consideration. The actress stated that her reason for the move was because she wasn't "given the material to warrant a nomination."
Shonda later opened up about Katherine's decision during an interview with Oprah Winfrey on Oprah's Next Chapter in 2012. "On some level it stung and on some level I was not surprised," she said. "When people show you who they are, believe them. I carry that [mantra] with me a lot. It has served me well."
It was the New York Fashion Week fight heard 'round the world when Nicki and Cardi got into a heated altercation at the Harper's Bazaar Icon party. The following month, Cardi opened up about the catalyst for the fight with Nicki.
"For a while now she's been taking a lot of shots at me," Cardi said in W magazine's Art Issue. "I spoke to her twice before, and we came to an understanding. But she kept it going."
The real spark of the fight came when Cardi saw that Nicki had allegedly liked and then unliked a tweet about Cardi's parenting skills, which Nicki has denied.
"I was going to make millions off my Bruno Mars tour, and I sacrificed that to stay with my daughter," Cardi continued. "I love my daughter. I'm a good-ass f--king mom. So for somebody that don't have a child to like that comment? So many people want to say that party wasn't the time or the place, but I'm not going to catch another artist in the grocery store or down the block."
Tension between Kanye and Taylor first started in 2009, when the "Stronger" rapper took the stage during her acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards. Years later, the two would make up and even become friends, but that came to an end in 2026 after the release of his song "Famous," in which he name-checks the "End Game" singer.
In February 2025, one day before the Grammys, Kanye updated his Instagram to follow only Taylor. He added no further comment, and the fellow musician did not respond publicly to the move.
"I don't know her."
It's been over 15 years since Mariah and J.Lo's "feud" has been going on. It all started when the Queen of Christmas was asked to give her opinion on several singers during an interview. When asked her opinion on Jennifer, she replied, "I don't know her."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.