By Nellie Andreeva 
Co-Editor-in-Chief, TV

Netflix is turning its first live football telecast into a Super Bowl-style affair by adding a music superstar to the lineup. Beyoncé will perform during the streamer’s first-ever NFL Christmas Gameday Dec. 25. Her set will take place during the second of Netflix’s two games, as the Houston Texans host the Baltimore Ravens at NRG Stadium at 4:30 PM ET.

	Beyoncé’s mini-concert in her hometown of Houston, Texas, produced by her company, Parkwood Entertainment and Jesse Collins Entertainment, represents the first live performance of songs from her album Cowboy Carter, which recently received 11 Grammy nominations. Artists featured on the album are expected to make appearances alongside her.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Rian Johnson "Obviously" Doesn't Agree With Ted Sarandos, Says Cinemas Are "Not Going Anywhere"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Julia Garner Poised To Star In & EP Netflix Limited Series About FTX Scam From Graham Moore & Higher Ground		
			







	This marks a power move by the newcomer to the NFL football TV game as Netflix is putting the incumbents on notice with a production to rival a Super Bowl.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Beyoncé has that experience — she has performed during the halftimes at two Super Bowl games. She headlined Super Bowl XLVII on February 3, 2013, in New Orleans, Louisiana, and was joined onstage by Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, her bandmates in Destiny’s Child. For Super Bowl XV, on February 7, 2016, she joined Coldplay and Bruno Mars in Santa Clara, California.

	Netflix made a two-year deal with the NFL for Christmas telecasts in 2025 and 2026. The first game this year, Kansas City Chiefs vs. Pittsburgh Steelers, starts at 1 PM ET. Per NFL holiday tradition, the Netflix Christmas Day games will air on broadcast TV in the competing team cities and be available on U.S. mobile devices with NFL+.

	In the run-up to the live football games, Netflix on Friday carried the boxing match between Mike Tyson and Jake Paul in a telecast plagued by sound and streaming glitches.

	Beyoncé previously did the 2019 film Homecoming for Netflix and reportedly signed a multi-project deal with the streamer.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.