Manage your account
Gov. Wes Moore, first lady Dawn Moore and Baltimore Mayor Brandon Scott announced the creation of a new weeks-long festival designed to draw more attention to the Preakness Stakes as the state and city prepare to host the second jewel of the Triple Crown for its final turn around the current version of Pimlico Race Course.
The biggest event on Baltimore’s spring calendar has lost money in recent years as crowds have dwindled from an average of more than 100,000 in the decade before the coronavirus pandemic to 63,423 on Friday and Saturday last May. Young people have turned away from thoroughbred racing and the signature event, despite the presence of headlining musical acts such as Bruno Mars in 2023 and Jack Harlow in 2024.
Moore and Scott hope to turn the tide leading up to the 150th running of the race on May 17.
“Preakness is a chance for Baltimore to show off,” the governor said at a presentation Wednesday on the sixth floor of the warehouse at Camden Yards. “And that’s what’s going to happen with Preakness 150.”
Asked if the new festival could bolster the signature race’s profitability, Moore said: “Part of the idea and part of the plan around this is what does the entire rebuild not just symbolize, but what can it generate? … So part of the entire focus we have around the Pimlico plan is not just that we want to have 365 [days of] horse racing, not just about that we want to make sure we’re investing in Park Heights and the surrounding communities, but also that we’re doing something that will be financially accretive to the state as well.”
Shortly after next year’s race, bulldozers and wrecking balls will begin demolishing the dilapidated facility as part of a $400 million rebuild expected to have a new Pimlico ready to host the Preakness by 2027. The refurbished track, in tandem with a new off-site training facility, is expected to become the headquarters for Maryland thoroughbred racing by the end of that year.
Wednesday’s presentation was short on specifics, with festival organizers saying only that the build to the Preakness will last for months and that a list of events — including free and ticketed cultural gatherings, arts activities and a headline concert — will be released in early 2025.
But the co-chairs of the initiative are heavy hitters, from the first lady to Orioles owner David Rubenstein to Stronach Group CEO Belinda Stronach, whose Canadian company still owns the Preakness despite having sold Pimlico to the state earlier this year.
They said its events will “deliver experiences that equitably enhance economic growth, promote tourism and inspire civic pride through collaborative work with small-, minority-, women- and veteran-owned businesses.”
Dawn Moore said the seed of the idea hit her after she and her husband visited the Kentucky Derby two years ago and recognized that the parties and community events leading up to the first jewel of the Triple Crown take over Louisville for weeks leading up to the actual race.
Show Caption1 of 8
Dec 11, 2024: Baltimore City Mayor Brandon Scott speaks at a media event at the Warehouse at Camden Yards previewing plans for the 150th running of the Preakness Stakes, a Preakness Festival and future plans for Pimlico Race Course and the Park Heights community. Listening are Maryland First Lady Dawn Moore, Governor Wes Moore and David Rubenstein, owner of the Baltimore Orioles. (Kim Hairston/Staff)
Expand
“We could do it better,” she recalled telling the governor.
“Well, go do it then,” she remembered him responding.
One of the festival’s other co-chairs, Stella May Contracting chief financial officer Christian Johansson, noted that the Derby generated $396 million in economic impact for Kentucky in 2023 while the most recent study on the Preakness showed it generated just $41 million for Maryland.
“The main reason is the Derby isn’t one or two days,” Johansson said. “Maryland historically has not fully captured the economic impact the Preakness could have.”
Rubenstein donated to supplement funds from the Maryland Lottery’s major events fund to help get the new festival off the ground.
The Orioles owner said he was dining with the Moores when the first lady ran the play by him. “That’s a pretty clever idea,” Rubenstein recalled thinking. “How come nobody else thought of that before?”
He noted that he grew up a mile from Pimlico but never visited the track as a child because he wasn’t old enough. He promised to be there to celebrate the winner in 2025.
Sports |   Orioles lose 7 prospects in Rule 5 draft, including pitcher Juan Nuñez 
Sports |   Army-Navy Game 2024 betting guide: Picks, predictions and odds 
Sports |   2025 Maryland football schedule is set after Big Ten reveals slate 
Sports |   Scott Boras says Orioles have been more aggressive under owner David Rubenstein 
Sports |   Army-Navy Game 2024: Commanders, Washington region ‘thrilled’ to land rivalry 
Scott grew up even closer, in Park Heights, but recalled not feeling welcome at the Preakness, which he did not attend until 2019. He said tha this new initiative is about forging deeper connections between the event and the community around it.
He and Moore noted that the Pimlico rebuild project includes $10 million for affordable housing and job creation in surrounding neighborhoods and that the festival will play off that mission.
“We want to show the world the real and true Baltimore,” the mayor said. “One that is resilient, fun and on the rise, one that is the home of excellence but in particular, this Old Bay-sprinkled Black excellence.
“That’s not what Preakness has always been. It hasn’t always been a place where we felt welcome. It was held in Northwest Baltimore, but it was very clear that it wasn’t for Northwest Baltimore. But over the past few years … we’ve begun to change that narrative.”
Have a news tip? Contact Childs Walker at daviwalker@baltsun.com, 410-332-6893 and x.com/ChildsWalker.