Home   News   Article
It’s the most wonderful time of the year…
And what better way to get that warm festive glow than to enjoy Newtonmore singing sensation Michael Lewis singing the Perry Como classic It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas?
It has been an amazing 12 months for the teenager since taking to the stage at Kingussie High School’s Christmas concert and stunning the audience with that voice.
The sixth form pupil has not looked back since belting out Nina Simone’s Feeling Good in front of wowed staff and pupils.
Michael said: “I had not really performed before then - I had done a few things when I was younger but this was the first time singing in front of a full audience.
“It was an amazing feeling as all of my friends were there. It was great to see them support me.
“I was really nervous before taking to the stage and actually did not think I was going to be able to do it.
“My music teacher had to push me to do it because I was so anxious.
“I knew there was going to be a huge crowd but once I got onto the stage I could not actually see any of the audience because the lights were so bright so my nerves faded after that.”
Michael, now 17, said he had been able to sing from a young age but really discovered his voice last year.
He said: “It was only when I took music as a subject that I realised that I could sing. I did not expect it to be something that I could do but as things have gone along I have sang more and improved a wee bit.”
Clearly Michael is very modest of his huge talent which has since seen him perform at the north’s biggest music festival Belladrum and the Inverness Highland Games - where his voice gained exposure to a bigger regional audience.
“Belladrum was definitely one of the biggest highlights - it was my first time performing at a music festival. It was amazing,” he said.
“The Highland Games were great too and I have been down to Sunderland to sing at the opening of a new events venue in the city.”
And Michael revealed: “Luckily, I have been asked to go back to the next Belladrum so I am really looking forward to that.”
By now most music lovers in the region will have heard Michael’s voice but for those who have not, how would he describe his style?
“I sing mostly jazz and swing music - some people would call me a crooner. I have a deeper voice - not as high as someone like Bruno Mars - and it’s been described as rich.
“I am an older time classical kind of singer.
“More recently I have been trying different kinds of music and I have done a wee bit of pop.”
Elvis, Michael Buble and an Icelandic singer Laufey are now on his hit list.
Michael said: “Laufey does a mix of jazz and pop music. I enjoy her music as well and is it something which is a bit of a contrast to what I normally perform.”
For now, he intends to keep on combining his studies at Kingussie High School with progressing his musical career.
Part of that will include going international when he is set to perform next summer with the Saskatoon Symphony Orchestra in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Orchestra leader Mark Turner and his team are writing a full score for the youngster after talent spotting Michael online.
He said: “I was asked by Mark to go over in July and perform with them at some jazz festivals they have lined up and they have also talked about doing a show with me.
“We are in the planning for that next year which is really exciting.”
Michael has said his dream venue to perform at would be at New York’s Madison Square Garden.
“I’ve seen a few videos of people singing there especially Sinatra and I love the centre stage they have there with all the audience around you.
“I’d love to sing there and I have tried to envisage myself performing there.”
Many think that the youngster must have been inspired by Ol’ Blue Eyes growing up but Michael said: “Of course I had heard of him but it was only the start of 2023 that I started listening to him.
“His music automatically clicked with me - I love his style and watching videos of him performing in concert.”
As for the immediate future, he said: “I’ll just see what happens in the next coming months. I might even have to get a wee part time job!”
Michael hails from Cumbernauld but moved to the Highlands three years ago and lives in the Badenoch village where he has close family - the Coyle family known to many through the popular Balavil Hotel and talented shinty youngsters Joe and James - the singer’s cousins.
“I’ve always had close ties up here and love living here. I do not think I would have started singing if it had not been for moving here.”
Michael has been supported by MacGregor’s Bar in Inverness - where he is a regular performer - and owners Jo de Silva and her husband the renowned musician Bruce MacGregor.
Jo revealed that Britain’s Got Talent have been in touch to showcase Michael’s voice on the hit ITV show but this has been put on the backburner for now.
Michael is performing at MacGregor's on Hogmanay and no doubt another of his favourite songs Cry Me a River will be on the list along with some seasonal favourites.