Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 This evening on BBC's The One Show, presenters Anita Rani and Alex Scott welcomed Strictly Come Dancing 2024 contestants Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec. 
 Tasha, a Love Island star, and professional dancer Aljaz have consistently impressed BBC viewers with their exceptional partnership and skills, delivering a string of breathtaking performances. 
During their conversation on the sofa, Tasha discussed her courageous decision to share her experience with online abuse and bullying, which preceded a show-stopping routine that left audiences deeply moved.
Anita and Alex briefly interrupted the interview to reveal that they had contacted Tasha's proud parents, who had sent in a heartfelt video message that brought Tasha to tears, reports the Mirror.
In the video, Tasha's mum said: "The dance on Saturday was just absolutely amazing. I'm kind of lost for words. It was moving, it was powerful and it was so meaningful. And it meant so much to you and so much to us. "I'm probably going to start crying again," she admitted, before adding: "Well done, we love you so much." The star's dad went on to say: "Tash, I was already full of pride the second you were born and you keep piling it on. The overflow is now tears. "With or without disabilities, people can often feel in a dark place. And your performance resonated with so many people for different reasons."Your passion for helping others is admirable. You have a very, very special heart. Never change, darling. We all love you, Princess and, Aljaz, thanks for everything." 
The camera then cut back to Tasha, who was holding back tears in the studio. She admitted: "They always make me cry. Every single time I see my parents get emotional, it just makes me emotional."
Over the weekend, Tasha and Aljaz pulled off another incredible performance, coming joint-first on the leaderboard with 39 points alongside JB Gill and Lauren Oakley, who has taken over from his first professional partner Amy Dowden following a backstage injury.
Tasha impressed viewers with her latest Couple’s Choice dance to What About Us by P!nk, while JB Gill also delivered a memorable Couple’s Choice routine to a Bruno Mars Medley.
Meanwhile, it was Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystał who came bottom of the leaderboard with just 22 points.
In joint ninth place were Sam Quek and her partner Nikita Kuzmin, and Chris McCausland and his partner Dianne Buswell, who got 29 points.
However, Pete avoided the bottom two, proving just how popular he must be with the public.
Instead, it was Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe, who came in joint fourth place with 35 points, who faced off against Sam and Nikita.
This resulted in the latter pair being eliminated, with Sam admitting she felt “gutted” she had gone home so soon.
Also joining The One Show hosts Anita and Alex tonight was The Office and Pirates of the Caribbean actor Mackenzie Crook.
The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
Strictly Come Dancing returns this Saturday at 6.35pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
OK! Strictly Come Dancing glossy magazine - This year Strictly Come Dancing celebrated 20 years of being the nation's favourite show. Relive the most iconic moments over two decades. Click here to buy.