ARIZONA NEWS
Jun 27, 2024, 10:00 AM
Anderson .Paak is coming to Phoenix on on Sept. 27, 2024. (Photo by Erika Goldring/Getty Images for Expedia)
(Photo by Erika Goldring/Getty Images for Expedia)
BY KEVIN STONE
KTAR.com
PHOENIX – Multitalented Grammy Award-winning performer Anderson .Paak is coming to Phoenix this fall as part of his 15-city “Malibu Tour.”
The acclaimed rapper and singer will play “Malibu,” his classic second album, in its entirety at Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre on Sept. 27. Special guests Maurice Brown and GAWD will open the show.
Presales are underway, and tickets go on sale to the general public at 9 a.m. Friday.
.Paak has crafted a career that includes credits as a producer, songwriter, artist and director. He also started playing vinyl DJ sets as DJ Pee .Wee in 2022.
“Malibu” earned .Paak his first two Grammy nominations after its 2016 release. He won his first Grammy two years later when “Bubblin” was cited for best rap performance.
His Grammy total is now up to eight, including record of the year and best R&B performance for “Leave the Door Open,” a 2021 single from his Silk Sonic project with Bruno Mars.
.Paak has rarely performed in Arizona, according to setlist.fm, which lists just two previous shows in the state, most recently at FORM Arcosanti 2019.
Follow @kstonezone
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
Payne Moses

                                            Self-screenings for HPV are now being offered at Sonora Quest Laboratories in Arizona, the medical company announced on Tuesday.                                        
53 minutes ago
KTAR.com

                                            Authorities canceled a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Phoenix woman with a cognitive condition who went missing on Wednesday.                                         
3 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Scottsdale private golf course Desert Highlands was closed on Monday due to a major restoration project. It is expected to reopen for play in November.                                        
3 hours ago
Bailey Leasure

                                            A suspect was arrested Saturday morning in connection with a Mesa shooting in April that left one man dead, authorities said.                                        
5 hours ago
Kevin Stone

                                            Crews continue to increase containment of the Stronghold Fire in southern Arizona, authorities said.                                        
6 hours ago
Angela Gonzales/Phoenix Business Journal

                                            MDF Development plans to build a 15,000-square-foot private gated compound in Paradise Valley and sell it for $30 million.                                        
8 hours ago

                                Collins Comfort Masters                            

                                As the chill of winter fades and the warmth of spring approaches, it's the perfect time to ensure your AC system is ready for the changing season.                            

                                Earnhardt Auto Centers                            

                                Earnhardt Genesis of Gilbert may have a new name and location, but the same quality service and selection remain at Genesis of Chandler.                            

                                Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax                            

                                As your plan out your retirement plan, asking the right questions with your retirement planner will give you a better understanding on how to map out your plan.