SINGAPORE — Chart-topping sensation Bruno Mars is gearing up for not one but two spectacular nights in Singapore. After tickets to the first show on 5 April at the National Stadium quickly sold out, the Grammy award-winning artist has added a second show on 6 April to his Singapore gig.
Live Nation Singapore made the announcement on Instagram on Friday (19 Jan), saying the second concert was added "due to incredible demand".
The Grammy award winner's return to the Lion City will be his first performance in the country for almost six years, as well as his first in the 55,000-seater National Stadium.
Mars isn't the only international act that will rock Singapore. The schedule of performances is getting long, which includes "mother", who is set to grace our sunny island with her presence in March.
     View this post on Instagram      
A post shared by Live Nation SG (@livenationsg)
Presale will commence for Live Nation members on 19 January from 11am until 11.59pm. Public tickets will go on sale via Ticketmaster.sg on 20 January at 11am. Ticket prices range from $108 to $598.
Tickets to his previous concert sold mere hours after the sale began. The "Just The Way You Are" and "24K Magic" singer last performed in Singapore in 2018 for two nights as part of his "24K Magic World Tour".
Prior to that, Mars also brought his international blockbuster "Moonshine Jungle World Tour" to Singapore in 2014. Both tours were at the Singapore Indoor Stadium.
Mars also kicked off the new year with “The One & Only Night” concert at the MGM in Macau on 6 January. The 15-time Grammy winner's global tour includes stops in Tokyo, Bangkok and Las Vegas, among others.
(Updated with details for the additional show.)
Do you have a story tip? Email: sgnews.tips@yahooinc.com.
You can also follow us on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Twitter. Also check out our Southeast Asia, Food, and Gaming channels on YouTube.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Singapore's People's Action Party won its 14th successive election on Saturday to extend its unbroken six-decade rule, delivering a strong mandate to its new premier as the city-state braces for economic turbulence from a global trade war.  The PAP, which has ruled since before Singapore's 1965 independence, won 87 of the 97 parliamentary seats up for grabs, with victories by huge margins in many of the 33 constituencies as the opposition failed to extend gains in previous contests.  The election was a bellwether of the popularity of the PAP amid some signs of disenchantment with its tight grip on power in the Asian financial hub, whose six million people have known no other kind of government.
President’s post comes days after he joked ‘I’d like to be Pope... that would be my number one choice’
Former first lady Michelle Obama has emerged more outspoken than ever about her marriage.
The 99-year-old ex-Prime Minister dished about the disruptive U.S. President, Vladimir Putin, and global affairs, in an exclusive interview.
Every country that owns a significant amount of Treasury debt has the option to sell it to push back against President Donald Trump’s tariff policies.  Japan just happened to say it out loud.  “It does exist as a card,” said Japanese Finance Minister Katsunobu Kato, when asked in a Friday television interview if the country’s current commitment not to sell U.S. Treasuries could be used as a negotiation tool in trade talks.
The model is getting a head start on her tan before the warmer months officially hit
Guide to Singapore's General Election 2025 (GE2025): When will Singapore General Election results be out? And more.
The US government said it will no longer ‘fly around the world at the drop of a hat’ for meetings
Xi might find, to his surprise, that Americans can do — for a while — without Barbie. And that U.S. companies are more capable of leaving China than he expects.
Chronic high blood sugar is linked to metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Doris Au, a seller of door locks and hardware in Hong Kong for 25 years, received a letter from her bank, DBS Group, last June stating that her business account would be closed.  Au discovered after searching online that another firm with a similar name was added to the U.S. trade blacklist in October 2023 for "providing support to Russia's military and/or defense industrial base."  The entry identified two addresses, one of which was Au's warehouse.
Day by day, the evidence mounts that Donald Trump is rethinking American policy towards Ukraine. His ambition to put a swift end to the war has come to nothing, but the crucial change is that he may at last be realising that Vladimir Putin is chiefly responsible for thwarting his efforts.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
Hailey Bieber has shared a photo dump to her Instagram of a recent trip to Miami. In one of the photos, she looks unreal in a barely-there bikini.
The singer denies the story told by the actress about her disregarding Makiyo's late mother
Midfielder is into double figures for goals this season
Fox played her first-ever DJ set, which fittingly included her single "Down the Drain."
The 74-year-old driver was trapped in the huge sinkhole on Tuesday, Jan. 28
The post Seng Heng Braised Duck Noodles: The elusive duck noodle stall that’s only open 2 hours a day appeared first on SETHLUI.com.
Outspoken Georgia Republican Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene has sounded off against the Trump administration in a lengthy tirade on the social media site X. “I represent the base and when I’m frustrated and upset over the direction of things, you better be clear, the base is not happy,” wrote Greene. The post fired shots at the recent minerals deal with Ukraine, the handling of the war in Iraq, COVID-19 vaccines, and election integrity, saying the Trump administration has so far failed to address c