Dua Lipa attends the 29th Annual Critics Choice Awards at Barker Hangar on January 14, 2024 in Santa Monica, California.
Dua Lipa is embracing being her most authentic self in her recent cover story for Rolling Stone magazine. The "Houdini" singer opens up to the publication about her new era. She discusses how she has learned to navigate the cutthroat music industry. At 28 years old, the pop star admits, "I am literally getting thrown into life right now." She notes that she has been dragged by her feet with all the upheaval and transformations at this stage of life.
Her highly anticipated third album is due later this year. Lipa reveals themes about these major changes in her life will be reflected in the new music. Some of those changes include that she recently parted ways with the management firm that represented her for a decade. Additionally, she bought back the rights to her music. Focusing entirely on keeping her private life separate from her celebrity, Dua tells the publication that she prefers to keep her distance from controversies. Especially when it comes to the toxicity that comes with social media. The Grammy winner doesn't want to feed into the opinions of others affecting her daily life. "It’s just important to be able to take things with a pinch of salt," she says.
Even when it comes to taking vacations, Lipa was judged for not being home most of 2023 and instead hopping from country to country on vacation following her Future Nostalgia tour that wrapped in late 2022. "I was going to f---ing holiday and chill," the artist says about working hard and playing hard. She also took a jab at "how short our attention span is" because music comes out so much faster than it used to, with fans expecting new music to drop when they want it. Adding that there has always been "so much toxicity in the way people wanted their artists or their musicians." She notes that many artists who we think of as icons today, did not have to deal with the immediacy of social media.

A post shared by

Some celebrities have made it obvious that they speak another language. Whether it is from a thick accent or speaking in another language in films or music, we can easily tell when someone is multilingual. However, there are some stars we would have never guessed spoke in anything besides their native tongue. The biggest surprise of all is when our favorite actor or musician speaks more than two languages!
Due to their cultural heritage, some stars have picked up a second language due to where their family is from. Others have found a love for language in their travels or a genuine interest in linguistics. Whatever the reason, it is impressive when a person can dedicate themselves to adding another language to their repertoire. If you needed a reason to pick up another language, these celebrities' success is inspiring.
Take a look below at which celebrities can speak two or more languages:
Besides English, the 'Loki' star can speak Spanish, French and Greek. The British actor has been fascinated with language since his school days and found he was gifted with the affinity of learning languages.
The Ukrainian-born actress can understand and speak Russian, as she lived there until the age of seven.
The actor, whose name is very French, speaks fluent French. He grew up speaking both French and English since his father is from France.
The Mexican-born actress speaks an impressive four languages: English, Spanish, Swahili and Luo.
Though he used to speak 3 languages fluently, Stan can only understand German a little now. He is fluent in English and Romanian.
The Mexican-born actress can speak both English and Spanish fluently. Her father is of Lebanese descent and her daughter's father is French, so she can speak some of both of the languages.
The actor lived in France for six months and can speak French fluently. He also can speak some Italian, as his mother taught him.
Besides English, the actress can also speak German fluently. She was raised in Nuremberg, Germany and Austria, as her mother is German and her father was in the army.
The actor first learned how to speak Spanish when he made his acting debut on 'The Second Voyage of the Mimi.' The show was filmed in Mexico and that's where he picked it up.
Born in Malaysia, the actress can speak Malay,  Cantonese, Hokkien, Mandarin and English.
The actor can speak an impressive 9 languages! English, Spanish, German, Mandarin, Cantonese, Thai, Japanese, Korean and American Sign Language.
The actress can speak a number of languages including Hebrew, German, Japanese, Spanish and French.
The actor was born in Los Angeles, but he speaks German and Italian fluently. His parents are Italian and German and he spent a lot of time in Germany growing up.
The Colombian singer can speak  a whopping seven different languages. She speaks Spanish, English, French, Italian, Arabic, Catalan, and Portuguese.
The Guatemalan-born actor can speak both English and Spanish.
The singer is fluent in both English and French. However, she has sung in languages including Spanish, Italian, German, Latin, Japanese and Mandarin.
The Wolverine actor is fluent in French and Spanish.
Dua Lipa is bilingual and speaks both English and Albanian due to her heritage.
The Hawaiian-born singer can speak both English and Spanish.
The musician can speak both English and French fluently. Though she knows some Italian words and phrases, she isn't fluent in the language.
The musician can speak four languages: English, French, German, Italian and Spanish. He even sang  and recorded the entire 'Tarzan' soundtrack in all of the aforementioned languages.
The singer can speak both English and Spanish. Her Spanish was more fluent as she was growing up and some of it has faded away.
The actress is fluent in English, Italian and French. She can also speak Spanish and German.
The singer can speak both English and Spanish. She can understand Portuguese and Italian, a little bit of French, and some German from her mother (who is also multilingual).
The actress is fluent in English and Spanish. She lived in Spain as a teenager and fell in love with the language.
Though she was born in Florida, Anya's parents raised her in Argentina until she was 6 years old and speaks fluent Spanish. She learned English when they moved to London by watching 'School of Rock,' 'Harry Potter,' and 'Jumanji,'
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!