Little Mess // via Release - Topic on YouTube 
A couple years ago, singer Versy Piconè, around four months pregnant with her daughter, was on a phone call with her mom when her mom asked what Piconè’s future would look like with a new toddler.
When Piconè answered that she loved a little mess in her life, the Bryan native found inspiration for her new single “Little Mess” which, less than 30 hours after release, reached almost 2 million views on Instagram and hit number 28 on the top 100 iTunes charts.
“It just means a lot to me, because with all the amount of content that’s put out in the world today, you may feel like you’re not getting that reach,” she said. “There’s something like 5,000 to 10,000 songs a day that come out, so the fact that we weren’t lost in that has been super exciting.”
Alongside music, Piconè is the owner of The Beauty Labs Suites in College Station and at one time traveled in all state choirs and piano guilds. Working both in the spotlight and behind the scenes has allowed Versy to follow a variety of passions, including music and cosmetics. Her single “Little Mess” was released June 21 on multiple music streaming platforms, including Spotify, Apple Music and Amazon Music.
Due to recent body positivity movement and ageism changes in the industry, Piconè said her music has seen success that may not have happened before the advent of social media.
“The fact that you can be over 30 and still create, still do these things, gives a lot of hope for women in general because we’re treated very differently as we age,” she said. “In high school, there was not any body positivity I could remember. … I’m always wanting to encourage people to be kind to themselves.”
Several Brazos Valley companies and people came together to help produce the song, including Nicole Morton Lamb from Water To Wine Productions who made video clips; Amelia McCracken from Ment Marketing & Creative Services who made Piconè’s website; Randa Carrabba of PowHerFit who allowed Piconè to use their home for the promo and music video for the single; and Blanka Leal from Blanka Leal Photography who shot the album cover and more. Kai “Verse” Tyler is Piconè’s manager through the Luxury Group, while “Platinum” Pat Warren produced, Ryan Wood played guitar and Alan 2G Green Jr. played drums.
“It is so amazing to see all the talent that we have here,” Piconè said. “My producer, he’s been in it for a long time, and the guitar player and drummer, really all of us, none of us have given up. I think it’s a true testimony to the spirit of people in Bryan and College Station, even the surrounding areas.”
A second single is already in the works and will be called “Mama’s Still Got It,” a song that will use the phrase “you still got it girl” and turn it into an anthem for a girl of any age, Piconè said.
“This song is a very Meghan Trainor and Bruno Mars type of sound, it’s meant to be uplifting,” she said. “I want somebody to see me and see I’m not the typical size or 20 years old. I don’t want to hyperfocus on that either, but I want them to think, ‘Oh, I can do good. Go girl.’”
Now that Piconè’s daughter is growing up, Piconè said she hopes to be a positive role model for her and others in the future.
“Life is so short and everything that I’m doing is to create a legacy, because now it’s no longer about me. It’s about my daughter,” she said. “I want her to be able to see this music so that her children’s children can find me and watch this video on YouTube.”
Piconè said she’s grateful for the changes in the music industry that have allowed her to do what she loves and looks forward to future endeavors.
“My story is a story of glam, of confidence and beauty, inside and out,” she said. “Through the music and the makeup, and I want everybody to feel that. And I have a lot of exciting nonprofit things coming up and giveaways coming up and performances. I’m just excited about what the future holds.”
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
News reporter
Little Mess // via Release - Topic on YouTube 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.