Marie Sacks-Wilner, who has been playing her flute on the Boardwalk for eight summers, described the performers there as a “motley group,” but one that shares a common bond, a love of performing and of the connection they make with their audience.
Ocean City Council discusses an ordinance revising rules for Boardwalk entertainers Thursday.
“To me, in a way, it’s panhandling, and I don’t think that’s appropriate for our environment that we all love,” Councilman Jody Levchuk said.
OCEAN CITY — While Boardwalk musicians made their case Thursday that the summertime performances enhance visitors’ experience, City Council unanimously approved an ordinance raising the cost for permits and imposing new limits on where they can play.
Performers will now need a $200 permit and will be kept from the busiest areas of the Boardwalk, limited instead to two performance areas which each include several blocks.
Wes Kazmarck, president of the Ocean City Boardwalk Merchants Association, described the ordinance up for a public hearing and final vote as a compromise, one that doesn’t give the merchants or the performers everything they want.
“We’re trying to work together here and make this work for everybody,” Kazmarck said. “We are in the business district here.”
Boardwalk businesses only have a few months to make most of their money for the year, he said, adding the Boardwalk performers have impacted business.
Members of the association supported the ordinance unanimously, he said.
Council member Jody Levchuk, the owner of a Boardwalk business, gave a more frank assessment of the situation, offering what may have been the harshest criticism of some of the performers to be given at a council meeting.
He said he respects the performers and what they do, but said they were in the minority. The majority opinion is that many of the musicians are very disruptive on the Boardwalk.
Ocean City Council is set to revisit its rules on performers on the Boardwalk, with a potential to quadruple fees for the buskers and to put new limits on where they can perform.
“To me, in a way, it’s panhandling, and I don’t think that’s appropriate for our environment that we all love,” Levchuk said.
He said he has contributed to some of the performers but suggested the range of talent and level of disruption from the musicians vary widely, saying they do not all sound like the Three Tenors. In some cases, he said, employees have asked to leave early because of nearby performers clashing with the music inside.
Years ago, police would routinely shut down musicians playing on the Boardwalk, even those who were not asking for tips. Advocates for street performers assert that they have a right to perform in public under the First Amendment, and Ocean City, Maryland, has seen legal challenges to limits on performers based on volume.
After years of discussion, the New Jersey Ocean City introduced a $50 permit and other limits on the performers on the Boardwalk in 2017. In 2019, the city acted to ban amplifiers for singers and for instruments, carving an exception for instruments like electric pianos, which have built-in amplification and would be inaudible without it.
At previous meetings, city attorney Dottie McCrosson said the latest changes will improve public safety, disputing a comment from a resident that the city sought to punish the performers. In addition to quadrupling the permit fee, the new ordinance sets two entertainment zones on the Boardwalk, the first including Fifth, Sixth, Seventh and Eighth streets, the second including 12th, 13th and 14th streets. Performers will have a spot on the railing side of the Boardwalk opposite the street ends and in designated locations at the pavilions, with additional locations between Fifth and Sixth streets, a block where there are no businesses on the Boardwalk.
The ordinance sets the maximum size of any sign asking for tips as 8 inches by 8 inches, and states that the hat, bucket or other receptacle for tips must remain stationary, meaning they literally cannot pass the hat. The performers’ permits must be plainly visible, the ordinance states.
Parades and special events take precedence over the Boardwalk entertainers, the ordinance states, and performances are not allowed Tuesdays or Thursdays. The permit allows performances from 7 to 10 p.m. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday.
The ordinance also limits the time performers can be on the Boardwalk, and says they can only perform for four hours at a time in one place. The ordinance also includes a $2,000 fine for those who violate the provisions of the ordinance.
OCEAN CITY — Joe Rein played “Uptown Funk” by Bruno Mars and Mark Ronson on his baritone sax…
The ordinance would cover jugglers, sword swallowers, “living statue” performers and any other entertainers, but on the Ocean City Boardwalk, the buskers have primarily been musicians. Musicians attending the Thursday meeting said the performances enrich the Boardwalk experience and bring joy to visitors.
Some said the music helps keep people calm while waiting on long lines at businesses.
Bryan Woolbert, of Egg Harbor Township, who plans to be back on the Boardwalk with his piano for a ninth summer this year, said he is not performing for the tips.
“The reason why I prefer to perform here over most other venues is because of the amazing community that this council and the businesses of Ocean City have maintained together,” he told council.
Marie Sacks-Wilner, who plays flute on the Boardwalk throughout the year, also cited community in her comments, and said Ocean City has been extremely generous. She asked council to consider why the performers do what they do each year.
“Is it the tip money that’s the main reason? Why don’t they go out and get a real job, maybe?” she said. She described the performers as a “motley group,” but one that shares a common bond, a love of performing and of the connection they make with their audience, young and old. Playing live music for people is unlike other experiences, she said.
“It’s joyful, it’s spontaneous, and on a really great night, I think it’s magical,” she said.
But the tips do add up.
OCEAN CITY — The city's latest attempt to regulate entertainers on the boardwalk would inclu…
“There is a lot of money to be made if you do it right in Boardwalk entertainment,” Levchuk said at the meeting.
He described the comments from the musicians as heartfelt, and said the ones who attended the meeting were talented, saying there is a lot of respect for their dedication and their attitude toward the city.
Some could be hired as musicians by the Boardwalk Merchants Association, he said. There are regular performances of paid musicians on the Boardwalk each summer.
Ocean City Council discusses an ordinance revising rules for Boardwalk entertainers Thursday.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Mayor Jay Gillian and City Solicitor Dorothy McCrosson during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
Gillian
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, City Solicitor Dorothy McCrosson during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Business Administrator George Savastano during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, City Clerk Melissa Rasner during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Councilman Peter Madden during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Councilman Tony Polcini during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Councilman Terry Crowley Jr. during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
“To me, in a way, it’s panhandling, and I don’t think that’s appropriate for our environment that we all love,” Councilman Jody Levchuk said.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Councilman Tomaso Rotondi during public comments regarding the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
Winslow
Marie Sacks-Wilner, who has been playing her flute on the Boardwalk for eight summers, described the performers there as a “motley group,” but one that shares a common bond, a love of performing and of the connection they make with their audience.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Somers Point resident Flutist Marie Sacks-Wilner, who has been performing on the boardwalk for eight summers, addresses the council during public comments open for the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees.
On January 25, 2024, at the Ocean City City Council meeting, Bryan Woolbert, who has been performing on the boardwalk for the past eight seasons, addresses the council during public comments open for the proposed raising of boardwalk entertainer licensing fees, and time changes.
Ocean City Councilwoman Karen Bergman receives a plaque from Mayor Jay Gillian honoring her service as she plans to step down from council to take a job with the city senior center.
Contact Bill Barlow:
609-272-7290
bbarlow@pressofac.com
Twitter @jerseynews_bill
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Reporter
Buzz60’s Elizabeth Keatinge tells us how this Ukrainian busker went from performing on the streets to playing with Coldplay in a stadium show …
Sign up for a digital subscription to The Press of Atlantic City now and take advantage of a great offer.
Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
                        racist or sexually-oriented language.PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
                        person will not be tolerated.Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
                        or anything.Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
                        that is degrading to another person.Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
                        each comment to let us know of abusive posts.Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
                        accounts, the history behind an article.

PLEASE BE ADVISED: Soon we will no longer integrate with Facebook for story comments. The commenting option is not going away, however, readers will need to register for a FREE site account to continue sharing their thoughts and feedback on stories. If you already have an account (i.e. current subscribers, posting in obituary guestbooks, for submitting community events), you may use that login, otherwise, you will be prompted to create a new account.

Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.