Strictly Come Dancing’s Fleur East has revealed she is pregnant with her first child. The 36-year-old It Takes Two host and singer announced the news on New Year's Day by showing off a picture of her bump on social media.
Fleur captioned the post: “2024 is gonna be different…,” accompanied with a baby emoji and bottle emoji. She has been married to husband Marcel Badiane-Robin since 2019 after first meeting 10 years earlier in a bar.
Upon making the announcement several people flocked to the comments to congratulate Fleur and Marcel. For the latest TV and showbiz news sign up to our newsletter.
READ MORE: Netflix Fool Me Once full cast list including Michelle Keegan, Richard Armitage and Joanna Lumley
READ MORE: Amy Dowden says 'I've got a good feeling' as she 'can't wait to see the back of 2023'
"I knew it!! Baggy blazers on it takes two covered it well! Congratulations," one person commented underneath Fleur's announcement with another adding: "YOU ARE GONNA BE THE BEST MUM! Congratulations my fave I’m so happy for you." A third quipped: "Huge congratulations..I did wonder when some of your outfits on it takes two were baggy xx”
Another person wrote: “Wooooow this is the best news, congratulations.” And a further person said: “Congratulations! To be honest we all guessed the first week of ITT , but glad to be proved right.”
When Fleur isn't on It Takes Two she's busy presenting Hits Radio. The pregnant star first rose to fame when she appeared on The X Factor and eventually finishing in second place behind Ben Haenow as the 11th series of the now-defunct ITV talent show ended.
Fleur became The X Factor's first contestant to reach number one on the UK iTunes Store chart during the competition with her cover of Uptown Funk (originally by Mark Ronson featuring Bruno Mars). Since her big break Fleur has released two albums and appeared on shows like I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! and Strictly Come Dancing.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.