Her Olympic blonde is merely a memory.
 Fresh off her performance at the Paris 2024 Olympics on the Seine, Lady Gaga changed up her signature platinum-blonde hair and debuted a new inky-black look. In a new Instagram post, she shared a trio of photos that showed her wearing a long, cheetah-print coat and bold white sunglasses. Underneath the statement outerwear, she wore a black outfit and her signature sky-high platform heels.

Backgrid
 Gaga captioned the post with a simple—and cryptic—TV emoji, maybe teasing an upcoming project, music video release, or performance. At this point, nobody knows for sure.

 She's had black hair (and just about every other color hair) in the past, but it's been a long time since she's switched up her go-to blonde.

Getty Images
 The hair change comes just before some new music from Mother Monster. According to Variety, Gaga and Bruno Mars will drop a new single titled “Die With a Smile” tonight at midnight. They're both wearing Western-inspired 'fits in the announcement (and Gaga has an over-the-top humongous hairstyle), but there are no additional details about the song just yet.

JOCE/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Gaga assured fans that the new song isn't part of any upcoming album, captioning the post, "WHILE YOU WAIT TILL LG7…“DIE WITH A SMILE” a duet with @brunomars ❤️‍🔥." Gaga previously teased the collab yesterday, when she posted a video of herself wearing a Bruno Mars T-shirt.

 Variety adds that Grammy-winning songwriter-producer Andrew Watt is probably involved in the track, as he also posted about it today. Fans have been waiting for new music from Gaga since 2020, when she released Chromatica.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)