U2 is set to conclude the first-ever residency at the Sphere in Las Vegas next month. While they could definitely choose to extend, again, it seems as though these next few weeks will be it.
At that point, the calendar is completely empty outside of four nights later in the spring. Phish will takeover the world’s most viral venue around 4/20 weekend. There is no indication as to who or what might be the performer or band to play at the Sphere before or after the third weekend in April.
Conversations have reportedly been had between MSG/Sphere Entertainment and Miley Cyrus, Harry Styles, Beyonce and Dead & Company. Rumors have also included Lady Gaga, the Eagles, Kiss, Coldplay, Bon Jovi and the Jonas Brothers, among others.
According to a recent study, one of the most likely successors to the current residency at the Sphere is not particularly popular.
Casino.org conducted a survey in January of 2024 to find out the most-desirable post-U2 residency. It polled Americans about which artist or band they want to see at the Sphere as well as what genre of music.
However, there was one glaring issue. The survey included just 3,000 people. That sample size is not nearly large enough to make a definitive conclusion.
In January 2024, we surveyed 3,000 US residents to gather insights on their preferences for the next Sphere residency. Our list included the most speculated artists for the upcoming residency. For the second question of the survey, we utilized Spotify’s most listened-to artists of 2023 list.
The average age of respondents was 40.4 years old. The representative sample comprised of 53.7% female, 44.4% male, 1.2% non-binary, 0.6% transgender, and 0.1% other.
Nevertheless, here is what the survey discovered about the newest venue in Las Vegas.
“Which rumored artist or band should headline the next Sphere residency?”
“Which top-streamed artist or band would you want for the next Sphere residency?”
“Which genre should The Sphere feature in the next residency?”
While the survey drew some surprising results, to see TSwizzle atop the list is no surprise. The average age of respondents also provides a better understanding of why and artist like Harry Styles is so low, but Paul McCartney and the Eagles are so high.
Perhaps the lists would look different if the age, gender and sample size were different.