Contestant JB Gill has broken his silence on the news that Amy Dowden won't be returning as his dance partner for the remainder of this year's Strictly Come Dancing.
Amy, 34, didn't perform with JB, 37, on Saturday after she reportedly 'collapsed' backstage the previous weekend. It's now been confirmed that she will no longer compete on the latest series, with colleague Lauren Oakley, 33, now permanently replacing her as JLS member JB's dance partner.
A statement on her departure was issued by Amy on social media and JB has since addressed the news. Writing in the comments section of Amy's post, he said: "Heartbreaking news [Amy] but our moments will be forever in Strictly history, never forget that. Thank you for being the best teacher. Nothing but love from all of the Gill family."
JB - who had previously temporarily performed with Lauren on Saturday night amid Amy's initial absence from the dancefloor - also reacted to the post on his Instagram Story. He wrote: "Heartbroken for you right now [Amy] but like a phoenix you will rise. Isaiah 40:31."
Amy wrote in her statement: "My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up. It was choreography, music choices, which dances in which order, what we needed to work on. I felt free again. My goal since hearing those words you have cancer was to get back on the strictly dance floor. It's been such a challenge to get back, one I devoted 2024 too.
"Which with my incredible team we got there. Something I wanted to do for myself and loved ones. There was no feeling like it dancing again in the ballroom with my strictly family. Then I was partnered with the talented ,kind, gentle soul JB. Every day our training room was chilled, hardworking and full of big smiles enjoying what we was creating together with a blossoming friendship. JB thank you for being the perfect partner back. We topped the leader board week one and continued to work so hard and thank you for being so passionate about understanding the ballroom and Latin fundamentals. For me that rumba will always be one of my favs . I'm so sad, so upset and asking why me, why now that our journey has been cut short.
"My heart right now is breaking having to pull out of the competition due to a foot injury and I know only too well 'this too shall pass' and l'll be soon better and back dancing. Something l've had to get used to in my life. I'm sure at some point we will dance again JB. To all the fans, to my loved ones, my strictly family thank you. I know you and Lauren will continue to ace that dance floor . I'll forever be your biggest cheerleader."
Like JB and other stars from Strictly, fellow pro Lauren reacted to the post by Amy this week. Reacting, Lauren - who previously didn't have a celebrity partner this year - wrote: "This too shall pass. We're still a team. Love you. You did the ground work, I'll carry your partnership forward and hopefully make you proud."
They weren't the only Strictly stars to have commented on Amy's post about her departure. Other colleagues who reacted to the news included host Claudia Winkleman, who wrote in her reply to Amy: "We love you so much."
Amy's departure was announced on companion show It Takes Two on Monday night and a spokesperson for Strictly said that she will be focusing on "her recovery following a foot injury". The spokesperson said: "Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year. Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley will step in as JB's dance partner. The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes."
It Takes Two host Fleur East, 37 - who was herself a finalist on Strictly back in 2022 - shared her own message for colleague Amy after reading out the statement. Looking directly at the camera, she said: "Sending you all our love, Amy. Get better soon."
The news comes after Amy, who returned to Strictly this year following cancer treatment, was forced to pull out of the BBC show after having 'collapsed' backstage moments after her dance with JB on October 26. It was confirmed that she had been taken to Barnet Hospital from the show's Elstree Studios as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell". She was subsequently absent from that weekend's results show but last week revealed that she was "feeling so much better".
Amy's dance partner JB thanked the public for their support following her health scare. Writing on Instagram, the JLS star said: "On behalf of both @amy-dowden and I, I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone for voting for us and wishing us well. We absolutely loved our performance on Saturday night and are so grateful to be through to another week on @bbcstrictly Thank you, thank you, thank you for your support."
She then took a break from Strictly and sat out last weekend's show, with Lauren, who does not have a partner for this year's series, standing in for her. Lauren performed a Bruno Mars medley with JB for Icons Week, and they received a score of 39. They were joint top of the leaderboard as a result alongside Love Island star Tasha Ghouri and pro Aljaž Škorjanec.
Amy watched on in the audience on Saturday night, with Strictly viewers spotting tears in the 34-year-old's eyes. She watched with presenter Claudia Winkleman, wearing an all-black outfit and poppy and applauding the couples as they came up the stairs.
Before their performance Amy said she, Lauren and JB had been a great team together. Turning to Amy, Claudia asked: "You three did this together this week, didn't you?" Amy replied: "Yes, it's been a real dream team, even to the point where Lauren put in our chat, 'J, do you want a coffee?' To which I replied: 'Yes, you'll have a vanilla latte'." Amy also wished JB and Lauren "the absolute best of luck" earlier in the day on Instagram.
Strictly bosses previously issued a statement announcing Amy's break and said: "Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well. She is delighted that fellow professional dancer, Lauren Oakley, is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday's show for JB Gill's Couple's Choice dance." They added: "We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
Get all the Strictly glitter and goss straight to your inbox with our Strictly Come Dancing newsletter