Adult website, VPN searches spike after Pornhub disabled in Texas – LINK
Country Life: Did You Know You Could Get Married at a Denny’s? – LINK
Why The Eras Tour Is Called “Taylor’s Version” On Disney+ & How It’s Different – LINK
Missouri museum takes world record for wearing underwear as hats – LINK
Supermarket worker ‘caught ejaculating onto fresh produce’ – LINK
25 Best Limited-Time Fast-Food Items of All Time – LINK
Get your Manwich on because today is National Sloppy Joe Day – LINK
Pevely man charged with throwing puppy from 3rd-floor window – LINK
Missing college student Riley Strain’s bank card found near Nashville-area river days after he was kicked out of bar – LINK
Dr. Dre opened up about his 2021 brain aneurysm during his recent interview on The Life of Mine With James Corden. Dre said he had three strokes over the course of two weeks. He recalled that he went to the hospital after he woke up with a feeling behind his right ear that turned into “the worst pain.” He continued, “Next thing you know, I’m blacking out. I’m in and out of consciousness, and I ended up in the ICU. I was there for two weeks. I’m hearing the doctors coming in and saying, ‘You don’t know how lucky you are.’”
Bruno Mars allegedly owes millions MGM Las Vegas from gambling debts – which got up to $50 million at one point. It seems Mars’ weakness was at the poker tables – LINK
Lil Wayne might have to answer questions for allegedly lying about his marijuana usage to get a pandemic loan. Business Insider reports Wayne applied for a loan in 2021 and told the government that his workplace was drug-free.  The Small Business Administration (SBA) took the claims for what they were and approved an $8.9 million check to be issued to Young Money Touring Inc – LINK
The Black Crowes are worried that the overuse of digital editing tools in the recording studio to make a song’s every note flawless has left music missing something – LINK
Speaking of new music: Guitarist Kevin “Noodles” Wasserman of The Offspring says their newest album is “almost done” – LINK
Queens of The Stone Age wants his supergroup with Foo Fighters’ Dave Grohl and Led Zeppelin’s John Paul Jones, Them Crooked Vultures, to reunite – LINK 
Maynard James Keenan of Tool says that Mike Tyson started training for his fight against Jake Paul at his Verde Valley BJJ martial arts school in Cottonwood, Arizona. Keenan posted a photo with Tyson and wrote, “Gonna be bragging about that for a bit. Long after y’all are tired of hearing about it” – LINK
Metallica have released their second cigar under the Blackened name. The “S84 Shade to Black” is being sold at Drew Estate locations.
Brendan Yates and Daniel Fang of Turnstile guest on Hot Water Music‘s new single, “Remnants.”
This story is wild.  George Jones is known as one of the greatest country singers of all-time, and his widow, Nancy Jones wrote a book called “Playing Possum” in honor of George looking like a possum. So, George had a couple #1 songs out by 1963, but he was still very much at the beginning of his career.  He was booked on a benefit show with Patsy Cline and other big stars at the time in Kansas City – LINK
MOVIES
One of horror’s great unsung classics, 1979’s “Tourist Trap”, is getting a remake – LINK
Master of horror Joe Dante, who already brought you “Gremlins”, “The Howling”, and “The Burbs”, will direct a reimagining of “Little Shop of Horrors” – LINK
Jeremy Renner says Robert Downey Jr. was constantly checking in on him to cheer him up while he recovered from a snowmobile accident in the ICU. “We ended up having really great chats on FaceTime, like we were dating or something . . . He’s like, ‘Dude, the most important thing is you look good.  I don’t care how you feel, as long as you look good that’s all that matters.’  “Iron Man” director Jon Favreau also said Robert is, quote, “somebody who, even when he’s not working, he’s still connecting.  He really keeps relationships going, and he’s always checking in” – LINK
MISC
As terrifying as it is to think about, the “Cash Me Outside” girl is now a mother. Bhad Bhabie has given birth to her and her boyfriend Le Vaughn’s first child – LINK
AND FINALLY/RIP:
The inventor of karaoke has died.  He was a Japanese businessman named Shigeichi Negishi, and he lived to be 100 years old. He invented the first karaoke machine in 1967, after one of his employees made fun of his singing voice.  It was originally called the SPARKO BOX.
In his honor, someone did a survey and conducted some research to determine the 30 best karaoke songs for people who CAN’T SING.
Here are the Top 10:
St. Louis CITY SC came from behind twice to earn a point on the road against LA Galaxy. The match finished 3-3 with goals from Tomáš Ostrák, Joakim Nilsson and an own goal from John McCarthy, extending CITY SC’s unbeaten streak to four games.
The NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament is ready to go.  The 68-team field was revealed on Sunday afternoon. The top four seeds were Connecticut, Houston, Purdue, and North Carolina. The first four teams that were out of the top 68 were Oklahoma, Indiana State, Seton Hall, and Pittsburgh. All of the fun begins with the First Four matchups in Dayton, Ohio, on Tuesday and Wednesday. Thursday and Friday might be the most unproductive days of the week for basketball fans, as 32 games will be played in the tournament’s first round.  Once all is said and done, a National Champion will be crowned at the Final Four in Phoenix, Arizona, on April 8th.
Aaron Donald is hanging up his football gear.  The three-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year announced his retirement on Friday.  He wrote, “For 10 years, I have been fortunate to play the game of football at the highest level. I’m thankful for the people I’ve met along the way, the relationships I’ve built and the things I’ve accomplished with my teammates and individually.” He played his whole career with the Rams, both in St. Louis and in Los Angeles. He helped the franchise win a Super Bowl in 2022. He added, “Not many people get drafted to a team, win a World Championship with that team, and retire with that team. I do not, and will not, take that for granted.”  Most experts feel Donald will be a first-ballot Football Hall of Famer.
The Chicago Bears traded Justin Fields to the Steelers for a conditional sixth-round pick, Pittsburgh announced Saturday. The Steelers just added Russell Wilson in free agency on a one-year deal and traded Kenny Pickett to the Eagles. ESPN’s Brooke Pryor reported on Saturday that Wilson “is the starter” and this move gives Fields a chance to learn under the former Super Bowl champ. The two have similar styles of playing. The Bears, who hold the No. 1 overall pick in this year’s draft, are expected to select USC quarterback Caleb Williams. Justin Fields took to social media and thanked Chicago and said he’s ready for this “next chapter.” “Can’t say thank you enough to the city of Chicago for taking me in and embracing me. Thank you to the entire Bears organization and ownership for allowing me the opportunity to be part of such a historic franchise. But most of all thank you to my all my brothers that I played with. You all were the reason I attacked each day the way I did. I can’t thank you all enough for what y’all have meant to me over the last 3 years through the ups and downs. I wish each one of you nothing but success. Ready for this next chapter!”
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC