Over the past three weeks, one artist has topped the iTunes and Billboard Digital charts twice. Is it Taylor Swift? Billie Eilish? No -- it's Breitbart's "minister of culture," singer-songwriter Jon Kahn. Inspired by Trump's defiance against the lawfare campaign, Jon wrote the song "Fighter," and produced it after the July 13 assassination attempt in Butler County, Pennsylvania. 
If you have not yet heard it, watch the official video here:
The response to this song has been tremendous. As of noon today, it's still on top of the iTunes charts, a re-entry at #1 ahead of names like Eilish, Jelly Roll, Shaboozey, and Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars. It's on top of the Billboard Digital song sales chart too, although you have to subscribe to see the rest of the list. Donald Trump publicly thanked Jon and is reportedly playing the song at his rallies, including his return to Butler County this afternoon. 
So what does Jon think of all this success? We chatted for a short time yesterday to talk about the song, its success, and the process of inspiration and production. Jon was gracious, humble, and fun in the time we had together, and I know you'll enjoy his observations on sudden fame and getting a "bucket list" goal achieved.
Here are a couple of highlights from our interview, but only a taste:
Ed: Hey man, how awesome is it to have a hit single? I mean, I've sang in my car 50 years. And I've always dreamed of this moment.
Jon Kahn: And apparently, you can join me on stage if that's the case.
Ed: I don't think you necessarily want a mediocre baritone behind you there, my friend.  ...
Ed: What was the specific inspiration? I mean, was it the assassination attempt in July? Or was this just something that happened?
Jon: Actually, it wasn't. People think it was in response to the first assassination attempt. This song is actually written before. And the moment that it occurred to me is it was after the New York case. And after that bogus conviction, And I was sitting on the couch watching the news and shaking my head, and I watched him walk up to the podium to address the press after they've thrown impeachments at him and deplatformed him from social media and a wall of hate from the left and lawfare and a raid on Mar-a-Lago and all these things.
===
We have plenty more to discuss below. Follow Jon at Breitbart, of course, but also on Twitter/X, Instagram, and on his own music site too. Don't forget to buy and download "Fighter" while you're at it!
The Ed Morrissey Show is now a fully downloadable and streamable show at  Spotify, Apple Podcasts, the TEMS Podcast YouTube channel, and on Rumble and our own in-house portal at the #TEMS page!

                        Copyright ©2025 HotAir.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved.