By SAMEER SURI and JAMES GORDON and NIOMI HARRIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:35, 28 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:45, 28 December 2024   
 306
View  comments
Beyoncé's mother Tina Knowles has staunchly defended the singer's controversial Christmas Day NFL halftime performance.
The pop star, 43, entertained fans in her home state of Texas, where local side Houston Texans took on - and eventually lost to - Baltimore Ravens.
Beyoncé gave a 13-minute concert, singing an eight-song medley of tracks from her Cowboy Carter album complete with a plethora of dancers, horses and even an appearance from her 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy.
Christmas marked Beyoncé's first performance since her husband Jay-Z strenuously denied allegations leveled at him in a new lawsuit, which accused him and Sean 'Diddy' Combs of raping a 13-year-old girl at a party in 2000.
While Beyoncé garnered some negative social media reaction for her halftime appearance, professional critics hailed the show as a triumph, describing her efforts as 'breathtaking' and a 'masterful' showcase of her latest LP. 
However Tina has turned her attention to the online trolls, in an impassioned Instagram post telling her daughter's doubters that they 'look like a joke.'
Beyoncé's mother Tina Knowles staunchly defended the singer's Christmas Day NFL halftime performance from social media critics 
Tina turned her attention to the social media trolls, in an impassioned Instagram post telling her daughter's doubters that they 'look like a joke'; the pair are pictured this month
Tina posted a screen-grab from a social media upload in which one of Beyoncé's fans showered praise on the songstress.
'Irrespective of if you like Beyonce's music or not, it is PROOF and motivation that no matter how undeniably talented you are, people will always, ALWAYS, always have some negative ish to say,' the post read, in part.
Tina posted the screen-grab to Instagram on Friday and declared: 'My sentiments exactly! It is mind-boggling to me that you would take your precious Christmas day and watch a performance of someone you hate and you don’t think has talent so that you can go talk ish about it later.'
She added: 'Obviously you are so obsessed with them , addicted to them , and secretly admire them , wish you could be them, that you cannot help but to watch and critique and comment and say dumb ridiculous stuff that makes you look like a joke !!'
Tina joked: 'So go to another channel when it’s halftime watch goofy cartoons or Bozo the clown or something you can relate to and see yourself in. Said with love'
She added a button to the post, writing: 'PS I have learned so much from her warrior spirit, of when they go low I work harder “No weapon formed against me shall prosper” one ,two , three waiting for the fake bots to come”.'
Tina's post made no mention of her son-in-law Jay-Z, who had faced a scathing rebuke from a judge for 'wasting court resources' the day before while fighting the lawsuit from the woman who accuses him and Diddy of raping her when she was 13.
The music mogul, whose real name is Shawn Carter, has made several attempts through his lawyer Alex Spiro to quash the case or force the woman to be publicly identified.
However Tina has turned her attention to the social media trolls, in an impassioned Instagram post telling her daughter's doubters that they 'look like a joke'
Christmas marked Beyoncé's first performance since her husband Jay-Z strenuously denied rape allegations leveled at him in a new lawsuit; the couple are pictured this month
On Thursday, Judge Analisa Torres sided with his accuser, granting the accuser anonymity for the next stage of proceedings and slamming Spiro in the process.
The plaintiff, referred to as Jane Doe, alleges Jay-Z and Diddy drugged and raped her when she was 13 at an after-party for the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards in New York City. 
Jay-Z has vehemently denied the claims, calling them baseless.
In a five-page filing released on Thursday, Judge Torres condemned Spiro's aggressive legal maneuvers, describing them as 'combative' and filled with 'inflammatory language and ad hominem attacks.'
She accused Jay-Z's attorney of attempting to 'fast-track the judicial process' by repeatedly filing motions to reveal the identity of Jane Doe and dismiss the case.
'Carter's lawyer's relentless filing of combative motions containing inflammatory language and ad hominem attacks is inappropriate, a waste of judicial resources, and a tactic unlikely to benefit his client,' Torres stated firmly. 'The Court will not fast-track the judicial process merely because counsel demands it.'
Amid the scandal swirling around Jay-Z, Beyoncé's NFL halftime performance was met with an overwhelmingly positive reaction from the critical fraternity.
The Guardian's Ben Beaumont-Thomas awarded her performance four stars, saying of the superstar: 'Beyoncé has occasionally been guilty of stiffness or boring regality in live performance, but she noticeably loosened up on the Renaissance world tour and continues to be thrillingly rangy here. 
Beyoncé pulled out all the stops for her 13-minute performance, performing an eight-song medley of tracks from her Cowboy Carter album complete with a plethora dancers, horses and even an appearance from her 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy
'She prowls down bleachers filled with brass players and dancers, her eyes bugging out, her hands mock-testifying, her moves gleeful and antic in the manner of Black artists from Little Richard to Janelle Monaé.
'Half-time shows are always stuffed harder than the day’s turkeys, but this quickly becomes a veritable turducken of hits: a megamix that pulls in My House then Riiverdance then Sweet Honey Buckiin’ with special guest Shaboozey.'
Indeed, The Telegraph's Ed Power agrees to Beyoncé's incredible performance skills, hailing her Christmas Day show 'eye-popping, mind-blowing, toe-tapping', however, he was quick to add that the performance was 'as “Christmassy” as a Piña Colada on the beach'.
Elsewhere, Lindsay Zoldadz of the New York Times noted that Beyoncé's 'jubilant' performance was the complete 'opposite' of the less-than-welcoming reception she received amid her foray into country music, as she highlighted he singer's message that 'everyone was welcome'. 
She went on to say of the high-energy show: 'The impressive production, announced at the top as Beyoncé Bowl, seemed to employ a supporting cast that rivaled a cinematic blockbuster. 
'For most of its 13 minutes, the field teemed with musicians, dancers and a procession of extras, every one clad in dazzling white. That abundance sent a message. Though known for her monolithic singularity as a solo artist — and for striking power poses in the spotlight — Beyoncé put a version of herself on display during this show that felt especially generous, eager to share the moment.'
While Variety's Steven J. Horowitz called the star's first live showcase of her Cowboy Carter album 'a masterful tour of choice cuts from her sprawling opus'.
He added: 'It’s a challenge to top even your most arresting performances, yet Beyoncé repeatedly manages to outdo herself.' 
While the performance garnered some negative reaction, overall critics hailed the show a triumph, describing Beyoncé's efforts as 'breathtaking' and a 'masterful' showcase of her latest LP
However, despite her cowboy-themed spectacular streaming on Netflix on Christmas Day, one critic branded the show 'as Christmassy as a Piña Colada on the beach', referring to the lack of festive fanfare 
And it wasn't just critics who were impressed by Beyoncé's efforts, with fans taking to X, formerly known as Twitter, to share their thoughts
And it wasn't just critics who were impressed by Beyoncé's efforts, with fans taking to X, formerly known as Twitter, to share their thoughts.
They penned: 'I just saw an enduring, iconic Emmy & Grammy award-worthy production & performance by #TheArtist #Beyonce Just...WOW!!!'
'I dunno why I’m seeing x posts complaining about #Beyonce‘s performance She ate!! And she looked so happy to be back home in Texas.'
'I still can’t get over how amazing the half time show was … There truly is no other artist like her … she truly is the greatest female performer of all time … she is truly unmatched.'
'Beyoncé and Blue Ivy's performance of 'Texas Hold 'Em' at the NFL Christmas halftime show was pure magic! Talent runs deep in this family.' 
'I'm going to be honest I'm Happy that I got to live in the area of #Beyonce there's NO ..1 else that's going to B like her and I have to actually deal with that she's the epitome of a standard OF WHAT AN MUSIC ARTIST IS SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE she's legendary!!!!
It comes as viewership numbers are in for Beyoncé Knowles-Carter's NFL Christmas halftime performance, which was held at NRG Stadium in her Houston hometown.
Netflix revealed in a press release Thursday that over 27M Americans tuned in live to watch the 43-year-old pop diva's 15-minute, eight-song medley - according to Nielsen.
Of that group, 24.3M average minute audience were watching the football game where the Baltimore Ravens absolutely creamed the Houston Texans 31-2.
However, Beyoncé amassed far more - 110.8M - in 2013 when she headlined Super Bowl XLVII in New Orleans alongside her Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams.
The viewership numbers are in for Beyoncé Knowles-Carter's NFL Christmas halftime performance, which was held at NRG Stadium in her Houston hometown
Netflix revealed in a press release Thursday that over 27M Americans tuned in live to watch the 43-year-old pop diva's 15-minute, eight-song medley 
Of that group, 24.3M average minute audience were watching the football game where the Baltimore Ravens absolutely creamed the Houston Texans 31-2 
Knowles-Carter scored even more - 115.5M - in 2016 when she got in 'Formation' with Super Bowl 50 headliners Coldplay in Santa Clara, CA alongside featured guests Bruno Mars and Mark Ronson.
By comparison, on February 11, Super Bowl LVIII became the most watched program in American TV history with 129.3M tuning into see headliner Usher rollerskate in Paradise, NV.
The 32-time Grammy winner enlisted her 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy Carter to serve back-up dancer duties, and she also had Post Malone and Shaboozey join her on the field.
Queen Bey raised eyebrows using a finger-gun gesture just as a big 'Bang' banner unfurled beneath her platform, a move which is illegal for NFL players to make on the field.
Beyoncé Bowl will be available for all Netflix subscribers as a standalone special 'later this week.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group