Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Former Olympian Sam Quek is the latest celebrity to be voted off of Strictly Come Dancing. The star, and her professional partner Nikita Kuzmin, are the sixth couple to leave the series despite not finishing bottom of the leaderboard and fans were completely shocked by her exit.
 The pair, who scored 29 with their Icons Week American smooth to Taylor Swift's Love Story, have departed the show, despite reality TV star Pete Wicks and his partner Jowita Przystal scoring just 22 with their performance to Another One Bites The Dust by Queen on Saturday (2 November). 
Fans took to social media with one saying they were "floored" by Sam's exit against the likes of Pete. One wrote: "WHAT?" I'M FLOORED!! This has fully p****d me off actually". Another asked: "How did Pete and Wynne escape the dance off?". With a third writing: "actually so annoyed at this??? neither of the couples in the dance off deserved to be there when they’ve improved week after week and then there’s others that have had several bad weeks and keep sailing through". 
Sam and Nikita faced former Olympian and Gladiator Montell Douglas and her dance partner Johannes Radebe in Sunday’s dance-off (3 November). Montell and Johannes scored 35 in Saturday's live show for their waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston. 
All four judges agreed unanimously to save Montell and Johannes. Speaking about her time on the show, Sam confessed: "I'm gutted, I just want to say thank you. I've learned so much. Strictly has just brought that spring in my step back. It's just been an absolute joy.
“Nikita, you've been key in helping me find that inner Sam that was there, who went a little bit quiet for maybe one or two years and has just come back. I'm gutted because I do feel like I still have more to give."
Nikita also spoke very highly of his partner, and added: "I'm just in awe of this girl. Sometimes they say it's about the journey, not the destination, but to me it's about the company. Sam, you are the most wonderful company I could have had."
The seventh week of the competition saw JLS singer JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley score the joint highest marks of this year's series with 39 for their Bruno Mars medley, as Amy Dowden watched on from the studio due to illness. Love Island star Tasha Ghouri and professional partner Aljaz Skorjanec performed to Pink's What About Us and also scored a joint series high of 39.
During his week seven performance, Wynne Evans danced a Rumba with his partner Katya Jones, but the opera singer at one point left the dancefloor. Wynne, who is an opera singer, joined the live band to sing the final line of This Is My Life.
It won’t be the last time fans get to see Sam and Nikita together though as they will join Fleur East on Strictly: It Takes Two on Monday, November 4 at 6.30pm on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer.