Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
While many have been worrying about whether Taylor Swift will make it in time to support Travis Kelce at this year’s Super Bowl game, there’s one celebrity at the top of our minds here at Decider: Usher. 
This Sunday (Feb. 11), the veteran R&B singer will be returning to the halftime stage for the second time in his career after he performed with Will.i.am in 2011. After decades in the industry, Usher has dozens of hits and collabs to feature during his halftime show performance, which is sure to be a can’t-miss event. 
Still, it might be time to reacquaint yourselves with the heartthrob’s discography before he takes to the field this weekend. Some Usher songs fans should definitely expect to hear include “Yeah!,” “Love in this Club” and “U Got It Bad.”
It’s also possible that we will get to hear some songs from his recently released album Coming Home, which includes “Risk It All” featuring H.E.R., the single featured in The Color Purple.
So, who should fans expect to see at the Super Bowl halftime show? Here are some of our predictions before Usher’s big performance this Sunday. 
That would be Usher, also know as Usher Raymond IV, the musician who began his career in the ’90s and has since gifted us with countless hits, including an impressive nine No. 1 singles.  
It’s common for halftime show performers to bring out surprise guests. Previous years have seen Beyoncé, Bruno Mars, the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Bad Bunny take the stage as guest performers, so there’s no celeb too big to join Usher during the halftime show. 
And as an industry veteran, Usher has collaborated with dozens of artists across his discography. 
The singer has already confirmed that he will be performing his Grammy-winning single “Yeah!” at the Super Bowl, which features Lil Jon and Ludacris, both frequent collaborators of his.
“I would be a fool to not play ‘Yeah!’ let’s just start there,” Usher recently told Entertainment Tonight. “It would be foolish to make it all the way to Las Vegas, Jon is here, Luda’s here and not play ‘Yeah!’ “
As for the rest of the show, there is a chance that his former “protege” Justin Bieber will make an appearance. The artists collaborated on a remix of “Somebody to Love” in 2010. Bieber appears to have taken a break from music to focus more on his health and personal life, but there’s always a chance he could come back for a surprise Super Bowl cameo.
We also have our fingers crossed that Usher’s Grammy-winning single “My Boo,” featuring Alicia Keys, gets performed that night. The pair had serious chemistry in the music video, so seeing them together on stage would be a real treat. 
Usher may be known for his steamy R&B ballads, but there’s also some club hits that will surely make the cut that evening, which means J Balvin, Nicki Minaj, and Pitbull could make their own appearances.
There is also a chance that Beyoncé may be there, considering the show is produced by Jay Z’s company, Roc Nation. She collaborated with Usher and Lil Wayne for “Love In This Club, Pt. II” in 2008. 
There’s no limit to how many artists can perform during the halftime show, so there is a high likelihood that your favorite Usher collab will take the stage.
The Super Bowl airs Sunday evening at 6:30 p.m. ET on CBS and Paramount+. And ahead of the big game, here’s everything you need to know to stream the Super Bowl live. 

This story has been shared 3,632 times.
3,632


This story has been shared 2,843 times.
2,843


This story has been shared 1,148 times.
1,148


This story has been shared 901 times.
901


This story has been shared 789 times.
789


This story has been shared 690 times.
690


This story has been shared 575 times.
575


This story has been shared 459 times.
459


This story has been shared 440 times.
440


This story has been shared 410 times.
410


This story has been shared 350 times.
350


This story has been shared 327 times.
327


This story has been shared 312 times.
312


This story has been shared 292 times.
292


This story has been shared 274 times.
274