Strictly Come Dancing’s head judge Shirley Ballas yelled at Craig Revel Horwood, prompting Motsi Mabuse to step away during their tense clash.
The celebrities took centre stage for Icons Week, but the judges were split over one couple's performance. Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe hit the dance floor with a Waltz to a classic Whitney Houston song, impressing viewers at home.
However, their performance led to a tense moment, with Ballas rising from her seat to stand over Horwood as she disagreed with his critical remarks.
The 59-year-old choreographer and judge said: “I would have liked to have seen it a little bit softer, a little bit lighter throughout.
“It bothered me that your frame was constantly going in and out...” however, Ballas wouldn’t let the remarks slide. She stood from her chair and asked: “What are you doing?”
  READ MORE:    Strictly fans spot 2024 series 'winner' after 'icon' performance  [LATEST] 
Soon after Mabuse unexpectedly got up from her seat and shouted: “Stop, stop stop....I am going home!” before Ballas took her seat.
Turning towards her fellow judge, Ballas shouted: “Wait, wait, wait. Darling, he had that beautiful frame, he dropped his arms, and she looked at him willingly, ready to go with soft movements.
“With beautiful footwork, improving. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?” before Horwood clapped back: “A choice darling, a choice.
“Because I didn’t know whether they were in or out all the way through that.”
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Ballas finished and returned to her seat, leaving Horwood to make one last jab. “Says cousin IT. Sorry, the Cher wig didn’t quite work out for you.”
Adding a bit of humour to the situation, Mabuse remarked: “There is a lesson to be learned there. When mummy and daddy fight, get out of the room kids.”
Elsewhere on the show, JLS singer JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley scored the joint highest of this year’s series of Strictly Come Dancing, as Amy Dowden watched from the studio.
The Welsh professional dancer, who is normally Gill’s partner, missed last Sunday’s results programme after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a “precaution” after she began “feeling unwell”. Althoug she is now said to be "doing much better."
Oakley, 33, who does not have a partner for this year’s series of the BBC dancing show, stood in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with Gill on Saturday’s show, for a score of 39. The managed the same score as Tasha Ghouri and Aljaž Škorjanec.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated