For our Icons issue, the legendary musician, songwriter, and producer shares a playlist of his favorite hit tracks.
“An icon is someone who has a massive effect on the culture to an extent that things are one way before they exist and it's another way after,” says Nile Rodgers.
A legendary musician, songwriter, and producer in his own right, Rodgers helped usher in the disco era with his seminal band, Chic, which he cofounded with bassist Bernard Edwards in 1976 after experiencing the genre firsthand at a nightclub in New York. “Here were all these different people—gay, Black, Asian—partying in complete harmony," says Rodgers. “From that moment on, that was the community I wanted to belong to." He continues, "That's what Taylor Swift has. That's what Beyoncé has. That's what Bruno Mars has. All big artists have this huge community of people that are not necessarily of like minds, but they come together to listen to their music." 
After releasing a series of smash hits with Chic, including the oft-sampled “Good Times” and “Le Freak,” Rodgers went on to cowrite Sister Sledge’s 1979 breakout hit “We Are Family.” After that, Rodgers, now a Songwriters Hall of Fame Inductee and multi-Grammy Award winner, went on to collaborate in all kinds of groundbreaking ways with the likes of Diana Ross (“I’m Coming Out”), David Bowie (“Let’s Dance”), Madonna (“Like a Virgin”), and, more recently, Daft Punk (“Get Lucky”) and Beyoncé (“Cuff It”). "95 percent of the recordings I've done happened because I casually met a person, liked them, and said, 'hey, let's do music together,'" he says. “The thing that's really wonderful is that I always learn from the people that I'm working with."
For our Icons issue, Rodgers curated a playlist that includes Led Zeppelin’s “Whole Lotta Love” and Bowie’s “Let’s Dance,” as well as John Coltrane’s “A Love Supreme (Part I).” Rodgers, whose first obsession was jazz, says when he first heard the Coltrane song, “I felt like I was losing my virginity. I was enthralled; it was like I was floating.”
Lola Young Is Our May 2025 Music Director
Jessie Reyez's New Album Will Melt Your Heart
Rashida Jones On Her Dad's Living Legacy
Esperanza Spalding is Pushing Jazz Forward
Yseult on the Songs That Drive Her Indie Spirit
SZA on the Voices That Shaped Her as a Musician
Leon Bridges Celebrates His Texas Roots
Kamasi Washington on His First "Dance Album"
Jack Antonoff's Newfound Optimism
For Maya Hawke, Honesty and Beauty Go Hand in Hand
Tierra Whack on Her Most Personal Project Yet
Kim Gordon Is an Artist First, Musician Second
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.