Strictly Come Dancing viewers spotted a 'new partnership' during the latest live show as they asked questions over a surprise appearance.
There was already a slight couple swap in the ballroom on Saturday night (November 2) as a new themed week was introduced for the first time.
JLS singer JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley topped the leaderboard with the joint highest score of the night as JB's usual partner and Lauren's fellow pro dancer Amy Dowden watched from the sidelines in the studio.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing fans 'heartbroken' as Amy Dowden move spotted before tears over JB Gill and Lauren Oakley
The Welsh professional dancer missed last Sunday's results programme after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell" following their Halloween special performance.
Lauren, who does not have a partner for this year’s series of the BBC dancing show, stood in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB during the latest live show, for a score of 39 out of a possible 40, his highest score of the series and first 10s.
But it was Sarah Hadland who got viewers talking as she was joined by a special guest during rehearsals. It was revealed during her VT ahead of her latest performance with Vito Coppola that they had been joined by Miranda Hart as they practised their routine earlier in the week.
Sarah Hadland jokingly admitted that, unlike Vito, she wasn't "feeling like Madonna" - until her long-term pal and former Miranda co-star paid her a surprise visit in the Strictly training room.
"I'm here at Sarah and Vito's training room so like all great choreographers, I'm wearing a black turtle neck and carrying a small dog with me. So here I am", Miranda announced before walking into the room to a stunned Sarah. But the pair weren't able to catch up until after Sarah and Vito had showed her their choreography for the week before Miranda later told Vito she was "grateful" he was "looking after her friend".
And Strictly fans were delighted to see Miranda, who has been offering Sarah and Vito her support on social media throughout the competition so far after revealing she wasn't able to make it into the studio audience until her new book promotion comes to an end, and branded her and Sarah the show's 'new partnership' while questioning why the comedian and actress has never signed up to the show.
@jesshoskingx said: "Oh I love the new Strictly partnership of Miranda Hart and Sarah Hadland #Strictly." @nocontextSCD_ cheered: "MIRANDA HART ON STRICTLY!!! THIS REALLY IS ICONS WEEKS #strictly." @97_Hayden asked: "Now why has Miranda never been on #Strictly?" @castielminogue shared: "Miranda & Sarah has me crying, I love their friendship so much #Strictly."
And it resulted in a demand. @SCDJOWITA commented: "I’m starting my rally: miranda for #strictly 2025." d_a_v_e_m_a posted: "Miranda needs to be on #strictly 2025." @Peter_H_Todd added: "I would love to see Miranda Hart on Strictly Come Dancing for 2025! #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.