90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

There are endless benefits to hiring these live musicians for your celebration.
Photo by Nora Photography
In This Article
 When guests arrive at your venue on your big day, setting the mood is paramount. If elegance is what you’re after, there’s hardly a better way to make hearts swell than by incorporating a string quartet at your wedding. A group of four musicians who play string instruments, a string quartet is typically comprised of a first and second violin, a viola, and a cello. Emotionally beautiful to both the eye and ear, this ensemble makes quite the impression during various parts of a wedding. 

 While string quartets epitomize sophistication, couples can customize their impact on the big day in the same way they do other nuptial elements. “A string quartet is able to blend timeless, classic elegance with modern relevance,” says Gavon Peck of Lisesto Music Group. “Quartets immediately portray tradition, but when playing modern hits by Taylor Swift and Adele, couples are able to get the best of both worlds.”

Meet the Expert
 There are several steps involved in hiring the best string quartet for your wedding, so we (along with several experts) are breaking down every detail, from selection to etiquette, to ensure the process is smooth and enjoyable.

 It’s easy enough to play a recorded song over a speaker during your processional, but a string quartet has a unique effect on your important day. “Strings can elevate the look and feel of a wedding day by providing a timeless soundtrack of elegance,” says Michael Saulpaugh of Elegant Music Group. “It’s far more common for guests in their everyday life to come across a solo acoustic guitar player at a bar or coffee house and less so for string ensembles,” he adds. “For this reason, there is a feeling of exclusivity felt when [string quartets are] incorporated into your wedding day.”

 But if this musical act makes you think of larger-than-life, luxurious affairs only, think again. String quartets can foster intimacy for smaller, quieter gatherings as well, like a woodland wedding or ethereal garden ceremony. When recounting some of the weddings he’s performed at, Peck recalls a wide variety: “Some weddings [with string quartets] are grand and over-the-top; others are small and intimate. On either end of the spectrum, and everywhere in between, it’s so rewarding to experience the creative ways in which every couple conveys what is important to them.” 

 Of course, it's not just the type of wedding that displays string quartets’ versatility: Many groups incorporate a wide variety of genres into their repertoire. “Most of them play anything they can get the sheet music for, so you can choose traditional or contemporary/current songs on strings for variety, yet still keep it light and airy for this most important part of your wedding day,” says Heather Lowenthal of Posh Parties.

Photo by Laurken Kendall
 While string quartets are typically flexible and well-rounded when it comes to musical selection, you want to be sure that the group you choose is professional and reliable. The best way to ensure solid communication and planning is by working with a music entertainment company in your area that represents string quartets. This can often be better than dealing with a musical act directly, notes Saulpaugh. 

 When searching for a string quartet, Saulpaugh says it’s important to do your homework by reviewing live content and reading reviews. “The best of the best work often and have more opportunity to grab live recordings, thus making it easier for couples to get a true sense of how the group looks, sounds, and most importantly feels,” he says.

 As much as client reviews are beneficial, they shouldn’t be the end all be all, especially if you’re considering a relatively newer group that hasn’t had enough time to accrue them. Inquire with your representative at the music entertainment group you’re working with to find some internal favorites. “Focus on consistency of positive themes, such as musicianship being high quality, great planning process, and ease of use, as well as recency,” says Saulpaugh. 

 As for availability? The sooner you let your music rep know your wedding date and time of day, the better. This will not only avoid any logistical complications for the group itself, but will also give you the widest selection of quartets to choose from. 

 The beauty of string quartets is the ability to create a playlist with the top classical, temporary, and traditional wedding songs. Here are 20 popular instrumental options to consider.

 String quartets usually perform at the first half of a wedding—mainly during the ceremony and the cocktail hour. “Most typically, we cover guest arrival, the ceremony itself (processionals and recessional), and then cocktail hour after,” says Peck. Due to the dramatic nature of a processional and recessional and the chatter of a cocktail hour, string quartets make for the perfect soundtrack. “During these events, vocalists are not usually necessary; instrumental music is sufficient,” shares Marie Danielle Vil-Young of À Votre Service Events. 

 Two different elements make it possible for quartets to play during more than one part of a wedding. “Because of the way a quartet is structured,” Vil-Young says, “it can play at a ceremony and be relocated relatively easily to other areas of the wedding.” Secondly, Lowenthal notes that most quartets have a two-hour minimum, so it’s possible to use them for the ceremony plus cocktail hour. “It’s nice to be able to have them play traditional wedding processional music during the ceremony and then switch it up to more contemporary songs you know on strings for the cocktail hour,” she adds. 

Photo by Jenny Quicksall
 Without a doubt, communication is key for effective collaboration with a string quartet leading up to your wedding day. That goes for both musical selection and day-of logistics, so everyone is adequately prepared.

 As for music, “it’s important for a couple to be clear about their wishes to provide as much guidance as possible regarding their taste and style,” says Vil-Young. But at the end of the day, it pays to trust the experts. “It’s also important to allow the musicians some creativity to leverage their talents,” she adds. 

 The best way to be ready for the big day and any unexpected curveballs is to be prepared ahead of time. Most likely, you’ll have at least one call with the quartet leader or manager in addition to your music rep to discuss logistics. “Be sure to ask questions about equipment such as any speakers or amplifiers needed or if they’ll be provided by the quartet,” says Vil-Young. 

 Weather and climate can also have a surprising impact on the quartet’s performance, especially if your wedding is outside. “Many of the string instruments in a quartet are very expensive and can be impacted by weather changes,” says Vil-Young. “I have come across string quartets that will not play in 'extreme' cold weather,” she adds. 

 Additionally, no element is too small to bring up in the preliminary phone call, especially if you’ve thought of it. Making assumptions instead of gaining clarification can lead to unnecessary blunders day-of. “It’s important to make sure they would be ready to play 15 minutes before your invitation time and to be dressed according to your guest attire code,” Lowenthal says. That way, the look and feel is seamless and stress-free from start to finish. 

“Pricing definitely varies based on time of year and length of the booking,” says Peck. Saulpaugh notes it also changes depending on the region of the country. “Here in the greater NYC area, quartets can range on the very low side of $1,200 for the hour, all the way up to $4,000.” Both agree that couples should plan to pay reputable ensembles around $2,000 minimum per hour.
As previously noted, many string quartets have a two-hour minimum. They typically play a one-hour set followed by a short break, and can usually play between three and four sets. Usually, you can get the time you need if you pay for it. “Cost is tied to time,” says Saulpaugh.
“A string trio would be the most similar, and is often our recommendation because it provides a near one to one similarity with the quartet at a friendlier price point,” says Saulpaugh. “More simply put, it’s often difficult for an untrained musical ear to hear the nuances between the two, so you’re not losing that much value by going with a trio.” Other performances make for an impactful experience. “You could consider a harpist, which is a nice, substantial feature, or even a live singer in addition to the strings,” says Lowenthal.