ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Blackpink singer Rosé’s single “Apt.” debuts on Billboard's Radio Songs chart this week, earning the ... More star her first hit, and helping her make history in the process.   NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 07: Rosé from BLACKPINK attends the RIMOWA "Seit 1898" 125th Anniversary Exhibition at Chelsea Factory on September 07, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Steven Ferdman/Getty Images)
Almost every week, Rosé’s single “Apt.” helps her make history in another fashion. The tune, a duet with Bruno Mars, was a big win when it first arrived a month ago. Since then, the smash has continued to rise, and it regularly debuts on new Billboard charts. Every time it does, the singer manages an impressive feat—usually one that only a few artists from her part of the world have accomplished.
Rosé’s “Apt.” debuts on the Radio Songs ranking this week. The tally tracks the singles that reach the largest audiences across the U.S. via any form of radio. Usually, those tunes that manage to land on the 50-spot list are in the process of succeeding on a number of different formats at once.
This week, “Apt.” launches at No. 38 on the Radio Songs chart. That’s a lowly position, but it’s a good starting point, and one that means quite a lot to Rosé.
The Blackpink star is just the fourth solo South Korean musician to score a hit on the Radio Songs chart. It’s worth pointing out that Rosé is originally from New Zealand, though she resides largely in the Asian nation, and she built and launched her career there, in the K-pop space.
Rosé joins fellow K-pop solo superstars Psy, Jung Kook, and her own bandmate Jennie as she appears on the Radio Songs ranking. Somewhat surprisingly, Blackpink has yet to place on the chart, even though half of the singers that make up one of the biggest and most popular girl groups in that space have already done so.
Among that quartet, Jung Kook is the only one to reach the Radio Songs tally more than once. The BTS star has now seen three singles hit the tally throughout his solo career. Both Jennie and Psy have thus far landed one smash, though either of them—especially the Blackpink singer—could add to that sum whenever they release more music.
“Apt.” earns the loftiest debut on this week’s Radio Songs chart. Mars and Rosé beat arrivals from musicians like Latto (“Brokey,” No. 46), Blake Shelton (“Texas,” No. 49), and Real Boston Richey (“Help Me,” No. 50). The latest list is owned, once again, by Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which has now conquered the roster for an incredible 17 frames.
While Rosé is new to the Radio Songs chart, Mars certainly isn’t. He’s one of the most reliable hitmakers of the past decade or so, and his presence surely helped “Apt.” earn some quick love from programmers across the country. Mars has now sent 26 tracks to the tally, and that sum includes 19 top 10s and nine champions.