Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In just a couple of weeks, Beyoncé will perform songs from her album Cowboy Carter live for the first time.
Not only that, her premiere performance of the country album will be on one of the biggest stages, an NFL halftime show.
The "Diva" star is set to rock the halftime break during the Christmas Day game between the Houston Texans and the Baltimore Ravens in her hometown of Houston.
Her set was expected to be so epic that rumors circulated the NFL has extended the length of halftime to allow Beyoncé to perform longer. But her publicist, Yvette Noel-Schure, replied to a post on X, formerly Twitter, saying this was not the case.
The game is being broadcast live on Netflix and is expected to bring in a huge audience. Music icon Mariah Carey is also set to perform on the day, but that will be a taped performance of her hit "All I Want for Christmas," which will air twice on the day. It will first air before the other NFL game on the day between the Kansas City Chiefs and Pittsburgh Steelers, then again before the Texans-Ravens game.
The game between the Texans and Ravens is due to start at 4:30 p.m. ET, with the half time show beginning after the second quarter has finished.
Beyoncé has published some teasers ahead of the big game, mostly showing her dressed up in chic country attire and catching a football, but has stayed relatively tight-lipped about what fans can expect.
Newsweek reached out to Beyoncé's representatives via email on Monday for comment.
Netflix confirmed Beyoncé will be joined by some special guests on the day, and given the A-list collaborators she had on Cowboy Carter, it could mean some very big names hit the stage with her on Christmas Day.
Some of those names include Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, Linda Martell, Miley Cyrus and Post Malone. Other artists likely to make an appearance include Shaboozey, Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy and Reyna Roberts.
This will not be Beyoncé's first NFL halftime concert, having previously appeared at two Super Bowl shows.
She headlined in 2013, when she was joined onstage by her Destiny's Child bandmates, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. It became the second most-watched Super Bowl halftime show in history, according to Netflix.
Then, in 2016, Beyoncé joined Coldplay and Bruno Mars when 115.5 million tuned in to watch her debut her new song, "Formation," which she had released the day before.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC