Strictly Come Dancing fans have joked that someone deserves 'jail time' as they made the same complaint about the show's judges. It was week seven of the BBC One dance contest as the hit show returned to screens on Saturday night (November 2).
There was a first for Strictly as they introduced the first-ever Icons Week to mark the much-loved dance programme's 20th anniversary.
It saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the ballroom floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band with George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars among them.
READ MORE: Four BBC Strictly Come Dancing stars 'at risk' named amid first Icons Week
First though, all eyes were on the judges as they went all out to mbrace the new theme, with Motsi Mabuse channelling Tina Turner, Shirley Ballas coming in as Cher, Craig Revel Horwood portrayed Bee Gees' Barry Gibb while Anton Du Beke took on Rod Stewart
The couples meanwhile, also arrived into the ballroom in all manner of fancy dress with Chris McCausland sporting KISS face-paint, Pete Wicks rocking Freddie Mercury’s moustache and Jamie Borthwick donning George Michael classic Ray-Bans.
But minutes into the show it was all about the judges and there was clearly a divide. As some viewers flocked to social media to complain about the inclusion of the foursome's own dancing moment during the grand entrance, others were praising their costume efforts.
@JasonHarrison88 said: "Whoever came up with the idea of the judges doing a choreographed entrance dance deserves jail time!!! #strictly." @atvfriend wrote: "Dear god noooo, The judges dancing, noooo Cringeeeeeee #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly."
@VictorianDad2 commented: "OK, Icons Week has justified itself with the judges' outfits. I actually LOLed. #Strictly." @knitboy posted: "Whoever does the judges styling/outfits/costumes, I applaud you #strictly." @nomlet added: "Absolutely loving the judges outfits this week and last. The Shining twins in particular. Not to mention Claudia's double. Good fun. #strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.