By Matt Grobar 
Senior Film Reporter

EXCLUSIVE: Veteran PR exec AJ Feuerman has joined L.A.-based production company Valhalla Entertainment as Vice President, Publicity & Marketing. 

	She reports directly to Founder & CEO, Gale Anne Hurd, and in her new role will oversee all publicity and marketing efforts for Valhalla properties, as well as event execution and social media content. Feuerman comes to the company after working with Valhalla at her previous company @ajfeuerman Communications.

	2024 is a landmark year for Valhalla with the 40th anniversary of The Terminator, the restored 4K release of The Abyss and the 25th anniversary of Dick. An exec producer on The Walking Dead, as well as Fear the Walking Dead, Tales of the Walking Dead, and Talking Dead, Hurd also serves in that capacity on current spin-offs Dead City, Daryl Dixon, and The Ones Who Live.

	“Joining Valhalla is a dream role for me,” stated Feuerman. “Gale is behind some of the most iconic films and TV series in history and I look forward to learning from her and collaborating with her and the whole Valhalla team – especially in such an exciting year of milestones.”

	Added Hurd, “We are thrilled to welcome AJ to our team. Her wealth of experience and proven track record in our industry make her a valuable asset. With her expertise and passion for independent film, we are poised to reach new heights in effectively sharing our content and engaging with the industry and audiences.”

	Boasting experience in publicity, social media and marketing across the entertainment, lifestyle and tech industries, Feuerman most recently served as influencer marketing agency QYOU Media’s Vice President of Communications. Prior to that, she founded @ajfeuerman Communications where clients included Valhalla, Freestyle Digital Media, Buffalo 8, Good Deed Entertainment, Riverside Entertainment, Rogers & Cowan PMK and more. 

	Previously, Feuerman served as Director of PR and Social Media for indie film distributor, Gravitas Ventures, and was also the Manager of Digital PR and Social Communities for AEG Live, overseeing the implementation of social media strategy, online advocacy, community outreach and promotions, among other duties for local, regional and national concert tours for artists such as Bon Jovi, The Who, The Rolling Stones, Katy Perry, George Strait and Bruno Mars. She’s also worked for Millennium Entertainment, for Think Jam on 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment titles, and began her career at Hallmark Channel.

	In addition, Feuerman is an Adjunct Instructor in social media for UCLA’s Extension Program. She is a member of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences as well as Film Independent, having earned her B.F.A. from New York University and her M.A. from the University of Southern California. 

	Founded by Hurd in 1982, Valhalla’s other recent projects include Prime Video’s adaptation of the hit podcast Lore, as well as two seasons of USA Network’s Falling Water and SyFy Network’s Hunters. Behind such landmark blockbusters as The Terminator, The Abyss, Aliens and Armageddon, the company’s portfolio also features acclaimed documentaries like The Youtube Effect and Native American-focused works such as Mankiller.

					This article was printed from					https://deadline.com/2024/04/valhalla-entertainment-names-aj-feuerman-vp-publicity-marketing-1235872977/				
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.