Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Fire up those grills and pack the beach blankets because it’s summertime and like the popular song says, “The livin’ is easy.”
We just checked the forecast and it looks like nothing but good vibes for the foreseeable future, and that means there's no time like the present to take advantage of the all-too-short months between Memorial Day and Labor Day.
Whatever plans you've got on the calendar to enjoy the sunshine, they're sure to be next-level when you add these choice summer songs to the mix.
To help curate the soundtrack for the Summer of ‘24, we’ve collected a list of feel-good tunes to add to your playlist this year that includes just the right blend of classic summer songs like “Hot Fun in the Summertime” by Sly and the Family Stone and the beloved Mungo Jerry hit, “In the Summertime.”
You’ll also find plenty of contemporary singles from the likes of Harry Styles, Dua Lipa, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift, who naturally makes the cut with her 2019 hit “Cruel Summer.”
Also included in this bonanza of happy summer songs are country hits, pop tunes and good ol’ fashioned classics from the ‘70s, ‘80s, ‘90s and today.
So, kick back, fill up your cup with lemonade and get ready to let good times roll. 
The title track off of “Barbie,” last summer’s runaway blockbuster movie, Dua Lipa’s “Dance the Night” is the essential song to kick off your summer songs playlist and promises to instantly get everyone feeling those happy summer vibes.
Without a doubt, “Cowboy Carter” is going to be the defining album of the Summer of ‘24. Grab your cowboy hat and get ready to line dance to Queen Bey’s “Texas Hold ‘Em.” 
Ariana Grande and Mariah Carey team up on this head-bobbing single that practically begs to be played at full volume in the car. Windows all the way down, naturally. 
Ed Sheeran wants to be that guy who kisses your eyes and drinks your smile and he talks all about it in his 2021 hit “Shivers,” a high-energy song that’ll have everyone singing along. 
If ever a song evoked feelings of basking in the glow of warm sunshine, it’s Harry Styles song “Golden.” A cut off Styles’ 2019 album, “Fine Line,” this song is doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, good. 
The Kylie Minogue hit, “Padam Padam” is earworm if there ever was one. What does it mean? During a 2023 appearance on TODAY, Minogue confirmed that it represents the sound of a beating heart and its infectious rhythm will have you tapping your toes along to the beat. Padam, padam. 
What’s summer if not one big long holiday? Madonna’s 1983 hit single”Holiday” is the eternal ode to taking a well-deserved break tand bringing back all of those happy days. 
Another Dua Lipa hit makes the summer songs cut (with more to come). With its ‘80s-inspired synth line and high-energy beat, this single is, dare we say, pure magic. 
This timeless classic by Seals & Crofts evokes thoughts of warm summer days spent lazing by the pool or catching some rays at the beach. “Summer Breeze” makes us feel fine.
Here’s what happens when Latto brings her energy to Mimi’s 1995 hit, “Fantasy.” If you can only picture Pedro Pascal dancing to this tune, you’ve officially watched way too much TikTok.
This 1969 tune by Sly & The Family Stone makes us want to sip iced tea while lazing around on a hot July day. Nothing better than hot fun in the summertime. 
The West Coast represents in this summertime classic that makes us want to drink gin and juice while beaching it in our Daisy Dukes (bikinis on top). 
We feel alive, we feel the love, we feel the love that's really real in this '80s classic by Katrina and the Waves. This is the ultimate summer song and, admit it, don't it feel good?
Sing along with Mungo Jerry as he dee-dee-dee's and dah-dah-dah's his way through this 1970 hit.
Harry Styles dominated the summer of ‘22 with his album “Harry’s House,” which, unsurprisingly, scored the musician a Grammy for Album of the Year. The first single, “As it Was,” is everything you could ever want from a summer song and then some.
Baby, this song makes us want to roll the windows down and cruise, Chevy lift kit and all. Florida Georgia Line's 2013 country crossover hit completely captures the essence of driving down the highway on a warm summer's night.
The name sums it perfectly. This summer song covers all the bases including talk of sand, ocean waves, California dreamin' and watching the sunset from the rooftop. 
All Sheryl Crow wants to do is soak up some sun and tell the rest of the world to lighten up. And, boy, can we relate. There's no better way to spend a summer day than by drinking in all that sunshine.
You can’t deny that summer is just one endless party. Pink’s “Get the Party Started” is guaranteed to jumpstart whatever fun plans you’ve got on the calendar to make the most of every minute. 
Turn up the music, turn down the lights. We've got a feeling, it's all going to be alright ... just as long as this Lizzo song is playing on full blast. 
Glitter in the sky, glitter in our eyes, Due Lip and DaBaby take us for a ride. 
If you see a faded sign by the side of the road that says 15 miles to the Love Shack, do not hesitate, do not pass go, just take the exit and join the line of revelers waiting to get dowwwwn. 
“Sucker” is an earworm of epic proportions and will have you singing along as they dance on top of cars, stumble out of bars and go just about anywhere blindly. 
Kelly Clarkson’s been inspiring us since winning the the first season of “American Idol” back in 2002. This toe-tapping anthem from her “Breakaway” album will have you belting out the chorus wherever you are. 
This Ariana Grande song went all the way to No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in May of 2018 and remained on the charts throughout the summer, establishing the single as a bona fide summer hit,
Extra, extra, Nelly is here with a solution to, uh, cool down in the heat of summer. With its suggestive lyrics, “Hot in Herre” raised some eyebrows back in the day. Even so, the song spent seven weeks at No. 1 during the summer of 2002. 
Players gonna play, play, play, play, play. Haters gonna hate, hate, hate ... well, you get the drift. Not a Swiftie? Just shake it off and move on to the next song.
Before they were officially Beyoncé and Jay-Z, the producer and singer teamed up for this 2003 collab that practically sizzles it’s so hot. The first single off Beyoncé’s “Dangerously in Love” album, “Crazy in Love” ruled the charts and firmly established Queen Bey as  the ruler of the music universe. 
This hit single from the Minions movie “Despicable Me” is so infectious you won’t be able to help yourself from singing along. Period. The end.
One listen to Britney’s “Toxic” will take you on a one-way ride to a poison paradise. Released more than 20 years ago, this head-trippy, high-octane tune is still a summer favorite. 
Why do we love “Sugar”? Because it’s so sweet, naturally. Forgive our funny pun, we just couldn’t help ourselves. Along with so many of the band’s other big hits, “Sugar” is infectious and toe-tapping fun.
Originally recorded by Eddie Cochran back in 1958, Alan Jackson's updated country cover is about as much fun as it gets. If you've got a bad case of the summertime blues, we've got the cure: a trip to the beach. 
Released back in 2015, “Can’t Feel My Face” officially established The Weeknd as a superstar and this bass-driven tune is exactly the kind of head-nodding summer song your playlist calls for.
Who can forget J. Lo’s sizzling halftime performance at the 2020 Super Bowl with fellow pop star Shakira? The pair memorably teamed up on a number of hits, including “Let’s Get Loud,” a Salsa-driven song that absolutely deserves a spot on your summer songs setlist.
This 2013 tune recently broke one billion (that's with a capital "B") views on YouTube. Why? Because it makes us want to scream, shout and let it all out.
Calling all party rockers in the house tonight! A favorite at weddings, clubs and just about anywhere else, “Party Rock Anthem” is a surefire way to get the party started.
This 2017 hit by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi is unstoppable and will make you and the crew want to dance all night long. 
The only thing better than this song is the brilliant video featuring André 3000 decked out in green and performing as every single member in the band. 
A cut off the “Trolls” soundtrack, Justin Timberlake’s “Can’t Stop the Feeling!” will have you singing and dancing in no time flat. Summer, winter, fall or spring, this one’s guaranteed to get everyone to dance, dance, dance.
We’re pretty sure this one’s not about indulging in dessert — or maybe it is. Either way, we’re blushing, but also more than happy to join Joe Jonas and the rest of DNCE in this infectious song that ruled the charts back in 2016.
Have trouble remembering lyrics a decade after this song’s release? If you can just remember, “We found love in a hopeless place,” you’ve pretty much got the entire song covered.
He got friendly, holding her hand and, well, she got friendly down in the sand. The rest, as they say, is history. A-wella, wella, wella. Tell us more!
This peppy, uptempo tune gives us all the summer vibes. Released in 2021, it begs to be listened to on the beach, at the pool or wherever you're whiling away the hours. Can we get an amen? 
In the summer of 2009, the Black Eyed Peas dominated the music charts with their album “The E.N.D.” and went all the way to No. 1 with “I Gotta Feeling,” knocking out their other song “Boom Boom Pow” in the process. 
The ultimate mashup of Warren Zevon’s “Werewolves of London” and Lynyrd Skynyrd’s “Sweet Home Alabama,” Kid Rock’s “All Summer Long” perfectly captures the euphoria that comes from fishing off the dock, campfires and sipping whiskey out the bottle.
Does a playlist even exist if Taylor Swift isn't on it? The answer is a resounding no. Who can't relate to the Eras singer's lament about having a summer romance with a bad, bad boy who leaves you drunk in the back of the car? Exactly.
What do you get when you cross the smooth stylings of DJ Calvin Harris (who happens to sing on this one) with hot, sunny days? Yep, you guessed it: This summer song appropriately titled "Summer."
Just press “play” on this 1987 Buster Poindexter song and, we promise, you'll be forming a conga line in no time. Yessss sir!
Here’s the thing: This Harry Styles song isn’t about watermelon or sugar. Still, it’s guaranteed to put you in a summer state of mind the second you hear Harry croon, “Tastes like strawberries, on a summer evenin’.”
Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus make us want to pull out our cowboy boots, saddle up and head to the saloon. This chart-topper made a superstar out of Lil Nas X who took home the Grammy for Best Music Video in 2020.
Bad habits, everyone's got 'em. Whether you bite your nails or don't exercise enough, it probably doesn't compare to Ed Sheeran, whose bad habits are leading him spend late nights endin’ alone and making conversation with strangers he hardly knows. 
One of the most-streamed artist in the world, The Weeknd sure knows how to spin 'em. This time around, he sings about regretting past relationships while an 80s-inspired beat plays in the background.
This 1977 song by Electric Light Orchestra (or ELO) extols the very best virtues of summer, a bright sunny day and that good feeling you get when you step outside to embrace the day. 
Katy Perry’s “Teenage Dream” makes us feel like hopping in the car, driving to California and being young  forever. The album (by the same name) made history after Perry became the first woman to score five No. 1 singles off the same record. 
Hey, we just met and it’s probably crazy, but here’s this great summer song called “Call Me Maybe.” Before Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen came into our lives with this classic 2011 song, we missed her so bad, so, so bad.
Using a sample from Etta James’ 1962 single “Something’s Got a Hold of Me,” this Flo Rida song will make you feel good all summer long. 
Caught in a bad romance? Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh. Rah, rah-ah-ah-ah, you're in good company.  
Shawn Mendes dropped this single in May of 2019 and by July, it was literally pouring out of every open car window. Reaching No. 2 on the Billboard 100, “If I Can’t Have You” is Mendes’ second highest charting song behind “Senorita,” his duet with Camila Cabello, which went to No. 1 that same summer.
One, two, three, four, five, everybody in the car, so come on, let’s ride just about anywhere as long as “Mambo No. 5” is playin’ in the car. Covered by German singer Lou Bega, it’s a party song for the ages and we dare you to sit still while it’s playing. 
Players, whatcha all tryin' to do? Get those pinky rings up to the moon, then dance along with Bruno Mars and embrace the 24K magic that's in the air this summer.
The ultimate anthem for anyone who’s ever partied a little too hard, Katy Perry’s “Last Friday Night” is an ode to making the kind of memories you’ll forget about — at least until you see the damage on social media the next day. And then? You’ll do it all again. 
We may never know what “Wang-Chung tonight” means, but either way, this feel-good ‘80s song embodies good times and having a blast with your pals. 
Released back in 1966, this rock tune by The Lovin' Spoonful speaks of sweatin' it out amid the heat of the big city and the sweet relief that comes after the sun goes down.
Don’t be so quick to walk away because Justin Timberlake’s “Rock Your Body” continues to be a fan favorite more than 20 years after it was released.
Daft Punk may wear helmets to conceal their faces from the public, but it doesn’t stop fans from loving their music. “Get Lucky” ruled the radio during the spring and summer of 2013 and remains a warm-weather favorite.
J. Lo (maybe you've heard of her?) released this Latin-infused song with Pitbull back in 2011. Add it to your soundtrack for a day of sand, sun and fun.
Blame it on the Goose, blame it on the juice, blame it on whatever you like, but there's no denying that this Lizzo song will get your heart pumping during summer (and the rest of the year, too).
 “All the Single Ladies.” Any questions? 
Oh my, my, my, this BTS and Halsey collaboration is summer gold. Released in April of 2019, the song was on endless rotation throughout the season and for good reason. It's infectious, upbeat and the perfect soundtrack for any (and all) of your summer activities. 
This old-school tune has been covered by countless artists including the Rolling Stones, John Mellencamp and even Bruce Willis. It's  a lazy summer day all bottled up into one perfect song. 
Bruno Mars spent six weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 back in 2012 with this ab-fab song that is just way too much fun. 
“Chicken Fried” by the Zac Brown Band shot to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs in 2008 and remains a classic. The lyrics pay homage to all the virtues of the South including sweet tea, pecan pie, homemade wine and, of course, fried chicken. 
Hip-hip! Weezer totally nails the chill summer vibe that comes from hanging out and soaking in the rays. 
The Beach Boys’ “Good Vibrations” sums up life under the California sunshine. But if you’ve seen Jordan Peele’s “Us,” this happy tune may take you in a totally different direction.
Before Harry Styles was, well, Harry Styles, he was in a little-known boy band called “One Direction.” Sound familiar? Released in 2011, “What Makes You Beautiful” was the debut hit that started it all.
If ever there was a summer song, “Sunroof” by Nicky Youre and dazy is it. With lyrics like “I got my head out the sunroof, I’m blasting our favorite tunes,” you’ll be singing along on your way to the beach, barbecue or wherever your summer plans take you. 
The eternal party song for any and all occasions, “Uptown Funk” is a must to blast from the car windows as you and your crew prepare for a summer day or night chock full of fun.
Sarah Lemire is a lifestyle and entertainment reporter for TODAY based in New York City. She covers holidays, celebrities and everything in between. 
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.