MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
The rooftop terrace at the Grammy Museum in downtown Los Angeles officially has a new name Tuesday, with the space dedicated in honor of legendary musician Ray Charles.
The Ray Charles Terrace was officially opened Monday night with a gala event hosted by Grammy-winning producer Jimmy Jam. Aloe Blacc and Jac Ross both performed at the star-studded event.
The renaming of the terrace followed a $2 million donation made by the Ray Charles Foundation to the Grammy Museum Foundation. The funds will benefit the museum’s Campaign for Music Education, which is aimed at expanding access to music education programs, including the Grammy in the Schools program.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
“The Grammy Museum embodies the spirit of our mission to empower young people through education,” Valerie Ervin, president of The Ray Charles Foundation, said in a statement when the donation was announced earlier this month. “We are thrilled to be able to continue our partnership with the museum and help them achieve their goal of expanding music education and fostering a love of music in our next generation.”
The museum’s Campaign for Music Education is a nationwide effort, featuring co-chairs including Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Bruno Mars, Shawn Mendes and Rosalia.
According to the museum, the rooftop terrace offers 180-degree views of downtown Los Angeles and the Hollywood sign, and it hosts more than 150 events every year.
The renaming ceremony was held as part of Grammy Week activities leading up to Sunday night’s Grammy Awards at Crypto.com Arena.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!