Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden has been flooded with praise as she issued a message of support to her partner, JB Gill. Amy is set to miss tonight's show after she collapsed and was taken to hospital after last week's episode.
A spokesperson for the dancer confirmed to BBC news: "Amy was feeling unwell and so an ambulance was called as a precaution. She is feeling much better and would like to thank the Strictly family for their love and concern." They added: "We request Amy's privacy in matters of health is kindly respected."
The Welsh dancer has been replaced on tonight's episode by Lauren Oakley, who will take to the dancefloor with JB to perform their Couple's Choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley. Amy has taken to Instagram for the first time since her health scare to wish the two well on Saturday's episode.
She said: "Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight! I’m going to be your biggest cheerleader! @jbgill it says everything how you’ve been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number ( so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me! I’m so lucky! You’re a STAR! I know what tonight means to you! Thank you!
She added: "@laurenmayoakley thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you! You know I’ve always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool tower at 8 years old to tell you! Thank you darling!
"@lizzie.gough you for choreographing such a brilliant routine! LOVE IT! Thank you! Also a big thank you for all the love and support I’ve received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped! Now tune into the first ever ICONS week on strictly!"
JB took to the comments and responded: "@amy_dowden you are the best. Your belief in me is so uplifting and your fighting spirit is second to none! Thank you for being my biggest champion and I know that @laurenmayoakley and I will do you PROUD"
Fans also took to the comments to share messages of support. Cariad said: "strictly is gonna feel so weird without you being there tonight. Hope you're feeling better, ames. Love you so much!!"
Claire said: "Hope you are feeling better very soon. Been great to see you back on the show each week" Marcus commented: "So glad you’re feeling better Amy, you’re amazing and such an inspiration. Can’t wait to see Lauren and JB tonight but looking forward to hopefully seeing you back on the dancefloor where you belong next week!"
Amy returned to the Strictly line-up this season after she was diagnosed with breast cancer in May 2023 aged 32. The now 34 year old underwent a mastectomy and fertility treatment.
Amy appeared on yesterday's It Takes Two and issued a positive health update. She said: "I’m feeling so much better and I’d just like to thank everyone for all the love and support I’ve received and to my Strictly family."
She regularly keeps fans updated with her health journey and took to Instagram earlier this year to reflect on her health battle a year on from her diagnosis. She said in May: "These past few weeks and especially days I’ve constantly been thinking this time last year I was having this test, or this appointment.
"A year ago today it was confirmed what we thought it was but it became reality and my life changed forever when the Dr said we are sorry Amy it’s cancer.
"I can’t believe it’s been a year and all what my body has been through and achieved. A year ago Ben, myself and my twin sister cried together and had to pull ourselves together as we had to break the news to my parents and just knowing the heartache and worry it was going to cause.
"I used to lay awake for hours with my mind going to all sorts of places, would I make it to Christmas, would I dance again, how’s Ben going to cope, I don’t want to lose my hair , you name it. I wish I knew then how I would be a year on. I told myself constantly this too shall pass and a year on, my hair growing back, my energy getting better and better, back dancing and most importantly spending time with my family and friends and appreciating life.
"I have a new body I'm still learning to accept and like, but do you know what it got me through the hardest time and I’m so proud of myself. Too many people are affected by cancer and I’ll do all I can now to raise awareness and give back. To those struggling right now I’m sending you love and strength.
"To those family and friends who stuck by me I’m forever grateful to you! I know I’m lucky and blessed for another shot at life, here’s to a healthier, better, happier and dancing year ahead! …. Now a gentle reminder have you checked your chest this month? Early detection can save lives."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.