Fans have been left stunned after learning Oscar-winning actress Emma Stone 's first name isn't even Emma.
The revelation came as the 35-year-old actress appeared on stage during a press conference and seemed delighted when a reporter used her birth name instead of stage moniker.
It’s not unusual for actors and musicians to go by a different name to the one they were given at birth. Take Marshal Mathers for instance, better known as Eminem, or Winona Ryder, who was actually born Winona Laura Horowitz.
Sometimes it's because celebs don’t think their name has enough ‘star appeal’ to stand out among the crowd, while others really don’t like their given moniker and are keen to change it the first chance they get.
Emma Stone has never hidden the fact that her birth name is actually Emily, but she goes by Emma professionally because her real name was taken by another actor in the SAG-AFTRA union.
Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter, the Oscar-winning actress said: “When I get to know them, people that I work with do. It’s just because my name was taken. Then I freaked out a couple of years ago.”
The La La Land star admitted she suffered an identity crisis when she realised she wanted to be known as Emily instead, but had already built her career on her stage name.
Revealing how she came up with her stage name on The Tonight Show in 2018, Stone told host Jimmy Fallon she wanted to be called Emma after her favourite Spice Girl, Emma Bunton, also known as Baby Spice.
She said: “Growing up, I was super blonde, and my real name is Emily, but I wanted to be called Emma because of Baby Spice and guess what? Now I am.”
Shared on X, formerly Twitter, one user wrote: “Just found out emma stone’s real name is emily.” Another user responded: “What? my life is a lie.” Someone else penned: “wait what?” A fourth user wrote: “and who gave you the right to ruin my life with this information?”
Stone isn't the only star with a childhood connection to her stage name. Best-selling music artist Bruno Mars got his iconic stage name thanks to a nickname from his dad.
The Just The Way You Are singer was born Peter Gene Hernandez and despite his success, some of his loyal listeners have been left wondering how he came to be known as Bruno Mars, considering the moniker is worlds away from his real name.
One Quora user asked: "How did Bruno Mars get his name?" According to IMDb, the now 31-year-old singer was given the nickname Bruno as a toddler by his father due to his resemblance to wrestler Bruno Sammartino.
A statement reads: "You may know Bruno Mars as a multi-talented performer and a brilliant songwriter, but do you know his real name? It's very common for celebrities to go by stage names that completely differ from the monikers they were given at birth, and Bruno is one of those stars.
"Born Peter Gene Hernandez, the 31-year-old singer landed the nickname Bruno as a toddler because he resembled famous wrestler Bruno Sammartino.
"While seeking a recording contract at the age of 17 in La, Bruno acquired the last name Mars because of the responses he would receive: 'Your last name's Hernandez, maybe you should do this Latin music, this Spanish music . . . Enrique's so hot right now.' Maybe he wanted to sound like he was from another planet?"
Do you have a story to share? Email eve.wagstaff@reachplc.com
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.