Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Contact us by Email
March 16 2024, Published 4:30 p.m. ET
Bruno Mars has allegedly gambled his way into millions of dollars of debt at a Las Vegas casino, RadarOnline.com has learned.
"He owes millions to the MGM (from gambling)," a Vegas insider told NewsNation, adding that the singer's debts have gotten as high as $50 million. 
"(MGM) basically own him," they said.
Bruno Mars allegedly owes millions in debt to MGM.
Mars, who briefly supported himself as a professional poker player before achieving chart-topping success as a pop star, signed a long-term contract with MGM back in 2016.
"Bruno is among the most talented performers in the world and we are excited to start a long-term relationship with him across our industry-leading portfolio of entertainment venues," Bill Hornbuckle, president of MGM Resorts International, announced at the time. 
"There is no stronger launching pad for a new venue than for Bruno Mars to be among the first to grace its stage, and we get to do it twice, an amazing beginning to a multi-year partnership."
The singer signed a long-term deal with MGM in 2016.
According to the source, "He makes $90 million a year off of the deal he did with the casino, but then he has to pay back his debt ... after taxes (Mars makes $1.5 million per night)."
The musician's partnership with MGM continued in February, when Mars opened a new cocktail bar and lounge, The Pinky Ring, inside MGM's Bellagio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. 
Mars debuted the venue with a performance featuring his longtime band the Hooligans attended by fellow artists and celebs including 
Janelle Monáe, Lady Gaga, Victoria Monét, Babyface, T-Pain, Gayle King, Karrueche Tran, and Lucky Daye.
"He makes $90 million a year off of the deal he did with the casino, but then he has to pay back his debt," a source said.
"I've been performing in Vegas for years, and I've always wanted a place where I could throw glamorous parties when I’m in town. A place that felt like my personal penthouse suite, with live music and sensational cocktails," Mars said in a statement. "The Pinky Ring is that."
"There’s nobody in the world as fabulous as Bruno Mars," added Ari Kastrati, chief hospitality officer for MGM Resorts International. "It's been a fun experience to let him take the reins to reimagine this space. From the carpet to the ceiling, this is all him. Collaborating with one of the entertainment industry's biggest stars to reimagine what a night out in Las Vegas should be represents an incredible moment in this resort's story."
Mars opened a cocktail bar inside MGM's Bellagio Hotel & Casino in February.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.