Please purchase a subscription to read our premium content. If you have a subscription, please log in or sign up for an account on our website to continue.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.

THIS SERVICE IS THE EXACT REPLICA OF OUR NEWSPAPER  - PAGE BY PAGE AS IF IT WERE IN YOUR HANDS. BECOME A MEMBER TODAY! 
Get Started in accessing our paid content at no additional fee for the duration of your membership. To signup for a new membership please click here.
Concerts in the Park begin June 12
The Chino Hills summertime “Concerts in the Park” will be held at Veterans Park from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Wednesdays beginning June 12 and continuing until July 31 with the exception of Independence Day when a celebration will take place on Wednesday, July 3 from 5 to 9 p.m. with the concert featuring Fortunate Sons, a tribute to Creedence Clearwater Revival, at 6:45 p.m.
Concerts are as follows: Gold Rush Country, contemporary country, June 12; Mirage, visions of Fleetwood Mac, June 19; Bruno and the Hooligans, a Bruno Mars tribute band, June 26; Neon Nation, ultimate 80s experience, July 10; The Trip, through the decades, July 17; Queen Legion, modern-day tribute to Queen, July 24; and Abba Fab, an Abba tribute band, July 31.
The Chino Hills Movies in the Park series will begin Thursday, June 6 and run until Thursday, Aug. 1 at the Chino Hills Community Center, 14250 Peyton Drive.
Activities begin at 6:30 p.m. and the movie will start at approximately 8 p.m. Light refreshments and concessions will be available for purchase.
The movies will be shown as follows: June 6, Elemental; June 13, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutant Mayhem; June 20, The Super Mario Bros. Movie; June 27, Little Giants; July 11, Trolls Band Together; July 18, DC League of Super-Pets; July 25, Migration; and Aug. 1, Wonka.
Concerts on the lawn
begins June 13
The City of Chino’s Concerts on the lawn series begins Thursday, June 13, and will run until Friday, July 26, at the Chino City Hall lawn, 13220 Central Ave. The event is held Thursdays from 7 to 9 p.m., with the exception of Britain’s Finest, a Beatles tribute, which will perform Friday, July 26, at Founders Park, 8151 W. Preserve Loop. Food will be available for purchase from the Chino Kiwanis Club. Guests should bring a blanket and lawn chairs. The schedule of performances is as follows: Red Hot Cholo Peppers, a Red Hot Chili Peppers tribute, June 13; Ransom, Rock, June 20; Private Eyes, a Hall and Oates tribute, June 27; Soto, Latin and RnB, July 11; No Duh, a No Doubt tribute, July 18.  Information: chinokiwanis.com
Summer Movies
to start June 14
Chino’s summer movies on the lawn will begin Friday, June 14, and run until Friday, July 26 at the Chino City Hall lawn, 13220 Central Ave. Family activities kick off on Fridays at 6:30 p.m., and movies will be shown at dusk.
Food and retail vendor booths will be available.
There will be no movie shown Friday, June 28, when the Fireworks Spectacular will be held from 4 to 10 p.m. at Ayala Park, 5575 Edison Ave.  The movie schedule is as follows: June 14, Barbie; June 21, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem; July 5, Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile; July 12, The Super Mario Bros. Movie (2023); July 19, Elemental; July 26, Wonka. 
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.

                            Register to receive our free daily newsletter by email
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
                                    

Error! There was an error processing your request.
                                    

                            The Champion's newsletter is emailed Monday through Friday 
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Would you like to receive our breaking news news? Signup today!
e-Edition Only - $39.00 Year
This is the exact replica of our weekly printed paper.
Great for searching archives!
Would you like to receive our news updates? Signup today!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: