Amy Dowden MBE won't be dancing alongside JB Gill again this year.
Amy Dowden will not return to the competition of Strictly Come Dancing this year after stepping away last month.
The professional dancer returned to the competition earlier this year following treatment for breast cancer, which had caused her to miss the 2023 run.
Dowden was partnered with JLS star JB Gill on the show until an injury on Halloween Week (Saturday 26th October 2024) forced her to visit a hospital and prevented her from performing on last Saturday's show.
JB danced his couple's choice dance to a medley of Bruno Mars tracks alongside Amy's colleague Lauren Oakley, with Dowden watching from the audience and cheering the pair on, even being reduced to tears by the performance after JB scored 39 points.
Now on Strictly It Takes Two on Monday (4th November 2024), it has been confirmed that Amy won't return to dance on the show this season.
A Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson revealed: "Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year. 
"Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley will step in as JB’s dance partner. 
"The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes."
Oakley herself previously responded to Amy stepping away last week on Instagram by writing: "Sending you so much love & well wishes @amy_dowden.
"Hope you’re back on the dance floor as soon as possible. I will look after @jbgill for you this week. I hope we make you proud." 
Sign up to receive the latest and greatest from the world of entertainment
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Previously, following her first week back on the dance floor after her last absence, Dowden was met with a standing ovation.
Lead judge Shirley Ballas said: "Amy, you're home where you belong, and I have to say, that choreography was absolutely outstanding."
We look forward to seeing Amy back on the show dancing again soon.
Read More: 
Strictly Come Dancing continues next Saturday on BBC One and iPlayer.
Check out more of our Entertainment coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what else is on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Lewis Knight is the Trends Editor for Radio Times, covering trending titles from TV, Film and more. He previously worked at The Mirror in TV, Film, and Showbiz coverage alongside work on SEO. Alongside his past work in advertising, he possesses a BSc in Psychology and an MA in Film Studies.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!