ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 30: Drake speaks onstage during Drake's Till Death Do Us Part rap ... More battle on October 30, 2021 in Long Beach, California. Drake's Take Care is the fifteenth album to spend 600 weeks on the Billboard 200. The rapper joins Adele, AC/DC, Michael Jackson, Bob Marley, and Pink Floyd in the feat. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Drake has been releasing new music recently, but not in any seemingly organized manner. The rapper has doled out a handful of tunes that were reportedly castaways, giving fans more to love as he works on his next album. While his following surely enjoys hearing tracks for the first time, one of his earliest full-lengths remains a favorite, and the constant streaming from millions across the country has now helped the title make history.
Take Care manages a feat that very few albums have accomplished in the decades that Billboard has been publishing its charts. Drake’s full-length has now lived on the Billboard 200, the all-encompassing ranking of the most-consumed albums in the country, for 600 weeks.
Drake is just the fifteenth musical act to ever see a project spend that much time on the competitive chart. So far, no one has managed to keep more than a single studio effort on the tally for 600 weeks, and the Canadian talent is in some truly incredible company.
The record for the most weeks spent on the Billboard 200 still belongs to Pink Floyd’s The Dark Side of the Moon. That set only needs 10 more frames before it becomes the first to reach 1,000 turns on the tally. Bob Marley and the Wailers’ Legend compilation is in second place, with 850 frames–a figure it reaches this week.
The group of artists who have all collected a single 600-week charter also includes Journey, Metallica, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Eminem, Bruno Mars, Guns N’ Roses, Nirvana, Michael Jackson, AC/DC, Queen, and Adele. Take Care is just the second traditional hip-hop album to make the cut, as it was beaten by Kendrick Lamar’s Good Kid, M.A.A.D City. That title is just 18 frames ahead of Drake’s release, though neither seemingly ever falls from the ranking, so they may never tie.
This week, Take Care sits at No. 61 on the Billboard 200, rising just one rung. Luminate reports that the title moved another 14,500 equivalent units in the past tracking period, with just under 1,000 of those being pure purchases.
Drake always fills several spaces on the Billboard 200, as he remains one of the most popular and most-listened-to musicians on the planet. This time around, he occupies a half-dozen slots on the tally, with Take Care amazingly ranking as his second-loftiest title. Only For All The Dogs sits higher, and this frame, it settles at No. 42.