Joaquin Phoenix also joins in on the fun
A new clip from Joker: Folie à Deux has been released and sees Lady Gaga‘s Harleen “Lee” Quinzel singing a rendition of ‘Get Happy’ – watch it below.
Yesterday (September 3), the first official clip from Todd Phillips‘ Joker sequel was shared on social media. In the clip, Gaga – who plays a version of Harley Quinn – is seen singing ‘Get Happy’ from the 1950 Judy Garland-starring film Summer Stock to Joaquin Phoenix‘s Arthur Fleck.
The clip starts with the two sharing a conversation, in which Quinzel tells Fleck that she was a fan of an act he had committed in the first film. It ends with Fleck joining in, singing along with Quinzel. Watch the clip below.
Here is a new clip from "Joker: Folie À Deux," starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga.
Watch the trailer: https://t.co/6O6turMHBs pic.twitter.com/enleiqWhxk
— IndieWire (@IndieWire) September 3, 2024
The sequel to 2019’s Joker will be released in cinemas on October 4, exactly five years after the original film came out.
Last month, director Todd Phillips suggested the Folie à Deux will be the final film in his Joker franchise: “It was fun to play in this sort of sandbox for two movies, but I think we’ve said what we wanted to say in this world.”
In a glowing five-star review of 2019’s Joker, NME wrote: “Yup, instant classic. Bold words. Bold proclamation. It is said without fear of plausible recrimination. Todd Phillips isn’t clowning around. This is edge-of-your-seat stuff. This is outstanding.”
Most recently, Lady Gaga revealed that the first single from her upcoming seventh studio album will arrive sometime in October. No other information has been shared yet, but will be her first new material since last month’s ‘Die With A Smile’, a surprise collaboration with Bruno Mars, and the album will be her first solo LP since 2020’s ‘Chromatica’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.