Strictly Come Dancing fans have said not giving Lauren Oakley a dance partner this season has been the "worst decision" by BBC bosses.


  Lauren, who was filling in for Amy Dowden, danced with JLS star JB Gill during Icon Week.


  The coupling danced to a selection of Bruno Mars songs and received an outstanding score of 39 from the judges.


  Fans were quick to praise the performance on X, formerly Twitter, with one viewer writing: "Not giving Lauren a partner was the worst decision this year. She is fantastic to watch!"


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)






A post shared by Amy Dowden MBE (@amy_dowden)


  Another said: "As much as I love Amy I find Lauren’s choreography refreshing and a lot better."


  A third added: "I think Lauren was probably more suited to that dance than Amy would have been, so a good week for a temporary partner."


  This comes after Chris McCausland revealed that he turned down extra assistance from Strictly Come Dancing bosses.


  He said that his first performance on the BBC show came with "a lot of nerves" and that he was "worried" that he may not be able to dance.


  Because of this, bosses were willing to make some reasonable changes to help him.


  He said: "They did offer me and say 'Would you like us to ask the audience to be quiet while you're dancing so it doesn't affect you?'"


Strictly to mark 'icons' in brand new themed week as Amy Dowden misses show


Strictly's JB Gill breaks silence after Amy Dowden 'collapses' backstage


Strictly fans 'concerned' after Chris McCausland's 'emotional' performance


  He added that it "was a nice offer" but recalled how he refused the help, telling the presenters: "I'd rather go out in a blaze of glory in two weeks than do eight weeks in silence."


  On Monday, he issued a warning to show bosses, telling presenter Fleur East that his last dance was "horrible".


  He added: "I don't like going on first and if they put me on first again, we're going to be having words. My routine went out the window."


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.