By
Tina Benitez-Eves
Like Justin Bieber, Usher was first signed when he was 13 years old. After performing with the quintet NuBeginnings from the age of 10, Usher was later discovered by Bobby Brown‘s then-bodyguard A.J. Alexander. After performing on Star Search, 13-year-old Usher auditioned for LaFace Records founder L.A. Reid by singing Boyz II Men’s 1991 hit “End of the Road” and was signed on the spot.Nearly 15 years later, Usher paid it forward after Scooter Braun suggested he check out a new young singer out of Canada. In 2008, Bieber was signed to their RBMG label. Under the tutelage of Usher, Bieber released his debut EP My World, followed by his first album My World 2.0, a year later, and the two have remained close friends—more like father and son—since then.
“He’s like a child to me, so I don’t necessarily feel like it’s business, you know what I’m saying?” said Usher in 2016 when Bieber was publicly going through a rougher period. “I feel like I’m talking to someone who has had hardships.”Throughout the years, Usher also co-wrote songs for Bieber’s album from one of his earliest hits, “One Less Loney Girl” to his No. 1, “Peaches,” in 2021. Usher has also appeared on several of Bieber’s songs, including a remix of My World 2.0 single  “Somebody to Love,” the 1946 Nat King Cole classic “The Christmas Song,” and more.
[RELATED: 4 Songs You Didn’t Know Usher Wrote for Other Artists]
Along with Bieber’s performance with Usher during the Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show, and the inevitable future collaborations between both artists, their bond remains tight. Throughout their working years together, Usher only co-wrote less than a handful of songs with his former mentee. Here’s a closer look at the three songs Usher wrote for Bieber, including two they co-wrote.
Written by Usher, Balewa Muhammad, Ezekiel Lewis, Hyuk Shin, Sean Hamilton
When Bieber released his EP My World in 2009, it was the first of a two-part project that was completed with his debut album, My World 2.0 in 2010. Co-produced by Usher and a collection of producers, My World also featured a line of co-writers. Bruno Mars (“Love Me”), Christina Milian (“Baby”), and more contributed along with Usher, who co-wrote two tracks, including “One Less Lonely Girl,” which broke the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100 at No. 16. “I think it’s important that these girls have something,” said Bieber of the song in 2009. “So there can be one less lonely girl.”Though “One Less Lonely Girl” never made the My World 2.0 cut, it was later released along with his debut on the reissue of My World in 2010 on the compilation My Worlds: The Collection. The compilation also features a remix of his My World 2.0 single “Somebody to Love,” featuring Usher, who also the track on the deluxe edition of his sixth album Raymond v. Raymond.
There’s gonna be one less lonely girlOne less lonely girlThere’s gonna be one less lonely girlOne less lonely girlHow many I told you’s and start oversAnd shoulders have you cried on before?How many promises be honest girl?How many tears you let hit the floor?How many bags you packedJust to take ’em back tell me thatHow many either or’s (but no more)If you let me inside of your worldThere’d be the one less lonely girl
Written by Justin Bieber, Usher, Alexander Parhm Jr., Ryon Lovett,  Jesse Wilson, Dwight Reynolds
The second song Usher contributed to Bieber’s debut EP, “First Dance,” was one they both co-wrote. “First Dance” is Bieber’s plea to a girl to give him the first dance and also features Usher on vocals toward the end: Girl, if you see something you like then let ’em know / Cuz you only got one chance, for your first dance / So take advantage of this slow jam.
[RELATED: 3 Songs You Didn’t Know Justin Bieber Wrote for Other Artists]
It’s your chance take her hand to the floorFellas just the moment you’ve been waiting forGirl if you see something you like then let ’em knowLadies I know your readyCuz you only got one chanceFor your first danceYou never forget bout your first danceSo take advantage of the slow jamYeah, manWhen I close my eyes
Written by Justin Bieber, Usher, Calvin Broadus (Snoop Dogg), Christopher Bridges (Ludacris), Aaron St. Clair Burnett Simmonds,  Andrew Wotman, Ashton D. Simmonds, Bernard Alexander Harvey, Felisha Tashira King, Giveon D. Evans,  Keavan Yazdani, Louis Russell Bell, Luis Manuel Jr. Martinez, Matthew Sean Leon
Originally, Bieber’s “Peaches” from his 2021 album Justice, featured Daniel Caesar and Giveon. The song topped the Billboard Hot 100, gave Bieber his seventh No. 1 hit, and picked up four Grammy nominations. Bieber later released two remixes of the song, one with Nigerian singers Alpha P and Omah Lay, and another with Ludacris, Usher, and Snoop Dogg. The latter remix credits the three artists, who each contributed verses.Bieber started writing “Peaches” while hanging out with Shawn Mendes at the home and studio of producer Andrew Watt. Bieber had the hook of the song and then played around on the drums. After recording the drum beat, Bieber sat on the piano to dress it up with some chords. The lyrics came as Bieber started free-styling words to the music.“He’s such an amazing musician, and people forget about that because he’s so great at everything and he’s also such a larger-than-life figure that you forget,” said Watt on witnessing “Peaches” come together. “The whole thing was all him. It was just this thing that was written in 30 minutes … really effortlessly. The thing just flew.”Along with “Peaches” the entire album was a success for Bieber with Justice hitting No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with other hits “Holy,” featuring Chance the Rapper, “Ghost,” and “Anyone.”
I got my peaches out in GeorgiaI get my weed from California I took my chick up to the North, yeah I get my light right from the source, yeah And I say, oh The way I breathe you in It’s the texture of your skinI wanna wrap my arms around you, babeAnd never let you go, ohAnd I say, ohThere’s nothing like your touchIt’s the way you lift me upYeah, and I’ll be right here with you ’til the end
Photo: Rick Diamond/Getty Images for Usher’s New Look Foundation
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Iconic Country Albums Not Recorded in Nashville
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand