In an interview with The Epoch Times, Murray SawChuck reflects on the changing landscape of entertainment in Sin City, giving back to the community, and authoring a children’s book. The renowned stage illusionist and magician rose to fame during the fifth season of “America’s Got Talent.” His standout performances included making a Ferrari appear on stage and transforming a girl locked in a cage into a 450-pound tiger.
The magician held a residency for 12 years at the famed Tropicana Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip, until the hotel closed earlier this year to make way for a Major League baseball stadium.
“The pictures we always see of these hotels are [from] when they were the biggest hotel in Las Vegas. Like when the Tropicana opened up in the late 50’s we remember that. We don’t remember the hotel today with the plumbing leaking and the old electricity and carpet,” Mr. SawChuck said.
Offering insight into the city’s enduring appeal, he highlighted how Las Vegas thrives on reinvention, constantly seeking new attractions to keep pace with the changing times.
“We’ve always been reinventing ourselves. There’s always new things to come here, ” he said. “The reason Vegas has always been a destination since the 1950s is because we’ve always looked for the newest, most exciting thing.”
The spirit of renewal is evident with the upcoming transformation of the Tropicana, Mr. ShawChuck asserted, and said he’s excited about the next opportunity and is currently deciding which venue to select for his new show—which is produced by “The Laugh Factory.”
Following the lead of the Tropicana, The Mirage Hotel and Casino is set to close its doors this summer. Owned by Hard Rock International, which acquired the property in 2022, the hotel will officially cease operations on July 17. The rebranded Hard Rock resort is slated to feature a nearly 700-foot guitar-shaped tower and aims to double the current number of jobs at the property.
“Magicians, back in the old days were an opening act,” Mr. Sawchuck explained. “You were an opening act for Frank (Sinatra), Dean Martin, or Robert Goulet.” He credits Siegfried and Roy for elevating magic’s status and making stars out of magicians.
“Without them, I don’t think I'd be sitting here in Las Vegas. I might be an opening act somewhere because that’s the way a variety act was built back in the old days.”
A self-proclaimed history buff, Mr. SawChuck has guest-starred on “Pawn Stars” as a magic historian, where he evaluates antique magic devices. Looking back on the evolution of celebrity acts, he described the transformative role of Frank Sinatra and The Rat Pack in shaping Las Vegas.
“Frank Sinatra and The Rat Pack, they transformed Vegas,” Mr. Sawchuck said. Big-name stars followed Sinatra’s lead, performing at Las Vegas hotels and casinos. Celine Dion’s residencies revived the trend, with the city offering shows by celebrities.
“Now you can go see Bruno Mars or Christina Aguilera or Lady Gaga, and then you can go see a football game or a hockey game with the family,” Mr. SawChuck concluded. In the past, Las Vegas had the reputation of an “adult playground.” However today, Las Vegas has transitioned from a gambling hub to a family-friendly destination, with attractions like the High Roller Ferris Wheel, amusement park rides at hotels like New York-New York,  aquariums, zoos, and children’s museums.
According to Mr. Sawchuck, actor Mark Wahlberg has been vocal about his ambitions to build a state-of-the-art movie studio in the city, and recently lobbied Nevada state lawmakers to pass a bill that would increase tax credits for film production. He said that Mr. Wahlberg also highlighted the more affordable cost of living in Nevada compared to Los Angeles and the absence of state income tax.
“I think with Hollywood there’s so many people there and I think they are taking advantage of every nickel and dime they can make off something, somebody, or some business,” Mr. SawChuck continued, explaining that Las Vegas has acres of unused land to build on, and bringing a movie studio to Nevada will increase tourism and bring more money to the state.
Following his appearances on America’s Got Talent, he linked up with shock rocker Alice Cooper and his foundation, Solid Rock. He explained that Mr. Cooper has always been a fan of magic, incorporating tricks into his live concerts, so the partnership came naturally.
“You know, it’s getting teens off drugs and anything else that might be addictive out there and turning that into a passion, which is music, and dance.” Mr. Sawchuck said he knew if he ever gained any success, he would make it a point to give back and lend his voice and time to charity. He credits fellow magician Lance Burton with being an example of selflessness. Mr. Burton is involved in advocating for animal welfare and rescue.
He also supports the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. “I don’t mean in a political way. I mean in a real factual way, meaning people are taking kids you know?” With his wife, a showgirl, and their circle of friends entrenched in the entertainment industry, Mr. SawChuck describes the allure, but also the potential dangers of the city he calls home.
“This is my home. I’ve been here since 2002.”
Nevada ranks second in the United States in incidence rates of human trafficking, with a rate of 5.00 per 100 thousand people. The FBI has identified Las Vegas as one of 13 high-intensity child prostitution areas in the United States, and during Super Bowl 58, Las Vegas police reported over 400 human trafficking cases.
“I think the internet doesn’t help because we’re so open to posting,” he warned.
“You don’t even have to look hard anymore. You can look at three or four posts and you can figure out where [someone] lives just by looking at a photo of them.”
“I thought well isn’t this interesting? She’s now on the dog’s level and the dog is accepting her a little bit. It’s not as intimidating.” Expanding on the book’s premise, he said: “Basically it’s a book not to judge people on the way they look, sound, or act. It is about the shared experiences we all have regardless of our size or differences.”