August 16, 2024
8:55 AM
Paras Griffin; Chris Polk
Friday is here, and we've got the perfect tracks to kick off your weekend. Coco Jones drops her much-anticipated single, while Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga deliver a 70s-inspired duet. Tinashe returns with her eagerly awaited second album, and Cash Cobain teams up with Laila! for a wild remix of "Not My Problem." Plus, Lil Yachty and Veeze heat things up with their latest release, "Sorry Not Sorry." Discover all the fresh hits in this week's New Music Friday picks.
Coco Jones just released her highly anticipated single “Sweep It Up.” The uptempo R&B bop serves as a warning to those playing with someone's heart -- if they can’t figure out what they want in time, somebody else may swoop in and steal it from them.
The single, produced by London on da Track, sets the stage for what fans can expect from the actress’ new album.
After days of teasing, Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars' rumored collaboration, "Die With A Smile," is finally here, accompanied by a vintage-themed visual.
Tinashe releases her highly anticipated seventh studio album, QUANTUM BABY, via Nice Life Recording Company. This album, the second in her trilogy following last fall's BB/ANG3L, features production from Ricky Reed, Nosaj Thing, Billy Lemos, and more.
Cash Cobain finally dropped his remix to Laila!’s viral hit “Not My Problem,” and it has 14 other artists on the track!
The lineup includes Fabolous, Big Sean, 6lack, Kenzo B, Lay Bankz, Luh Tyler, Anycia, Chow Lee, Kaliii, Flo Milli, YN Jay, FLEE, Don Q and Rob49. 
Lil Yachty and Veeze have dropped their latest track, "Sorry Not Sorry." This release follows Yachty's recent collaboration with Ian on "Hate Me," continuing his streak of hits. Earlier this summer, Yachty joined forces with James Blake for their genre-bending album Bad Cameo, accompanied by visualizers for tracks like "Save The Savior" and "Red Carpet."
Grammy Award-nominated Afro dancehall legend Timaya released his highly anticipated album Gladiator and it is shaping up to be one of the most powerful statements of his career.
This new album combines elements of dancehall, Afrobeats, soca, and even hip hop. It features collaborations from Olamide, Tiwa Savage, Konshens, and more.
With Gladiator, Timaya reflects on his relentless journey, the battles, and unwavering belief in himself, delivering a project that connects with themes of resilience and triumph. He describes the album as a declaration of self belief and a call to rise above challenges.
"One Heart (Can Change the World)," written by Diane Warren and performed by Afrobeats star Tiwa Savage, is an original song from "Ozi: Voice of the Forest," an animated family film.
"This song touched me with its beautiful words and meaning," Tiwa Savage said in a statement. "What could be simpler than to have kindness, and Diane Warren wrote a song for a beautiful film that reminds us to be compassionate to others and to our earth and toward those who share it. No one can put feelings and meaning to music like Diane Warren. Being the voice to 'One Heart' means so much."
Grammy Award-nominated producer and rising global music sensation Thisizlondon just released his debut single, “PINACOLADA,” featuring Ayra Starr and 6lack.
This track offers a refreshing blend of Afrobeats, R&B, and pop elements that showcase the versatility and creativity of all three artists.
Arizona Cardinals linebacker Jesse Luketa, also known as Lu', just released a new single, "Nerves."
The track showcases Lu’s testament to his growth. It dives into the nuances of relationships, capturing the relatable experience of affection and irritation coexisting. 
“‘Nerves’ to me resonates deeply because it captures the nuances of human connections—joy, pain, growth, and resilience. It's like a mirror reflecting our experiences and emotions, making us feel understood and less alone on this journey," Lu’ said in a statement.
Houston's Cartel Bo makes his major-label debut with the powerful single "Make Em Pay You," released via Warner Records. Backed by menacing chords and booming percussion, the track is paired with a fiery music video that showcases his rising influence in the rap scene.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.