Miley finds the idea of speaking about Liam in public “very unsettling.”
Miley Cyrus is being sued over her hit song “Flowers” allegedly copying portions of Bruno Mars’s “When I Was Your Man.” To be clear, Bruno Mars isn’t suing Miley—but Tempo Music Investments—who apparently owns a copyright share of the song—is. And Miley is reportedly worried that going to court will result in her having to talk about the song’s alleged inspiration: Liam Hemsworth. 
As a reminder, Miley announced “Flowers” three years after finalizing her divorce from Liam and then released it on his birthday. Meanwhile, fans pieced two and two together and realized that the lyrics to “Flowers” seemingly reference “When I Was Your Man,” which Liam allegedly dedicated to Miley once upon a time.
All of this is said to be bringing up a lot of anxiety for Miley. Per a source who spoke to the Daily Mail, “Everyone who knows Miley knows that this track was written as a way of healing from Liam. She wrote lyrics that were a reaction to Bruno’s lyrics in ‘When I Was Your Man,’ specifically because that was Liam’s song to her. She only cared that he knew it was for him. Miley originally wrote it as a slow love ballad not the fast upbeat song that it became.”
The insider adds that Miley “is worried that she will have to reveal her inspiration for writing the song” and that “revealing it was specifically about Liam publicly and on record is very unsettling. At this point, she is just seeing how this plays out and is hoping it gets tossed out before any of that becomes a real possibility.”
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.