The milestone comes during the track's 20th anniversary
Hoobastank‘s track ‘The Reason’ has topped one billion streams on Spotify – joining the likes of Ed Sheeran, Drake, Coldplay and more.
‘The Reason’ was released on January 26, 2004, as a single from the band’s second album of the same name. The power ballad is Hoobastank’s most commercially successful single. Upon its release, the track earned the Number Two spot on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and Number One on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The following year, the song earned the band two Grammy nominations for Song of the Year and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. The one billion streams milestone comes as ‘The Reason’ turns 20.
Speaking about the achievement in a statement, guitarist Dan Estrin said: “What an amazing moment. Creating something with your childhood best friends and then watching it grow into an out of control wild fire has been absolutely surreal.”
He continued: “None of us ever expected this, and at times it feels like a dream. Knowing how much ‘The Reason’ means to so many people in the world is an indescribable, proud, emotional feeling. I am way beyond grateful and realize how fortunate we are. We have played it all over the world. And to see everyone’s faces while they sing along is priceless. Thank you world.”
“A billion is cool but a trillion would be awesome!,” added vocalist Doug Robb. “All joking aside, I feel amazed and astonished at how much life the song has had and continues to have. It’s so cool that it has now been woven into a whole new generation’s music taste. Let’s go for another billion!”
Hoobastank are the latest band to join the billion streams club on Spotify. Other musicians with a track that has over a billion streams on the streaming platform include Maroon 5, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars, Bad Bunny, Justin Bieber, Dua Lipa and more.
A post shared by Hoobastank ♾ (@hoobastank)
In other news, Hoobastank have recently announced a special show in London to celebrate the 20th anniversary of ‘The Reason’.
They will perform on June 17 at the O2 Academy Islington to celebrate their seminal second studio album, first released in 2003. Visit here to purchase tickets.
Elsewhere, last year, Robb revealed that the band decided against including a song featuring Rihanna on one of their albums.
“There is a version of a [Hoobastank] song featuring [Rihanna] when she was a ‘newer’ artist,” Robb wrote on Twitter. “Displaying a total lack of foresight, we didn’t use that version of the song for the album.”
In the accompanying tweet thread, Robb said the song was 2006’s ‘Inside Of You’, which featured on the band’s album ‘Every Man For Himself’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.