These modern songs and classic hits from artists like Whitney Houston, Miley Cyrus, and The Beatles will help create the wedding of your dreams.
Every item on this page was chosen by a Woman's Day editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
You know when you watch a movie and the music pairs with the scene so well, you don’t even notice it’s playing? That’s what your wedding should feel like. Every special moment from walking down the aisle to busting a move on the dance floor at the reception should be soundtracked to songs that enhance each moment of your special day. To help you make your wedding playlist, we compiled a list of the best wedding songs for you to play on your big day.
There are classic love songs, such as “At Last” and “Can’t Help Falling in Love,” as well as modern romantic songs, like “Perfect” and “I’m In Love With You” — all of which are great for your walking down the aisle and emotional entrance moments. When you’re ready to boogie, we have upbeat reception songs to get everyone (even the older crowd!) out on the dance floor, such as “Dancing Queen” and “Cupid Shuffle.” As far as artists go, we made sure to span multiple genres, eras, and styles, from Marvin Gaye, The Temptations, and Elvis Presley, to John Legend and Taylor Swift.
To make things even easier for you, we compiled our top picks into a Spotify playlist that you can shuffle through, send to your DJ, or queue up on the big day. That way, you can spend the weeks leading up to your wedding picking out items for your gift registry or Bible verses for your ceremony instead.
Soundtrack your wedding party's walk down the aisle to a mix of these sweet love songs, many of which have a beautiful instrumental that's perfect for a long promenade.
If you and your significant other don't already have a special song, consider using one of these romantic tunes to mark your first dance as a married couple. 
When you carve out a moment of your big day to spend with Dad, queue one of these touching songs for a heartfelt moment with your #1 guy.
Don't forget the Mother and Son dance! These endearing songs reflect on the beautiful years she spent raising you into the person you are today. 
After dinner and dessert, bust a move on the dance floor to these popular reception songs. You may even want to brush up on your "Cha Cha Slide" or "Cupid Shuffle" beforehand.
Kate Franke (she/her) is an editorial assistant in the Hearst Lifestyle Group, covering for Woman's Day and Good Housekeeping. She loves all things lifestyle, home, and market related. Kate has a BAJMC in Magazine Media and BA in Writing from Drake University. She is a proud ASME alum whose work has appeared in Food Network Magazine, The Pioneer Woman Magazine, Better Homes & Gardens, Modern Farmhouse Style, Beautiful Kitchens & Baths, and more. Next to writing, Kate’s two favorite things are chai lattes and pumpkin bread!
40 Best Baby Shower Gifts, According to Parents
Best 1990s Baby Names 
Best Small Gift Ideas
Thoughtful Sympathy Gift Ideas for Loved Ones
Most Popular Baby Names of the 1940s
Gift Ideas for Every Cat Lover
Best New Toys of 2024
Useful Tips for Spending the Holidays Alone
Tips for Coping With Grief Around the Holidays
20 Best Gifts for Teens, According to Teens  
30 Thoughtful Gifts for Newlyweds and Couples 
Short and Sweet Birthday Wishes for Friends
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.