While there may be absolutely nothing wrong with a relationship, unless it’s growing, it’s also not quite right. Because a relationship that stays the same will eventually be diminished by the ever-evolving nature of life itself. A lucky move on the countdown to Jupiter’s retrograde: Think about what’s next. Give yourself over to the process of creating it.
ARIES (March 21-April 19). You’ve done what you set out to do, and now you’re asking what else there is. It turns out you’re only at the beginning of what’s possible for you, and there’s much you’ll improve for others by pursuing this further.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20). The fun you are drawn to will inspire you in ways you wouldn’t have predicted going in. This is why entertainment is a worthy expense. There are those who would argue with you about it. Perhaps it’s time to ignore them.
GEMINI (May 21-June 21). People will learn your dance to your “rhythms,” but first you have to start banging that proverbial drum. As it goes with drums, it can be hard to learn quietly, but it behooves you to try. Whatever you manage will count. You have natural talent.
CANCER (June 22-July 22). You thought you would thrive on peace and solitude, but a little goes a long way. Of course, the same is true of chaos. This lovely day has a small slice from each pie.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22). You want to get the best and brightest minds on the scene, which is a matter of luck. It will also be lucky to make good use of whatever tools and resources are available now so you can get it accomplished in a timely manner.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22). Every group has a unique dynamic. And though you can’t completely tell what the vibe is from the outside, as long as you take the time to wonder about it, an instinct will tell you what’s worthy of your involvement.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 23). People wonder what you’re cooking up in your bright, playful mind. Someone who is particularly interested will be increasingly attracted to you as you let them peek into your world and possibly involve them.
SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 21). It’s strange how sometimes the quest for progress can start out by taking two steps back, but this is also how many begin a race, by giving themselves room to create the sort of momentum that will make a difference at the start.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21). All you can do is try to make things right. You lead with heart and the intention of helping everyone feel seen and heard. It’s not easy, but it’s worth the effort.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19). Someone steered you wrong, but it’s only because you let them put their hands on the steering wheel. Take it back. Use your own GPS. You’re not far off and you’ll easily get back on track after you make these adjustments.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18). You know you can create your own fun, but it’s even more fun for you when you’re stirring it up for someone else. You’re at your playful best when you’re paying attention to the small things that could bring delight.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20). Often the right thing is also the tolerant thing. There’s much that goes on around you that holds no appeal for you, or simply doesn’t concern you. However, you’ve no shortage of moral courage for what really matters.
TODAY’S BIRTHDAY (Oct. 8). With one part reflection and two parts imagination, you’ll avoid the mistakes of the past in your journey forward. You’ll be more connected to your people than ever before with an intermingling of hopes, dreams and shared work. More highlights: You’ll name and claim a lofty goal. Also, three major purchases, sunshine and green spaces. Sagittarius and Capricorn adore you. Your lucky numbers are: 12, 2, 28, 16 and 30.
CELEBRITY PROFILES: Peter Gene Bayot Hernandez leaned into the warrior planet Mars when he chose his artist name, creating a contrast of energy with softhearted harmony of Libra. This served his artistic vision with a seat among the bestselling artists of all time. Bruno Mars is a Libra with an entertaining Leo moon and lucky Jupiter in dreamy Aquarius. “At night when the stars light up my room, I sit by myself talking to the moon.” -- Bruno Mars
Holiday Mathis’ debut novel, “How To Fail Epically in Hollywood,” is out now! This fast-paced romp about achieving Hollywood stardom is available as a paperback and e-book. Visit creatorspublishing.com for more information. Write Holiday Mathis at HolidayMathis.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices