NEWLYWEDS have enjoyed their 'best day ever' with their Barrow wedding with 79 guests.


  Leanne Kershaw, 42, from Millom who works as a pharmacy advisor tied the knot in Barrow to Christopher Boyd, 40, a farrier from Crook.


  Chris used to shoe Leanne's friend’s horse and one night after a few wines she added him on Facebook. They started chatting and went for a day out at the Maritime Festival in Whitehaven. 


  Their love developed and got engaged in September 2021 on Leanne's 40th birthday.


  She said: "It was unexpected as he always said people getting engaged on birthdays and Christmas was cheesy. He decorated the room and had our 4 girls in t-shirts saying 'Mummy will you marry daddy?' and my daughter Darcie was holding the ring."


  The pair got married on April 13 at Abbey House Hotel in Barrow with 79 guests and the colour theme was green and white with a touch of pink.


  The wedding ceremony had their daughters as the flower girls.


  "The day started abruptly at 6.10am when the fire alarms went off and the hotel was evacuated - a pretty crazy start to the day," said Leanne.


  "We entered the room to a version of Rewrite The Stars by The Piano Guys.  Our other ceremony songs were Hold My Girl by George Ezra - a song that is special to me and our youngest daughter Macey - and Flying Without Wings by Westlife.  We walked down the aisle as husband and wife to Bruno Mars Marry You."


  "At 3pm guests were seated in the Cavendish Suite which was beautifully decorated by the Abbey House Team - it looked magical like a fairytale, and I felt like a real-life princess. We entered the room to Raise Your Glass by Pink.


  "Our first dance was to (I've Had) The Time Of My Life from Dirty Dancing. We like no soppy business and wanted to get everyone dancing but everyone was a bit shy so we played it again at the end of the night which was much more of a success with a fair few attempts at 'the lift'.  A song we Couldn't miss was Belter by Gerry Cinnamon which got the guests beating their feet - it really was the best day ever."


  Leanne and Chris enjoyed a couple of nights child-free in Manchester eating good food and drinking cocktails. They are going on a family moon with our girls to Ibiza in May.


  The couple would like to thank the bridesmaids Shelley Myers and Lauren Park, their girls Lily-Mai, Darcie, Mylah and Macey and their parents Kev and Bernie, Gordon and Cath.


  And the businesses: Katie Keegan KK MUA for the make-up, Emily Rachel Hair & Nails, Abbey House Hotel, David Ramirez from Kuko Entertainment, Emma Howarth saxophonist, Jacquie Bland for the cake, Photohoof the photo booth and Steve Hillma for the photos.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.