On the Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about the sudden truce between warring brothers Liam & Noel Gallagher.

	You and I are going to live forever — or at least long enough to see Oasis reunite. On Tuesday (Aug. 27), 15 years since they last performed together, estranged brothers Liam and Noel Gallagher brokered a truce and announced 14 concerts in the U.K. and Ireland for next summer.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about the unexpected reunion tour announcement and why Katie’s already planning her 2025 summer trip.












			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’re talking about Sabrina Carpenter’s new Short n’ Sweet album and her darkly hilarious music video for “Taste.” Plus, we’ve got chart news on how Post Malone’s first country album, F-1 Trillion, drives in at No. 1 on both the all-genre Billboard 200 and the Top Country Albums chart. Meanwhile, many of its songs cause a traffic jam on the Billboard Hot 100, including notable debuts from two country veterans: Dolly Parton, and Hank Williams, Jr. Plus, Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga’s “Die With a Smile” makes a big debut on the Hot 100.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.