JB Gill has said it's 'heartbreaking' as he broke his silence on the news he'll now be competing in Strictly Come Dancing with Lauren Oakley. The JLS star was paired with Amy Dowden for the 2024 run of the BBC One dance contest.
The pair were going from strength to strength in the competition when Amy suddenly "fell ill". It was previously revealed that the dancer began to feel unwell after her performance with the singer and presenter and was rushed to hospital during the show's Halloween special at the end of last month.
It forced her to miss the week six results show followed by a week of rehearsals. Amy, therefore, didn't perform during the latest live show on Saturday night (November 2), and Lauren Oakley, who does not have a celebrity pairing on this year's series of the BBC One dance competition, instead stepped.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing star puts 'huge spanner' in competition after transformation hailed
She rehearsed with JB before joining him to perform the live couple's choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley during Strictly's first-ever 'Icons Week', which saw the pair bag JB's first 10s of the series, resulting in a near-perfect score of 39 out of a possible 40 points.
But Amy's future in the hit dance show this year was confirmed during Monday night's (November 4) edition of Strictly spin-off It Takes Two.
Host Fleur East read out a statement from a Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson which said: "Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year. Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow Professional Dancer, Lauren Oakley, will step in as JB’s dance partner."
The spokesperson added: "The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes."
Amy went on to share her own statement on social media which began: "My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up..."
JB was quick to respond to the emotional post, which ended: JB, I know you and Lauren will continue to ace that dance floor. I'll forever be your biggest cheerleader", writing in the comments section: "Heartbreaking news @amy_dowden but our moments will be forever in strictly history, never forget that. Thank you for being the best teacher. Nothing but love from all of the Gill family."
He also reshared Amy's post to his Instagram Story and said: "Heartbroken for you right now @amy_dowden but like a phoenix you will rise. Isaiah 40:31."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.