The rapper also praised the Americana singer's recent interview with Bruce Springsteen.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Zach Bryan recently said that he doesn’t want to be known as strictly a “country musician.” Luckily, an upcoming collaboration with one of hip-hop’s greatest living legends (Snoop Dogg!) might just help with that.

	On Thursday (Oct. 17), the 52-year-old rapper revealed on Today that he and the “I Remember Everything” singer-songwriter have a little something in the works. “Zach sent me a song,” he shared with the show’s hosts. “I gotta put a verse on it.” 

	“I’m inspired, seeing that with him, with The Boss, Bruce Springsteen,” Snoop added of Bryan’s recent conversation with the “Born to Run” icon for Rolling Stone, in which the younger musician explained why he doesn’t like to be labeled under any given genre.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“I want to be a songwriter, and you’re quintessentially a songwriter,” Bryan told Springsteen at the time. “No one calls Bruce Springsteen — hate to use your name in front of you — but no one calls Bruce Springsteen a freaking rock musician, which you are one, but you’re also an indie musician, you’re also a country musician. You’re all these things encapsulated in one man. And that’s what songwriting is.”

	The Boss agreed that Bryan has potential beyond the country landscape, telling the “Something in the Orange” artist he sees “so much — and I don’t want to call it rock — just energy in your performance.” “You bust all those different genre boundaries down,” Springsteen added in the Musicians on Musicians feature.

	If Bryan is looking to expand his sound further, he’s come to the right collaborator. The Doggfather is one of music’s most versatile duet partners, guesting on songs with everyone from Katy Perry to Bruno Mars, Mariah Carey, Benny Blanco and BTS, Jason Derulo, Akon, The Pussycat Dolls and more. Most recently, Snoop worked with a number of artists on the soundtrack for Peacock’s film Bosco.

	Watch Snoop talk about working with Bryan below.
Snoop Dogg reveals on TODAY that he will be working with country star Zach Bryan: “Zach sent me a song. I got to put a verse on it.” pic.twitter.com/3b4ORK36MI
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.