Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing's JB Gill has spoken out about his dance partner Amy Dowden not returning to the show for the rest of the season. Amy, 34, was absent from last Saturday's performance with JB, 37, after she reportedly 'collapsed' backstage the weekend before.
It has now been confirmed that she will step down from competing in the current series, with fellow dancer Lauren Oakley, 33, taking over as JB's permanent partner. Amy shared a statement about her heartbreak over her exit on Instagram, prompting JB to respond in the comments of her post: "Heartbreaking news [Amy] but our moments will be forever in Strictly history, never forget that. Thank you for being the best teacher. Nothing but love from all of the Gill family."
Additionally, JB, who had danced with Lauren temporarily on Saturday during Amy's initial absence, shared his feelings on his Instagram Story: "Heartbroken for you right now [Amy] but like a phoenix you will rise. Isaiah 40:31."
In a lengthy statement, Amy said: "My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up. It was choreography, music choices, which dances in which order, what we needed to work on. I felt free again. My goal since hearing those words you have cancer was to get back on the strictly dance floor. It's been such a challenge to get back, one I devoted 2024 too."
 "Which with my incredible team we got there. Something I wanted to do for myself and loved ones. There was no feeling like it dancing again in the ballroom with my strictly family. Then I was partnered with the talented ,kind, gentle soul JB. Every day our training room was chilled, hardworking and full of big smiles enjoying what we was creating together with a blossoming friendship. JB thank you for being the perfect partner back. We topped the leader board week one and continued to work so hard and thank you for being so passionate about understanding the ballroom and Latin fundamentals. For me that rumba will always be one of my favs . I'm so sad, so upset and asking why me, why now that our journey has been cut short", reports the Mirror. 
"My heart right now is breaking having to pull out of the competition due to a foot injury and I know only too well 'this too shall pass' and l'll be soon better and back dancing. Something l've had to get used to in my life. I'm sure at some point we will dance again JB. To all the fans, to my loved ones, my strictly family thank you. I know you and Lauren will continue to ace that dance floor. I'll forever be your biggest cheerleader."
Like JB and other stars from Strictly, fellow pro Lauren reacted to Amy's post. Lauren - who previously didn't have a celebrity partner this year - wrote: "This too shall pass. We're still a team. Love you. You did the ground work, I'll carry your partnership forward and hopefully make you proud."
Other colleagues who reacted to the news included host Claudia Winkleman, who wrote in her reply to Amy: "We love you so much."
The news of Amy's exit was shared on the companion show It Takes Two on Monday night, and a spokesperson for Strictly revealed that she will be focusing on "her recovery following a foot injury". The spokesperson stated: "Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year. Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley will step in as JB's dance partner. The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes."
Fleur East, 37, the host of It Takes Two - who was herself a finalist on Strictly back in 2022 - sent her own message to colleague Amy after reading out the statement. Looking directly at the camera, she said: "Sending you all our love, Amy. Get better soon."
This news comes after Amy, who returned to Strictly this year following cancer treatment, had to withdraw from the BBC show temporarily after having 'collapsed' backstage moments after her dance with JB on October 26. It was confirmed that she had been taken to Barnet Hospital from the show's Elstree Studios as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell".
She was subsequently absent from that weekend's results show but last week revealed that she was "feeling so much better".
After her health scare, Amy's Strictly dance partner JB expressed his gratitude to their supporters. On Instagram, the JLS star penned: "On behalf of both @amy-dowden and I, I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone for voting for us and wishing us well. We absolutely loved our performance on Saturday night and are so grateful to be through to another week on @bbcstrictly Thank you, thank you, thank you for your support."
Amy then took a break from Strictly Come Dancing and missed the last weekend's show. Lauren, who is without a dance partner this season, stepped in to perform with JB. They danced a Bruno Mars medley for Icons Week and scored an impressive 39, leading them to tie at the top of the leaderboard with Love Island's Tasha Ghouri and professional dancer Aljaž Škorjanec.
With emotions high, Amy observed Saturday night's performances from the audience, visibly moved to tears. Spotted by Strictly fans and applauded as she wore a chic all-black ensemble with a poppy, Amy cheered on the pairs beside host Claudia Winkleman.
Before taking to the dance floor, Amy spoke about how she, Lauren, and JB made a fantastic team during the week. Claudia then turned to her, confirming, "You three did this together this week, didn't you? " to which Amy enthusiastically responded that they indeed had, highlighting their close-knit dynamic, including coffee runs and group text banter.
Putting her full support behind the substitute pair, Amy used Instagram earlier that day to wish JB and Lauren "the absolute best of luck" for their performance.