By 

	Michael Schneider

Variety Editor at Large

SPOILER ALERT: Details follow for Season 12, Episode 4 of “The Masked Singer,” “Sports Night,” which aired October 16 on Fox.

	In the Year Two Thousand (and 24)… Andy Richter will be eliminated as Dust Bunny on “The Masked Singer.” The “Late Night with Conan O’Brien,” “Tonight Show with Conan O’Brien” and “Conan” sidekick — plus “Andy Richter Controls the Universe”/”Andy Barker P.I.” star — managed to stump the “Masked Singer” panelists, as no one got it right.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					'The White Lotus' Star Aimee Lou Wood Says 'SNL' Impersonation Was 'Mean and Unfunny': 'Such a Shame'		
			








	Panelist Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg said it was John C. Reilly. Ken Jeong though it was Will Ferrell. Robin Thicke named Chevy Chase. Rita Ora said it was Jay Leno.




			Popular on Variety		






	“Singing has always been a secret ambition of mine,” Richter-as-Dust-Bunny said in his “Masked Singer” package. “When I was a rookie who first got into the biz, I had a super important job: Making coffee. Until I was asked to stand in for a person to test the lighting, and wouldn’t you know it, apparently I had a face for TV. Since then, I’ve collected quite a list of co-stars. Anne Hathaway, David Bowie, even Marlon Brando. Though no one’s ever seen that footage!”

	“Sports Night” opened with guests Joel McHale and Nikki Glaser introducing a performance by panelists Thicke and Ora. Thicke and Ora faced off in a boxing ring, singing “Rock You Like a Hurricane,” by Scorpion, with Ora eventually chosen as winner of their tag team. Glaser previously appeared on Season 8 of “Masked Singer” as “Snowstorm,” while McHale is a frequent guest panelist on the series. Earlier this season, he was seen in a clip touting his relationship with Showbird, who wound up being his “Community” co-star Yvette Nicole Brown. McHale and Glaser were seen throughout the episode as sideline commentators.

	Andy Richter as Dusty Bunny joins Paula Cole as Ship, Marsai Martin as Woodpecker, Yvette Nicole Brown as Showbird and John Elway as Leaf Sheep as the celebrities unmasked on “The Masked Singer” Season 12.

	Back for Season 12 are host Nick Cannon, alongside panelists Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Robin Thicke, while Ora also returned to the desk for the second consecutive season to fill in for Nicole Scherzinger.

	










	“The Masked Singer” Season 12 themed episodes include tributes to Mattel’s Barbie as it hits its 65th anniversary, and the film “Footloose” as it marks its 40th anniversary. Miley Cyrus will also be honored with an episode devoted to her music catalog, while also new is a “Who Are You Fest,” featuring music from “memorable festival lineups,” as well as a “Sports Night” and a “60’s Night.” Tentpole themes that are back include “Soundtrack of My Life” and “Thanksgiving Night.”

	New this season, clues will be “strategically embedded in costumes, in song choices and on-stage moments.” And the fifteen celebrity contestants will be endorsed by a “celebrity Masked Ambassador,” made up of previous participants including Dick Van Dyke (Season 9’s Gnome), Jewel (Season 6 winner as the Queen of Hearts), Ne-yo (Season 10 winner as the Cow) and DeMarcus Ware (Season 11’s Koala). And the “Ding Dong Keep It On” bell is also back this morning, but only one singer across the three group finals can be saved.

	Season 12 features 15 contestants performing in new costumes including “Ship,” “Leaf Sheep,” “Woodpecker,” “Chess Piece,” “Bluebell,” “Buffalo,” “Showbird,” “Dust Bunny,” “Goo,” “Strawberry Shortcake” and more.

	Here were the first Group B performances on Wednesday’s Episode 4, “Sports Night”:

Song: “Rock Your Body,” by Justin Timberlake

Panel guesses: Taye Diggs, Bruno Mars, Jason Derulo

Masked Ambassador clue: Ne-Yo (Cow, Season 10): “I think it’s about time for my boy Wasp to enter the game. I’ve known him since he was fresh on the scene, and he gained huge success by taking my words of wisdom. I think he’s got what it takes to snag the Golden Mask trophy, just like I did in Season 10.”

Wasp voiceover: “I mean, I grew up in a tough neighborhood. There was no reason that I should have made it out. But I learned to dig deep and fight. My career turned into a high activity. We’re talking the biggest stages and screens in the world.”

Sports Night shoe clue: Basketball shoes. “Well, Nick, fresh kicks helps me to stay on my game.”

Song: “Believe,” by Cher

	










Panel guesses: Serena Williams, Regina King, Ashley Graham

Masked Ambassador clue: Nikki Glaser (Snowstorm, Season 8): “I know when you think of Nikki Glaser, you think of fashion icon. And that’s why I’m here. To introduce the most fashion-forward friend that I know.”

Chess Piece voiceover: “”Look, I love a fashion moment. I just never thought I’d be here. There were times I felt like a pawn with no protection. People doubted me my whole life. But I had to believe in myself. And make bold moves across the board, to secure my crown and that leading role that changed my game.”

Sports Night shoe clue: Tennis shoes. “In the first round of the match, it’s love serving love.”

Song: “We Belong,” by Pat Benatar

Panel guesses: Taylor Momsen, Elle Goulding, Paris Hilton, Leighton Meester

Masked Ambassador clue: Kelly Osbourne (Ladybug, Season 2): “I’m here to dish some top secret info about my friend Bluebell. Who certainly knows a thing or two about tabloid fodder. I should know, we even made headlines together. She had worldwide overnight success. But with major fame comes major gossip.”

Bluebell voiceover: “As my career was blossoming, and the rumors were going wild about my alleged relationships with rock stars, billionaires and even royals, the truth is, my true love never bloomed until recently. Now that I’ve found it, I’ve never been happier. We belong together. And now I’m here because, well, I’m kind of having a moment.”

Sports Night shoe clue: Roller blades. “I try to roll with the situation, but I always rock and roll.”

Song: “Sweet Caroline,” by Neil Diamond

Panel guesses: Will Ferrell, John C. Reilly, Jay Leno

Masked Ambassador clue: Dick Van Dyke (Gnome, Season 9): “Hello there, ladies and gentlemen. It’s me, Dick Van Dyke. You may remember me as the cute Gnome from Season 9. Now, I am 98 years old. So, I know a little something about collecting dust. So here is my pal, the Dust Bunny.”

Dust Bunny voiceover: “Thanks Dick! Hi, I’m Dust Bunny. I’m here to audition for The Masked Singer because singing has always been a secret ambition of mine. When I was a rookie who first got into the biz, I had a super important job. Making coffee. Until I was asked to stand in for a person to test the lighting, and wouldn’t you know it, apparently I had a face for TV. Since then, I’ve collected quite a list of co-stars. Anne Hathaway, David Bowie, even Marlon Brando. Though no one’s ever seen that footage.”

	










Sports Night shoe clue: Ice skates. “Well, my attitude in this competition is to burn through it in a blaze of glory.”

Song: “Lose Control,” by Teddy Swims

Panel guesses: Jon Batiste, Shaboozey, Khalid

Masked Ambassador clue: Keenan Allen (Gargoyle, Season 9): “Excited to be a Masked Ambassador, with some classified information. On Season 9 as the Gargoyle, everyone got to see my softer, sensitive side. Even though they know me as tough. And on Goo, I can say he’s the same.”

Goo voiceover: “Growing up, I wanted to tackle everything in my way. But inside, I was really sensitive. Oozing with emotions. Once my older brother started playing guitar, I found my escape. After tough days at school I’d sit in my room crying, sitting through the pains of high school trauma. I became a total music nerd. Starting acapella groups, music lab and even winning awards.”

Sports Night shoe clue: Music cleats. “For me, you may want to focus on the sole of the shoes.”

	Last season’s performers included Vanessa Hudgens, who won the Season 11 crown as Goldfish, beating out Scott Porter, who had performed as Gumball. Other performers included Thelma Houston (Clock), Chrissy Metz (Poodle Moth), Corey Feldman (Seal) and Clay Aiken/Ruben Studdard (Beets), Jenifer Lewis (Miss Cleocatra), Kate Flannery (Starfish), Charlie Wilson (Ugly Sweater), DeMarcus Ware (Koala), Colton Underwood (Love Bird), Sisqó (Lizard), Billy Bush (Sir Lion), Joe Bastianich (Spaghetti & Meatballs), Savannah Chrisley (Afghan Hound) and Kevin Hart (Book).

	“The Masked Singer” comes from Fox Alternative Entertainment. Rosie Seitchik, Craig Plestis and Cannon are executive producers, while Seitchik serves as showrunner. The series is based on the South Korean format created by Mun Hwa Broadcasting Corp.
The Business of Entertainment