Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Tony Award Nominee David Korins is one of the most prolific designers of this generation.
POPULAR
The latest episode of Oh My Pod U Guys (hosted by Jayke Workman) is here! Oh My Pod U Guys is a weekly musical theater and pop culture chat show, in which Jayke discusses current events in the world of theater and the arts, and interviews some of your favorite Broadway personalities and members of the LGBTQ+ community! 
U Guys, this week's BroadwayWorld Recap has all of the latest Bway Tea, brought to you by BroadwayWorld. Then I am joined by one of Broadway's most incredible scenic designers, David Korins! David has designed over twenty Broadway shows, including The Who's Tommy, Dear Evan Hansen, and the Tony-nominated Beeltejuice.
He talks about how collaborative the world of design can be, and how much pressure there is to make shows as successful as possible. We talk about his road to design, and how his upbringing brought him to the arts. David also shares his experience working in the world of TV/Film, having designed for The Oscars, and serving as a creative director for many incredible artists like Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga. And on top of it all, David is so lovely to chat with. U don't wanna miss this episode!
David Korins is a New York City based Creative Director and scenic designer. He is a three-time Tony Award Nominee, and an Emmy, Lortel, Drama Desk, and Obie Award Winner. He has over 20 Broadway credits, including the scenic design of the smash hit Broadway musical, Hamilton. He also has countless tv/film credits as a Creative Director, and has produced notable live experiences like The Immersive Van Gogh Exhibit.
Dead Outlaw is the darkly hilarious and wildly inventive musical about the bizarre true story of outlaw-turned-corpse-turned-celebrity Elmer McCurdy. As Elmer’s body finds even more outlandish adventures in death than it could have ever hoped for in life, the show explores fame, failure, and the meaning – or, utter meaninglessness – of legacy. Dying is no reason to stop living life to its fullest. 
In this episode, I’m joined by Jenna Bainbridge as she shares her journey as an actor and advocate for disability rights, highlighting her role as Nessarose in Wicked. She discusses the importance of authentic representation of disabled individuals in the arts, her personal experiences with disability, and how these experiences shape her performances.
This week I am joined by one of my favorite people, current understudy for Elder Price in The Book of Mormon on Broadway, Thomas Doelger! Thomas shares about their experience navigating the highs and lows of a career in the arts, and having a partner who is also a performer.
I am joined by the delightful Mikayla Renfrow to chat all about her amazing career. In this episode we talk about the ups and downs of navigating a blossoming career on Broadway, and what it means to use your individual voice and put your own stamp on things.
U Guys, star of the stage and screen, and cast member of the upcoming Broadway musical Just In Time, Emily Bergl is here!  Emily Bergl is a true Broadway vet, having done eight Broadway shows, from classic works like Cat On a Hot Tin Roof, to playing opposite Sean Hayes in the critically acclaimed play Good Night, Oscar as June Levant.
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy