Half of motorists like to tune into their favourite songs every time they get behind the wheel – with 84% saying that cranking up the volume can help turn their bad mood into a good one.
Of those who turn on their car stereo system before heading off on a drive, almost two-thirds (64%) would rather listen to music – while just 14% would instead opt for a more modern podcast.
And pop is the best genre to send them to their happy place, according to 38% – while one in five also say they get a mood boost from seeing a brightly-coloured car on the road whilst out and about.
In fact, almost a quarter (23%), of the 2,000 drivers polled, think that all car interiors should be colourful, in order to keep drivers feeling happy. The study was commissioned by Nissan as it launches its latest Juke model – available in the brand's signature bright yellow colour.
And the poll also asked motorists to share the top tracks they feel are the most uplifting – with Queen's “Don’t Stop Me Now” topping the list.
The top 30 list also included the likes of “Dancing Queen” by ABBA, “Don't Stop Believin'” by Journey – and, appropriately, “Happy” by Pharrell Williams.
Radio DJ, Dave Berry, who is working with the car maker, said: “The romance of being behind the wheel of a car, with a great song blasting out of the speakers, has been written about in literature, sung about by bands, and brought to the big screen in so many movies over the years.
“And while it is fair to say that not all of our car journeys involve the perfect weather and a long open road ahead, the fact remains that whacking on your happy tunes when you’re driving along is one of life’s great pleasures.
“Sure, the passengers in my car sometimes suggest that I might be singing out of tune, but I don’t care. Certain songs can make you feel like a solid 10 out of 10, even on a bad day.
“It’s tough to choose just one, and it’s wonderful that so many different songs can mean so much to so many different people – but for me, it’s “Will We Talk?”, by Sam Fender.
“When that’s on in my car, my steering wheel doubles as a drum kit. I should probably add that if my daughter is in the back of the car, it’s normally Taylor Swift all the way, which is also fine by me.”
Some of the other tracks to appear in the list of uplifting songs included the 1983 party classic, “Walking on Sunshine”, by Katrina and the Waves, and “Good Times” by Chic.
One hard-rocking driver, polled via OnePoll, even picked Motörhead’s 1980 speed metal classic, “Ace of Spades”, while another selected “Born to Run” by “The Boss”, Bruce Springsteen.
Fiona Mackay, from Nissan GB, said: “Whatever music genre you listen to, from punk to power ballads, songs can make any journey special – even a trip to the shops.
“From this top 30, it’s clear the British public has great taste in tunes – and the new Juke is designed to be the perfect place to listen to your favourites.
“Plus, with daffodils blooming and International Colour Day upon us, it’s the ideal time to bring back the car’s signature yellow paint – a throwback to the 2014 version.”
The top 30 list is now available to listen to on Spotify.
THE TOP 30 MOST UPLIFTING SONGS:
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.