Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Motsi Mabuse appeared to put the blame on this week's 'shocking' Strictly Come Dancing result on the public, as the show found itself at the centre of accusations of sexism on Sunday night.
Saturday night saw the long-running BBC show launch a brand new theme, Icons Week, as the 10 couples left in the new series were transformed into a host of music legends, from Freddie Mercury to Madonna and Bruno Mars to The Beatles. Both Shayne Ward and JB Gill got their highest scores so far, as Pete Wicks saw his drop from 31 in Halloween Week to just 22, putting him at the bottom of the leaderboard.
Having been in the dance-of twice before, former X Factor winner Shayne was the clear favourite to get the Strictly boot this week. However, it ended up being Sam Quek and Montell Douglas who found themselves in danger, in a Strictly result that no-one saw coming.
As soon as both women's fates were confirmed, angry BBC viewers took to X to complain, as some accused fellow fans of being 'sexist' with their voting, as others hit out at the judges for 'overmarking' stars like Wynne Evans. Head judge Shirley Ballas was also singled out for saying she 'didn't want to dwell on' the obvious mistakes Pete made in his routine, as critics argued she wouldn't be so kind on female contestants.
But, when it came to choosing between Sam and Montell after the dance-off, Motsi appeared to have a dig at the public, as she remarked: "It just feels like we're losing girls. What is happening?!" as she opted to save Montell and Johannes.
Motsi's remarks were quickly seized on by social media users, with one reacting: "mother motsi calling out the sexist public! i know she’ll never send another woman home after this. queen" as another posted: "this isn’t news but strictly is so inherently sexist it pi**es me off. imo sam was better than all 3 of the men nearest the bottom of the leaderboard near her."