Source: Julian Dakdouk for Parkwood Entertainment / Netflix
Texas was definitely represented by one of entertainment’s biggest names on Wednesday (Dec. 25).
This year, Netflix became global home of the NFL’s two Christmas Day marquee games: The Super Bowl LVII–winning Kansas City Chiefs faced off against the Pittsburgh Steelers live on Netflix; followed by the Baltimore Ravens will take on the Houston Texans. In keeping with the NFL’s long-standing holiday tradition, the Netflix Christmas Day games will air on broadcast TV in the competing teams’ cities and be available on US mobile devices with NFL+.
RELATED: Beyonce Becomes Top Female RIAA Artist In Music History
RELATED: Beyonce Gushes Over Blue Ivy in Video While Recording The Lion King
Of course Baddi Bey’s addition to the mid-game entertainment became huge news as it announced.
Produced by Beyoncé’s Parkwood Entertainment and Jesse Collins Entertainment, this year’s Texans vs Raven’s halftime became the first live performance of songs from her genre-bending and record-breaking album Cowboy Carter. 
 


					Related Stories
				





Every Song Beyonce Performs At The Cowboy Carter Tour






20 Rap Songs That Name-Drop Halle Berry






Kendrick Lamar Leads 2025 AMAs Nominations






And this is hardly her first rodeo: In 2013, Bey headlined Super Bowl XLVII in New Orleans, joined onstage by fellow Destiny’s Child members Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams.
The performance became the second most-watched Super Bowl halftime show in history at the time. And, at Super Bowl 50 in 2016, she joined Coldplay and Bruno Mars on the field for one of the most-watched Super Bowl halftime shows of all time, with 115.5 million households tuning in.
If you happened to miss the live concert performance by Beyoncé during halftime, you can still catch it on Netflix – but you’ll only have a few hours to check the replay.
The halftime show and the Ravens-Texans game will be available for rewatch along with the Chiefs-Steelers game for up to three hours after the live stream ends – making it an 11 P.M. EST cut-off, according to the contractual agreement Netflix has with the NFL.
For viewers outside of the United States, the performance and games will disappear from the platform 24 hours after the live stream concludes. For viewers in the local markets for each team, they’ll be able to watch on their local networks.


Our Favorite Moments from Beyoncé’s NFL Halftime Performance 
						was originally published on
						theboxhouston.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.