By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  13:01, 4 December 2024   |  Updated:  15:22, 4 December 2024   
 230
View  comments
Taylor Swift was named Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist for the second year in a row, while Beyonce failed to crack any of the top ten lists this year. 
The Karma hitmaker, 34, was named streaming queen by the music giant, earning more than 26.6 billion streams globally. 
Swift dominated this year's Spotify Wrapped, featuring heavily in all their top lists of most streamed artists, albums, and songs. 
However, neither Beyonce, 43, her critically-lauded album Cowboy Carter, nor her single Texas Hold 'Em, feature anywhere in the top ten list, showing a shock decline in her streaming popularity.
The news will be sure to enrage her fierce fan base the Beyhive - as it comes just one day after Billboard crowned Beyonce the Greatest Pop Star of the 21st Century, with Swift coming in second to her.
Taylor Swift, 34, (L) was named Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist for the second year in a row, while Beyonce, 43, (R) failed to crack any of the top ten lists this year
Taylor took up three spots on the Most-Streamed Albums Globally list.
Her latest album, THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY, released in April, took the top spot.
Taylor also took the sixth spot with her album 1989 (Taylor’s Version), released in 2023, and the eighth spot with her album Lover, released in 2019.
Swift also dominated the U.S. Most-Streamed Artists list, taking the top spot, and took two spots on the Most-Streamed Albums in the U.S. list, including the first place.
Spotify is also giving a special thank you to the Swifties by gifting Swift a first-ever Global Top Artist Badge, which will be added to her Spotify profile.
Her fans will also get some easter eggs and unique surprises while listening to her songs on Spotify.
Lastly, her fans will find special 2024 Wrapped friendship bracelets on Snapchat.
On Tuesday, Billboard explained why the music publication chose Beyonce as the greatest pop star of the 21st century star over Swift, after sparking a massive controversy with Swifties.
'While Taylor Swift is the century's biggest pop star by the numbers, Beyonce tops our staff-chosen editorial list based on her full 25 years of influence, impact, evolution,' the publication shared in a statement.
Writer Andrew Unterberger went on to say that the Love Story singer 'really challenged Beyonce for the top spot on these rankings' and even has 'a clear statistical lead on Bey in many key categories.'
However, Taylor 'hasn’t been around for long enough to be able to match the expansiveness of her quarter-century of dominance.'
'If you go by the sheer numbers, Taylor would easily top this list,' Andrew wrote, adding that 'even with her late start, she has more No. 1 albums and as many No. 1 singles this century as Beyonce.'
Andrew summed it up by saying, 'When you’re talking about greatness for the 21st century specifically, no one has a longer or fuller track record than Beyonce.'
Taylor's super fans previously said the music magazine's lists were 'always unbelievably inaccurate' and called her placing a 'crime.'
The Karma hitmaker was named streaming queen by the music giant, earning more than 26.6 billion streams globally; seen in August in London
Swift dominated this year's Spotify Wrapped, featuring heavily in all their top lists of most streamed artists, albums, and songs; seen in August
Taylor took up three spots on the Most-Streamed Albums Globally list, with THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY taking first place
However, neither Beyonce, her critically-lauded album Cowboy Carter, nor her single Texas Hold 'Em, feature anywhere in the top ten list, showing a shock decline in her streaming popularity; seen in February
It comes just one day after Billboard crowned Beyonce the Greatest Pop Star of the 21st Century, with Swift coming in second to her; she is seen on the cover of Cowboy Carter
It comes after Beyonce, who released her eighth studio album, Cowboy Carter, on March 29, didn't receive any nominations by the CMA awards.
Cowboy Carter, made in the country genre, offered the Beyhive fandom 27-tracks, which featured legendary artists such as Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson, and the album included catchy singles titled, Texas Hold Em' and a re-worked version of the iconic song Jolene.
Most-Streamed Artists Globally:
Most-Streamed Albums Globally:
Meanwhile after 14-time Grammy winner Taylor debuted The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology on April 18, all 31 tracks occupied the top 14 of the Billboard Hot 100 simultaneously for the first time in chart history. 
On Spotify, where Taylor averages 91.6M monthly listeners, TTPD made history as the first album to accumulate one billion streams in a single week (in just five days). 
Despite Swifties and the Beyhive feuding, Beyonce and Taylor often publicly support each other, especially in the years following Kanye West's infamous stage takeover at the MTV Video Music Awards in 2009.
Kanye famously interrupted Taylor's Video Of The Year acceptance speech for You Belong With Me to declare Beyonce the 'true' winner for Single Ladies, publicly pitting the two pop stars against each other.
Beyonce made sure to shut down Kanye's sentiments and the two pop megastars are still friends.
In 2023, Swift attended Beyonce's Renaissance premiere in London, and they've shown support for each other on social media over the years.
Meanwhile Canadian hitmaker The Weeknd was named the second most-streamed artist of the year on Spotify’s 2024 global list after Taylor, while Puerto Rican rapper and singer Bad Bunny took the third spot. 
Despite his feud with Kendrick Lamar, hip hop star Drake took the fourth spot. He was followed by Billie Eilish and Travis Scott in the fifth and sixth slots.
Mexican superstar Peso Pluma came in seventh on the global top 10 list, followed by Kanye West, Ariana Grande and Colombian singer Feid in the last spot.
The second most streamed album was Eilish's HIT ME HARD AND SOFT.
Third on the list was Short n’ Sweet by Sabrina Carpenter, followed by MAÑANA SERÁ BONITO by KAROL G, and eternal sunshine by Ariana Grande.
The seventh spot went to SOS by SZA. Fireworks & Rollerblades by Benson Boone came in at nine.
Billboard explained that Taylor 'hasn’t been around for long enough to be able to match the expansiveness of [Beyonce's] quarter-century of dominance'; the duo seen in 2023 
Starboy by The Weeknd took the last spot.
Carpenter's catchy hit 'Espresso' was the most most-streamed song globally.
Coming in at second was 'Beautiful Things' by Benson Boone, while Eilish's 'BIRDS OF A FEATHER' took the third spot.
The list continued with 'Gata Only' by FloyyMenor, Cris Mj, 'Lose Control' by Teddy Swims, 'End of Beginning' by Djo, 'Too Sweet' by Hozier, and 'One Of The Girls (with JENNIE, Lily Rose Depp)' by The Weeknd.
Swift's song 'Cruel Summer' took the ninth spot.
Last in the list was 'Die With A Smile' by Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga. 
Most Viral Song Globally went to 'Die With A Smile' by Mars and Lady Gaga.
Also on the list was Lamar's Drake diss, 'Not Like Us', which took the 10th spot.
Swift dominated the U.S. Most-Streamed Artists list, taking the number one place. She was followed by Drake, country crooners Zach Bryan and Morgan Wallen, Kanye West, Future, Kendrick Lamar, Travis Scott, The Weeknd and Metro Boomin. 
The most-streamed songs in the U.S. were Carpenter's 'Espresso', Kendrick's 'Not Like Us', Shaboozey's 'A Bar Song (Tipsy)', Post Malone's 'I Had Some Help' feat. Morgan Wallen, Tommy Richman's 'MILLION DOLLAR BABY', Roan's 'Good Luck, Babe!', Boone's 'Beautiful Things', Eilish's 'BIRDS OF A FEATHER', Zach Bryan's 'I Remember Everything' (feat. Kacey Musgraves), and Noah Kahan's 'Stick Season.'
Canadian hitmaker The Weeknd (L) was named the second most-streamed artist of the year on Spotify’s 2024 global list after Taylor, while Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny (R) took the third spot
Despite his feud with Kendrick Lamar, hip hop star Drake took the fourth spot; Drake seen in 2022
He was followed by Billie Eilish and Travis Scott in the fifth and sixth slots; Billie seen in 2023 
Swift also topped the Most-Streamed Albums in the U.S. list with 'THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY.'
Country star Wallen came at second place with 'One Thing At A Time.'
He was followed by Carpenter's 'Short n’ Sweet', and Kahan's 'Stick Season'.
Roan came at fifth place with 'The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess' while Eilish's 'HIT ME HARD AND SOFT' came sixth.
SZA's 'SOS' took the seventh spot,
'Dangerous: The Double Album' by Wallen came in at number eight, followed by 'Zach Bryan' by Zach Bryan, and '1989 (Taylor’s Version)' by Swift.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group