Las Vegas Hells Angels motorcycle club members accused of targeting a rival club in a Henderson highway shooting can be prosecuted as gang members under state law, the Nevada Supreme Court ruled Thursday.
Hells angels a gang?  Since when?
Read more at reviewjournal.
Trump asked the Supreme Court to wait before deciding on the TikTok Ban case, because he wants to weigh in once he’s in office.
Let’s see how much money they’re ready to invest into Trump. 
Read more at huffpost.
High-profile college coaches are retiring early and Scott Van Pelt says its all because the NIL deal changes have caused too much mayhem, and the coaches have to deal with constantly changing rosters.
Why should we care?
Read more at awfulannouncing.
NFL legend Rod Woodson says Josh Allen is not the MVP this year, its Lamar Jackson, no question.
i did have a couple questions. 
Read more at TMZ
Some are outraged to learn that Bruno Mars’ wedding performance fee is $5 million.
So don’t hire him.
Read more at pagesix.
During Netflix’s Roast of the year 2024, Hanna Burner made a joke kind of calling Blake Lively a cunt, which isnt playing too well.  “My joke in the Netflix roast was filmed before news of the lawsuit. To be 100 percent clear, I support Blake xoxo”
Hey Netflix, there’s an edit button.
Read more at TMZ
For the first time in 36 years, Salman Rushdie’s book The Satanic Verses is being sold in India.
Somebody’s looking for a stabbing.
Read more at Deadline.
https://deadline.com/2024/12/salman-rushdie-satanic-verses-sold-in-india-1236242713/
h
A Christmas miracle, Michael Bolton shared a photo a year after brain surgery removed a turnor. 
So…he had a brain.
Read more at abcnews.

Sorry boys, The Batman Part II is going to be delayed, and now, Deadline says the sequel to Matt Reeves’ The Batman has been pushed from Oct. 2, 2026 to Oct. 1, 2027.
Yeah, its going to take an extra year before you can see a bad movie. How will you get by.
Read more at CBR
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.