Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
“There’s a reason people have exchanged love notes and sent love letters from time immemorial,” says Stephanie Manes, LCSW, JD, a couple’s therapist and psychotherapist who teaches at Columbia University. 
As Manes elaborates, love letters (or love messages sent via text message, email, or scrawled in a greeting card, for that matter) are a record of this deep feeling someone invokes in us, and of our wish for them to know that. What’s more, as Manes points out, with love messages, you can keep these words and go back to them as a reminder of how much you are loved. “But the benefit of these messages isn’t just for the receiver, it’s also for the sender. He or she is reminding themselves of how much they love, appreciate and desire their partner,” adds Manes. “Whatever we give our attention to grows. So these messages are a way to water our own garden of warmth and love.”
That said, love letters are “a bit of a lost art,” as Manes put it. But that doesn’t mean we should let them fall to the wayside! “There’s nothing like knowing someone really took the time to get out on paper just how much they love you,” says Manes.)
In the modern era, couples probably do (or can) exchange more love “sound bytes” via text message, says Manes. “And those quick communications do add up. It’s pretty easy to send a little love note — even if it’s a few emojis,” she offers. Best of all, per Manes, each love message is like adding to your relationship’s bank of positive experiences, on which healthy relationships rely.
There’s no need to pressure yourself to send love messages ‘round the clock. According to Michelle Mouhtis’, LCSW, a licensed therapist and relationship coach, it’s not so much that people should or shouldn’t be sending enough love messages. “What’s most important is knowing how your partner feels loved by you. And while some partners may appreciate love notes, they may not hit home for her as much as another love language, such as spending quality time with you,” she says. “If your partner’s love language is words of affirmation, it’s important to prioritize sending love messages to your honey above everything else — because that’s how she’ll feel the most connected to and loved by you.”
Ahead, we’ve got something for every kind of Shakespeare in love from messages for long-distance lovers to lovey-dovey song lyrics. Keep reading for 120 love messages to show how much you care.
Perri is a New York City-born-and-based writer. She holds a B.A. in psychology from Columbia University and is also a culinary school graduate of the Natural Gourmet Institute. She's probably seen Dave Matthews Band in your hometown, and she'll never turn down a bloody mary. Follow her on Twitter @66PerriStreet or learn more at VeganWhenSober.com
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.