Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden was moved to tears as she made a surprise appearance in the BBC studio on Saturday night. The professional dancer was visibly moved as her celebrity partner JB Gill received his first tens of the series.
Professional dancer Lauren Oakley, who is without a celebrity partner in this year's BBC One dance contest, stepped up to perform with JLS star JB, 37, after Amy, 34, became unwell during last weekend's filming. Amy, recovering from a health scare that led to her hospitalisation and absence from Sunday's results show, sat out this week's competition but was present on Saturday night to cheer on JB and stand-in partner Lauren.
She told Claudia her Lauren and JB had been a 'real dream team'. In a first for the BBC One programme, Saturday's icons-themed episode saw the remaining 10 pairs dance to tracks by legendary artists. JB and Lauren, 33, chose a Bruno Mars medley for their couple's choice routine.
Read more Shirley Ballas storms out of seat during 'fight' with Craig Revel Horwood
After the performance, an emotional Amy held back tears as JB scored his first tens of the series, racking up an impressive 39 points. Overcome with gratitude, Amy told Lauren: "I am so grateful to you Lauren. I wish I was there with you, you were amazing!"
Fans of the show took to Twitter to rally behind Amy, with comments flowing in from supportive viewers. One fan enthused: "I adore Amy she deserves the world and more #strictly", whilst another shared their emotional response: "Seeing Amy cry has made me cry lol. She should've been on that dance floor. #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly".
Before hitting the stage, Amy expressed her full backing for JB and his temporary dance partner Lauren, wishing them the utmost success for Saturday's show. Amy took to Instagram to share her encouragement, posting: "Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight. I'm going to be your biggest cheerleader. @jbgill it says everything how you've been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me. I'm so lucky. You're a star."
She added a heartfelt message: "I know what tonight means to you. Thank you. @laurenmayoakley thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you. You know I've always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool Tower at eight years old to tell you. Thank you darling."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.