Strictly Come Dancing viewers have expressed their disappointment that professional dancer Lauren Oakley was not paired with a celebrity in this year's contest, especially after her near-flawless performance on Saturday night (November 2).
The ballroom welcomed the remaining 10 couples for an Icons-themed week. JLS star JB Gill was temporarily partnered with Lauren after Amy Dowden was hospitalised last weekend.
However, during the live show, Amy joined the couples in the 'Clauditorium' to cheer on JB and Lauren, who performed a Couples' Choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley. The dance earned JB and Lauren almost perfect scores of 39 from the judges.
After receiving feedback from the judges, JB said: "Obviously it's a new partnership, but I've been able to focus on the dancing and just do Amy proud."
Lauren added: "I just wanted to make Amy proud and I hope we did. We had fun out there. I hope you had fun watching.", reports the Mirror. "I'm so grateful to you, Lauren," Amy told her fellow pro, before sharing a sweet childhood memory.
"I came up to Lauren when I was eight years old at Blackpool Tower, and she just danced and I told her I was her biggest fan," she revealed. "So thank you Lauren, thank you J[B]. I wish I could stay with you, you're amazing."
While many Strictly fans flooded social media with messages of support for Amy, some viewers also voiced their frustrations that Lauren wasn't part of the competition this year.
On X, one fan expressed their disappointment, saying: "Lauren should have been given a partner this year #strictly."
Another viewer praised the performance, commenting: "JB and Lauren were AMAZING. But also. Lauren has to be one of the best female professionals on the show. She's so sharp. Just brilliant! #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly."
A third fan made a strong plea: "NEVER and I mean NEVER not give Lauren a partner again! Love her #strictly." And yet another chimed in with a message for the show: "Dear strictly. never bench Lauren Oakley again. thank you #strictly".
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.