This summer, Gervasi Vineyard in Canton, Ohio, offers a range of summer activities each week, from Wellness Tuesdays featuring yoga and Pilates to car cruise-ins on Wednesdays. Nearly every day, there’s an outdoor event that complements the vineyard, which makes it a perfect destination for a quick getaway. The Tuscan-inspired estate sits on 55 northeast Ohio acres with views of the vineyards throughout the property. While the wine is what Gervasi Vineyard is known for, there’s plenty more to see and do here—including five on-site restaurants and bars where you can indulge in a variety of cuisine, a 5,000-square-foot spa, and overnight accommodations that will make you feel like you really are staying in a Tuscan villa. Here are some events you can enjoy at Gervasi Vineyard this summer, whether you’re staying on the estate or just visiting for an evening.
Join Gervasi Vineyard on a Tuesday to experience a day dedicated to wellness. Wellness Tuesdays rotate activities between yoga, Pilates, and a sound bath class. Each takes place in the covered Pavilion and yoga is led by the instructors of Canton’s Yoga Strong studio. The day is dedicated to nourishing the mind, body, and spirit while taking in the vineyard views. After class stop for lunch or coffee at The Still House or Crush House on the vineyard’s estate.
Gervasi Vineyard’s weekly cruise-ins are free family-friendly events for car lovers of all ages. There’s a wide range of cars and trucks on display from older cars to newer rides, each week rotating a different car enthusiast group. Enjoy a relaxing summer evening admiring the surrounding beauty of the vineyard and admire the selection of cars.
The Gervasi Musica Concert Series in the Vineyard offers a combination of music, wine, and a beautiful atmosphere to take in live music, al fresco. Each concert takes place in The Pavilion against the backdrop of the vineyard and lush greenery. Performing in June are Super Troupers, an ABBA tribute, and 24K Magic, a Bruno Mars tribute. There’s a bar available for beverages and plenty of dinner options on-site to grab a bite to eat before the show. Seating is first come, first served. Doors open at 7 p.m. and the concerts begin at 8 p.m.
Visit the Gervasi Vineyard website to learn more about the events happening this summer and take advantage of getaway promotions to explore the vineyard’s spa and dining options.