Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Jennifer Lopez shared a video of herself chugging her Delola alcohol brand after sources said Ben Affleck left their marriage to avoid a relapse.
Aug. 19 2024, Published 3:30 p.m. ET
Jennifer Lopez wasn't being very "mindful" of Ben Affleck's sobriety journey. 
The multi-hyphenate filmed herself indulging in alcohol "from the bottle" as she took part in the latest TikTok trend – despite Affleck's sobriety journey being a factor in the couple's rumored split, RadarOnline.com can reveal. 
J Lo took part in the latest TikTok trend by demonstrating how to drink her Delola brand alcohol in a "demure" manner.
J Lo, 55, captioned her TikTok video "very demure ... very mindful" in a nod to creator Jools LeBron's viral catch phrase.
Wearing oversized gold-rimmed glasses, a khaki jacket and white crop top, J Lo was seen gripping a bottle of her Delola brand alcohol.
Playing on the social media trend, she told the camera: "You see how I do this? How I drink from the bottle? Very demure. Very mindful." 
The multi-hyphenate drank straight from the bottle while repeating the catchphrase "very demure, very mindful".
After taking a swig straight from the bottle, she added: "I don’t just chug it. Little by little. Very elegant."
J Lo posted the video after a night out with friends at Bruno Mars' concert, which she documented on her Instagram stories. 
Divorce rumors appeared to be far from the 55-year-old's mind as she posted meeting up with two girlfriends before hitting up the Just the Way You Are singer's show at Los Angeles' brand new Intuit Dome. 
The Jenny From the Block singer was caught cutting a rug during the show, singing and dancing freely as Mars belted out his hit Marry Me. 
J Lo appeared to be in good spirits after reuniting with Affleck mere hours before for the Oscar winner's 52nd birthday, though she notably didn't publicly wish her estranged husband happy birthday on social media. 
Sources claimed J Lo's "lifestyle" was putting Affleck's "sobriety at risk". 
Despite the reunion, divorce rumors continue to swirl – and J Lo's night out further added to gossip about the pair living separate lives. 
Affleck, who has openly discussed his addiction issues and sobriety journey, recently purchased a $20.5million bachelor pad after moving out of the couple's $60million marital home. 
Insiders said the home is a much better fit for Affleck's "needs" and style, while others claimed the actor's temperance played a factor in his alleged decision to part ways after being married for just two years. 
Sources claimed J Lo's indulgent "glam lifestyle" was putting Affleck's hard-fought "sobriety at risk". 
The insider said: "The marriage was incredibly overwhelming – J Lo lives a very glam lifestyle, and he was often faced with temptation." 
Affleck, who has done multiple stints in rehab for alcoholism, was said to be "risking his sobriety in that environment”  – and as a result, he “had to leave to avoid his worst nightmare – a relapse."
Ben was said to be "excited" for a "fresh start" in the wake of his fallout with J Lo. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
J Lo refrained from drinking alcohol for years, but oddly decided to launch her own cocktail brand in 2023 after reuniting with her Gigli co-star. 
After the On the Floor singer was met with backlash over the launch, she defended her decision by clarifying she enjoys the "occasional cocktail" and drinks "responsibly". 
She added: "I don’t drink to get s---faced. I drink to be social and have a nice time. And kind of relax and let loose a little bit. But always responsibly."
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.