MIAMI - The Super Bowl isn't just a sports phenomenon; it's a cultural extravaganza, showcasing some of the brightest musical stars on the planet. And when it comes to leaving a scorching mark on its stage, Latino artists are in a league of their own.
The tradition is set to continue this year with a lineup that promises to be nothing short of spectacular. Representing Latino talent is Anje Piñero, a deaf performer who is set to defy boundaries and captivate millions during the opening. She is part of the entertainment part of the Super Bowl LVIII that will be headlined by Usher.
But before her, Latino legends like Gloria Estefan, Enrique Iglesias, Bruno Mars, Christina Aguilera, Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Shakira, The Black Eyed Peas, with Fergie and Taboo, Demi Lovato, Arturo Sandoval, and Marc Anthony set the stage ablaze with their fiery performances.
Gloria Estefan, a name synonymous with Latino music's global reach, has graced the Half-Time show three times, both solo and with the Miami Sound Machine. Her first appearance took place in chilly Minneapolis back in 1992 and is still remembered for how it heated up the atmosphere with hits like "Get on Your Feet" and "Conga." Her other two Super Bowl performances were in the much warmer Miami.
Fun fact: In 1999, Gloria Estefan also co-headlined the Super Bowl Halftime Show with Stevie Wonder. Making her one of the few artists to ever do it twice. pic.twitter.com/oQv1BSIOms
Christina Aguilera has been both part of the Super Bowl Half-Time Show and the opening act, while Marc Anthony and Demi Lovato have had the honor of singing the National Anthem.
The most recent Super Bowl show featuring Latino artists (in 2020) was a testament to their star power. Jennifer Lopez and Shakira headlined a show that drew over 104 million viewers, with the YouTube video of their performance becoming the most-watched Super Bowl Half-Time show ever, with 302 million views to this date.
The impact was phenomenal, with Shakira's music seeing a 230% rise and J-Lo's soaring by 335% on Spotify, according to a company spokesperson. Demi Lovato, who sang the national anthem that year, saw a 31% increase in Spotify streams. Even the halftime show guests, J. Balvin and Bad Bunny, enjoyed a notable spike in their Spotify streams.
love the foot work👣❤🎵🤩@Shakira @JLO #jlo #jenniferlopez #shakira #superbowl #fyp #foryou #fypage #foryoupage #fypシ
Here are the powerful performances of Latinos that are an important part of Super Bowl history.
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.