ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Rose and Bruno Mars match Olivia Rodrigo, Justin Bieber, and Jung Kook on one of Billboard's global ... More charts as their single "Apt." rules for a ninth week in a row.   NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MARCH 29: Rose from Blackpink attends the Sulwhasoo launch event at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the Upper East Side on March 29, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Gotham/GC Images)
Rosé rules the Billboard Global Excl. US again this week with what has turned out to be not just the biggest hit of her solo career, but one of the most popular tunes around the world this year. “Apt.,” a duet between the Blackpink star and Bruno Mars, is still leading the list of the most-consumed songs on the planet—with all sales and streaming data from the U.S. removed—and as the successful collaboration rules once more, it matches with several other giant smashes and earns a new spot in the history books.
“Apt.” has now controlled the Billboard Global Excl. US for nine weeks, which is one of the greatest runs ever on the tally. Only three tracks have held on for longer, and they’re all tied for the top spot.
As Mars and Rosé collect their ninth stay together in first place on the competitive list, they match with four other tracks, which have all also topped the ranking for just as many weeks. Gayle’s “ABCDEFU,” Olivia Rodrigo’s “Drivers License,” The Kid Laroi and Justin Bieber’s “Stay,” and Jung Kook and Latto’s “Seven” have all previously stayed in the penthouse for the same length of time.
Ahead of that cadre is a trio of smashes, which have yet to be beaten. “As It Was” by Harry Styles, “Flowers” by Miley Cyrus, and “All I Want for Christmas Is You” by Mariah Carey all spent a lucky 13 turns atop the Billboard Global Excl. US. The latter cut could add to that sum in the coming years, as it regularly returns to the No. 1 spot—or at least approaches it, as is the case this frame—and it may soon become a historic smash.
Unlike “ABCDEFU,” “Drivers License,” “Stay,” and “Seven,” “Apt.” isn’t through with its run on the Billboard Global Excl. US. The single could easily remain at No. 1 for a tenth week when Billboard refreshes its lists in short order…though whether it will match Styles, Carey, and Cyrus is tough to predict.
“Apt.” maintains its perfect track record on the Billboard Global Excl. US as it holds at No. 1. The tune debuted in first place nine weeks ago, and since then, no other hit has been able to best it and trade places—not even Carey’s Christmas classic.
As it ties “Seven,” “Apt.” also shares the title of the longest-leading single by any K-pop musician in the history of the Billboard Global Excl. US. Rosé originally hails from New Zealand, but she found fame as a member of Blackpink, one of the most successful names in the K-pop space, and she is primarily connected with that genre. She may soon pass the BTS star, as the world is still loving the catchy tune.