Fleur East has been flooded with support from fans as she shared a huge '10-year' update. The singer and TV and radio star was marking a whole decade since a performance she thinks changed her life on The X Factor.
Fleur shot to fame after taking part in the ITV singing competition back in 2014. Fans now see her hosting the Strictly Come Dancing spin-off It Takes Two after making the final of the BBC One dance contest back in 2022, as well as hear her present the breakfast show on Hits Radio with James Barr.
But Fleur, who is also a doting mum to her daughter Nova, who arrived in surprise fashion back at Easter, has now looked back fondly at one of her stand-out moments on The X Factor.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing's Katya Jones says 'guess what' as she makes Wynne Jones announcement
Alongside a clip of her performing the popular Bruno Mars track 'Uptown Funk', she wrote on Instagram: "Don’t believe me? Just watch! This week, 10 years ago, I performed Uptown Funk live on The X Factor! A moment that changed everything for me. My song was changed the day before the live show because someone on Simon Cowell’s team heard the song and the team asked me if I’d be up for learning it for the next day. I heard it, saw the video and decided to take the risk.
"We rehearsed the choreography the day before and I had to get the song in my head. I was SO nervous, but had no idea what that moment would do for me and my future. The song wasn’t even released in the UK, so no one knew it yet. The reaction was incredible and my version went to Number 1 the day after, while I was still in the competition. That performance changed the course of my entire X Factor journey and my career.
"Since then, so many doors have opened for me and the opportunities I’ve had have been incredible for me and my family. I’m so grateful for the platform that experience gave me and what it has allowed me to achieve since. I’m so pleased I was brave enough to take the risk and go for it!"
The mum-of-one added: "Thank you to all of you who have supported me since X Factor and over the past ten years. To everyone who has believed in me and encouraged me. I was a girl from Walthamstow with a dream and if I’d never believed in myself and queued up that day back in 2014 to audition, I wouldn’t be where I am today.
"If you are waiting for a sign to follow your dream and silence that voice of doubt that we all have at times, this is it! Go and fulfil your dream. Take that risk. You never know what could be waiting for you behind that door. KICK IT DOWN!"
Hits Radio co-star James was quick to respond, writing: "You inspire me every day. Happy 10 years!!!" Former Strictly dance partner Vito Coppola cheered: "Yeaaaaaaaaaah yes yes yes." Nancy Xu echoed: "yesssss ssssssss mama." Beverley Knight added: "COME OOOOOON!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.