By SEAN O'GRADY 
 Published:  01:50, 9 November 2024   |  Updated:  01:57, 9 November 2024   
 26
View  comments
JB Gill has admitted Amy Dowden's departure from Strictly Come Dancing was 'gutting' but he is determined to do her proud. 
The dancer, 34, admitted she was 'heartbroken' after she had to pull out of the competition, with JB, 37, continuing with a new professional, Lauren Oakley.
Speaking to The Mirror, the JLS star praised Amy for all the work she put in with him during their rehearsals before she had to step down due to a foot injury.
He said: 'She definitely hasn't let anybody down. Amy has been an incredible teacher. She has worked so hard for me and obviously it was great that we were able to establish that bond and that connection. 
'From day one, we worked on our partnership and worked on the things that we were passionate about.
JB Gill has admitted Amy Dowden 's departure from Strictly Come Dancing was 'gutting' but he is determined to do her proud
The dancer, 34, admitted she was 'heartbroken' after she had to pull out of the competition , with JB, 37, continuing with a new professional, Lauren Oakley (pictured)
'It's gutting, like Amy says, that it's ended in this way but there's nothing we can do about that now. We continue to look forward. It's great to have her in my corner still.'
JB added that Lauren has been a 'fantastic teacher' whose style is 'different' to Amy's and said the new couple intend to work hard. 
Lauren told how Amy sent her some notes to help her choreograph the samba they will perform this week 
It comes after Amy broke down in tears during an emotional appearance on Wednesday's It Takes Two.
Fighting back tears, Amy shared that the reason she was forced to withdraw from Strictly was 'an insuffiencency stress fracture on her shin,' but she hoped that after a few weeks rest, she could appear in a professionals group dance later in the series.
She told host Janette Manrara: 'I'm absolutely gutted, unfortunately I have had an insuffiencency stress fracture on my shin, nothing to do with my injury last year. 
'I'm gutted, I have to rest for a couple of weeks, but JB will have to conitnue without me. Hopefully I'll be back in some capacity, a group number, at the end of the series.'
Asked how much it meant to her to be back on Strictly this year after battling breast cancer, Amy tearfully said: 'It was everything, sorry I'm heartbroken! Being back with the Strictly family was the best rehab.
JB said: 'It's gutting, like Amy says, that it's ended in this way but there's nothing we can do about that now. We continue to look forward. It's great to have her in my corner still'
Amy broke down in tears during an emotional appearance on It Takes Two , after being forced to pull out of the BBC show in the wake of her foot injury
Asked how much it meant to her to be back on Strictly this year after battling breast cancer , Amy tearfully said: 'It was everything, sorry I'm heartbroken!'
'Lauren is getting a very kind, very patient partner, but he is so talented, he picks up the routine so fast. He just loves to dance, he's just enjoying his Strictly journey, and I just can't wait to see them continue on that dancefloor.'
'I'm just gutted because I was having the best best time, it's such an incredible experience, to have it unfortunately cut short is heartbreaking. I'll be there cheering everybody on!'
'I want to stress it's nothing to do with any previous health scares, it's one of those things.'
Amy added that Lauren was in for a treat dancing with JB, as he has 'so much rhythm' and had the potential to go far in the competition.
She added: 'I'm keeping up to date with how the dance is going. We've spoken a lot. We've formed such a lovely friendship.
'Lauren is getting a very kind and patient partner. He picks up the routines so fast, and most of all, he just loves to dance. I can't wait to watch them continue. As JB says: ''That's dope''.' 
It was confirmed on Monday's episode of It Takes Two that Amy will not return for the rest of the series, as she recovers from her injury.
Lauren told how Amy sent her some notes to help her choreograph the samba they will perform this week
JB added that Lauren has been a 'fantastic teacher' whose style is 'different' to Amy's and said the new couple intend to work hard
A Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson said: 'Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year.
'Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow Professional Dancer, Lauren Oakley, will step in as JB's dance partner.
'The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes.'
Amy was just 32 when, in May last year, she was given the earth-shattering news she had stage 3 breast cancer.
At the time she was filming the BBC series Dare To Dance and said she realised 'something wasn't right'. She found a lump on her breast the day before she was going on a second honeymoon with her husband Benjamin.
Later that year, she was diagnosed again with another unspecified type of cancer and underwent a course of chemotherapy.
Amy returned to hospital in August 2024 for more tests where, finally, she was given the all-clear.
After a year of scandal, BBC bosses were delighted that Amy was able to return to the show following her cancer battle as she was paired with JB.
Amy took to Instagram to share a post about her cancer journey and her time on Strictly, praising her partner JB and wishing him and Lauren luck
But during the live Halloween special last month, she was admitted to hospital following a reported collapse at Elstree Studios - the BBC show's Hertfordshire base - after suffering a 'medical emergency' backstage.
Moments before her hospital dash, Amy had performed the Foxtrot to Toploader hit Dancing In The Moonlight with her celebrity partner JB - but fans noted the dancer was partially seated during her latest performance.
On Sunday night's Strictly, viewers watched JB and his temporary partner Lauren avoid the dance off and make it through to another week.
The singer and Lauren soared to joint top of the leaderboard with their couples' choice performance to a Bruno Mars Medley, scoring a near-perfect 39 out of 40.
And as the pair were revealed to be safe for another week, JB paid a sweet tribute to Amy, as he looked to the camera and mouthed 'For you, Amy' as he dedicated the performance to the Welsh dancer.
Amy broke down in tears as she watched JB and her replacement Lauren get a near perfect score for their routine.
She said: 'I am so grateful to you Lauren. Thank you Lauren, thank you J, you too are just amazing. I just wish I was there with you.'
Hours before JB and choreographer Lauren took to the dancefloor, Amy wrote a heartfelt message of support for the pair on social media.
In a post on Instagram on Saturday, Amy shared a picture of Lauren and JB and wrote in the caption: 'Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight! I'm going to be your biggest cheerleader!'
Addressing her dance partner directly, Amy continued: 'JB it says everything how you've been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me! I'm so lucky! You're a STAR! I know what tonight means to you! Thank you!'
She also had kind words for Lauren after she stepped up to temporarily fill in for her on the show, gushing: 'Thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you!
'You know I've always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool tower at eight years old to tell you! Thank you darling!'
Rounding off her sweet message, Amy also gave a shout out to the Strictly choreographers for 'such a brilliant routine', while sharing her gratitude over the support she's had from fans.
'Also a big thank you for all the love and support I've received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped! Now tune into the first ever ICONS week on strictly!' she concluded.
JB then responded with his own heartfelt words, writing: 'You are the best. Your belief in me is so uplifting and your fighting spirit is second to none!
'Thank you for being my biggest champion and I know that @laurenmayoakley and I will do you PROUD.'
As Amy appeared on last week's It Takes Two, Janette Manrara asked: 'I want to start off with you Amy, how are you doing?'
The professional dancer replied: 'Yeah, I'm feeling so much better and I'd just like to thank everyone for all the love and support I've received and to my Strictly family.'
Commenting on how this week has been later in the show, she said: 'I'm just so proud and so grateful to Lauren - they've worked so hard and JB has just been so supportive of me.He's just knuckled down and the pair of them have messaged me all week.'
During the interview, Lauren explained the three of them have a Whatsapp group and she and JB have been sending Amy regular videos to keep her in the loop.
Amy chimed in with: 'I called it Team and a star next to it, we've been sending videos and messages every day.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group