You’ve been drafted, Mendes Army!
We know how long you’ve all been waiting for the “Señorita” singer to sweep off your feet in person. 
Maybe you remember 2019 — when the heartthrob announced he was canceling his post-pandemic “Wonder” tour to focus on his mental health. 
Well, it’ll be okay. Shawn Mendes is finally coming to you.
The Canadian singer-songwriter just announced he will be touring a few cities in North America with his new eponymous album, “Shawn” — which is set for release on October 18.
Ready to mark your calendars? Well, there is a slight catch. 
As of now, the viral Vine-star-turned Grammy-winner will only make a handful of stops on his “Shawn” trek around the states in the fall — including gigs in Woodstock’s Bearsville Theatre on Aug. 8 and Brooklyn’s Paramount Theater on Oct. 18 — before jetting off for some festival appearances in the international arena.
Mendes, 25, has already produced enough pop hits for three worldwide concert tours. This brief trek will be his fourth and a fast one at that. 
His upcoming shows have been described as “intimate” as he gets back into the swing of things, and it wouldn’t surprise us if he plays his new album from top to bottom. 
It’s safe to say the guy has been busy — so it’ll be important to snatch tickets to one of these gigs while you can. 
You never know when you’ll be able to catch him next.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is Tuesday, Aug. 6.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including North American ‘Shawn Tour’ dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.
On Oct. 18, Mendes will drop his fifth studio album “Shawn.”
Although no lead singles have been released as of yet, he has teased the record’s two lead tracks “Why Why Why” and “Isn’t That Enough” are due out on his birthday, Aug. 8.
In the meantime, you can hear a snippet of “Why Why Why” here:
A post shared by Shawn Mendes (@shawnmendes)
Many gifted tunesmiths and troubadours will warble at huge venues all over the U.S. these next few months.
Here are just five of our can’t-miss favorites that may be coming to you this year.
• Joshua Bassett
• Conan Gray
• Keshi
• Bruno Mars
• Benson Boone
 Who else is on the road? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find the show for you.