Do you remember what was on the radio in the year One Direction formed and Lady Gaga hit the red carpet in a meat dress? Refresh your memory with the best summer songs of 2010.

Skiddle Staff
Last updated: 26th Jun 2024
You can’t watch music videos from 2010 on YouTube without seeing comments like, “this is REAL music”, “today’s kids don’t know how hard this song is”, and “music from the 2010s really hit different”. 
As summertime has officially begun and the sunshine and heat have got us craving barbecues and pints, there’s no better time to revisit the most important summer hits of 2010. We all love a throwback tune or two that reminds us of the good old days. So get ready for a hit of nostalgia because here are the best summer songs of 2010!
Billionaire - Travie McCoy ft Bruno Mars
Catchy, relatable, and chilled with that reggae guitar strumming pattern, 'Billionaire' was all over the radio for the entire year. It's the kind of song that perfectly soundtracks laughing in the garden with some mates and a can in hand, a sunny picnic, or an afternoon drive. 
Pack Up - Eliza Doolittle 
The horns, the piano, the lyrics about not caring what people say about you - it just has that summery air about it. Light and freeing, we want to be soaking up the sun in a park with this one playing from our little Bluetooth speaker. 
Super Bass - Nicki Minaj 
'Super Bass' was one of the many singles from Nicki's debut album, an album that shot her to fame and kickstarted her career that paved the way for artists such as Cardi B, Doja Cat, and Megan Thee Stallion. Sweet and legendary, 'Super Bass' is a summer bop we’ll never forget.
Club Can't Handle Me - Flo Rida ft David Guetta 
Nostalgia hits you hard when you hear the opening notes of this euphoric club anthem. Carefree, warm, and with lyrics and a sound that make you feel like the main character, it’s easily one of the best summer hits of 2010.
Waka Waka - Shakira
Influenced by traditional African music and with a light South African guitar line, 'Waka Waka' instantly transports you to a paradise where the sun always shines, and you don’t have a care in the world. Even though it reminds us of Lampard’s disallowed against Germany in the World Cup, it’s still one of the more memorable summer songs of 2010.
California Gurls - Katy Perry 
Love it or hate it, with mentions of Daisy Dukes, cocktails, bikinis, and sun-kissed skin, 'California Gurls' was destined to be one of the top 2010 summer songs. The warm synths are so 2010, while the funky guitar and slap bass adds a light-hearted, playful touch.
Stereo Love - Edward Maya & Vika Jigulina
Okay, so this timeless banger was released in late 2009. But it was everywhere in 2010, and since you’re probably here for a throwback, it fits brilliantly. How can you hear this and not think of cannonballing into the pool on your all-inclusive summer holiday? 
Cooler Than Me - Mike Posner
Back in the day, every youngun was posting sunglasses selfies on Facebook with “you got dezigner shadez just to hide ya face :]]]” as the caption. Safe to say 'Cooler Than Me' was pretty well-received by younguns in the UK. 
All The Lovers - Kylie Minogue
“I'm on fire, fire, fire, fire” Kylie sings, and we feel the same in this heatwave. The national anthem of Australia, this one radiates sunshine, positivity, and freedom. We’re manifesting all of that for summer. 
Just A Dream - Nelly 
One of the best summer songs of 2010? Or one of the best songs ever? We’ll let you decide. But either way, we reckon future generations will be jealous that we got to experience a time when this was in the charts. 
Dynamite - Taio Cruz 
With mentions of throwing hands in the air, Taio living his life, and rocking clubs, 'Dynamite' is somewhat cliché but does what a summer song should. Its simplicity is mind numbing in the best way, letting you shut your brain off so you can enjoy the summery vibes. 
Only Girl (In The World) - Rihanna
Remember all the lads running around wearing Topman Rihanna t-shirts and chinos? Fashion. The Grammy-winning song spent two weeks at the top of the charts in the UK, selling over a million copies. To this day, if you put it on, everyone will throw their head back and sing along at the top of their lungs.
POWER - Kanye West
2010 was the year Kanye blessed the world with My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. An instant adrenaline rush, 'POWER' is confident and empowering, which is exactly how the summer feels too. The synergy created from strutting down the street on a sunny day with 'POWER' playing in your ears is simply insane. 
Like a G6 - Far East Movement ft The Cataracs & Dev
Is 'Like A G6' really one of the best summer songs of 2010? No. No, it’s not. But we figured you’re probably reading this to ride a wave of nostalgia, and we’re pretty sure everyone has vivid memories attached to this one so we included it anyway. Enjoy! 
Summer songs from 2010 are pretty hard to beat. There’s just something about them that… hits different. We hope you enjoyed revisiting the top 2010 summer songs, now watch this space for more blogs on the best summer blasts from the past.  
Hungry for more? Check out the best summer songs of 2014, 2016, 2019, and more!
Check out our What's On Guide to discover even more rowdy raves and sweaty gigs taking place over the coming weeks and months. For festivals, lifestyle events and more, head on over to our Things To Do page or be inspired by the event selections on our Inspire Me page.
Read more news
live news
club news
festival news
all latest news
Order History / Your Tickets
Gigs  ●  Clubs  ● 
                    Festivals ● 
                    Things to do
“On your side since 2001, because we believe true fans deserve a
                    fairer and smarter way to discover events they love.”
© 2001 - 2025 Skiddle Ltd  |  Skiddle is a registered
                    trademark  |  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

        We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience possible. By continuing, you're accepting that
        you're happy with our cookie policy. Click
        here
        to find out more.
    
❌