By KATE DENNETT FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:17, 11 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:43, 11 January 2024   
 161
View  comments
Bruno Mars' 13-year relationship with his girlfriend Jessica Caban is reportedly 'on the rocks'.
The singer, 38, and the model, 41, have been in a relationship since 2011 but are said to have spent Christmas and New Year's Eve apart.
Bruno's busy touring schedule has reportedly kept them away from each other, with a friend of a couple claiming they are 'living separate lives'.
They told The Sun: 'Bruno and Jessica barely spend time together anymore — it is really sad.
'They are living separate lives so it doesn't bode well for their relationship. It feels like things are fizzling out between them.
Bruno Mars' 13-year relationship with his girlfriend Jessica Caban (both pictured in January 2014) is reportedly 'on the rocks'
'They have so much history together but we aren't sure whether they will be able to save things this time.'
MailOnline has contacted Bruno and Jessica's representatives for comment.
Bruno is currently abroad in Tokyo for a string of shows, while he will then jet back to the United States to perform in Los Angeles.
He and Jessica met by chance back in 2011 when the Just The Way You Are hitmaker spotted her at a restaurant in NYC and decided to introduce himself.
The couple, who tend to keep their relationship off social media, are said to live together in the Hollywood Hills with their dog Geronimo.
Despite his high profile, the Hawaii-born artist has kept their relationship out of the spotlight.
He briefly commented on their romance during a 2016 Rolling Stone interview, when he was asked if he would ever propose to Jessica.
Seeming taken aback, he replied: 'Jesus! She's my best friend. My rock. What's wrong with that? We're just happy.'
Jessica began a modeling career in 2002 after getting picked by Jennifer Lopez to star in her campaign for her clothing line.
She has also dabbled in acting, having starred in four episodes of Jane The Virgin in 2016-2017 as the character Sonia.
The singer, 38, and the model, 41, (pictured in 2018) have been in a relationship since 2011 but are said to have spent Christmas and New Year's Eve apart amid Bruno's busy touring schedule
Bruno (pictured in April 2022) is currently abroad in Tokyo for a string of shows, while he will then jet back to the United States to perform in Los Angeles 
Bruno has seen huge success in his music career with his smash hit tracks Grenade, Uptown Funk and Just The Way You Are.
In October, Bruno cancelled his sold-out Saturday night concert in Tel Aviv amid the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
Hamas mounted a surprise invasion of Israel from Gaza on October 7, unleashing a blizzard of rockets and breaching the border by land, sea and air.
As the violence raged on, Live Nation Israel announced that Bruno's concert in Tel Aviv had been called off and the ticket prices would be refunded.
'Dear customers, The performance of Bruno Mars that was planned to take place tonight is cancelled,' the company wrote on Instagram in Hebrew.
'All ticket buyers for the show will receive an automatic refund to the credit card with which the purchase was made. We stand with the residents of Israel, the IDF fighters and the security forces in these difficult moments.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group