Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing fans have expressed their frustration that professional dancer Lauren Oakley was not paired with a celebrity in this year's contest, despite her near-flawless performance on Saturday evening (November 2).
The ballroom welcomed the remaining 10 couples for an Icons-themed week. JLS star JB Gill was temporarily partnered with Lauren after Amy Dowden was hospitalised last weekend.
However, during the live show, Amy joined the couples in the 'Clauditorium' to cheer on JB and Lauren, who performed a Couples' Choice routine to a Bruno Mars medley. The dance earned JB and Lauren almost perfect scores of 39 from the judges.
Following the judges' feedback, JB commented: "Obviously it's a new partnership, but I've been able to focus on the dancing and just do Amy proud."
 Lauren chimed in: "I just wanted to make Amy proud and I hope we did. We had fun out there. I hope you had fun watching.", reports the Mirror. 
"I'm so grateful to you, Lauren," Amy told her fellow professional, before sharing a touching childhood memory.
"I came up to Lauren when I was eight years old at Blackpool Tower, and she just danced and I told her I was her biggest fan," she disclosed. "So thank you Lauren, thank you J[B]. I wish I could stay with you, you're amazing."
While a multitude of Strictly fans flooded social media with messages of support for Amy, some viewers also voiced their disappointment that Lauren wasn't part of the competition this year.
One fan took to X, expressing their opinion: "Lauren should have been given a partner this year #strictly." Another shared their enthusiasm: "JB and Lauren were AMAZING. But also. Lauren has to be one of the best female professionals on the show. She's so sharp. Just brilliant! #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly."
A third chimed in with a plea: "NEVER and I mean NEVER not give Lauren a partner again! Love her #strictly." And yet another urged: "Dear strictly. never bench Lauren Oakley again. thank you #strictly".
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One