Shed Seven have secured their second number one album of the year in the UK chart with Liquid Gold.


  In January, the group claimed their first number one with A Matter Of Time, almost 30 years on from the release of their debut studio album Change Giver.


  The band rocked up in Bury last week.


  To mark 30 years in the business, the band has re-recorded its hits with an orchestra, releasing its album Liquid Gold on Friday.


(Image: Danny Crompton)


  The album includes classics like On Standby, Going For Gold and huge festival closer Chasing Rainbows.


  As part of its in-store tour, they swung by Wax and Beans on Market Street in Bury on Friday evening for an intimate performance and album signing in front of 120 fans.


  Guitar player Paul Banks said: “Can’t quite really believe that we’re standing here once again this year, but this is our second number one of 2024, which is just absolutely mind blowing.


  “We are a self-managed band, we do all of this ourselves, but we would like to thank our amazing label, Cooking Vinyl… all our crew, and most of all, I want to thank all the fans who’ve been getting out there this week and getting behind the band.


  “We’re immensely proud of us and you, and we can’t wait to get out on tour for the rest of the year and celebrate what an amazing year we’ve had.”


(Image: Danny Crompton)


  The alternative rock band formed in 1990 amid the burgeoning Brit pop movement and their debut album, Change Giver, peaked at number 16 following its release in 1994.


  Their new album revisits famous tracks from their past in celebration of their 30-year journey as recording artists.


  Tom Newman, product and marketing manager at Cooking Vinyl, said: “We’re so over the moon with this achievement – the band landing their first ever number one ever in January was incredible, but to follow up so soon less than 10 months later for another one is a real ‘pinch me’ moment.


  “We’ve all worked so hard, especially the band who we are just so incredibly proud of. They’ve set the bar high for all other independent artists.”


  Elsewhere in the UK albums chart, Post Human: Next Gen from Bring Me The Horizon has debuted at number two while Sabrina Carpenter’s album Short N’ Sweet moves from second place to number three.


  In at number four is a new arrival from British rapper Nines called Quit While You’re Ahead, with Ed Sheeran’s mathematics-inspired Tour Collection arriving at number five.


  In the singles chart, Taste by US pop star Carpenter, who has been dominating the UK charts since the summer, has settled in for a sixth week at number one, according to the Official Chart Company.


  Her song Espresso, which picked up the best song award at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs), is currently sitting at number three while Please Please Please is in at number five.


  Making up the rest of the top five is Chappell Roan’s Good Luck Babe, in at number two, and Die With A Smile by Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars, which is at number four.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.