Manage your account
With apologies to the Kentucky Derby, the 2024 awards season should be dubbed “The Run for the Roses.” From Jennifer Lopez at the Golden Globes to Margot Robbie and Emily Blunt at Critics Choice to Meghann Fahy at the 2023 Emmy Awards, have floral details ever dominated a succession of red carpets so strongly?
Perhaps it’s the result of three awards shows within an eight-day period, but red carpet trends have quickly become fashion’s hottest talking points. Not only floral details, but also the omnipresence of red, white and black as color preferences, the determination among several men to abandon any thought of a tie, and the addition of a brooch to a tuxedo lapel across men of every style and demographic.
More from The Hollywood Reporter
Stylists Wayman and Micah on Taraji P. Henson's "Elegant, Bold" Emmys Look in Versace (Exclusive)
Casey Bloys Reflects on HBO's Emmys Dominance, Looks Ahead to 2024 - and 2025
TV Ratings: Emmys Fall to Another All-Time Low
Also seen on the star-studded red carpet at the Emmys: a proliferation of va-va-voom mermaid gowns, with Sheryl Lee Ralph in Christian Siriano, Hannah Waddingham in custom Marchesa, and Emmy winner Niecy Nash-Betts in custom Greta Constantine among the trend’s standout looks.
Who pulled off every element to perfection at the Jan. 15 ceremony at the Peacock Theater at L.A. Live in downtown Los Angeles? Check out this roundup of the night’s 15 best looks:
Ayo Edebiri in custom Louis Vuitton
The co-star of The Bear is three-for-three with her awards-season wins, and she’s killing it on the red carpet as well. At Monday’s event, Ayo Edebiri captured a best supporting actress trophy while looking cool and artful in a custom look by Louis Vuitton, a black leather bustier gown crafted in a sculptural 3D tulip detail, paired with Louis Vuitton shoes. Diamonds by Brilliant Earth completed her look.
Sarah Snook in Vivienne Westwood
The Succession star and Emmy best actress winner chose a Vivienne Westwood poppy-red corset gown that suited her skin tone perfectly, while her Cartier high jewelry, crafted of emeralds and diamonds set in 18-karat white gold, made her both giddy and nervous, telling E!’s Laverne Cox on the carpet that she asked the jeweler’s security to make sure her husband knew how the necklace’s clasp worked — not only to remove it at the end of the night, but mainly to make sure it stayed on at the event.
Adam DiMarco in Dior Men
If you’re skipping the tie, as many men have this awards season, make sure the rest of the look is both polished and tailored well. The White Lotus’s Adam DiMarco understood that assignment in this Dior Men look, which included a double-breasted jacket and a crisp white buttoned shirt.
Issa Rae in Pamella Roland
It’s easy to see when someone loves what they’re wearing, and that indeed was the case with Issa Rae in this beaded and feather-adorned confection by Pamella Roland. “I wanted to feel bedazzled,” Rae said on the carpet, and she accomplished that task nicely in this champagne embroidered tulle caftan embellished with feathers from Roland’s Spring 2024 collection. Rae finished the look with yellow gold and diamond jewelry by Cast.
Meghann Fahy in Giorgio Armani Privé
A best supporting actress nominee for The White Lotus, Meghann Fahy embraced the season’s trend of rose embellishments with this Giorgio Armani Privé bustier gown, crafted in a red silk velvet with a splash of roses along the strapless neckline, some embroidered with crystals. The actress paired the gown with Bulgari — high jewelry earrings and bracelet and a Serpenti ring, all set in pink gold with diamonds — and Christian Louboutin’s Movida Sabina red platform sandals.
Selena Gomez in Oscar de la Renta
Among the night’s wow moments was Selena Gomez’s arrival in this Oscar de la Renta gown by Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia, a fern-embroidered piece inspired by the duo’s Pre-Fall 2024 collection. The gown is composed of roughly 450,000 paillettes in shades of rosewood and burgundy and required 930 hours of hand embroidery. Gomez also drew the spotlight for her stunning Jean Schlumberger Tiffany Bird on a Rock necklace crafted in yellow gold and platinum with diamonds and pink sapphires surrounding a morganite that totaled more than 35 carats. She finished the look with additional Tiffany & Co. jewels and Rene Caovilla’s Cleo velvet sandals.
Colman Domingo in Louis Vuitton
If Colman Domingo is gunning to be named the 2024 awards season’s best-dressed man, he’s surely making it look effortless. On Monday’s carpet the actor looked pristine and chic in a custom look by Louis Vuitton, consisting of a black evening coat with satin lapels and pearl button closure, white shirt and matching trousers, accessorized with black boots, a pearl necklace, brooch and bracelet also by Louis Vuitton, while Domingo added another bracelet, earrings and rings by Reza.
Rachel Brosnahan in Atelier Versace
Who wouldn’t love Rachel Brosnahan’s gorgeous corset gown by Atelier Versace? A stunning example of construction and handcraft, the dress checked all the boxes in fit, details and style. Noting that the plans and fittings for the dress had spanned at least two months, the actress said on the red carpet that she felt “like a purple warrior princess” in the look. The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel star and Emmy nominee accessorized the design with gold and diamond jewels by Rainbow K, Suzanne Kalan and Yvonne Léon and Aquazurra shoes.
Donald Glover in Bode
The star of the upcoming Mr. & Mrs. Smith, premiering on Amazon Prime on Feb. 2, embraced the season’s floral theme with this suit by Bode, the New York-based luxury brand that’s also been spotted on Jordan Peele, Harry Styles and Bruno Mars. Glover finished his look with a watch and gold jewelry by Cartier.
Christina Ricci in Saint Laurent
The Yellowjackets star captivated on the silver carpet in this black velvet Saint Laurent gown with a plunging neckline, a perfect design to also showcase Ricci’s jewelry by Martin Katz. Among her emerald and diamond jewelry was a tassel crafted of emerald beads surrounded by diamond bezels and set in 18-karat yellow gold, suspended on Katz’s Diamonds by the Yard necklace in 18-karat white gold. A Saint Laurent clutch finished the look.
Elizabeth Debicki in Dior Haute Couture
Always a fashion favorite, Elizabeth Debicki didn’t disappoint on the Emmys red carpet with the chic simplicity of her Dior Haute Couture sheath, especially when she turned around to reveal the design’s gorgeous open back. A best supporting actress nominee for The Crown, Debicki paired the dress with Dior jewels.
Riley Keough in Chanel Haute Couture 
The Daisy Jones & The Six star has looked ethereal and elegant throughout the awards season in Chanel, and the 2023 Emmy Awards were no exception. Keough’s look consisted of shorts embroidered with a black and white bee motif under a gown of black organza, from Chanel’s Spring 2023 haute-couture collection. The look was finished with high jewelry and shoes also by Chanel.
Tyler James Williams in Dolce & Gabbana 
The cut of the Dolce & Gabbana leather jacket worn by Abbott Elementary’s Tyler James Williams was so terrific, he looked like nothing less than a superhero. The best supporting actor nominee’s custom ensemble consisted of the Italian label’s Sicilia-fit double-breasted jacket with shawl lapels, matching trousers and patent-leather boots. He paired the look with Cartier’s Tank Française watch and jewels in diamonds and 18-karat white gold.
Keri Russell in Alexandre Vauthier Couture
When this navy organza gown with a cape and velvet belt with brooch appeared on Alexander Vauthier’s haute-couture runway last July, every red carpet reporter pinpointed it immediately as ideal for a Hollywood star. It was thrilling, then, to see The Diplomat’s Keri Russell choose the look for the 2023 Emmy Awards, instantly communicating glamour and forward-thinking style. Russell finished the look with Priti by Appointment NY jewels, a Tyler Ellis bag and Saint Laurent shoes.
Jessica Chastain in Gucci 
Amid a sea of black and deep crimson looks, Jessica Chastain stood out like a klieg light in her custom Gucci gown, and that’s meant as a compliment in the best possible way. The best actress nominee for a limited series or anthology for George & Tammy wore a custom fluorescent green gown by creative director Sabato De Sarno, crafted of silk cady with allover sequined embroidery and beaded fringes. Chastain completed the look with emerald and diamond jewelry by Reza.
See the full list of winners from the 2023 Emmys here.
Best of The Hollywood Reporter
Meet the Superstars Who Glam Up Hollywood’s A-List 
Rosie O'Donnell on Ellen, Madonna, Trump and 40 Years in the Queer Spotlight
Hollywood’s 25 Most Powerful Stylists: Why Sydney Sweeney, Sadie Sink, Anne Hathaway, Angela Bassett and Jodie Turner-Smith Love Their Image Makers