Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Miley Cyrus has been accused of stealing portions of Bruno Mars track When I Was Your Man in her Grammy-winning hit Flowers. 
Sept. 17 2024, Published 12:32 p.m. ET
Miley Cyrus is being sued for ripping off a Bruno Mars song on her global hit Flowers.
RadarOnline.com can reveal the singer and her co-writers have been accused of copying portions of the 24K Magic hitmaker’s track When I Was Your Man in a lawsuit filed on Monday.
Flowers spent eight weeks at number one in the U.S. last year.
Mars himself is not named as a plaintiff, it’s Tempo Music pushing the charge who say they own a portion of When I Was Your Man purchased from co-writer Philip Lawrence.
The lawsuit, filed in Los Angeles federal court, claimed that Flowers - which won Cyrus her first-ever Grammy - includes unauthorised “exploitation” of the song. 
Co-writers Gregory Hein and Michael Pollack are also named, and Sony Music Publishing, Apple, Target, Walmart and other companies are accused for distributing the song.
Bruno Mars released song When I Was Your Man in 2012.
The lawsuit states: “Any fan of Bruno Mars’ When I Was Your Man knows that Miley Cyrus’s Flowers did not achieve all of that success on its own. Flowers duplicates numerous melodic, harmonic, and lyrical elements of When I Was Your Man, including the melodic pitch design and sequence of the verse, the connecting bass line, certain bars of the chorus, certain theatrical music elements, lyric elements, and specific chord progressions.”
It continues: “It is undeniable based on the combination and number of similarities between the two recordings that Flowers would not exist without When I Was Your Man. With Flowers, Cyrus, Hein and Pollack have created a derivative work of When I Was Your Man without authorisation.”
Flowers won Cyrus best pop solo performance at the Grammys earlier this year: the same category Mars was nominated for.
Miley Cyrus backtracked on her comments about leaving U.S over Trump.
The song also won Record Of The Year - which honors songwriters - and was nominated for Song of the Year, but was beaten by What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish. 
Flowers also spent eight weeks at number-one in the U.S. last year
Around the time the song was released, Cyrus’s fans spotted apparent similarities to When I Was Your Man.
In her song, Cyrus seemingly flips the lyrics from Mars’s song: “I should’ve bought you flowers/ And held your hand/ Should’ve gave you all my hours/ When I had the chance/ Take you to every party/ ‘Cause all you wanted to do was dance/ Now my baby’s dancing/ But she’s dancing with another man.”
Fans noticed the similarities between both tracks when Flowers was released last year.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The lyrics to Flowers include the chorus: “I can buy myself flowers/ Write my name in the sand/ Talk to myself for hours/ Say things you don’t understand/ I can take myself dancing/ And I can hold my own hand/ Yeah, I can love me better than you can.”
Fans also noted that Cyrus seemed to use a similar melody in her chorus to the one in Mars’s track.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.