Grade: 4.0/5.0
Rosé has been the spitting image of perfection since her debut in Blackpink in 2016. The vocal powerhouse of one of today’s most iconic girl groups, she’s quickly become known for her honeyed vocal tone and undeniable swagger, whether she’s performing at a Korean music show or dominating the stage at Coachella. But now that the girls have embarked on their solo careers after parting ways with YG Entertainment, Rosé is ready to open up and peel back the veneer of perfection with her first solo album, rosie.
Rosé first introduced the world to her solo debut with the surprise pop-punk anthem featuring Bruno Mars that is “APT.,” and it’s become a global phenomenon since then. The track transforms a traditional Korean drinking game song into a punchy declaration of desire, and the duo’s chemistry is undeniable. The way their vocals weave together effortlessly in the most high-energy track on rosie, makes it easy to see why the single has already surpassed half a billion streams since its release in October.
But similar to BLACKPINK’s signature blend of femme fatale darkness and bubblegum pop lightness, rosie thrives on contrast. The album’s opening track and the second prerelease single is the raw, stripped-back piano ballad “number one girl.” For an artist who once exuded untouchable fierceness, the track exposes an unseen deep side to the global superstar; she is uncertain and heartbreakingly human. A track punctuated by sincerity, she pleads: “I’d do anything to make you want me / I’d give it all up if you told me / That I’d be / The number one girl in your eyes.”
In an industry where relationships are often met with relentless scrutiny, crafting an album around themes of heartbreak and longing is daring and bold. rosie reaches its emotional core with “toxic till the end.” Rosé delivers a personal narrative of a toxic relationship — persistent jealousy, conniving manipulation and unhealthy attachment are all wrapped up in a catchy bow on this poppy track. The popstar revels in the messiness of an imperfect love affair — and alongside the light as a feather R&B “gameboy” and the titillatingly playful “drinks or coffee,” rosie easily plays with genre and mood in this highly personal, dynamic album of the soaring highs and deep lows of love. 
It’s in the album’s slower songs that Rosé’s potential is put on full display though. “stay a little longer” is rosie’s standout ballad, with its delicate instrumentation pushing her voice to center stage. Here, she dips into a deeper, almost rough vocal range, adding a rawness to her pleas: “Please, won’t you stay, stay a little longer, babe? / Don’t walk away when I’m here callin’ your name / I’m fragile, I’m speechlеss, don't leave me in piеces.” This emotional depth marks rosie as distinctly hers as she continues to masterfully wrestle with love and loss in vocal-heavy tracks like “call it the end” and “not the same.”
But rosie unravels like a stolen diary as it ends on a lighter note of a carefree bliss with “dance all night.” As she sings “Dance all night, I’ll be there for you tomorrow / You can dry your eyes, we’ll laugh away the sorrow / When the morning comes, just promise me you’ll stay forever young / Forever young,” Rosé doesn’t take her leave in shambles. She picks herself back up in this hopeful conclusion, ready to take on the world with a renewed promise of tomorrow.
rosie is in many ways, the perfect reintroduction to Rosé. Fans and critics alike have been waiting with baited breath for Blackpink’s solo ventures, and Rosé is already paving a road for herself. With its unflinching vulnerability and confident artistry, rosie marks a new chapter for the singer-songwriter. If this is just the beginning of her blossoming solo career, her number ones — and the entire world — cannot wait to see what else she has in store.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: