Hilary Duff and husband Matthew Koma dressed up as her ex Joel Madden and his brother Benji Madden for a Halloween dinner with Joel and wife Nicole Richie.
Hilary Duff and Matthew Koma actually do wanna be just like Good Charlotte. 
The Lizzie McGuire alum and her husband of five years pulled off the most epic Halloween costumes, dressing as brothers Benji Madden and Joel Madden. But it wasn't just the costumes that turned heads but where they wore them, as the duo showed off the looks while out to dinner with Joel—whom Hilary dated from 2004 to 2006—and his wife Nicole Richie.
Matthew shared his and Hilary's looks to his Instagram Story Oct. 30, tagging the Good Charlotte members as well as Nicole. In the snap, Matthew and Hilary—who are parents to Banks, 5, Mae, 3, and Townes, 5 months, along with Luca, 11, from Hilary's previous marriage to Mike Comrie—donned matching sunglasses, while Matt channeled Joel with his MDDN hat, leather jacket and chain necklace. Hilary took on the role of Benji, also wearing a black cap, chain necklaces and leather vest. 
And of course, Joel and Nicole—who have been married since 2010 and share kids Harlow, 16, and Sparrow, 15—were delighted by the costume tribute.
The Simple Life star shared a picture of Hilary and Matthew to her Instagram story, which Joel reposted, writing, "Protect @matthewkoma and @hilaryduff at all costs," along with two crown emojis.
Despite the fact that Hilary and Joel dated over two decades ago, the couples have proven time and time again that they do indeed have a fantastic friendship.
For Joel's birthday in 2023, Matthew shared several photos celebrating the "Girls & Boys" singer—including a throwback of Joel and Hilary from when they dated in 2006—writing, "It's not even that weird that you dated my wife @joelmadden. It just makes me feel closer to you."
The quartet even enjoyed a date night together in 2022, further cementing the friendship. And according to Hilary, she has a fantastic relationship with Joel, Nicole and their whole family.
"We're neighbors. And we actually hang out all the time," she shared on Watch What Happens Live in 2023. "I was just in her driveway honking her to come drink wine with us the other day."
And over the years, she, Joel and Nicole have come to enjoy her husband Matthew's trolling ways, with Hilary recalling one hilarious moment in particular.
"Right when they moved in, for some reason, Matt photoshopped a picture of Joel and Benji in a photo with me on Valentine's Day," she laughed. "'Happy Valentine's Day, honey.'"
Hilary added, "Now they just know that Matt is a big troll and likes to have lots of fun."
Keep reading to see what the rest of your favorite stars are dressing up as for Halloween this year.
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.