The Pinky Ring is a Las Vegas cocktail and live music venue designed by Yabu Pushelberg for Bruno Mars

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Global design studio Yabu Pushelberg has collaborated with singer-songwriter Bruno Mars to design The Pinky Ring, a cocktail lounge and live music venue at the heart of Las Vegas' Bellagio Resort and Casino, filled with decadence and grandeur.
The cocktail lounge’s central interior theme has a 1970s vibe, from the deep-set furnishings to the no-phones policy. The furniture curves around the space, soft velvets marrying with marble table tops to create a sense of opulent comfort. A mirrored passageway decorated with Bruno Mars’ Grammy Award collection leads guests into the secluded space.
The muted interior hues are intended as a soothing respite from the vibrancy of Las Vegas. The bar and lounge have independent colour palettes of contrasting greens and browns, while a sunken conversation pit is the retro centrepiece of the 5,000 sq ft space. Each area exudes a debonair feel.
The Pinky Ring’s strict no-phones policy encourages guests to enjoy the moment, while low lighting inspired by mellow music videos helps set a sensual mood.
Yabu Pushelberg founders George Yabu and Glenn Pushelberg said of the project, ‘There is this decadent, outrageous fantasy surrounding Las Vegas and how it can be experienced; The Pinky Ring brings that to life. With Bruno, we designed the bar and lounge as an opulent adult playground, with an attitude reminiscent of a 1970s penthouse party.'
bellagio.mgmresorts.com
Receive our daily digest of inspiration, escapism and design stories from around the world direct to your inbox.
Tianna Williams is Wallpaper*s staff writer. Before joining the team in 2023, she contributed to BBC Wales, SurfGirl Magazine, Parisian Vibe, The Rakish Gent, and Country Life, with work spanning from social media content creation to editorial. When she isn’t writing extensively across varying content pillars ranging from design, and architecture to travel, and art, she also helps put together the daily newsletter. She enjoys speaking to emerging artists, designers, and architects, writing about gorgeously designed houses and restaurants, and day-dreaming about her next travel destination.

Guggenheim Bilbao hosts 'Painting Without Rules', a major exhibition of soak-stain innovator Helen Frankenthaler’s paintings that also includes Pollock and Rothko


The best beauty products of the month, selected by Wallpaper*, include Dyson’s life-changing new hairdryer, zingy springtime nail polish by Hermès and skin barrier saviours by the likes of Dr Barbara Sturm


Best known for her work with the Safdie brothers, the New York-based costume designer scoured French markets and collaborated with Renaissance Renaissance’s Cynthia Merhej to capture the dreamlike spirit of Durga Chew-Bose’s retelling of the Françoise Sagan novella


The new restaurant is chef Eric Adjepong’s colourful ode to the recipes he grew up loving


Café 2001 channels the spirit of an American diner with the flow of a European bistro and the artistry of Japanese cuisine


Artist Mr.StarCity is exhibiting his emotionally charged yet optimistic ‘Bloomers’ portrait series at Frevo, a Greenwich Village hidden haunt


After a successful U.S. expansion, Kyuramen touches down in Los Angeles.


Celebrate the world’s most unique tea houses, from Melbourne to Stockholm, with a new book by Wallpaper’s Léa Teuscher


It’s a prime time for Angelenos, and others, to head out to Palm Springs; here’s where to have fun on your getaway


The restaurant, inspired by a stretch of boulevard bridging Brooklyn and Queens, honors legacy, community and pleasure


At Leon’s, classic Italian fare comes with a North African accent and with a side of family history


Wallpaper* is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.