Bruno Mars may not be a billionaire yet, but he's certainly rich enough to feel like one.
Mars -- who made headlines this week after reports surfaced that he allegedly racked up as much as $50 million in gambling debt -- is estimated by Celebrity Net Worth (CNW) to be worth $175 million.
One of the best-selling music artists of all time, the 38-year-old Grammy winner has sold over 130 million records worldwide.
His debut album, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans," sold over 15.5 million copies, while his follow-up, "Unorthodox Jukebox," sold more than 6 million copies.
He is also one of the highest-selling artists ever in terms of digital sales, with many of his singles each getting more than 10 million digital downloads.
Mars has had several chart-topping hits, including "Just the Way You Are," "Uptown Funk!" with Mark Ronson, and "Leave the Door Open" with Anderson .Paak.
In addition to his music sales, Mars has made tens of millions from touring and his ongoing Las Vegas residency.
His "Moonshine Jungle Tour," which ran from 2013 to 2014, grossed $156.4 million, according to CNW.
Mars' "24K Magic World Tour," in support of his album of the same name, reportedly grossed more than $300 million from 2017 to 2018.
Mars began his multiyear residency with MGM Resorts in Las Vegas in December 2016.
The residency had grossed $53.2 million and sold 201,000 tickets as of August 2021, Billboard Boxscore reported.
It is unclear how much Mars took home from his concert and residency ticket sales.
But CNW reported that Mars earned a pre-tax income of $60 million in 2014, $40 million between June 2016 and June 2017, and $100 million between June 2017 and June 2018.
Cosmopolitan reported that Mars also likely earns millions from his YouTube channel, which has nearly 38 million subscribers and garnered more than 20 billion views across 99 videos, according to Social Blade.
Beyond his work as a musician, Mars also makes money from his business ventures.
He reportedly invested in electronic cigarette company NJOY, rum company SelvaRey Rum, and digital sheet music company Chromatik.
In 2021, he teamed up with Lacoste to release '70s-inspired sportswear.
Mars also owns a palatial $6.5 million home in Fryman Canyon, California, according to Architectural Digest.
The mansion spans 9,000 square feet and features amenities such as a wine cellar, steam baths and dry saunas, an infinity pool and heated cabana, and a children's playground.
But Mars' massive fortune could take a hit as NewsNation recently reported, citing unnamed Las Vegas insiders, that the singer allegedly owes MGM Casino up to $50 million in debt due to his gambling. Enstarz could not independently verify this information.
"[MGM] basically own him. He makes $90 million a year off of the deal he did with the casino, but then he has to pay back his debt," one insider told the outlet.
The source also claimed that Mars earns $1.5 million per night after taxes.
According to NewsNation, Mars' deal with the hospitality giant reportedly included the creation of a cocktail lounge called The Pinky Ring in the Bellagio Resort. The lounge opened in February.
Mars reportedly also has another project with MGM that's currently in the works.
Following concerts in Japan, South Korea, and the Philippines, Mars is set to perform in Bangkok, Thailand, and Singapore this March and April, according to Consequence.
He is also performing 12 dates from June to September as part of his Las Vegas residency at Park MGM.