Searching for your content...

                        In-Language News
                    

Contact Us


 888-776-0942

from 8 AM - 10 PM ET

Jul 31, 2024, 18:15 ET
Share this article
Adjusted EBITDA up 57% Year-on-Year
Market Share Reached 16.5%
HONG KONG, July 31, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- MGM China Holdings Limited ("MGM China" or the "Company"; SEHK Stock Code: 2282) today announced the selected unaudited financial data of the Company and its subsidiaries (the "Group") for second quarter and the first half of 2024 (the "Period").
The Group is pleased to see Macau continue to grow. Total visitor arrivals in first half of year increased 43% year-on-year to 91,868 per day. The visitation recovered to 82% of first half 2019.
Gross gaming revenue (GGR) in Macau was up 41% from same period in last year to MOP 625 million per day, represented a 76% recovery of first half 2019. In addition, mass gaming revenue grew 45% compared to a year ago, represented 111% of 2019. The continuous growth of mass market has boosted industry EBITDA to have recovered to an estimated 80-85% of 2019 pre-COVID levels.
With a guest-centric focus, MGM is awarded in February seven Five-Star awards by Forbes Travel Guide 2024. This demonstrates our leading position in the hospitality industry and its commitment to providing the finest service and resort amenities.
During the Period, MGM China has proudly delivered a series of non-gaming events and excitements to Macau. We have hosted in January an outdoor concert with Bruno Mars, the 15-time Grammy Awards-winner. We had also presented with world-renowned musician Tan Dun his symphonic masterpiece Buddha Passion at the MGM Theater at MGM COTAI. As a supporter of cultural tourism, MGM has showcased an exhibition with renowned Chinese contemporary artist Ren Zhe in his first-ever solo Macau show, MGM X Ren Zhe – 'Legends of Chivalry' Art Exhibition, featuring art pieces of classic characters from Jin Yong's martial arts novels.
Joining the Macao Government's initiative to expand international market reach, the Group hosted in June its first large-scale overseas promotional campaign in Bangkok, Thailand and participated in the Experience Macao roadshow in Bangkok organized by the Macao Government Tourism Office, to attract more visitors from Southeast Asia.
Kenneth Feng, President and Executive Director of MGM China said: "We are delighted to see our continuous growth and outperformance driven by our deep understanding and customers and our ability to adapt swiftly to their preferences.
"We are committed to bringing more unique and integrated experiences to our customers, to align our offerings with the Macau Government's vision to develop the city into a global and diversified tourist destination," said Kenneth Feng. 
About MGM China Holdings Limited
MGM China Holdings Limited (HKEx: 2282) is a leading developer, owner and operator of gaming and lodging resorts in the Greater China region. We are the holding company of MGM Grand Paradise, SA which holds one of the six gaming concessions to run casino games in Macau. MGM Grand Paradise, SA owns and operates MGM MACAU, the award-winning premium integrated resort located on the Macau Peninsula and MGM COTAI, a contemporary luxury integrated resort in Cotai, which opened in early 2018 and more than doubles our presence in Macau. 
MGM China is majority owned by MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM) one of the world's leading global hospitality companies, operating a portfolio of destination resort brands including Bellagio, ARIA, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay and Park MGM. For more information about MGM Resorts International, visit the Company's website at www.mgmresorts.com.
SOURCE MGM China
MGM China Holdings Limited ("MGM China" or the "Company"; SEHK Stock Code: 2282) today announced the selected unaudited financial data of the Company ...
MGM China Holdings Limited ("MGM China" or the "Company"; SEHK Stock Code: 2282) today announced the selected unaudited financial data of the Company ...
Gambling & Casinos
Travel
Banking & Financial Services
Entertainment
Do not sell or share my personal information: