Morgan Wallen, Taylor Swift, Olivia RodrigoAP Photo/Mark Humphrey/Lewis Joly/Chris Pizzello, Canva
Trying to find affordable concert tickets to your favorite music artists’ tours has become an impossible balance of skill and luck. 
Every time the biggest names in the music industry announce a new tour, the universal fan experience begins with hope and excitement, only to be replaced with shock and despair when faced with outrageous ticket prices.
Of course, that’s only if you’re lucky enough to add to cart and check out in time before tickets sell out within a few hours.
With a finite capacity at every venue, most fans find themselves in the latter situation, turning to ticket resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, only to be met with climbing prices the closer you get to the stage.
According to The Los Angeles Times, there are five major influences when it comes to ticket prices: the size of the artist, the promoters who organize the shows, the venues that charge to host them, the ticketing companies that add fees and the resellers, where the value is unlimited and agreed upon between sellers and buyers.
The critical discourse around ticket prices reemerges every time an in-demand artist announces a tour. Still, the system in place remains, so what’s a fan to do?
As a music lover on a budget who’s not willing to spend a couple of months’ rent on a single concert ticket, I’ve compiled the top 11 most expensive, in-demand music artists on tour right now according to average ticket prices and found the cheapest tickets available for every artist.
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Pop icon Pink’s 2024 “Summer Carnival Tour” began on June 11 in Cardiff, Wales and will include a debut stop in Syracuse, NY on October 6 before concluding on November 23 in Miami, FL. The “So What” singer will be joined by special guests The Script, Gayle, KidCutUp and Sheryl Crow for select dates.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Pink concert is $598.
However, the cheapest tickets available are much more reasonable, with top deck seating starting at $20 on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Pink’s tour dates is available here.
After coming out of retirement for a renowned Las Vegas residency in 2009, Garth Brooks is back in Sin City for a second nearly sold-out residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Brooks concert is $667.
The cheapest tickets start at $128 for the October 12 concert. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Brooks’ tour dates is available here.
Eight-time Grammy Award-winning country music superstar Chris Stapleton’s “All-American Road Show Tour” is an ongoing, must-see tour that began on May 5, 2017, in Alpharetta, GA and is scheduled to end on March 8, 2025 in Auckland, NZ. Openers include a rotating list of special guests, including Marcus King, Nikki Lane, Grace Potter and more.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Stapleton concert is $697.
The cheapest tickets start at $30 in Houston, TX. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, including nearby concert at the Darien Lake Amphitheater on July 11.
A complete list of Stapleton’s tour dates is available here.
‘90s rock band Pearl Jam began their 2024 “Dark Matter” tour on May 4 in Vancouver, BC and it’s scheduled to end on November 21 in Sydney, AUS. The tour is in support of their 12th studio album of the same name, which was released on April 19.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Pearl Jam concert is $714.
The cheapest tickets start at $106 in Missoula, MT. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Pearl Jam’s tour dates is available here.
Breakout pop-folk singer-songwriter Noah Kahan followed up his sold-out 2022-2023 “Stick Season Tour” with the ongoing, sold-out 2024 “We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour.” The “Stick Season” singer will wrap up the tour on July 18 and 19 with two back-to-back shows at Boston’s Fenway Park.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Kahan concert is $768.
The cheapest lawn tickets start at $113 in Wheatland, CA. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Kahan’s tour dates is available here.
Billy Joel began his Madison Square Garden (MSG) residency in January 2014 and celebrated his 100th concert in July 2018. According to the final show’s announcement, Joel has sold more than 1.6 million tickets throughout his record-breaking run. The “Piano Man” singer’s historic, decades-long residency will conclude with his sold-out 150th concert on Thursday, July 25.
Between his final residency shows, Joel has been performing in select stadiums across the U.S. with Stevie Nicks, Sting and Rod Stewart.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Joel concert is $788.
The cheapest tickets start at $46 in San Antonio, TX. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Joel’s tour dates is available here.
Country music superstar Morgan Wallen kicked off his 2024 “One Night At A Time Tour” on April 4 in Indianapolis, IN, and has performed across the country in cities like Hershey, PA, Philadelphia, PA, East Rutherford, NJ and more. The tour is scheduled to end on August 9 in Las Vegas, NV. 
The “Last Night“ singer will be joined by a stacked list of openers for select tour dates, including Ernest, Ella Langley, Bryan Martin, Jelly Roll, Jon Pardi, Nate Smith, Lauren Watkins and Bailey Zimmerman.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Wallen concert is $770.
The cheapest tickets start at $99 in Kansas City, MO. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Wallen’s tour dates is available here.
In 2016, Bruno Mars began his Las Vegas residency at the Park MGM. According to a 2024 report by Billboard, Mars has grossed $114.3 million from 384,000 tickets sold, the highest-grossing residency in the MGM franchise.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Bruno Mars concert is $902.
The cheapest tickets start at $238 for the August 27 concert. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Bruno Mars’ tour dates is available here.
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame legends the Eagles are renowned as one of the world’s greatest and best-selling bands. After announcing their final tour, “The Long Goodbye,” in 2023, the Eagles added a Las Vegas residency at The Sphere as the ultimate farewell.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for an Eagles concert is $1,333.
The cheapest tickets start at $229 for the November 1 concert. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Eagles’ Las Vegas residency dates is available here.
Olivia Rodrigo is the hottest name in pop music at the moment, so it only makes sense that her sold-out “GUTS: World Tour” is the second most expensive ongoing tour.
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Rodrigo concert is $2,523.
The cheapest tickets start at $258 in Seattle, WA. More budget-friendly ticket prices can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Rodrigo’s tour dates is available here.
Number one should come as no surprise to anyone. Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour,” which began in March last year and will run until December 8, is responsible for boosting the U.S. economy by generating $5 billion in consumer spending within the first six months, according to Nomura. So, how expensive are Swift tickets exactly?
According to Ticketsmarter, the average ticket price for a Swift concert is $4,197.
The cheapest tickets start at $1,158 in Vancouver, BC. More budget-friendly ticket prices (or as budget-friendly as one can get) can be found on resale sites like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A complete list of Swift’s tour dates is available here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices