Strictly Come Dancing fans claim to have spotted a 'new contest' in the ballroom between Vito Coppola and one of the show's axed stars.
The Italian dancer was back in the ballroom on Saturday night (November 2) alongside none other than the legend that is Madonna. Well, it was his celebrity dance partner Sarah Hadland dressed as the singer as she channelled the Queen of Pop for the first-ever 'Icons Week'.
The new themed week saw the remaining 10 couples take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band - with the likes of Whitney Houston, George Michael and Bruno Mars all chosen.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing spoiler leak branded 'truly shocking' as fans blast 'terrible' bottom-two
For Sarah, she was seen getting excited to perform as the icon that is Madonna, with her and Vito dancing a Cha Cha Cha to the singer's 1989 track, Like a Prayer, during week seven of Strictly's 2024 series. Motsi Mabuse was quick to praise Sarah and Vito for their 'iconic' performance while Shirley Ballas pointed out some 'gorgeous' details before saying the performance needed "fluidity and flexibility".
Anton Du Beke told them that he was "speechless". He added: "I’m blown away, it was so brilliant, love your legs, best dance tonight," before Craig Revel Horwood concluded that the "cape went better with you than Madonna," before saying Vito had worked Sarah hard to achieve their "powerhouse performance" which saw them bag 37 out of 40 points, including a 10 from Anton.
But it was Vito who caused quite the distraction thanks to the Italian dancer's outfit consisting of tight leather trousers and hip-baring mesh bodysuit.
Fans were quick to point out it wasn't the first time this series that the leather trousers making an appearance with Gorka Marquez getting fans talking earlier in the series before his exit with Dr Punam Krishnan last weekend.
And it left those watching asking who wore them better. @JMACL1673 asked: "Who won the pleather trousers contest, Gorka or Vito? #Strictly." @9VicMan said: "So Gorka has leant Vito his outfit. #strictly." @CoHesl commented: "Nice of Gorka to give Vito a loan of his pants #Strictly." @thequalmpeddler joked: "FAO Vito: Gorka called. He wants his shiny trousers back. #strictly." @Laurahallissey added: "I’m glad to see Gorka’s trousers are still being put to good use #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.