Dead & Company will wrap up their Las Vegas residency on Aug. 10.
It seems like Dead & Company are heading back to the live stage.
After wrapping up their farewell tour in 2023, the band decided to perform live together once again at The Sphere in Las Vegas just a year later.
Dead & Company began their Las Vegas residency on May 16 and they are set to wrap up on Aug. 10.
The six added shows to Dead & Company’s Las Vegas residency will take place on Aug. 1, 2, 3, 8, 9 and 10.
The band promises fans “never-before-seen visual storytelling” and a unique setlist for each weekend’s three performances.
Currently, tickets are available to the public to purchase on sites, such as Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity, SeatGeek and Ticketmaster.
If you are struggling to secure tickets in the right price point or your preferred seating section on StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can knock $20 off ticket orders over $200 with promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can find a complete calendar of their Las Vegas residency show dates here.
Dead & Company are not the only artists with a Las Vegas residency this year.
Here is a list of upcoming tours that you won’t want to miss: Bruno Mars, Adele, Shania Twain and Garth Brooks.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices