On Aug. 16, 2024, Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga released their new throwback single “Die With A Smile.”
Music Talkers called the track “a soulful masterpiece,” Clash claimed “their voices blend to profound effect” and Entertainment Weekly dubbed the tune “a spiritual sequel to ‘Shallow.'”
And, according to Set List FM, Mars is already working the soaring duet into his concerts.
If you want to hear the brand-new jam live — along with all of Mars’ other major hits like “Uptown Funk,” “Locked Out Of Heaven,” “24K Magic” and countless others — tickets are available for all ten of Mars’ remaining Las Vegas residency gigs at Dolby Live at Park MGM.
You will need to be a bit of a high roller to afford them, though.
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on seats was $178 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Other shows start anywhere from $215 to $386 before fees.
That being said, the top dollar price is likely worth every penny because the 15-time Grammy winner puts on such an entertaining show.
“The energy and excitement in the arena were electrifying,” Ebony raved about a recent Sin City concert. “Mars and his band put on a very high-energy performance for the sold-out crowd.”
Want to go?
You’re in the right place, Hooligans.
For more information, our team has everything you need to know and more about Bruno Mars’ Las Vegas residency below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all residency dates, start times and links to buy tickets can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Mars’ Silk Sonic bandmate Anderson .Paak is striking out on a tour of his own this year. He’ll perform his 2016 album “The Malibu” in its entirety at all shows.
If you want to see him live, Anderson .Paak’s complete tour schedule can be found here.
While we can’t confirm what Mars will play at the show of your choosing, here’s what he brought to the Intuit Dome stage on Aug. 16, courtesy of Set List FM:
01.) “24K Magic”02.) “Finesse”03.) “Treasure”04.) “Billionaire”05.) “Perm”06.) “That’s What I Like / Please Me”07.) “Versace on the Floor”08.) “It Will Rain”09.) “Marry You”10.) “Runaway Baby”11.) “F— You / Young, Wild and Free / Grenade / Talking to the Moon / Nothin’ on You”12.) “Leave the Door Open” (Silk Sonic song)13.) “When I Was Your Man”14.) “Locked Out of Heaven”15.) “Just the Way You Are”
Encore
16.) “Die With a Smile”17.) “Uptown Funk”
As you may have noticed above, Mars and Lady Gaga dropped the single “Die With A Smile” on Aug. 16.
The impassioned duet is Mars’ first new release since 2021’s “An Evening With Silk Sonic.”
In the off chance you haven’t listened yet, you can give “Die With A Smile” a spin here.
For those unable to make it to Las Vegas these next couple months, there’s no need to freak.
Many of the biggest names in music are on the road all year long.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Childish Gambino
• Usher
• Justin Timberlake
• Rex Orange County
• Shawn Mendes
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change