By
Erinn Callahan
Sofronio Vasquez established himself as a frontrunner early on in season 26 of The Voice. The 32-year-old Philippines native nailed an instant four-chair turn with a soulful Blind Audition cover of Mary J. Blige’s “I’m Goin’ Down.” Having his pick of coaches, Vasquez went with rookie Michael Bublé. Under the “Feeling Good” crooner’s guidance, the former dental student walked away with the record deal and $100,000 prize, beating out fellow Team Bublé member Shye. However, Vasquez recently revealed that his journey on The Voice nearly looked very different.
Many music critics credit Michael Bublé with “making the Great American Songbook cool again.” Since breaking through in 2003 with his self-titled third studio album, the Canadian jazz-pop singer has racked up four No. 1 albums and sold more than 75 million records. It’s easy to see how that resume could overwhelm an artist trying to break into the music industry. Especially for Sofronio Vasquez, who had long been performing Bublé’s songs for events and competitions back in the Philippines.
“I was thinking, ‘What if I pick him and I cannot express myself because I’m always intimidated?’” Vasquez told Parade. “I felt like that wouldn’t work.”
As the “Home” singer began pitching ideas, however, Vasquez recognized him as “very Filipino.”
“He has so much Filipino, they call them ‘very Pinoy,’” The Voice season 26 winner said. “It was a very heart-to-heart talk and he’s very emotional. That was the deciding factor. That was my perfect moment with him, and it worked out very well.”
[RELATED: Watch ‘The Voice’ Winners Asher HaVon and Huntley Share Special Moment With Season 26 Champ Sofronio Vasquez]
Sofronio Vasquez is still basking in his life-changing victory on The Voice. However, he knows that celebration has an end date. When he does get back to work, it will be with coach Michael Bublé still by his side.
“He told me… ‘You’re going to be working your a– off, and I’m going to be with you,’” Vasquez recently told American Songwriter. “That’s an assurance.”
Bublé shared some of his plans for Vasquez with NBC, saying, “I think he’s a soul singer honestly.”
“When you go look at somebody like Bruno Mars, or Adele, they are people that sing pop music, but it has that edge of a little gospel, a little soul,” the five-time Grammy Award winner said. “I think that’s a really exciting thing for a young guy like this to start finding. And by the way, I’m still finding myself. And it’s such a cool way to grow as an artist.”
Featured image by Trae Patton/NBC
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Love Ann Live: Heart’s Ann Wilson and Her Solo Band Tripsitter Releasing 2023 Concert on Blu-ray, Digital Video
3 Iconic Country Albums Not Recorded in Nashville
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand