By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

Lady Gaga announced that she will be dropping the first single from her forthcoming seventh studio album in October. 

	Gaga who arrived in Venice over the weekend ahead of the premiere of “Joker :Folie et Deux” teased the news in a new Instagram post. She posted a photo of her Venice schedule for the week. For October, Gaga marked “XX October: LG7 first single,” which likely means the album is due late this year or early 2025.  





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					Jimmy Kimmel: Liberals 'Viciously Attacking Comedians' and Policing What's Funny Is a 'Big Reason Trump Is President Right Now'		
			







A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)

	The new song follows her recent surprise single with Bruno Mars, “Die With a Smile.” 

	










			Popular on Variety		






	While little information about her new album has emerged, Gaga has been hard at work for the album for several months, having teased numerous posts of her in the studio. 

	A rep tells Variety that “Die With a Smile” will not be included on the new album, but Gaga said in the press materials that accompanied the song: “I was finishing up my own album in Malibu and one night after a long day he asked me to come to his studio to hear something he was working on. It was around midnight when I got there and I was blown away when I heard what he had started making. We stayed up all night and finished writing and recording the song.” 

	It seems likely that Grammy-winning songwriter-producer Andrew Watt — who came up as a pop producer but has leaned heavily into rock, producing the Rolling Stones’ “Hackney Diamonds” last year as well as projects with Elton John, Ozzy Osbourne and others — is involved as well: He also posted on social media about the Gaga/Bruno song on Thursday. Also, a photo circulated last fall of her in the studio with longtime collaborator Bloodpop and vocal producer/engineer Benjamin Rice. 

	At the premiere for the “Chromatica Ball Film,” Gaga said, “I have written so many songs and I have produced so many songs.” She added, “It’s nothing like anything that I’ve ever made before.” Gaga hinted she liked to break genre and enjoyed exploring music.  “There’s something really beautiful about knowing that you will be loved no matter what you do.”
The Business of Entertainment