The Beatles have a new entry in the British charts. Though the band split up in 1970, their enduring popularity and the production of new remastered versions of their hit albums mean they have remained in and around the charts in the years since.
1962's 'Love Me Do' was their first single to chart in the UK - peaking at 12 that October. The following April, 'From Me to You' scored the band their first number one and it stayed on top of the charts for seven weeks.
All in all, The Beatles have had 18 number one singles in the UK - the most recent of which was last year's 'Now and Then', which featured cleaned-up John Lennon vocals from the 1970s alongside new recordings from Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr.
The chart success of 'Now and Then' - released as the last ever Beatles song - meant that the band set a new record for the longest gap between an act's first and last number one. There were 60 years and six months between the April 1963 release of 'From Me to You' and the November 2023 release of 'Now and Then'.
The band has a new entry in this week's charts. The band's single 'From Us to You - 1 December 1963' has hit 91 in this week's official physical singles charts.
Compiled by the Official Charts Company, the physical single charts count sales of CDs, vinyl and other physical formats. This week's chart counts sales from November 1 to November 7 and the Rose & Bruno Mars track 'Apt' is a new entry at number one.
The Beatles' 'From Us to You #1 - December 1963' was released as a new vinyl at the start of this month. It is more of an EP than a single, featuring five tracks that were recorded as part of BBC specials in December 1963.
'Now and Then' remains in the physical singles charts at 45, having spent just over a year in the charts. The Beatles' 'From Us to You #2 - March 1964' also remains in the charts, having spent 12 weeks there, and is found just below the band's new entry at number 92.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.