By JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:46, 21 February 2024   |  Updated:  11:09, 21 February 2024   
 92
View  comments
Miley Cyrus fans were left stunned on Wednesday after her Grammy winning Flowers was pulled apart for its lyrical and compositional similarity to previously released tracks by other artists. 
The American singer received mainstream music's highest accolade in February after the song was named Record of The Year and Cyrus Best Pop Solo Performance at the 66th annual Grammy Awards. 
Written by Cyrus with collaborators Gregory Hein and Michael Pollack, the break-up song is widely believed to be inspired by her separation and subsequent divorce  from ex-husband Liam Hemsworth. 
But one canny Instagram user has highlighted its striking lyrical similarity to Bruno Mars hit When I Was Your Man, released 12-years before Flowers, in 2012.   
The chorus in particular appears to paraphrase Mars, who bemoans an apparent failure to buy his former lover flowers, hold her hand in public or even dance with her. 
Miley Cyrus fans were left stunned on Wednesday after her Grammy winning single Flowers was pulled apart for its lyrical and compositional similarity to previously released tracks
The American singer received mainstream music's highest accolade in January after the song was named Record of The Year and Cyrus Best Pop Solo Performance at the Grammy Awards
Conversely Cyrus echoes similar sentiments, albeit from the viewpoint of an empowered single woman who can 'buy her own flowers' and 'hold her own hand.' 
Instagram user Jarred Jermaine also drew attention to the song's structure by highlighting the string arrangement and its striking similarity to Gloria Gaynor's 1978 disco classic I Will Survive, and the more contemporary 2023 single After Like, by South Korean girl group Ive. 
Jermaine's comparisons also extend to Cyrus herself, whose thick Tennessee drawl is uncannily twinned with the robotic twang of a Battle Droid from George Lucas blockbuster Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace. 
Commenting on the post, one follower wrote: 'So do these other artists get partial writing credit for her grammy??' 
While a second theorised: 'It basically sampled that song because Mileys song is especially a diss track to her ex husband Liam Hemsworth, whereby apparently Mars’ song was “their” song romantically.' 
Elsewhere a third joked: 'She copied 2 songs, responded to a song 11 years after it released, mimicked a B-1 Battle Droid, and thought she could get away with it.'
A fourth added: 'I felt this the moment I heard her song. I'm not sure how Bruno Mars feels about this. 
'Because the reality is that she wouldn’t even be getting a Grammy if she didn’t make a song directly responding to “When I Was Your Man."' 
A post shared by jarred jermaine (@itsjmaine)
Instagram user Jarred Jermaine also highlighted the string arrangement and its similarity to Gloria Gaynor's 1978 disco classic I Will Survive and South Korean girl group Ive's After Like
Cyrus beat Taylor Swift to win her first ever Grammy awards for Flowers in February, accepting her first honour - Best Pop Solo Performance - from presenter Mariah Carey at Los Angeles venue Crypto.com Arena. 
'This MC is going to stand next to this MC because this is just too iconic,' she said after collecting the award. 
Cyrus then humorously admitted she was more worried she'd miss meeting Mariah than collecting a Grammy Award when she got delayed on the way to the ceremony.
'Oh my God, I just got stuck in the rain and traffic, and thought I was going to miss this moment!'
'I could have missed the award, that's fine, but not Mariah Carey. I just saw you at the Hollywood Bowl and it was everything,' she added, quickly glancing back at the fellow music artist.
Cyrus beat Taylor Swift to win her first ever Grammy awards for Flowers in February, accepting her first honour - Best Pop Solo Performance - from presenter Mariah Carey 
Cyrus - who was nominated for the prize alongside Billie Eilish (What Was I Made For?), Doja Cat (Paint the Town Red), Olivia Rodrigo (Vampire) and Taylor Swift (Anti-Hero) - went on to compare Flowers to catching a butterfly.
She explained, 'I got sat in my lucky number three seat, and so there's a story I'm going to tell which sums up this moment and I wasn't going to tell it...but now Mariah's here.'
'So, there was a little boy that all he wanted for his birthday was a butterfly and his parents gave him a butterfly net. He was so excited and went out in the sun and started swinging and swinging but with no luck.
'He sat down on the ground and finally let go and surrendered and he was okay that he wasn't going to capture this beautiful butterfly. And right when he did, this butterfly flew down and landed right on his nose.'
'This song Flowers is my butterfly, thank you' 
The hit track dropped last year in January 2023 and the singer seemingly alluded to her past relationship with ex-husband, Liam Hemsworth (pictured)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group