Following the massive success of his GRAMMY-award-nominated second studio album, Malibu, and the overwhelming excitement about his Hollywood Bowl show, singer-songwriter Anderson .Paak announced that he would be going on the Malibu Tour and playing the Malibu album in its entirety. He has been a popular artist for many years, working with famous artists like Dr. Dre and Bruno Mars, and he is someone that I needed to see. 
In true Anderson .Paak fashion he begins the show with a slow walk up on the stage. His band got ready before him, and when they were prepared, he began to perform. It fit his very performative style, building anticipation in a unique way. He started the show with "The Bird," a very smooth, mellow, upbeat song that started the show perfectly. Standing in the middle stage, he sang and danced, twirling his mic around for the first song. In the second song, he shifted to his drum set and went crazy on the kit. When I say his drumming skills were at the next level, I really mean it. Seeing him practically never miss a beat, sing simultaneously, and dance in his seat was incredible. He had some of the best drumming I've ever seen, and maintaining an astonishing composure while holding out a smile is such a feat.  
The crowd for this one was definitely a bit older. However, there were practically people of all ages there. This being a replaying of one of his older albums, it definitely made sense that the crowd was filled with millennials and older. When bands perform some of their songs live, their recorded version can sometimes sound different, but his voice perfectly matches the recordings. Every inflection, pitch change, and vocal sounded exactly like what I would hear off my phone, and you could tell that the microphone was ON. His voice control was magnificent; every time I thought he would take a break, he didn't need to, and his lyrics' pronunciation was always spot on. 
The set design of this show was somewhat plain, but it definitely highlighted the goals he was aiming for. A pov-style camera was mounted above his drum kid, which would cut to him whenever he was drumming. That being said, this was either done on purpose or not. I'm not sure, but whenever his drumming would get super intense, the camera would shake to show just how intense he got into his performance. I loved this and am so glad they did it this way because it added to how much energy he gave in this performance, and I thought that was just so cool. 
More and more artists are starting to do this, but halfway through the show, he got off stage to walk around the crowd and the pit and get close to his fans. I love it when artists do this, mainly because it is always so cool if you're at a part of the venue where you'd never get the chance to see the artist up close and personal. He went through almost every part of the venue while performing, which was a nice touch. Shortly after this, he changed into a red version of his exact outfit, which had the same designs, embellishments, everything. It was super stylish, and he was super proud to be performing in it. Near the end of the show, he ended up playing "Bubblin," which was one of my favorite songs by him, and his energy made it an unforgettable memory for me.
This show was just incredible, from the set design to the band to Anderson. Paak's energy made the entire show top-tier and definitely worth watching. He still has a few shows left on his tour, so make sure to check him out!
Showers this evening, becoming a steady rain overnight. Low 47F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch..
                                
Showers this evening, becoming a steady rain overnight. Low 47F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 5:44 pm

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week

Please donate today


                            The NUVO Cultural Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.

Thank you. Your purchase was successful.
A receipt was sent to your email.