By OWEN TONKS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:05, 20 January 2024   |  Updated:  22:19, 20 January 2024   
 60
View  comments
Julia Sawalha was unveiled as Bubble Tea during Saturday's episode of The Masked Singer UK.
The moment left guest panellist Jennifer Saunders - who was standing in for Rita Ora - stunned as she had no idea Julia was behind the mask.
Actress Julia, played Saffron 'Saffy' Monsoon in Absolutely Fabulous from 1992 to 2012, with the sitcom being created by Jennifer, 65, who played her mother Edina 'Eddie' Monsoon.
After going up against Owl, Bubble Tea was chosen to be unmasked and, after revealing her identity, Julia shouted: 'Mummy!' at a shocked-looking Jenifer.
Jennifer shouted: 'Darling, what are you doing here?!'
Actress Julia Sawalha was unveiled as Bubble Tea during Saturday's episode of The Masked Singer UK
Actress Julia, played Saffron 'Saffy' Monsoon in Absolutely Fabulous from 1992 to 2012, with the sitcom being created by Jennifer, 65, who played her mother Edina 'Eddie' Monsoon
The moment left guest panellist Jennifer stunned as she had no idea Julia was behind the mask this weekend
Julia told host Joel Dommett of her time on the show: 'I've loved it. My friend earlier this year said, "You don't sing enough Julia".
'And then this came up and I thought, "I really need to do something I'm absolutely terrified of".'
Asked how it was to see her 'mother' again, she added: 'Just beautiful... really special.'
However, the moment left some viewers of the show suspicious, with many taking to social media to insist the result had been fixed as Jennifer was temporarily on the show as a panellist while stepping in for regular Rita.
One person wrote on Twitter: 'What a fix! Bubble Tea/Julia Sawalha had to be unmasked because of the AbFab connection with Jennifer Saunders. Makes for a better reveal!'
While someone else posted: 'Clearly another fixed result so bubble tea was revealed when Jennifer Saunders was on.'
'That seems like such a fix. Producers getting Jennifer Saunders on and then saying they have to vote out Julia Sawalha. Not one to do this but I’m definitely calling it,' shared someone else. 
Another show fan asked: 'So I guess this is why Bubble Tea was unmasked cause Jennifer Saunders was on the panel?'
Bubble Tea was chosen to be unmasked and, after revealing her identity, Julia shouted: 'Mummy!' at a shocked-looking Jenifer. Jennifer shouted: 'Darling, what are you doing here?!'
Julia (left) and Jennifer (right) both starred in Absolutely Fabulous with their characters being mother and daughter (pictured in series four in 2001)
Many viewers took to social media to insist the result had been fixed as Jennifer was temporarily on the show as a panellist while stepping in for regular Rita Ora
While someone else remarked: 'That was such a fix so they could unmask Julia in front of Jennifer cause owl was deffo worse than her!' 
Someone else posted: 'Bubble tea was the perfect person to be unmasked tonight considering the guest judge!'
'#MaskedSingerUK even having watched the reveal I still can't believe who Bubble Tea is!!!', wrote another audience member at home. 
And someone else commented: 'Genius to have #BubbleTea unmasked this week!'
This week, the show was kickstarted by Piranha, who sang Treasure by Bruno Mars.
They were followed by Eiffel Tower, who performed Angels by Robbie Williams, and panellist Davina McCall guessed they could be Sex And The City's Sarah Jessica Parker, while Jonathan Ross said it could be Alison Moyet.
Owl sang Don't Stop Movin' by S Club 7 and Mo Gilligan thought that she could be Waterloo Road star Kym Marsh, while Saunders guessed former footballer Alex Scott.
Air Fryer sang The Final Countdown by Europe and Ross said it could be Australian actor Russell Crowe.
The Masked Singer UK 's Rat was revealed as Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas during last Saturday's episode of the singing contest
After the show, Shirley said: 'I thought the guesses from the panel were actually rather spectacular. They compared me to actors and singers, all sorts, and never got any of the clues!'
Referring to panellist Jonathan Ross, Shirley continued: 'I was very surprised about Jonathan. I mean, Jonathan’s a friend of mine'
Dance champion Shirley had given several clues to her real identity during her time on the series but left the panellists, including good friend Jonathan Ross (pictured), stumped
Following the sing-off, the panellists decided to save Owl - meaning Bubble Tea was unmasked.
It comes after Rat was revealed as Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas during last Saturday's episode of the singing contest.
Talking about the panel’s guesses Shirley told host Joel Dommett: 'I was very flattered actually because I just don’t sing at all and some of the people that you were saying, was like wow!
'It was one of the best times of my life. It was way out of my comfort zone and I totally loved it.'
Referring to panellist Jonathan Ross, Shirley continued: 'I was very surprised about Jonathan. I mean, Jonathan’s a friend of mine. I’ve been on his shows and we’ve talked about Kilimanjaro, some of those clues he should have known and he didn’t get it!
'They were so off, they called me some amazing singers and actors! I’ll take that!'
Dance champion Shirley had given several clues to her real identity during her time on the series.
Alexander Armstrong admitted he was delighted to go on prime time television 'dressed as a cock' while appearing on The Masked Singer UK earlier this month (pictured)
It comes after Dionne Warwick became the first character to be unmasked during the first week of the series (pictured last month)
She noted she had 'crossed paths with danger' after climbing Mount Kilimanjaro for Comic Relief in 2019, whilst the costume's tattoos were a nod to the body art she has inked across her behind.
She said: 'I've got tattoos all over my backside and then I tattooed my boyfriend's name on it - I'm not sure that one was a good idea. Bruno [Tonioli] used to make me show him them!'
Shirley's exit came after Pointless host Alexander Armstrong was unmasked as Chicken Caesar in week two, whilst singer Dionne Warwick was unmasked as Weather in the first episode of the new series.
The Masked Singer UK airs on Saturdays at 7pm on ITV1, ITVX & STV.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group