Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden fought back tears as her celebrity partner JB Gill got his first tens of the series on Saturday night.
Professional dancer Lauren Oakley, who currently does not have a celebrity pairing on this year's series of the BBC One dance competition, has stepped in to dance with JLS star JB, 37, after his partner Amy, 34, fell ill during filming last weekend.
Amy is said to be "doing much better" after a health scare forced her to miss Sunday's results programme after being taken to hospital and she has skipped this week of the competition - although she was in the studio on Saturday night in support of her celebrity partner and co-star Lauren.
During Saturday's episode, which was icons themed in a BBC One show first, the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners performed a routine accompanied by a track from a legendary singer. For the icons week, JB and Lauren, 33, performed a couple's choice to a medley of Bruno Mars.
After the routine, Amy fought back tears especially as JB got his first tens of the series, securing an impressive 39 points. Amy said: "I am so grateful to you Lauren", adding: "I wish I was there with you, you were amazing!"
Taking to Twitter, now X, viewers were quick to support Amy as one person said: "I adore Amy she deserves the world and more #strictly", another wrote: "Seeing Amy cry has made me cry lol. She should've been on that dance floor. #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly" while a different account added: "Aww Amy #Strictly" with heart emojis.
Prior to the performance, Amy wished JB and his stand-in dance partner Lauren the "absolute best of luck" ahead of Saturday’s live show.
In a post on Instagram, Amy said: "Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight. I’m going to be your biggest cheerleader. @jbgill it says everything how you’ve been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me. I’m so lucky. You’re a star.
"I know what tonight means to you. Thank you. @laurenmayoakley thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you. You know I’ve always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool Tower at eight years old to tell you. Thank you darling.
"@lizzie.gough you for choreographing such a brilliant routine! Love it. Thank you. Also a big thank you for all the love and support I’ve received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped. Now tune into the first ever Icons week on Strictly."
On Monday, a Strictly spokesperson said: "Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well.
"She is delighted that fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday's show for JB Gill's couple's choice dance. We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week."
This year the dancer returned to competing on the show after undergoing treatment for stage three breast cancer, including having a mastectomy and chemotherapy. In February, Amy revealed that tests showed she has "no evidence of disease".
Strictly Come Dancing continues this Saturday on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.