As with every award show, a big part of the fun of following the Grammys is keeping track of potential records to be broken every year by artists who could enter their names in the music history books. Let’s consider four artists looking to make history when nominations are announced.
A Grammy cycle isn’t complete without Billie Eilish breaking some type of record. This year she is eyeing wins (yet again) in the general and pop fields. If she claims another Record of the Year award, she’ll become the first woman to win it three times, and only the third performer of any gender to do so, after Paul Simon and Bruno Mars. She previously won the category with her hits “Bad Guy” and “Everything I Wanted.” A victory for Song of the Year would be even more significant. It would make her and her brother Finneas the first ever to win the award three times, breaking a tie with fellow Grammy darlings like Adele and U2. The sibling duo has previously taken home the prize for “Bad Guy” and, just a few months ago, “What Was I Made For?”
Eilish’s records might not stop with her songs. If her album "Hit Me Hard and Soft" manages to win her a second Album of the Year trophy (following her victory for "When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?"), she’d be only the third woman to achieve multiple AOTYs, after Adele and Taylor Swift. In addition, she'd have multiple wins in each of the main three categories (Album, Record, and Song of the Year), a feat only achieved by U2, Adele, and Bruno Mars. In the pop field, Eilish could win a second Best Pop Vocal Album award, which would tie Adele, Kelly Clarkson, and Taylor Swift for the most in that category.
Beyoncé is the queen of Grammy records, being the most awarded person ever at the awards show. This year she has the potential to break a very special record. Throughout her career she's been nominated in nine different fields, including pop, R&B and rock. Now she might add two more: country and Americana. Her latest release, "Cowboy Carter," plays with those genres with “Texas Hold ‘Em” topping the country charts and “16 Carriages” feeling more like an Americana ballad. If she is recognized in both areas, she’ll become the woman nominated in the most different fields, surpassing Janet Jackson, and she’ll tie Bob Dylan for the third most diverse nominations, behind only Quincy Jones and Paul McCartney.
First and foremost, the Grammys should be about talent and craft, not popularity. So when Jacob Collier’s "Djesse Vol. 3" received an Album of the Year nom in 2021, while many were left scratching their heads, others who were familiar with the respected multi-instrumentalist and vocalist knew that the nomination made perfect sense. "Djesse Vol. 3" didn’t chart on the Billboard 200, and neither did its successor, "Djesse Vol. 4." So if Collier’s new set gets into AOTY, it’ll make him the first artist to earn nominations for multiple albums that haven’t charted. As such, it will serve as a testament to the Grammys not focusing on the wrong things, and show that Collier’s popularity with his peers is so strong that he doesn't need to be commercial to get their blessing.
Swift made history with her Album of the Year win for "Midnights" a few months ago, becoming the first artist ever to win the category four times. This year Swift is a likely nominee again for "The Tortured Poets Department." If she gets in (which, let’s be clear, she will), she’ll become the most nominated woman ever in the category, surpassing Barbra Streisand with a seventh nomination. Furthermore, if Swift were to win, she’d extend her record for the most wins by a performer, and she’d be the first female artist -- and only the third artist overall -- to win the category in consecutive years as a lead artist. The only two who have done so are Stevie Wonder ("Innervisions" and "Fulfillingness' First Finale," 1974-1975) and Frank Sinatra ("September of My Years" and "A Man and His Music," 1966-1967).
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media