The next generation of New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival fans didn’t necessarily show up in force for Anderson .Paak & the Free Nationals on Sunday. But they should have.
At 38, Paak is this year’s youngest headliner at the main Festival Stage. The singer, drummer and composer and his R&B/funk band were super-tight and super-funky. Think Earth Wind & Fire crossed with Parliament-Funkadelic and an ‘80s R&B band, doused with a contemporary hip-hop sensibility.
But the main stage crowd was by far the smallest of the 2024 Jazz Fest’s first weekend. It was one of the most modest in recent history.
A relatively modest crowd watches Anderson .Paak & the Free Nationals perform at the main Festival Stage during the 2024 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival on Sunday, April 28, 2024.
For a festival that generally slots acts where they make the most sense, Sunday’s closing roster for the three biggest stages was...unusual. That Paak was on at the same time as hometown favorite Juvenile – who played to a huge crowd at the Congo Square Stage – meant the two acts likely cannibalized some of each other's audience.
Meanwhile, classic rockers Heart played to an enormous throng at the Gentilly Stage. Given the size of their audience, they could have closed the main stage.
The good news: from what I saw of all three, each delivered.
Free Nationals trumpeter Maurice Brown, a Chicago native who spent some of his musical formative years in New Orleans, announced the band with a long trumpet fanfare as he strolled along the audience barricades.
Paak, in a fest-worthy bucket hat, charged onstage and took his place behind the drums, beaming, as they lit into “Heart Don’t Stand a Chance.” Paak moved up front for a version of “Come Down” that hit hard, then returned to the drums for the deep groove of “King James.”
The R&B duo GAWD, serving as the Free Nationals’ backing vocalists, covered Vanity 6’s “Nasty Girl.” Guest singer Rae Khalil took over for the recent single “Is It Worth It.”
Paak’s other projects include his Sonic Silk collaboration with Bruno Mars. At Jazz Fest, he showed the skills and sensibilities that inform that project.
Paak had been in New Orleans for at least a couple days; he hosted an invite-only show sponsored by Expedia at the Joy Theatre on Friday. “I went to a lot of jam sessions this week,” he said.
It showed. He was on point.
Michael Franti & Spearhead perform on the Festival Stage during the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in New Orleans on Sunday, April 28, 2024. (Staff photo by Brett Duke, The Times-Picayune)
Juvenile, like feel-good bandleader Michael Franti, was among the special guests for Troy “Trombone Shorty” Andrews’ annual Treme Threauxdown at the Saenger Theater on Saturday night. Both Juvenile and Franti were then at the Fair Grounds on Sunday.
Nineteen hours before he closed down Congo Square, Juvenile, backed by Shorty’s Orleans Avenue, led the Saenger audience in a no-holds-barred, celebratory “Back That Azz Up," the enduring cultural touchstone from his multi-million-selling 1998 Cash Money Records release “400 Degreez.” At the Fair Grounds, Juvenile, joined by Mannie Fresh and Hot Boy Turk, had the vast crowd up and moving for a finale of, yes, “Back That Azz Up.”
At the Saenger with Shorty, Franti stepped to the microphone and immediately silenced the room by talking about his father’s death from COVID. By bringing everyone down, he had that much more room to bring them back up with “Hands Up To the Sky,” a celebration of not taking anyone or anything for granted. By the end of “Hands Up To the Sky,” hands throughout the Saenger were indeed up to the sky.
The same thing happened at the Fair Grounds on Sunday. During his set, Franti welcomed local Cajun-pop fiddler Amanda Shaw – who had to hustle from the other end of the Fair Grounds after finishing her own set at the Gentilly Stage – and lap steel guitarist Robert Randolph.
With his set time running short, Franti told a truncated version of the story about his father, then orchestrated another mass “Hands Up to the Sky.”
Inside the grandstand at the Allison Miner Music Heritage Stage, longtime Rolling Stone writer David Fricke walked Devon Allman and Duane Betts, co-leaders of the Allman Betts Band, through a discussion of their personal and generational musical connections.
Betts’ father, Allman Brothers Band guitarist Dickey Betts, died April 18. Allman’s father, Gregg, passed in 2017. Devon and Duane are now keepers of their fathers’ legacy, even as they write and record their own music.
“If we do a show and don’t play (at least) one Allman Brothers song, it’s kind of weird,” Devon Allman said. “It’s our duty and our honor.”
On the flip side, if they played only Allman Brothers songs, “it would be a bit campy and wrong.”
To that point, the two played a couple of their own songs acoustically during the interview session: “Airboats & Cocaine” and “Magnolia Road.” Betts used a purple guitar pick borrowed from Radiators guitarist Camile Baudoin, who was in the audience.
Betts recalled multiple Jazz Fest trips with his father: “I had a lot of oysters with my dad.”
Devon spent a couple months a year in New Orleans while collaborating with Cyril Neville in the band Royal Southern Brotherhood. New Orleans, in his assessment, is “dirty in a good way.”
Nancy Wilson, left, and Ann Wilson of Heart perform on the Shell Gentilly Stage at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in New Orleans on Sunday, April 28, 2024. (Staff photo by Brett Duke, The Times-Picayune)
So, too, were the guitars for the last 20 minutes of Heart’s set at the Gentilly Stage. After the ballad “What About Love,” they dropped nothing but bombs. Counting Nancy Wilson, the band boasted three guitarists. The bite in their guitars clamped down on a charging “Barracuda.” Lead singer Ann Wilson’s wail was still largely intact.
The sisters were schooled on Led Zeppelin. Their Jazz Fest encore opened with a faithful dive into “The Ocean.”
Nancy’s acoustic guitar ushered in “Crazy On You” before the drums and electric guitars detonated. It’s hard to imagine how “Crazy On You” could have sounded better.
Earlier, after “The Ocean,” Ann Wilson enthused, “That’s in your DNA! You grew up with that.”
The same is true of Heart.
Email Keith Spera at kspera@theadvocate.com.
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: