By Caroline Frost 
pmc-media-editor-2024

Mark Ronson was Amy Winehouse’s producer and collaborator who helped her reach great creative and commercial heights with her biggest songs.

But the Daily Mail reports that the role of Oscar winner Ronson has been cut from forthcoming biopic about the London singer. The movie is named after Winehouse’s second award-winning album and classic track, Back to Black, which Ronson produced.

	It reports that Canadian actor Jeff Tunke filmed scenes in character as Ronson, but the scenes have been cut from the final edit, and Tunke’s name removed from the movie’s credits on IMDB.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'Industry' Star Marisa Abela Talks "Letting Yasmin Rip Emotionally" & Shutting Out The Noise On Amy Winehouse Biopic: "The Enemy Of Actors Is Self-Consciousness"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Oscar-Winner Asif Kapadia Reveals Filmmaking Tricks He Learned From Making Commercials -- Cannes Lions		
			







The Mail quotes the biopic’s producers who explained: “The character of Mark Ronson has never appeared on screen in the film, so it would not have been possible to ‘cut all the scenes’ involving Mark Ronson as they do not exist.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	Ronson worked with Winehouse during her most productive time, collaborating on tracks Back to Black and Rehab. He later collaborated with Bruno Mars on global hit Uptown Funk, won an Oscar for his song Shallow from A Star is Born and composed the Barbie soundtrack.

	He is reported to have previously helped creators of the biopic, taking the team around his studio where he worked with Winehouse, and recounting their time together.

	The biopic stars Industry actress Marisa Abela as Winehouse, who died aged 27 in 2011, with Jack O’Connell as Winehouse’s ex-husband Blake Fielder-Civil and Eddie Marsan as her influential father Mitch. Sam Taylor-Johnson directs. The movie is scheduled for release on April 12.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.