Halloween has been and gone, and Heidi Klum didn’t let us down with this year.
Spooky parties were in full swing last night, and celebrity disguises proved to be as impressive as ever, with Beetlejuice and even Monsters Inc’s Roz among the costumes stars went for.
Supermodel Heidi is well known for throwing everything into her Halloween costumes each year, after terrifying us in the past as a science experiment gone wrong, a rotting corpse, a genuinely disturbing realistic earthworm, and more.
This time round, she became ET the Extra-Terrestrial as she and her husband Tom Kaulitz both dressed up as the beloved alien from Stephen Spielberg’s iconic 1982 movie.
Complete with glowing fingertip and a motorised headpiece, the mouth and eyes were able to be operated remotely by her team.
Costume designer Mike Marino did an incredible job, and he has told the New York Times how both suits were made with 3-D printing.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Victoria Beckham got in the spirit too, with husband David admitting she hasn’t been one for dressing up for Halloween much over the last 27 years.
He shared a selfie which showed the Spice Girls icon and fashion designer in a green monster mask.
‘Good effort mum 😆 first time in 27 years my wife dresses up and it’s as good as we are gonna get 😆,’ he quipped. ‘You look amazing @victoriabeckham 💚🧡 @brooklynpeltzbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham #HarperSeven are u not proud of mum 🎃’
And chat show host Jonathan Ross looked suitably spooky at his annual Halloween bash in a vampire costume, with white face paint and fake blood.
Love Island host Maya Jama, who hosts an annual star-studded Halloween party, maintained her high standard of costumes by creating a tailored Beetlejuice outfit for October 31.
She ruled the night at her Gordon’s Premium Pink bash, hosting guests including Lucien Laviscount, Elz the Witch, Asa Butterfield and Aitch.
Instead of donning the character’s classic black and white striped suit, she modernised it into a blazer dress with statement shoulders which she paired with matching stockings and black high heels.
To finish the look she wore a luminous green curly wig to represent the hair of the character, who actor Michael Keaton recently revisited in the 2024 Beetlejuice sequel.
Alongside a series of photos of the costume posted to Instagram, Maya, 30, wrote: ‘Beetlejuice’s Unruly Niece. Happy Halloweeeeen SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT.’
The presenter is no stranger to throwing glamorous bashes, having transformed into X-Men’s Storm last year, and an iconic Bad Grandma the year before.
‘Omg IM OBSESSED,’ Love Island legend Maura Higgins commented, while Big Brother host AJ Odudu shared fire emojis.
US socialite Paris Hilton once again opted to channel Britney Spears for Halloween, this time taking on the outfit in the Baby One More Time music video, donning a tied white shirt, grey cardigan, grey pleated skirt and the classic pigtail hairstyle.
She shared a host of snaps of her posing in the costume beside pink school lockers and in a classroom to Instagram, writing: ‘It’s Britney bitch. Love you icon @BritneySpears.’
‘It doesn’t get more iconic than Paris dressed up as Britney,’ one fan wrote, while another said: ‘Icons dressing as icons! I hope Britney sees this!!!’
The Simple Life star was clearly carrying on her trend of dressing up as the Toxic singer, which she confirmed she was doing out of solidarity since Britney’s memoir, The Woman In Me.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran had fun with his costume by dressing as a viral meme of himself, donning a fluffy brown monkey bodysuit.
He shared a photo of him leaning over a table while holding a phone which showed a photo of him in a similar look, writing: ‘Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater.’
Little Mix singer Perrie Edwards transformed herself into fellow pop star Lady Gaga while she dressed her son Axel to look like Bruno Mars.
Their costume paid homage to the looks the singers wear in the music video for their new collaboration song Die With A Smile.
Three-year-old Axel, who Perrie shares with fiancé Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, looked adorable with a fake moustache and cowboy hat, as he stood on a pedestal next to his mum.
Perrie, 31, was of course not the only one to opt for a matching costume with her child.
Reality TV star Molly-Mae Hague terrified her daughter Bambi as she turned into the Big Bad Wolf from Little Red Riding Hood, wearing the fairy tale grandmother’s brown dress and bonnet, and large wolf paws, as well as makeup to turn into the creature.
Bambi wore a little red dress to tie in with the Brothers Grimm theme, as Molly, 25, also shared a peak into her Halloween party.
‘But grandmother… what big hands you have,’ she wrote.
In one pic, the Love Island star managed to grab a moment smiling at the camera with her daughter, while another showed Bambi wailing, clearly petrified of her unrecognisable mum.
‘Reality… she was simply terrified of me,’ Molly wrote.
And if she was scared of Molly, we can’t imagine how terrified she would’ve been to see her dad, Tommy Fury.
Boxer Tommy, who parted ways from Molly earlier this year, opted for a Freddy Krueger look, complete with the scarred face and mechanical hand.
‘I’ll see you in your dreams,’ he captioned the post, which saw him sporting the famous brown hat and covered in blood and scars.
Meanwhile, US singer Janelle Monae and YouTuber Amelia Dimoldenberg went all out with their costumes, with the former portraying the alien from Steven Spielberg’s classic movie ET: The Extra-Terrestrial.
She donned the look on the Jennifer Hudson Show, and even took on the voice.
Janelle even had a red-heart and finger glowing, like in the film, and left fans absolutely baffled with how long it would have taken to pull off.
A post on her Instagram showed the singer in a number of outfits as the alien, including one which featured a Kamala Harris badge.
Amelia also went for a character, and completely changed her appearance into the administrator Roz from Pixar movie Monsters Inc.
She shared a series of photos of the transformative look to Instagram, which saw her hair pulled into one purple spike and a dress that resembled the body of the slug-like monster.
The Chicken Shop Date star, 30, joked in the caption: ‘I’m watching you wazowski, always watching.’
The celebs also agreed that Amelia basically won Halloween, with Kylie Jenner commenting: ‘Obsessed,’ while Maya Jama wrote: ‘Absolutely incredible.’
‘Omfg yes,’ Stacey Dooley said, as the Barbie Instagram account wrote: ‘We need Roz on Chicken Shop Date.’
British singer and presenter Myleene Klass, who rose to fame in the band Hear’Say, opted for a classic version of the Wonder Woman outfit, complete with long boots and blue, red and gold bodysuit.
She went one step further than just trick or treating or Halloween parties, as she travelled on the tube in her outfit,
She shared a video of her transforming in one post, writing: ‘Happy Halloween to all my wonder women.
‘You may be fast Wonder woman, but nobody can be in two places at the same time. And yet we are.’
In another, Myleene shared a video of her walking through the underground station, high-fiving fans on the way as she got on the tube in her outfit.
She wrote: ‘Getting to work in my satin tights. To the little girl who asked if I was the ‘real Wonder woman’, thank you for keeping my mission a secret.’
Elsehwere, TV presenter Jamie Laing dressed as Carl Fredricksen from the Pixar film Up, with his wife Sophie Habboo dressed as character Russell.
A video posted to Instagram showed Sophie speaking as Russell, with balloons tied to her back, before the camera zoomed out to reveal Jamie as the elderly Carl.
‘I decided not to dress up this year,’ Jamie captioned the clip.
Though we have yet to see the full Kardashian clan dressed up this year, Kylie Jenner teased one look – though it didn’t appear to take much dressing up.
The 27-year-old instead posed naked, recreating Demi Moore in 1996 film Striptease.
Kylie posed in the exact same way Demi once did, wearing nothing and having her long black hair swept back.
Demi on the other hand went for a not as sexy look, and in the spirit of Halloween, shared some shocking backstage images from The Substance.
She gave us a peak into the heavy makeup and prosthetics that were needed for the horror film, which saw her resembling a very old, bald, woman with little hair and sagging body parts.
‘Been holding onto these gems from @trythesubstance and today feels like an appropriate day to share them,’ she wrote.
‘Happy Halloween from Elisabeth Sparkle.’
Some stars got into the Halloween spirit early this year, and treated us to their incredible looks over the week.
Singer Lizzo clapped back at a recent episode of South Park by dressing up as a faux box of the weight-loss drug Ozempic bearing her name.
Earlier this year, the long-running adult animation took aim at the Grammy-award winning singer by prescribing her music as an alternative to the weight-loss drug in a special titled The End of Obesity.
‘She’s a really good singer who talks about body positivity, and just being happy with the way you look. I want you to listen to Lizzo five times a day and watch her videos just before bedtime,’ Eric Cartman was told, to which he exclaimed: ‘Rich people get Ozempic, poor people get body positivity!’ 
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Months after releasing a reaction video of her own, Lizzo, 36, responded to the episode with a Halloween costume – and accompanying Cartman inflatable – bearing the likeness of a packet of Ozempic.
Posting a mock-up of her wearing the outfit, the accompanying copy read: ‘Need self love? Try Lizzo! Lose guilt, gain confidence!’
‘Side effects include: a smile on your face and a pep in your step,’ the small print added.
Elsewhere, comedian Katherine Ryan debuted a different kind of Halloween costume – stepping out dressed as a jumbo-sized Monster Munch.
Accompanied by (an embarrassed-looking) husband Bobby, Katherine (who went as a giant Wotsit last year) was seen struggling to get into a black taxi in London. 
Meanwhile, Game of Thrones star Sophie Turner squeezed herself into a tight-fitting PVC playsuit to pose as The Matrix’s Trinity, while Selena Gomez and boyfriend Benny Blanco debuted matching costumes as they dressed as Alice in Wonderland and the Mad Hatter, respectively.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: 00s pop star ‘in final talks’ to replace Tommy Fury on I’m A Celebrity
Arrow
MORE: Lizzo hits back at South Park with ‘best revenge outfit’ for Halloween
Arrow
MORE: Reality TV golden girl ‘firm favourite to replace Tommy Fury’ in I’m A Celebrity 2024