Some of the best and the brightest in aviation will soon be honored in San Diego when the International Air & Space Hall of Fame welcomes its 2024 inductees.
“[The class of 2024] represents the true pioneering spirit of aviation and space exploration, from the quest to travel across the globe faster, more safely and efficiently, to inventing the scientific inventions necessary to reach the moon,” said Jim Kidrick, president and CEO of the San Diego Air & Space Museum. “Achievements in aviation and space, as embodied by the honorees in the prestigious International Air & Space Hall of Fame, directly represent the human pioneering spirit and pursuit of mankind’s future frontiers.”
Among the members of the IASHF, which was established in 1963, are the Wright brothers, pilots Charles Lindbergh, Amelia Earhart, Chuck Yeager, and Jackie Cochran,  astronauts Neil Armstrong, Bill Anders, and Jim Lovell, and engineers and aircraft designers such as Igor Sikorsky, Wernher von Braun, Jack Northrop, William Boeing Sr., Reuben H. Fleet, and Glenn Curtiss.
The gala event to welcome the honorees is set for November 9 in the Edwin D. McKellar Pavilion of Flight.
This year’s honorees include:
The complete list of Hall of Fame members is available here.


							Meg Godlewski						


	Related Stories

					NTSB Releases Preliminary Report on Holland Accident				

					Electric Jet Developer Heart Aerospace Ditches Sweden for U.S.				

					NASA Budget Proposal Boosts Human Exploration at Expense of Science				

					Duffy Teases Major ATC Overhaul Announcement				

					United Pilot’s Lawsuit After Hard-Landing Incident Thrown Out by Federal Judge				

					Trump Shades Boeing, Directs L3Harris to Build Interim Air Force One				

		Subscribe to Our Newsletter	
"*" indicates required fields

	Latest Aircraft For Sale Listing

						SOCATA TB-20 Trinidad					


							Price:						 $149,900					


							Listed on:						 05/03/2025					

						Beechcraft King Air B300 (350, 350i, 350iER)					

						Fresh Phase Inspections – Textron Houston Exceptional Ownership Pedigree Collins Venue Cabin Management System WAAS / LPV / ADS-B Equipped CAMP Maintenance Tracking Ground Air Conditioner Installed Raisbeck Dual Aft…					


							Price:						 $3,995,000					


							Listed on:						 05/02/2025					

						Get the latest stories & special offers delivered directly to your inbox.