"Saturday Night Live" is in the midst of its landmark 50th season. Before it returned in 2025, the show announced its first two hosts and musical guests of the year — and for the second episode of the year, the host and musical guest was none other than Timothée Chalamet.
Chalamet has never released music of his own (unless you count the "Statistics" rap from his high school math class), but he recently starred in the Bob Dylan biopic "A Complete Unknown," in which he sang and played guitar in the style of Dylan, earning him an Oscar nomination this year. However, that's not the only musical Chalamet has been in — we thought we might hear some songs from "Wonka" too, or perhaps a reprise of "Tiny Horse."
Instead, Chalamet sang three re-worked Dylan deep cuts, and his marketing savviness might just win him the Oscar.
Chalamet's not the only person to act as both host and musical guest. From Paul Simon to Dolly Parton to MC Hammer, here are all the musicians who've taken a crack at comedy in Studio 8H.
Simon has been both host and musical guest four times over the years.
The first time he appeared on the show was October 18, 1975 — the second episode ever of "SNL." He brought in multiple musical friends to help, including Art Garfunkel, Randy Newman, and Phoebe Snow.
The "Graceland" singer returned the following season on November 20, 1976. This time, he brought along George Harrison and the two sang a memorable rendition of "Here Comes the Sun."
He hosted the next two times: on May 10, 1986, during season 11, and on December 19, 1987, during season 13.
In total, Simon has had "four hosting stints, nine musical guest appearances, and six cameos," according to Vulture.
Arnaz was 58 years old when he hosted and performed on the episode that aired on February 21, 1976.
He invited his son, Desi Arnaz, Jr., onstage to sing "Cuban Pete" and "Babalu." His son was just 23 years old at the time.
Charles was both host and musical guest during the season three episode that aired on November 12, 1977.
He sang more than the now-typical two songs during this episode. He performed "I Can See Clearly Now," "What'd I Say," "Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'" and a medley of "I Got a Woman," "I Believe to My Soul," "Them That Got," and "Hit the Road Jack".
According to "SNL" lore, Zappa's hosting performance on October 21, 1978, led to him getting barred from Studio 8H forever.
Zappa had already been the musical guest prior to his season four appearance, in which he took over hosting duties as well. He sang three songs: "Dancin' Fool," "The Meek Shall Inherit Nothing," and an instrumental version of the unreleased song "Rollo."
However, his lackluster hosting didn't go over well. Former "SNL" star Don Novello even called Zappa's show "one of the worst ever" in the tell-all book "Live From New York."
The Blondie frontwoman appeared as a solo act on February 14, 1981, while also hosting.
She hosted an episode during the ill-fated sixth season, which was helmed by Dick Ebersol, instead of creator Lorne Michaels.
Harry hosted the episode five months before her first solo album, "KooKoo" would be released. Harry sang "Love TKO" and "Come Back Jonee."
Newton-John did double duty on May 22, 1982, successfully reprising her character from "Grease" and singing her hit song, "Physical."
Arguably, she was equally considered a musician and an actor, which distinguished her from her predecessors on this list.
The Australian songstress sang "Physical," "Make a Move on Me," and "Landslide."
Tomlin hosted as herself, while her male alter-ego Pervis Hawkins was the musical guest on January 22, 1983, during season eight.
In a musical performance that would never fly today, Tomlin sang as Pervis Hawkins, a Black R&B singer who was clearly modeled on Black musicians like Luther Vandross and Marvin Gaye.
A few months after Lily Tomlin, on May 7, 1983, Stevie Wonder would also take over the hosting and performing gig.
Wonder made it publicly known that he would've returned to the "SNL" stage once again if he was the musical guest for Eddie Murphy's episode in December 2019.
"He's a superstar. If he wants me to, I will do it," Wonder told TooFab. The honor eventually went to Lizzo instead.
During his 1983 appearance, Wonder appeared alongside Murphy, who frequently impersonated him on the show. The two sang "My Cherie Amour" during the sketch.
He also sang "Overjoyed" and "Go Home."
Willie Nelson joined the double-duty club on February 21, 1987, during season 12. The legendary stoner sang his songs "Blue Eyes" and "Partners After All," and also performed a duet with cast member Victoria Jackson.
Just a few months before she'd appear in "Steel Magnolias," the country icon dropped by Studio 8H to host an episode and to perform "Why'd You Come in Here Lookin' Like That," and "White Limozeen" during a season 14 episode that aired on April 15, 1989.
In season 16, Sting hosted the January 19, 1991, episode without the rest of his Police band members.
Prior to this episode, Sting had appeared as solely the musical guest in a 1987 episode. This time, he took on the hosting gig as well, and performed "All This Time," "Mad About You" and a cover of the Jimi Hendrix Experience song, "Purple Haze."
He'd return to host an episode in 1997, with Veruca Salt as the musical guest.
MC Hammer became the first rapper to host and perform on December 7, 1991, during season 17.
The flamboyant rapper sang his smash hit "2 Legit 2 Quit," "This Is the Way We Roll," and his song recorded for "The Addams Family" movie, "Addams Groove."
Christina Ricci and Jimmy Workman, who played Wednesday and Pugsley Addams respectively, were on hand to introduce him in character.
Brooks has pulled double duty twice, although, during his second episode, he performed as rock alter ego Chris Gaines.
Brooks' first episode during season 23 on February 28, 1998, went by as a pretty run-of-the-mill episode, and he sang "Two Piña Coladas."
When he returned two seasons later, on November 13, 1999, Brooks hosted the show as himself but performed as his alt-rock alter ego, Chris Gaines. He performed a song from Gaines' album, "The Life of Chris Gaines," called "Way of the Girl."
Spears has also taken on this responsibility twice: once in season 25 and once in season 27.
While she might not seem like the most obvious choice for sketch comedy, she certainly held her own during both episodes she hosted.
During her May 13, 2000, episode she was part of the sketch in which Rachel Dratch and Jimmy Fallon's "Boston Teens" made their first appearance. She also sang "Oops!... I Did It Again," and "Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know."
When she returned on February 2, 2002, she earned laughs in the "Inside Barbie's Dreamhouse" sketch alongside Amy Poehler. Her first performance, "I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman," was introduced by then-boyfriend, Justin Timberlake. She also sang "Boys."
Lopez made her first appearance on the show on February 10, 2001, during season 26. The New York Daily News reported Lopez was the first Hispanic person to host and perform.
During her monologue, she brought her famous Versace Grammys dress out of retirement. She also sang "Love Don't Cost a Thing" and "Play."
After a nine-year hiatus, she made an "SNL" comeback on February 27, 2010, during season 35, singing "Until It Beats No More" and "Starting Over."
Excluding his appearance with NSYNC, Timberlake made his "SNL" debut on October 11, 2003, during season 29.
This episode saw the beginnings of the epic Justin Timberlake/Jimmy Fallon friendship, and it marked the debut of "The Barry Gibb Talk Show," which remains a staple of Timberlake's appearances on the show (it was brought back yet again in 2024 when Timberlake was just a musical guest in season 49). He also sang "Rock Your Body," "Señorita," and "Cry Me a River."
Three years later, in season 32 on December 16, 2006, Timberlake returned — and this time, won an Emmy for his troubles. A digital short from the episode went viral after the uncensored version was posted on YouTube. He also performed "My Love" and "What Goes Around... Comes Around."
Timberlake made it a threepeat on March 9, 2013, during season 38. Besides his third stint as a musical guest/host, it was also his fifth time hosting overall, with other members of "The Five-Timers Club" appearing during his monologue, including Tom Hanks, Martin Short, Chevy Chase, and Candice Bergen.
Timberlake performed "Mirrors" and his collaboration with Jay-Z, "Suit & Tie," during which the rapper appeared onstage.
Jackson made her hosting debut on April 10, 2004, in season 29.
Though she had previously performed as a musical guest, Jackson showed off her comedic chops as a host. During her episode, she reprised her role from the '70s sitcom "Good Times" alongside former "SNL" cast member Tracy Morgan.
She sang "All Nite (Don't Stop)" and "Strawberry Bounce."
Queen Latifah added her name to the list on October 9, 2004, during the show's 30th season.
The rapper and actor was there promoting her 2004 film "Taxi," which costarred "SNL" alum Jimmy Fallon, and her album "The Dana Owens Album," which was released the week prior.
She performed "The Same Love That Made Me Laugh" and "Hard Times."
Just a few years after Ludacris proved he could act in the "Fast and Furious" franchise, he stopped by "SNL" on November 18, 2006, during season 32.
Ludacris took his talents to Studio 8H right after his album "Release Therapy" debuted in September. The rapper performed "Money Maker" and "Runaway Love," during which Mary J. Blige appeared as well.
Swift brought music into her monologue with "The Monologue Song" on November 7, 2009, in season 35, and used her opportunity as a host to make jokes about what she was best known for in 2009: singing songs about her boyfriends and getting interrupted by Kanye West at the VMAs a few months prior.
Besides her monologue song, she also performed "You Belong With Me" and "Untouchable."
Perhaps surprisingly, John's turn at double duty on April 2, 2011, during season 36, was just his second time ever on the show in an official capacity. The first time was during a 1982 episode as a musical guest.
After 29 years away from 30 Rock, John made a triumphant return to the "SNL" stage. His episode attracted some big names, including cameos from Jake Gyllenhaal, Tom Hanks, Michael Caine, and Carmelo Anthony.
The legendary singer performed alongside Leon Russell for two songs, "Hey Ahab" and "Monkey Suit," and added an encore performance.
Like Elton John before him, Jagger's presence at "SNL" during the season 37 finale on May 19, 2012, brought in some big names: Jon Hamm, Steve Martin, the Foo Fighters, Arcade Fire, and Jeff Beck.
His was a music-heavy episode. The Rolling Stones front-man performed "The Last Time" with Arcade Fire, a medley of "19th Nervous Breakdown" and "It's Only Rock 'n Roll (But I Like It)" with the Foo Fighters, and "Tea Party" alongside Jeff Beck.
As it was Kristen Wiig's last episode, Arcade Fire also performed a medley of "She's a Rainbow" and "Ruby Tuesday" to honor the longtime cast member.
Mars asked if he "could be like Timberlake" on October 20, 2012, during season 38.
Mars had appeared as the musical guest two years prior, but this marked the first time he took on hosting duties as well — and like many musicians, Mars chose to do a musical monologue.
He also performed "Locked Out of Heaven" and "Young Girls."
That same season, Bieber also pulled double duty on February 9, 2013.
He appeared on the show a few weeks after he released "Believe Acoustic," and he subsequently performed acoustic versions of "As Long As You Love Me" and "Nothing Like Us."
Cyrus hosted during two distinct eras of her career. Once during "Bangerz," when she was rocking space buns and twerking all the time, and once during the "Dead Petz" era when she was only wearing plastic jewelry and neon colors.
Cyrus' first appearance on the show was during season 39, on October 5, 2013 — just over a month after her controversial appearance at the VMAs, which earned her backlash for twerking up against Robin Thicke. Of course, she poked fun at the outrage during the show's cold open.
She went on to perform "Wrecking Ball" and an acoustic version of "We Can't Stop."
Cyrus returned to "SNL" on October 3, 2015, for the season premiere of 41, with a radically different look. This time, she sang "Karen Don't Be Sad" and "The Twinkle Song," which brought her to tears.
Gaga took on both roles during the November 16, 2013, episode of season 39.
The native New Yorker brought out R. Kelly for the performance of their song, "Do What U Want" — she has since apologized for working with him, per Rolling Stone. She also sang "Gypsy" from "Artpop."
Drake is yet another rapper who has performed both duties at "SNL."
His first "SNL" hosting gig came during season 39 (a season heavy on double-duty hosts) on January 18, 2014. He performed a medley of his hits "Started from the Bottom" and "Trophies," and he sang his duet with Jhene Aiko, "From Time."
Drake returned for season 41 on May 14, 2016. Chris Rock made a surprise appearance to introduce Drake's first performance, "One Dance." He also sang "Hype" — but the highlight of his episode was his sketch, "Drake's Beef," which poked fun at Drake's feud with Meek Mill.
Two years before he earned the title of People's Sexiest Man Alive, Shelton called himself "a little troublemakin' cutie" in his monologue. He also called himself the "Justin Bieber of country music" when he hosted on January 24, 2015, during season 40.
The country star performed "Neon Light" and "Boys 'Round Here."
Grande went back to her theater kid roots during her March 12, 2016, episode.
The singer also poked fun at her Nickelodeon roots alongside fellow Nick alum Kenan Thompson — and had a pretty cute interaction with future ex Pete Davidson — during her monologue.
Besides her musical monologue, she also sang "Dangerous Woman" and "Be Alright."
Grande has since returned to the show as the musical guest (March 2024) and as the host (October 2024), but never as both.
Glover hosted, and performed as Childish Gambino, on May 5, 2018.
During his monologue, he reminisced on his failed "SNL" audition and confused at least a few people by ending it with the customary "Childish Gambino is here!"
As his rapper alter ego, he performed "This Is America" and "Saturday," which were introduced by Daniel Kaluuya and Zoë Kravitz, respectively.
After performing the year prior, Halsey took on hosting duties as well on February 9, 2019, in season 44.
Halsey gave a shout-out to her home state of New Jersey and praised the female comedians who came before her on the show during her short and sweet monologue.
For her performances, she sang "Without Me" and "Eastside."
Chance the Rapper hosted and performed on the October 26, 2019, episode of season 45.
Chance was previously a musical guest in 2016 and host in 2017, but he took on both responsibilities during this episode.
Though plenty of people were talking about Jason Momoa's surprise appearance, the rapper held his own during the episode.
Charmingly, he introduced himself in the third person before his first performance, "Zanies and Fools." He also got Megan Thee Stallion to make an appearance during his performance of their song "Handsome."
Styles also pulled double duty during season 45, on the November 16, 2019 episode.
This was the fifth time Styles performed on "SNL," (twice as a solo act and three times as part of One Direction), but it was the first time he took on hosting duties as well.
And though the "Adore You" singer had proved his comedic talents in sketches before, nothing could've prepared us for the joy of "Sara Lee" or "Joan Song."
Styles also performed "Lights Up" and "Watermelon Sugar," the latter of which was introduced by Jon Hamm.
Jonas has appeared three times on "SNL" before: twice with the Jonas Brothers in 2009 and 2019, and once as a solo artist in 2016. Like Styles, he had always appeared in at least one sketch, but this was his first time trying his hand at hosting.
This appearance also kicked off his latest era as a solo artist after the successful comeback of the Jonas Brothers in 2019.
He performed "Spaceman" and "This Is Heaven," introduced by his older brother Kevin on February 27, 2021.
Eilish was previously the musical guest for the season 45 premiere on September 28, 2019, with host Woody Harrelson.
Perhaps surprisingly, Eilish — then 19 — is only the second-youngest person to both host and perform. The No. 1 spot still goes to Britney Spears, who was just 18 when she pulled it off.
Eilish sang "Happier Than Ever" and "Male Fantasy," of course accompanied by her brother, Finneas, on December 11, 2021.
Lizzo showed off her impressive comedic chops during her season 47 episode on April 16, 2022.
She poked fun at her equal love of rumors and Chris Evans during her monologue, busted out the flute for her performance of song, "About Damn Time." She also performed "Special."
Megan Thee Stallion was the first person in season 48 to pull double duty, which she did on October 15, 2022.
Two months after the release of her second album, "Traumazine," the rapper paid a visit to NYC and hosted an episode of "SNL." She performed "Anxiety" and a medley of "NDA" and "Plan B."
Harlow, fresh off the success of his second album, "Come Home the Kids Miss You," returned to Studio 8H not just to rap, but to host as well. As it was the Halloween episode, Tom Hanks made a highly anticipated cameo to bring back his character David S. Pumpkins, and then stuck around to introduce one of Harlow's performances.
He performed a medley of "Lil Secret" and "First Class," and the song "State Fair."
The second episode of season 49 was hosted by Bad Bunny, who also performed, on October 21, 2023.
His performances of "Un Preview" and "Monaco" were introduced by Lady Gaga and Pedro Pascal, respectively.
He appeared on the show to celebrate the release of his album "Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana," or "Nobody Knows What's Going to Happen Tomorrow."
Lipa hosted the show the day after her third album, "Radical Optism," was released. She performed "Illusion" and "Happy for You," which were introduced by Troye Sivan and Jerry Seinfeld, respectively.
Charli XCX, fresh off "Brat Summer," tried her hand at sketch comedy by hosting an episode of "SNL" on November 16, 2024.
In addition to performing "360" and "Sympathy Is a Knife," the musician also appeared in the musical Lonely Island Digital Short "Here I Go."
After hosting two prior episodes, Chalamet tried his hand at performing live on TV just a few weeks after the release of "A Complete Unknown," in which he plays Bob Dylan.
He first performed a medley of "Outlaw Blues" and "Three Angels" accompanied by James Blake on the organ, and then "Tomorrow Is a Long Time." His first performance was introduced by Adam Sandler, closing the loop on a bit first started by Nikki Glaser at the Golden Globes.
Jump to