Now 
67
 Sat 
60
 Sun 
62
by JACKSON WALKER | The National Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TND) — Ryan Routh, the suspect in the second attempted assassination of former President Donald Trump, previously created a website which sought to recruit volunteer soldiers for a “war” to defend Taiwan from China.
Routh is accused of pointing an AK-47-style rifle at Trump while the former president was golfing in West Palm Beach, Florida Sunday. He was charged Monday with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number.
Routh's site, titled “Taiwan Foreign Legion,” lists his name and contact information as its “International Volunteer Center Coordinator.” In a lengthy appeal to readers, the site calls for “millions of people willing to support, volunteer, shield, defend and even die for the Taiwanese people.”
“The duty and responsibility of being the voice for Taiwan and the shield and defender of freedom and Human rights in Taiwan falls on you and me,” the site reads. “I hope that if we all together can amass enough worldwide support for Taiwan that it might become visibly too costly for China to invade as the public backlash hopefully would be overwhelming.”
Taiwan and China have long been engaged in a geopolitical conflict over the independence of Taiwan, a small island off the coast of China. President Joe Biden earlier this year said the U.S. does not support the independence of Taiwan.
Routh, who claimed to have visited “every single government office” in Taiwan, wrote on the site that Taiwanese officials fear Chinese retribution and are unwilling to defend themselves in the event of an invasion. This, he said, forced him to create the "Taiwan Foreign Legion."
Screenshots of an X account under Routh’s name viewed by The National Desk (TND) show him petitioning several major artists for the creation of a “tribute song," including Elton John, Dave Matthews Band and Bruno Mars. The account claimed to have already written lyrics to such a song.
READ MORE | Son of Trump assassination attempt suspect slams media: 'You're part of the problem'
A section of the site title “application” allows visitors to sign up to join an “army of civilians” to fight in a coming “war” between China and Taiwan. The application requests information such as one's address and driver’s license number, as well as asks whether applicants have various levels of military experience, including “sniper training.”
The application also stipulates that one “must cover every single year of your life on this application and every month if possible, in extreme detail." It adds that “Taiwan will not accept soldiers that wish to make Taiwan their home, so this is merely a project to earn money and send it home to your families.”
Another section of the site describes a supposed “Peace Park” as an area full of “plants and animals” where supporters of the movement can hang letters addressed to China. Those who do not live near the park are asked to email their letters to "Taiwan Foreign Legion."
That section also specifically calls for “children or classroom[s]” to create “heartfelt letters to China.” These, he wrote, would occasionally be mailed to Chinese president Xi Jinping.
"Taiwan Foreign Legion" boasts a list of supporters, including “JOHN FROM IRELAND IRELAND,” “Ben fighting” and “Drone maker in Ukraine bee che- also makes vehicles.”
The X account linked to Routh repeatedly volunteered as many as 50,000 soldiers for deployment to places like Taiwan and Ukraine. The account also offered its own services, repeatedly sharing a desire to fly to Ukraine to join the war against Russia “and die if need be for democracy.”
Follow Jackson Walker on X at @_jlwalker_ for the latest trending national news. Have a news tip? Send it to jacwalker@sbgtv.com.