Strictly Come Dancing fans didn't hold back their opinions just minutes into Saturday night's show as they noticed a recurring theme.
In the latest instalment, which broke new ground for the BBC One series with an icons theme, the remaining 10 celebrity contestants and their professional partners took to the dance floor with routines set to tracks from legendary artists.
Adding to the homage to musical greats, the professional dancers are set to deliver a Beyonce medley in Sunday's results show, with Johannes Radebe embodying the star's alter-ego, Sasha Fierce.
The themed week also saw judges Craig Revel Horwood, Shirley Ballas, Anton Du Beke, and Motsi Mabuse donning costumes to pay tribute to their personal icons.
Yet, fans were quick to voice their opinions on social media, particularly after last week's Halloween-themed episode. On Twitter, one viewer expressed: "Oh can we just not with the themed weeks #Strictly", another commented: "We don't need fancy dress EVERY week, #strictly" and yet another shared: "I agree, it's getting ridiculous now.", reports the Mirror.
The show kicked off with Pete Wicks embodying Freddie Mercury, performing a Salsa to Another One Bites The Dust alongside Jowita Przysta. Other standout performances included JB Gill and Lauren Oakley's couple's choice, a medley of Bruno Mars hits, while Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell paid tribute to KISS with a Tango to Rock and Roll All Nite.
Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin delivered an American Smooth to Taylor Swift's Love Story, and Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe performed a poignant Waltz to Whitney Houston's I Will Always Love You.
Meanwhile, Wynne Evans and Katya Jones channelled Shirley Bassey in a Rumba to This is My Life, and Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola are set to bring a touch of Madonna to the dance floor with a Cha Cha to Like a Prayer.
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec will celebrate P!nk with their couple's choice, dancing to What About Us, and Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas got into the groove with a George Michael-inspired Samba to Faith. Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu will perform a Quickstep to The Beatles' Help!.
The performances came as professional dancer Lauren Oakley stepped in to partner with JLS star JB Gill, 37, after his original partner Amy Dowden, 34, fell ill during filming last weekend. Amy is reportedly "doing much better" after a health scare forced her to miss Sunday's results programme and sit out this week's competition.
On Monday, a Strictly Come Dancing star Amy Dowden is recovering well after being forced to miss an upcoming show due to illness. A Strictly spokesperson said: "Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well."
"She is delighted that fellow professional dancer Lauren Oakley is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday's show for JB Gill's couple's choice dance. We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week."
Amy, who underwent treatment for breast cancer this year, including a mastectomy and chemotherapy, had been looking forward to performing with JB.
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.