Hi, what are you looking for?
Actor, musician, and performer Brody Grant released his single “Still Breakin Up.”
By
Published
Actor, musician, and performer Brody Grant released his pop single “Still Breakin Up.”
In a post on social media, Grant revealed that he wrote it with Grammy award-winning record producer Rob Fusari (who also executive produced it as well).
“It is an honor and a privilege to be a part of a discography that includes the likes of Destiny’s Child, Will Smith, Lady Gaga, The O’Jays and many more. I’ve learned a lot about making music and being an artist from Rob, and excited to continue,” Grant said.
“I had this one in the vault for a while,” he noted. “Came to the studio with influences like Cage The Elephant, The Doobie Brothers, Bruno Mars, and made something new that we thought sounded audacious, emotional, disruptive, pop,” Grant exclaimed in the post.
The single is midtempo, upbeat, and a great deal of fun; moreover, it is vivacious and nonchalant coupled with a liberating vibe to it. 
Brody Grant allows his rich, rumbling voice to shine on this tune, which has a neat groove to it.
The lyrics of “Still Breakin Up” are raw and relevant, and they will resonate with anybody who has ever had a breakup. It is worth more than just a passing glance.
Hopefully, “Still Breakin Up” is a harbinger of more good things to come musically for Grant in the future.
Presently, Brody Grant is starring in the new Broadway musical “The Outsiders” in the lead role of Ponyboy. It will officially open on April 11, 2024, at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre in New York City.
For this role, Grant was awarded the 2023 Craig Noel Award by the San Diego Theatre Critics Circle in the category of “Outstanding Lead Performance in a Musical” for his acting work in “The Outsiders.”
On his definition of the word success, Grant said, “Getting to do what I love with the people that I love. Truly that is success.”
“Still Breakin Up” is available on Spotify and Apple Music. It garners two thumbs up.
To learn more about multifaceted entertainer Brody Grant, follow him on Instagram.
Markos Papadatos is Digital Journal's Editor-at-Large for Music News.
Papadatos is a Greek-American journalist and educator that has authored over 22,000 original articles over the past 18 years. He has interviewed some of the biggest names in music, entertainment, lifestyle, magic, and sports. He is a 16-time "Best of Long Island" winner, where for three consecutive years (2020, 2021, and 2022), he was honored as the "Best Long Island Personality" in Arts & Entertainment, an honor that has gone to Billy Joel six times.
Passwords: businesses need to put greater consideration about how people can mess up what seems to be a solid system.
British actors Maxine Peake and Jason Isaacs fight against injustice in the new film "Words of War," which premiered in theaters on Friday, May...
That level of consumption and its link to chronic diet-related diseases such as diabetes has become a major public health focus.
What can UK businesses learn from the way the economy was organised during World War II. A current business guru provides some thoughts.
COPYRIGHT © 1998 - 2024 DIGITAL JOURNAL INC. Sitemaps: XML /  News .

Digital Journal is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more about our external linking.