Born Belcalis Marlenis Almánzar, Cardi B grew up in the Bronx. She joined the Bloods gang as a teenager and worked as a stripper before finding fame online with her Vine and Instagram videos.
Cardi joined the cast of Love & Hip Hop: New York in 2015 and starred on the VH1 reality show for two seasons before leaving to pursue a career in music. After releasing two volumes of her Gangsta Bitch Music mixtapes in 2016 and 2017, she signed a deal with Atlantic Records.
Cardi’s debut album, Invasion of Privacy, came out in 2018. The singles “Bodak Yellow” and “I Like It” reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, making her the first female rapper to have two chart-toppers. She later won Best Rap Album at the 2019 Grammy Awards.
The rapper has collaborated with a number of artists over the years, including G-Eazy, Bruno Mars, Jennifer Lopez and Ed Sheeran. Her 2018 duet with Maroon 5, “Girls Like You,” and her 2020 smash with Megan Thee Stallion, “WAP,” also topped the Billboard Hot 100, expanding her record.
Cardi made her big-screen debut in the 2019 crime drama Hustlers. That same year, she began judging the Netflix music competition Rhythm + Flow with Chance the Rapper and T.I.
Cardi started dating Migos member Offset in early 2017. They married that September but did not announce the news until June 2018. The couple welcomed their daughter, Kulture, in July 2018. In 2023, Cardi B confirmed she was single on Instagram Live, confirming rumors that her relationship with rapper Offset had ended. In September 2024, Cardi B and Offset welcomed baby No. 3.
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: