Strictly Come Dancing fans thought they spotted one of the show's stars 'crying', after earlier commenting that they were 'gone but never forgotten'.
The 2024 run of the BBC One dance contest continued on Saturday night (November 2) with a first in the show's history. To mark its 20th anniversary, Strictly introduced its first 'Icons Week'.
The new themed week saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band - with the likes of Whitney Houston, Madonna, George Michael and Bruno Mars all chosen. It was a near-perfect night for JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley as they scored the joint-highest score of the night as JB's usual partner, Amy Dowden, watched from the studio sidelines.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing spoiler leak branded 'truly shocking' as fans blast 'terrible' bottom-two
The Welsh professional dancer missed last Sunday's results programme after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell" following their Halloween special performance.
Lauren, who does not have a partner for this year’s series of the BBC dancing show, stood in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB during the latest live show, for a score of 39 out of a possible 40, his highest score of the series and first 10s.
They were joined in the top spot by Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec following their own moving couple's choice routine to P!nk's What About Us. Closely following was Miranda actor Sarah Hadland and her professional partner Vito Coppola as they scored 37 for their cha cha to Madonna’s Just Like A Prayer.
Meanwhile, Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe and Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu both scored 35 out of a possible 40 points for their respective performances - a waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston and a quickstep to a medley of The Beatles' biggest hits.
But it was Tasha who seemingly hit Gorka Marquez in the feels as fans thought they saw him in tears following their performance. He was seen in the Claudatorium with his fellow Strictly stars after exiting the main competition last weekend with celebrity dance partner Dr Punam Krishan.
@vickisud76 asked: "Is Gorka crying? #Strictly." @sabotageomar commented: "Aww gorka crying in the background oh i love him #strictly." Others, however, were distracted as they spotted how Vito Coppola had seemingly borrowed Gorka's leather trousers from earlier in the series for his latest performance.
@Laurahallissey said: "Gorka, gone but not forgotten thanks to Vito. #Strictly." @Laurahallissey wrote: "I’m glad to see Gorka’s trousers are still being put to good use #Strictly."@gosulli posted: "Nice of Gorka to lend Vito his trousers! #Strictly." @thequalmpeddler joked: "FAO Vito: Gorka called. He wants his shiny trousers back. #strictly." @lucymaygoodwin added: "Nice to see Vito borrowed Gorka’s trousers for the occasion #strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.