"She has just created her own path," the voice actress gushed of the pop star.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Sabrina Carpenter isn’t the only entertainer in her family, but her aunt — Simpsons star Nancy Cartwright — thinks that she will be their first EGOT winner someday.

	In an interview with Good Morning America posted Monday (Dec. 16), one day ahead of the premiere of the famous cartoon’s 2024 holiday special on Disney+, the voice actress — known for her portrayal of Bart Simpson — gushed that her famous niece “knew at age 6 years old that she wanted to work for Disney.”

	“That was her dream at age 6!” Cartwright continued proudly. “She has just created her own path.” 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Indeed, the “Taste” singer made her dream come true in 2014 when she starred opposite Rowan Blanchard on Disney Channel’s Girl Meets World, which ran for three seasons. Since then, Carpenter has steadily built a career in pop music that reached a boiling point in 2024, with the musician earning her first No. 1 song and album thanks to “Please Please Please” and Short n’ Sweet respectively topping the Billboard Hot 100 and Billboard 200 at different points this year.

	“I wouldn’t be surprised one day if she’s an EGOT,” Cartwright added of the A Nonsense Christmas star.

	Time will tell whether Carpenter takes home an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar or Tony award in the years to come, but she’s already making strides on the second category. In November, the Grammys unveiled its 2025 nominations, revealing that the Work It star is up for six prizes next year, including best new artist, record of the year for “Espresso,” song of the year for “Please Please Please” and album of the year for Short n’ Sweet. 

	Featuring performances from musical guests Pentatonix and Patti Labelle, The Simpsons: O C’mon All Ye Faithful drops on Disney+ Tuesday (Dec. 17).

	Watch Cartwright sing Carpenter’s praises on Good Morning America above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.