With just 600 chart units separating the two, Oli Sykes and company are within striking distance of their third U.K. No. 1.

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


Shed Seven‘s Liquid Gold shines brightly in the race for the U.K. Official Albums Chart crown this week, but the alt-rockers could face a battle with Bring Me The Horizon‘s POST HUMAN: NeX GEn for the No. 1 spot.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Bring Me the Horizon		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	At the midweek mark on the latest Chart Blast, Shed Seven are currently leading with their seventh studio album and first new release of 2024. If it holds, this will be the band’s second No. 1 album in the U.K., following A Matter of Time earlier this year. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	With their debut album being released 29 years ago, they still hold the U.K. Official Charts record for the longest time between a band’s debut and their first No. 1.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	But Bring Me The Horizon are creeping up behind them. Their album POST HUMAN: NeX GEn, which was initially released in May, floats from No. 5 to No. 2 in the latest blast, thanks to its physical release, and is currently sitting at No. 2. With just 600 chart units separating the two, Oli Sykes and company are within striking distance of their third U.K. No. 1.

	At No. 3, Nines’ latest album Quit While You’re Ahead looks to debut strong. This marks his sixth studio release and potentially his second U.K. No. 1 album, following Crabs In A Bucket in 2020.

	Meanwhile, Sabrina Carpenter’s Short N’ Sweet slips one spot to No. 4 after peaking at No. 1 six weeks ago. Ed Sheeran’s new + – = ÷ x (Tour Collection) is set to debut at No. 5, continuing his chart dominance following his recent tour.

	Ezra Collective’s Dance, No One’s Watching eyes a No. 6 debut, marking their highest to date, while Pale Waves’ Smitten is likely to land at No. 7, which would mark their fourth consecutive Top 10 album in the U.K.

	Indie darling Chappell Roan sees The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess slip from No. 2 to No. 8, while Maximo Park’s Stream of Life debuts at No. 9. Oasis’s Time Flies… 1994-2009 continues its record-setting run at No. 10, holding steady after peaking at No. 2 for its 704th week in the Top 40.

	Further down the chart, In a touching posthumous debut, SOPHIE’s self-titled album is set to enter the chart at No. 24, marking the first time the visionary producer has appeared on the Chart. Lady Gaga’s Harlequin, the surprise soundtrack album for the new Joker film and digital-only release, is expected to debut at No. 25, and Michael Bublé’s The Best of Bublé is poised to enter the chart at No. 28, marking his 13th Top 40 album.

	










	With only a few days left in the chart week, it’s still a close race for the top, and the final results could shift dramatically before Friday’s reveal.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.