The Y2K icon is teaming up with Sabrina Carpenter and MGK for her debut album's 25th anniversary.
Youtube @ChristinaAguilera
 It’s hard to believe it’s been a quarter of a century since Christina Aguilera released her debut album with now-timeless hits like “Genie in a Bottle” and “What a Girl Wants.” To celebrate the 25th anniversary of her eponymous first album, the “Dirrty” hitmaker is launching a re-imagining of her biggest hits with Spotify—and she tapped into her Y2K style roots to announce the collaboration. In a trailer for the Spotify Anniversaries episode, Aguilera served icon status in a tiny gold tracksuit that looked like a bedazzled gold disco ball.

 Now 43, the star crooned riffs from some of her most popular singles and revealed that she’s “celebrating 25 years” while lounging on a fuzzy carpet. In the 30-second trailer for a September 23 episode of Spotify Anniversaries, the camera pans to Aguilera’s golden=girl outfit, from her shimmery molten gold pointy-toed pumps and shimmery fishnet tights to a mirrored gold track jacket paired with matching hot pants.

 It’s safe to say that Noughties-era stars who loved the 2000s tracksuit (Jennifer Lopez, Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan, and Kim Kardashian, just to name a few) would have loved to get their hands on this iteration, which features mirrored gold studs over every inch of fabric. Aguilera, who wore the top zipped down slightly, paired the glittering outfit with large gold hoop earrings, soft platinum blonde waves that were parted in the middle, a mauve lip, and black cat-eye liner.

Getty Images
 According to an exclusive feature published by Rolling Stone, the star will record live studio “re-imaginings” of the hits off her Christina Aguilera album in a the episode, which will air on September 23, and includes cameos from Sabrina Carpenter and MGK. She will also share behind-the-scenes stories about the making of her first album.

 Aguilera, who called the experience of revisiting her first album “magical and nostalgic,” told the publication that the experience of bringing “together the past and present” resurfaced some of her “sweetest career memories.

Getty Images
 “I laughed, I cried, I reconnected with old friends, and I made some very special new ones,” she said. “I’ve always enjoyed re-imagining my songs with different styles and audiences, as well as playing with sounds and arrangements that showcase how all music can be timeless.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)