Olivia Rodrigo will perform in Philadelphia on July 19.Martin Sylvest/Ritzau Scanpix via AP, File
Olivia Rodrigo is on her way to Philadelphia, and tri-state area fans could not be more excited.
The superstar singer is set to perform at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia on July 19, which is the first stop on the second leg of her “GUTS” world tour.
The second leg Rodrigo’s tour will wrap up on Aug. 21 in Inglewood, Calif.
PinkPantheress is set to be the opener for the Philadelphia concert.
Pit tickets start at $832 for the July 19 show at the Wells Fargo Center and go for as high as $4,579.
But, if you don’t want to spend an arm and a leg on concert tickets, we can help you find tickets at more affordable prices.
Here are the cheapest tickets at the time of publication on the secondary market for Olivia Rodrigo’s Philadelphia concert.
Read More: The cheapest Olivia Rodrigo tickets: Where to find the best prices for her final U.S. ‘GUTS’ tour dates
Cheapest Tickets: $633 on StubHub | $592 on Vivid Seats | $590 on SeatGeek
Cheapest Floor Tickets: $999 on StubHub | $845 on Vivid Seats | $873 on SeatGeek
Cheapest Mezzanine Tickets: $832 on StubHub | $739 on Vivid Seats | $815 on SeatGeek
You can find more tickets to Olivia Rodrigo’s upcoming concerts here.
Olivia Rodrigo is not the only artist heading out on a massive tour.
Here are a few more tours you do not want to miss: Nicki Minaj, Sabrina Carpenter, Noah Kahan and Childish Gambino.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices