Magi Helena (TNS)TNS
BIRTHDAY STAR: Actor Sabrina Carpenter was born in Quakertown, Pennsylvania, on this date in 1999. This birthday star portrayed Maya Hart on “Girl Meets World” from 2014 - 2017. She also voiced the role of Melissa Chase on “Milo Murphy’s Law.” Carpenter’s film resume includes roles in “Tall Girl 2,” “Emergency,” and “Clouds.” Besides acting, she also sings with her albums including the 2022 release “Emails I Can’t Send.”
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Discover your own path in life despite any fears that may be coming up. Your unique outlook could attract more attention than usual. Enjoy the special treatment and recognition that may come as a result of being your true self.
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Follow your intuition as you sort through temptations that may or may not be good for you. You may have someone special who could support you in all the endeavors and challenges that life may bring. Allow your heart to guide you.
CANCER (June 21-July 22): A spontaneous conversation may lead to a wise professional move or a profitable project. Since you could be in good harmony with your favorite person, an unexpected change of plans should be unlikely to spoil any weekend adventures.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): You may find that any advice you receive could be worth hearing especially when coming from those who may have your best interests at heart. Consider doing something out of the ordinary this weekend that may ignite your passions.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): You could desire to do something worthwhile with your dreams, keep track of inspiring ideas and distill your knowledge. String together pearls of wisdom and create something valuable you could be proud of whatever the occasion.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): A new financial concept may have the power to change your viewpoint. You might not always agree with your loved ones, but you might respect their knowledge and recognize their expertise on a variety of subjects.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): You may possess plenty of understanding and sympathy which might make it easier to accept changes or disruptions with grace. Someone might need a break, or act in unpredictable ways, but it could turn out to be to everyone’s benefit.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): You may turn your dreams into reality all while remaining close to home. Once you have completed a few tasks on your list, you might prioritize spending time working on your hobbies or enjoying the comfort of activities with your inner circle.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Your desires and goals may be waiting for more dedicated action from you; make progress by taking strategic and aligned steps forward. You may experience a yearning to break free from routines and explore something new.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Your passion for life and dedication to your dreams could be appreciated most by your loved ones. You may find it to be easy to stir up enthusiasm or gain cooperation, especially if you want to organize a gathering or unique outing for a close group.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): You may find that the doubts that once clouded your thoughts disappear when an agreement and mutual understanding is achieved. Embrace a neighborhood get together or local event and you could meet supportive allies within your community.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): It’s possible that your trusted friends and reliable companions may be on your mind just as you could be on theirs. An impulsive purchase or unexpected gift could turn out to be more enjoyable than you imagined.
IF MAY 11 IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: Your professionalism and practical expertise may shine brightly during the upcoming two to three weeks. Consider implementing key financial strategies while your common sense and skills may be at their peak. You could be impacted by emotional issues or struggle to make decisions in June. Wait until July to think about following your fantasies; perhaps take a vacation or get away for a weekend with someone close. Your social calendar could fill up quickly in August when your networking efforts could pay off with some extra invitations. Wait until late September or early October, when your reputation may be enhanced, to consider applying for a new opportunity or putting a new product out into the public view. That could be when your most attractive qualities are more obvious and you might be able to make firm commitments that reflect well on your public image.
_____
Get a free personal astrology calendar: https://bit.ly/FreeAstroCal Use code FreeAstroCalendar See best & worst days here: https://bit.ly/BWDays
©2024 Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices