World's number one Swiftie.
Getty
 Taylor Swift flew halfway across the world to see Travis Kelce win the Super Bowl with the Kansas City Chiefs, and now Kelce has returned the favor by flying halfway across the world to see his pop star girlfriend in Sydney, Australia to support her during the first Eras Tour stop in the city.

 In videos posted on X, Kelce arrived to Accor Stadium on Friday dressed in a matching blue t-shirt and shorts set with crisp white sneakers, as fans cheered him on while walking through the crowded stadium to the VIP area. The tight end kept his jewelry minimal, but of course, left plenty of room on both arms for several Swiftie friendship bracelets.

 The 34-year-old braved the elements to see Swift perform — ahead of the show, the "Anti-Hero" singer explained that there was some inclement weather affecting the show.

 After taking the stage, Swift allegedly told the crowd, "We have a little bit of a weather situation, a little bit of rain but I have never known an Aussie crowd that let anything get in the way!" according to a post on X. Later in the evening, the pop star took a moment during her set and told her fans, “You’re really making me feel like tonight I get to play a sold out show for 81,000 people in Sydney."

 Kelce's appearance at the Eras Tour comes after his and Swift's sweet date at the Sydney Zoo — with their friend and Swift's tour opener, Sabrina Carpenter, in tow — the day prior. It's currently unclear how many Eras Tour shows the footballer is planning to attend, but the months ahead are looking bright for their relationship.

 “They are making plans for the summer and are excited to travel together in Europe when Taylor takes her tour there,” a source told People, adding, "He’s ready for some downtime now and to show up for Taylor the way she has for him."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)