By Caroline Frost 
pmc-media-editor-2024

	UK band Oasis have cemented their return to stage with a number one album at the top of this week’s British music charts, a week after tickets for their reunion gigs went on sale. 

	The group’s debut album Definitely Maybe was first released 30 years ago, and a 30th anniversary edition, including outtakes and unreleased demos, has claimed the UK’s number one album spot. In addition, the top ten includes two further albums by the band, their greatest hits compilation at number three and their 1995 album (What’s the Story) Morning Glory reaching number four. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Oasis Management "Put Arrangements In Place To Prevent Liam, Noel Gallagher Warring Backstage At Gigs" - Report		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Oasis Brothers Liam, Noel Gallagher Perform In Secret In London Ahead Of Summer Concerts		
			







	The only name to disturb the band’s sweep of the top positions is Sabrina Carpenter, whose album Short ‘n’ Sweet sits at number two. She also occupies the top three positions in the country’s singles chart. 

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Fervour for all things Oasis hasn’t abated since the band announced they’d be getting back together to perform, 15 years after the warring Gallagher brothers – Noel on guitar and songwriting, Liam on vocals – finally had one tussle too many and Noel departed the band. 

	There was a backlash last Saturday when tickets for their 2025 summer concerts went on sale, but “dynamic pricing” meant prices went up in response to huge demand, and fans were forced to shelve out hundreds of pounds more than the listed price to secure their places at the gigs. 

Further dates have now been announced, and Liam responded in typical swagger to complaints on X (formerly Twitter) this week, telling one fan on Friday to “shut up” when they questioned the finances of the project. 

The BBC reports that the Competition and Markets Authority said on Thursday it would investigate the sale, to discover whether ticket agent Ticketmaster had breached consumer protection law.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.