Getty Images (2)
Sister, sister and brother, brother! While there are some seriously famous sets of twins in Hollywood (think Dylan and Cole Sprouse), there are other pairs of siblings that look so much alike they might as well just be identical.
Vanessa and Stella Hudgens, for example, may be six years apart in age, but there’s seriously no questioning whether or not they’re related. Other than looking pretty similar, the sibling duo is also closer than most. In fact, the High School Musical alum has gushed over her sister in various interviews over the years — especially when Stella flew to Scotland and surprised Vanessa on her birthday.
“I was literally talking to my producer and I was like, ‘I think I’m going to call my sister and see if she wants to come out because I miss her,’” the Princess Switch star shared on Live With Kelly and Ryan in January 2020. “I get to my trailer and I open the door, and my mom was filming me. I was like, ‘What are you doing?’ And there was a massive box — my sister pops out of a box. I was dead. [I had] no idea whatsoever. It was the greatest thing.”
They’re not the only ones who will have you doing a double take!
Sabrina Carpenter may have more than one sister, but she resembles Shannon Carpenter the most. That being said, as the youngest, she’s close with all three.
“Watching my older sisters be able to come back from things that weren’t easy for them, and especially my mom,” the songstress said of her siblings during a March 2022 interview with StyleCaster. “I look at the way I am now and I feel like a lot of it has to do with my childhood view and perception of things.”
Scroll through our gallery to see which other celebrity sibling pairs could totally pass as twins. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 23
Evan Agostini/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
We cannot believe that these two aren’t twins!
2 of 23
Instagram/Shannon Carpenter
Wow, can you believe how much Sabrina and her two sisters all look alike?!
3 of 23
Carolyn Contino/BEI/Shutterstock
Josh and his younger brother, Connor, have such similar faces!
4 of 23
Photo by Stewart Cook/Shutterstock
Wow, we cannot get over how much Sofia and Paulina resemble each other.
5 of 23
Andy Kropa/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
Nope, these two aren’t twins! Hailey is actually four years younger than Alaia.
6 of 23
Gregory Pace/BEI/Shutterstock
Woah, these two stars have the exact same look!
7 of 23
Evan Agostini/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
Is anyone else doing a triple take right now?!
8 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
We almost can’t tell Victoria and her sister, Madison, apart!
9 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
We’re seriously shook over how much these sisters resemble one another.
10 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
Despite looking like twins, Bella is actually five years younger than Dani.
11 of 23
Chelsea Lauren/Variety/Shutterstock
Between their hair and smile, these two could definitely pass as twins.
12 of 23
Shutterstock
Is anyone else shook over how much Cody and Alli look alike?
13 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
Kendall and Kylie share so many of their features!
14 of 23
MediaPunch/Shutterstock
Can we please take a moment to talk about how identical Logan and Jake look.
15 of 23
Scott Kirkland/Shutterstock
Despite contrary belief, Rico and Raini are not twins!
16 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
Dakota is four years older than her sister, Elle, but they could totally pass as twins.
17 of 23
Matt Baron/BEI/Shutterstock
These three brothers look so much alike!
18 of 23
Michael Buckner/Deadline/Shutterstock
Aside from their hair, Moisés and Mateo share so many similar features.
19 of 23
Fairchild Archive/Penske Media/Shutterstock
Wow, we’re shook over how much Jessica and Ashlee look alike, despite being four years apart.
20 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
These stars have the exact same smile!
21 of 23
Swan Gallet/WWD/Shutterstock
It’s kinda freaky that Jaden and Willow have the same exact face!
22 of 23
Broadimage/Shutterstock
We totally had to do a double take while looking at this pic of Hilary and Haylie!
23 of 23
Dave Allocca/Starpix/Shutterstock
Abigail and Spencer look so alike, they could definitely pass as twins.
Shocking Uncover All the Celebrities Who You Had No Idea Were Siblings
Impressive Celebrity Younger Siblings Who Got Famous Started Their Own Careers
OMG Brothers and Sisters! Which Celebrities Have Siblings? Family Member Photos
All In the Family Joey King Is the Latest Star to Join a Real-Life Sibling's TV Show
TOO CUTE  Celebs Who Are Sibling Goals
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved