Life&Style Writer Claudia Grocutt discusses the style of the night at the 2024 Video Music Awards
In September 2024, the Video Music Awards (VMAs) showcased music performances, iconic red-carpet moments, and nostalgic fashion looks. Prominent looks throughout the 2000s have included Lady Gaga’s meat dress, Britney Spears’ Madonna inspired outfit, and Christina Aguilera’s denim scarf look. The VMAs, which are known for musical performances that push boundaries and shape new cultural trends, are also synonymous for creating bold fashion statements.
Prominent looks throughout the 2000s have included Lady Gaga’s meat dress
This year, many artists referenced previous stars, such as Britney Spears and Madonna. Tate McRae’s red carpet outfit consisted of a black lace minidress by Roberto Cavalli that closely resembled Britney Spears’ 2001 VMA’s look. This was fitting as Tate McRae has been likened to Britney Spears due to their similarities in style of music, dancing, and fashion. Tate McRae responded to comments comparing her to Britney Spears at the VMAs noting ‘I think she’s one of the most incredible performers of the 2000s, I remember watching her as a kid. I feel very lucky that she’s seen my performances and knows my music.’
However, this was part of a broader trend at the VMAs, where several artists – including Megan Thee Stallion and Sabrina Carpenter – referenced Britney’s legacy, reinforcing how significant Spears remains in current pop culture. Megan Thee Stallion co-hosted the awards show and channelled Britney’s iconic 2001 ‘I’m a Slave 4 U’ performance by wearing an embellished forest green outfit, complete with a real-life snake. Sabrina Carpenter is also said to have referenced Spears during her performance through incorporating a swing and astronaut theme reminiscent of the ‘Oops!… I Did It Again’ video. She also paid tribute to Madonna by wearing a Bob Mackie gown similar to Madonna in 1991. However, others likened Sabrina to Marilyn Monroe due to her glamorous look and big bouncy curls. Furthermore, BLACKPINK’s Lisa subtly referenced Spears by wearing a head microphone during her performance, a style Britney made popular during her early 2000s shows.
Many artists referenced previous stars, such as Britney Spears and Madonna
Does this, therefore, reflect the current status of the VMAs or rather serve to create a connection between current artists and previous icons? By referencing iconic VMA moments, the awards show maintains its relevance in the rapidly changing landscape of music and fashion. The VMAs are evidently not just an awards show but a celebration of the history and evolution of pop culture, reinforcing its own cultural legacy. However, it is also clear that Britney Spears remains a symbol of iconic moments at the VMAs throughout the 2000s and continues to be a source of inspiration for artists across a variety of genres including pop, rap and K-Pop.
The VMAs are evidently not just an awards show but a celebration of the history and evolution of pop culture
Check out a brief roundup of the 2024 VMA’s style slays and fashion flops:
Sabrina Carpenter
Sabrina wore a vintage Bob Mackie gown which featured a sweetheart neckline with silver beaded detailing. The whole look felt very Old Hollywood glam especially when paired with voluminous curls and red lipstick.
Tate McRae
It felt very fitting for Tate to pay homage to Britney’s 2001 VMA look, especially as she regularly cites her as a source of inspiration for her music. McRae wore a sheer black lace mini dress by Roberto Cavalli paired with a smoky eye look and loose waves.
Flo Milli
Flo Milli wore a beautiful white butterfly cut out mini dress, complemented with stylish white heels and sparkly silver jewellery.
Addison Rae
Although Addison’s look was supposed to channel Madonna’s vintage looks with a white padded bra and feather tutu, it sparked mixed reactions on social media. It’s personally not one of my favourite looks of the VMAs and other styles have suited her more in the past.
Shawn Mendes
A basic black suit. Do I need to say anymore?
Taylor Swift
Although I loved Taylor’s feature in Karol G’s performance of ‘Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido’, I didn’t love her tartan look this year. The Christian Dior gown featured a black and yellow plaid corset and dramatic train. This look felt very different from Taylor’s typical award show outfits, but it just wasn’t as show-stopping as other VMAs looks this year.
Read more from Life&Style:
TikTok ‘Brain Rot’: How TikTok Is Changing The Way Gen Z Speaks
The Secret to Hello Kitty’s Half-Century of Success: Celebrating 50 Years of a Global Icon
Advice From a Third Year for Soon-To-Be ‘Silly Freshers’
Life&Style Writer Alistair Porteous shines a light on Vogue's shallow and lacklustre journalism
TV Editor Jasmine Davies discusses the fine line between fan interest, parasocial relationships, and celebrity obsession
Life and Style's writer Ellen Campbell reflects on Sarah Jessica Parker's most iconic looks in celebration of the star's sixtieth birthday 
Music Critic Soliyana Pellicer Alemayehu reviews Bad Bunny's newest album, 'DeBí TiRAR MáS FOToS', discussing the album's blending of old and new aspects of Puerto Rican culture
Music Critic Simran Seera reviews K-pop band Stray Kids' EP, Mixtape: dominATE, discussing the musical variety and reflections on fame and success present
In their new collaborative single, Lauv and LANY's voices blend seamlessly together to narrate the story of a one-sided relationship, Music Critic Chloe Hyde writes