Love Island sensation Tasha Ghouri is turning heads as the top contender to snatch the Strictly Come Dancing glitterball, partnering with pro dancer Aljaz Skorjanec. The dazzling duo left audiences speechless with their September Cha Cha performance to Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso and gracefully glided through a Viennese Waltz in the following week. The dynamic 26-year-old is preparing to sway hearts with a Rumba for Movie Week this Saturday, set to Billie Eilish's track What Was I Made For, in an enchanting Barbie-themed display. And while her post-Strictly future shines bright, the 2024 hopeful appears to already bask in financial success.
After appearing on Love Island, Tasha, alongside beau Andrew Le Page, was tipped by The Sun to be worth a cool £1 million thanks to lucrative deals with high-profile brands such as Mugler. Moreover, Tasha was named eBay's inaugural advocate for second-hand fashion, teaming with Cadbury Fingers and the National Deaf Children's Society advocating for British Sign Language education.
In a major move in September 2022, Tasha became L'Oreal's new brand ambassador, bagging a deal that's said to run into hundreds of thousands, prompting her to share on Instagram Stories (reported by The Daily Mail ): "I'm now an official UK ambassador for L'Oreal Paris. So excited for this." And it didn't stop there endorsements kept rolling as Tasha inked a contract with Simmi Shoes just days later and not long after, took to Instagram again to showcase her collaboration with LookFantastic.
Two years down the line, Tasha's fortune has skyrocketed to a staggering £2 million, as she's nabbed herself 1.4 million Instagram fans and nearly one million TikTok followers. Word on the street is that Tasha could be raking in up to £3,000 for each sponsored insta-shot and around £1,200 per TikTok video, The Mirror reports. She's even bagged a juicy £50,000 just for snapping pics for a brand and sharing them with the world. OK! Magazine has been hot on the trail trying to get a word from Tasha Ghouri's reps.
In an exclusive chinwag with OK!, Tasha spilled the tea on her and her beau Andrew's plans or lack thereof for starting a family. "In all honesty? We're really enjoying what we have now. Andrew's my main man, he's always held my hand. We're not putting pressure on ourselves to think about a family any time soon. For us, we're enjoying refurbishing our house, living in the moment and making memories," she dished out candidly.
Tasha added with a sparkle, "When the time comes, we'll have that conversation. Right now I am doing this, and am absolutely loving being Strictlyfied!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.