Pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter has been making waves in the fragrance world with her Sweet Tooth perfume line, which reportedly sells a bottle every two minutes at Superdrug. Following the success of her first scent, she launched Caramel Dream, which was equally well-received by shoppers.
Now, the singer has added a third fragrance to her collection - Cherry Baby, which sadly doesn't smell like espresso! This playful and romantic scent is set to become a must-have for fans. If you're interested, here's what you need to know. 
READ MORE: Armani's 2024 beauty advent calendar is worth over £545 but costs hundreds less
READ MORE: Face The Future's Let It Glow Edit offers £612 worth of luxury beauty products for just £99
The new fragrance launched on 9 October and is priced at £25 for 30ml or £40 for 75ml, the same as the other scents in the range.
 Cherry Baby features notes of cherries and chocolate for a sophisticated and romantic aroma, while red poppy and peony add a flirty twist. Vanilla orchid accords bring a sensual undertone, reports the Mirror. 
Perfect for day or night, this latest addition to Sabrina's line is set to become your next go-to fragrance for all occasions. If you're on the hunt for the perfect perfume to dazzle during the festive party season, look no further! You can exclusively snap up Sabrina's latest hit, Sweet Tooth fragrance, at Superdrug. 
If you've not been clued in on the buzz around Sabrina's other scents, let us tell you, Sweet Tooth is still flying off the shelves for good reason – it's a fan favourite with heaps of 5-star reviews on Superdrug's site.
One happy shopper shared: "I've been searching for a nice perfume for ages and finally found this one! It's sweet like vanilla and candy floss yet doesn't smell overwhelming or childish. The packaging is also beautiful and it's such a great bargain!!" Another satisfied customer exclaimed: "This is such a beautiful feminine fragrance, it lasts all day, I have had so many compliments."
Over on Amazon, Caramel Dream is causing quite the sensation too, with customers lining up to praise it as their new go-to scent. A delighted buyer raved: "I love the smell of this! I would recommend it more for fall weather though, it's very warm and cosy. It's not as sweet-smelling as I thought it would be, but I love it anyway. The scent lasts all day on my skin. Also great price for the size of the product. Packaging is so cute as well, love the chocolate bar bottle."
And the praise keeps on coming, as another delighted shopper shared: "This smell was perfect for me, for anyone who couldn't get behind her first scent this one will entice you! While her first scent was very innocent and sweet smelling this one is more musky, rich, and mature! I love this scent and have gotten compliments on it! Worth, worth, worth a shot! The packaging is also sooo cute for display, adore this perfume!" 
Although Cherry Baby hasn't received any reviews yet, a fan excitedly posted on X (once known as Twitter): "This is the cherry on top of an already perfect Sabrina Summer" - they definitely intended that pun. 
Plus, another eager fan chimed in with: "Never bought something so fast in my life! Can't wait to try it out!" 
Dash over to Superdrug now to grab the 'Espresso' singer's new sensation - and while you're there, why not check out her full Sweet Tooth collection? You can buy the Sweet Tooth EDP right here for £39.99 or treat yourself to Caramel Dream at the same price.