Posted in: ABC, Disney+, Hulu, Preview, TV | Tagged: ABC, dick clark, new year's even, rockin eve, ryan seacrest
When does it start? How can I watch? Who's performing? A viewing guide to ABC's Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2024.
With only hours left to go in 2023, it's time to gather around our screens for ABC's Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2024 for 5-1/2 hours of music performances, guests, and drop-in looks at New Year's celebrations around the globe. But just in case you're not sure when it's kicking off, who's performing, and how you can go about checking it out, we're passing along a viewers' guide to the Ryan Seacrest-hosted 52nd edition of the year-end tradition. Along with the intel that you need, we've also included some of Seacrest's recent interviews previewing the big night.
When Does "Rockin' Eve" Start? ABC's Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2024 kicks off on Sunday, December 31, live on ABC beginning at 8 pm ET.
How Can I Watch? In addition to airing on ABC, the year-end event will be streaming on Hulu + Live TV. Also, a number of internet-based live TV streaming services (like DirecTV and Fubo) that carry ABC will also be streaming the special. If you're a cable subscriber, you can also check out "Rockin' Eve" by heading on over to ABC.com or the app to sign in with your cable account information. On the radio side, 150 iHeartRadio stations nationwide will air the special – which will also be available on the iHeartRadio app.
Who's Joining Ryan Seacrest on the Main Stage? With Seacrest hosting the main stage, we have Jeannie Mai hosting the Hollywood party in the Pacific Time zone and Dayanara Torres returning as co-host from Puerto Rico's Convention Center for the Spanish language countdown. Aqua, Doechii, Ellie Goulding, Green Day, Janelle Monáe, Loud Luxury x Two Friends with Bebe Rexha, Ludacris, Nile Rodgers & CHIC, Paul Russell, Reneé Rapp with Coco Jones, Thirty Seconds to Mars, K-Pop group NewJeans, Post Malone, Ivy Queen, and Cardi B will help ring out the year.
Who's Going to Be in NYC Times Square? Host Rita Ora is set to be joined by Megan Thee Stallion, Jelly Roll, Sabrina Carpenter, Tyla, and LL Cool J (featuring DJ Z-Trip). In addition, content creator Airrack will wrap up his current 30 Videos in 30 Days series with a shot at the Guinness World Record for visiting the most fast-food restaurants across NYC in 24 hours – but only by visiting counter-service pizza shops.
How About Some Laughter with Your Music? In addition, a killer lineup of comedians will be on hand to offer their takes on the past year – including Gabriel "Fluffy" Iglesias, Matt Friend, Ms. Pat, and Sebastian Maniscalco.
Now, here's a look at a number of the famous faces that will be gracing our screens tonight, sharing their thoughts on the new year and what watching "Rockin' Eve" has meant to them over the years:
The Official Stuff: ABC's Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest is the preeminent destination for viewers to ring in the new year. Hosted by Ryan Seacrest live from Times Square, the show celebrates the year's very best in music, featuring a night of superstar performances. Wrapping up the holiday season, far and away, the nation's most-watched New Year's Eve celebration will give viewers a look at New Year's celebrations from around the globe.
How Do I Follow on Social Media? You can follow the festivities on Facebook, X, Instagram, TikTok, and Threads, join the conversation with #RockinEve, and get the latest news and updates at NewYearsRockinEve.com.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!