Digital Trends may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site. Why trust us?
You finally succumbed to the warm and crackly sound of vinyl, bought yourself a great turntable, stereo receiver, and some sweet, sweet speakers, so now what?
Well, now comes the fun part — it's time to start building your vinyl collection. The plastic discs are more popular than ever, and have been the number one physical music media format for several years now, outselling CDs. But now that you can buy records everywhere from Amazon to Target to the thousands of independent record stores all over the country, there are definitely some tricks, dos, and don'ts that we've learned along the way that can help you buy records and build your collection, and keep it properly maintained.
Turntable or record player
Records to play
Anti-static brush, cleaning device
Proper storage setup
Here is our top-to-bottom (er, side A-to-B?) guide covering everything from how to buy and hook up a quality turntable to proper vinyl cleaning and storage, right down to some minor tweaks you can make to your gear to improve its sound.
Record collecting definitely looks a lot different now then it did when our parents and their parents were doing it. While it's encouraging and beautiful to see more and more mom and pop record shops opening up and thriving all over the U.S. (and the world), buying new and used vinyl online is also a great and convenient way to add to your collection.
If you do have the opportunity to go for a dig at your local record store, though, there’s no better way to explore the world of vinyl. Not only is it a way to embrace your newfound community and support local businesses, but you’ll not find a better source of information and inspiration than from the vinyl heads at record stores. You’ll find that they’re always up for geeking out about the latest reissues, the selection of classics in their used record bins, or the rare pressings you’ve been looking for. Don’t be afraid to tell them what you’re into or ask them what else they think you might like. You might just find a new favorite band or record.
As for used records, there is an art to selecting good ones. We don’t mean by title; instead, by the quality and condition of the vinyl itself. There is a universally-accepted vinyl grading system you’ll often find referenced in record stores, with those selling vinyl privately, and with larger online resources such as Discogs.com, which is the most well-known online record-selling, -cataloging, and -trading platform out there. That grading label system is as follows:
Poor (P) or Fair (F): Pretty self-explanatory — this is a record in bad condition and usually has scratches, skips, warps in the vinyl that are often audible, noise, and other imperfections. Unless it’s in a dollar bin, take a pass on this vinyl.
Good (G) or Good+ (G+): Not quite as straightforward as it sounds, a G grading doesn’t always mean good. Discogs describe this rating as a record that can be played without skipping but could have scratches, surface noise, or visible groove wear. The sleeve is likely split, cracked, or held together with tape.
Very Good (VG): It’s common for VG-graded records to have some surface noise, groove wear, and light scratches that will be audible when played, but usually only during softer parts.
Very Good+ (VG+): Usually taken good care of by their previous owners, a VG+ record could have some light wear and surface defects that are usually inaudible. Unless it’s a rare record at a good price that you must have, VG+ should be the baseline that you strive for with used records.
Near Mint (NM or M-): This is basically any record other than a new one that has likely never been played or only been played a handful of times and will play perfectly. It should have no signs of wear, and its packaging should be untouched.
Mint (M): These are perfect vinyl records, having either never been played or potentially even still factory sealed. Used record retailers rarely label their records with the Mint grading.
That said, when checking out the condition of a used record, don’t just take the grading label at face value — you don’t know how good that High Fidelity Jack Black wannabe’s read on record quality is; look for yourself by taking the record out and visually inspecting it.
Look past the dust for deep scratches or particularly long ones you can feel with your finger as you run it across the grooves. If you’re just not sure, most record stores will have a listening station set up, so use it and decide for yourself if it’s up to par. If not, try another copy, or look for that title elsewhere. If the record just looks dirty, you can ask the store to clean it for you. If they have a cleaning machine, they’ll often do it free of charge.
Speaking of looking for different copies of your favorite records, be on the lookout for bootleg versions of records. They’re usually the really cheap ones, and they can be awesome — or they can be terrible. You can sometimes tell by their lighter-than-normal weight, but you can also always ask at the counter. Typically, this simple rule will help you sniff out bootleg vinyl: If it seems too good to be true when it comes to a golden find, it’s probably not an original pressing.
If it’s a quality bootleg, it can be a real steal, but you should always try to give it a listen for yourself if there is a listening station available.
With the growth of the vinyl market, most record labels big and small offer their artist’s work in vinyl and have been busy repressing their back catalogs. There’s a seemingly never-ending selection of newly-minted box sets, anniversary special editions with never-released music, and all manner of colored versions with splatters and textures to choose from to draw you in. It truly is a music lover’s paradise, if you’re into that sort of thing.
These days, you don’t have to go anywhere to find your favorite band’s vinyl. Though we still recommend checking out vinyl in person before purchasing, there are solid online resources. For new vinyl, we first recommend checking out the online ordering options for your local record stores. They often have great selections of new and used vinyl, and you can even give them a call before you buy if you have questions about a certain record.
Otherwise, Amazon has a surprisingly good selection at standard prices, often with free shipping. For used records online, check out the aforementioned Discogs. A fantastic resource for researching records in general — it’s a deep rabbit hole, believe us — Discogs can help you find some of the rarest “holy grail” gems on your list, with marketplace options that span sellers across the globe. Want that rare Best Of Radiohead box set and are willing to pay the shipping costs to get it to you from Japan? Discogs is your best bet.
So you’ve just gotten your vinyl haul home, and you’re ready to light up your favorite speakers with the sweet analog sounds of that Beatles Let it Be pressing you’ve been seeking out for months. We’re excited too, but don’t just slip that slick disc out of its cover and drop the needle right away. Before you play them, you should always clean your records.
You have no idea how well any used record was kept over its lifetime, and even brand new records have a residue left over from the pressing factory. You want none of this stuff touching your turntable’s stylus (needle). There are a number of ways to clean a record, some of them totally automated and using sophisticated ultrasonic devices such as the toaster-like Degritter (pictured above), others very hands-on like the manual and readily-available Spin Clean. To help you out, we put together this excellent guide on how to clean your records.
Now that your collection is clean, they’re ready to play. If you already have a record-playing rig you love, then congratulations! But if you’re starting from scratch or looking to upgrade, you have some decisions to make.
There are several different types of turntables out there, and many of them are now conveniently available in what used to be very unlikely places. The resurgence of vinyl is seeing turntables being sold at mega-stores like Target and Walmart. But don't do that. If you want to experience all the warmth and detail vinyl has to offer, and make sure your records are treated right, you’ll want to make a small investment into something with a bit better quality — you'll thank us later.
While you will find some decent affordable turntables at budget stores, we highly recommend staying away from the many all-in-one style turntables with built-in amplification and speakers. These will get you playing immediately with minimal effort. However, you’re limited by the weak amp and small speakers found in these products, and none of the parts, like tonearms, cartridges, or styluses, are upgradeable. The portable convenience may be good in a pinch, but not a treat for your ears.
For just a little bit more cash, you can get yourself a significantly better turntable with quality, upgradeable parts that will last you for years to come — or at least until your obsession grows and you start mortgaging your house to fund it. We’re kidding (sort of), but let’s stick to keeping your wallet safe as you get started with our recommendation for the best budget turntable out there, the $249 Audio-Technica AT LP70X. If you'd prefer to go wireless, Bluetooth turntables are also getting more popular. They can be paired with your existing Bluetooth speakers and headphones as well as wired like traditional turntables. Check out our guide on why you should or shouldn't get a Bluetooth turntable.
Every turntable is outfitted with a cartridge — the main device at the end of the tonearm that houses the stylus and delivers the sound from the record to your chosen sound system). A good cartridge can make or break a turntable, and making sure you get a turntable that has a cartridge, or at least a stylus, that you can upgrade as you grow, is important. Step-up cartridge brands such as Ortofon, Shure, Grado, or Rega can change the whole sound of your turntable.
There are several ways to get the sweet vinyl sounds off your records and into your ears, and they each rely on your needs, budget, and how discerning you are with the audio you want to hear. Chances are, if you’re reading this, you’re just starting your vinyl journey, so a $30,000 audiophile system isn’t likely in your purview (yet).
For most newbs, a decent turntable with a built-in phono pre-amp and a pair of sweet powered speakers is all you need to fill a room with music. If you’re a Sonos person and also love your digital streaming setup, with the addition of a relatively inexpensive external phono pre-amp, you can connect a turntable to your Sonos setup a for a whole new avenue of music. There are even several turntables from a company called Victrola that make "Works With Sonos" certified turntables that can stream your vinyl over Wi-Fi.
If you already have a stereo receiver or integrated amp or AV receiver, see if it has a phono input. Newer stereo receivers typically have them built in, but if not, using an above-mentioned phono pre-amp to boost the turntable’s signal — unless the turntable also has a pre-amp built-in — can even improve your sound quality over a built-in phono port.
Some turntables, like the Audio-Technica AT-LP120, also include USB outputs for archiving vinyl into digital audio files.
As we said, there are loads of ways to listen to your new record collection. We recommend starting somewhere based on your budget while looking for components that allow you to upgrade later, because, believe us, once you get the vinyl bug it’s just upwards from there.
We talked above about cleaning your used records before giving them a spin, but arguably more important is the regular cleaning habits you should adopt to keep your records and your turntable’s ever-important stylus in tip-top shape. This will help them to both perform better and last longer. We have a full explainer on how to properly drop the needle on your records you should check out, too.
Carbon fiber, anti-static brush
One of the most essential pieces of gear for any record collector, running an anti-static brush around your records before and after each spin will help reduce dust buildup on your stylus and in the grooves of your records that can damage both over time. You can find them at any record store and they’re readily available on Amazon for under $20.
Gel pad stylus cleaner
Ideal and accurate sound reproduction depends on there being good contact between the stylus tip and the grooves of the record. Dust and dirt accumulation on your stylus gets in the way of this contact. We recommend keeping your stylus clean with either a traditional stylus brush or, as we’ve found to work best, a gel pad-style cleaner like this ZeroDust cleaner from Oznow. Just lower your stylus onto the sticky gel pad that will gently pull any dust and debris from it and the surrounding cartridge surface.
Check out our roundup of the best turntable accessories you might be able to use, too.
How you store your records isn’t just important for preservation, it’s an opportunity to build something that looks really, really cool.
But first, we just have to say: Do not use milk crates. Long have they been used by DJ’s to cart their wax back and forth from clubs, but rest assured they’re a sub-par record storage method for a number of reasons, including sharp edges that like to tear up sleeves and the tendency to flex under a heavy load, potentially warping records. That, and if you’re keeping your records in a visible area in your home, like a living room or media room, they just look bad.
For home storage, any number of shelving options will work, but one of the most popular options comes from our Swedish friends at Ikea: The Kallax Shelving Unit. While the Kallax isn’t as robustly built as its Expedit ancestor (no longer available), this solution should last for many years with care. Plus, they’re the perfect size and modular, so you can put one in a little nook or build an entire wall full of wax.
For portable vinyl storage, there’s a big selection of compact wooden crates designed specifically for carrying vinyl anywhere. Some even double as stackable storage at home until you graduate to a larger furniture solution like mentioned above.
Also, don’t forget that anti-static inner sleeves are imperative for keeping your records from building up damaging static electricity. These sleeves from Mobile Fidelity are outstanding. You might even consider plastic outer sleeves (you can usually get these free with purchase at most record stores) to keep dust off your records and prevent their covers from rubbing together as your record shelves fill up. Finally, always store your vinyl in a climate-controlled environment, well away from any heat sources. Definitely don’t leave your vinyl in a car — like, ever.
In case you weren’t aware, headphones are an awesome way to experience vinyl. The intimate listening setup brings you closer to the details and dynamics records have to offer (and, yes, to potential pops and clicks, but that’s part and parcel). Next time you want to really check out a record, bust out a killer pair of headphones and dig in.
Finally, if you want to get really serious, consider having a professional set up your turntable for you. A turntable setup involves setting the tracking force exactly, calibrating the tonearm’s position and counterbalance, adjusting the turntable’s speed, as well as making sure everything is level. Of course, if you’re up for it, you can get your own tools and do it yourself!
Now get out there, get some records, and get listening!
Compared to a lot of other devices that Digital Trends reviews on a regular basis, testing out the newest and best turntables can be capricious. While modern turntables have become much more user-friendly and plug-and-play compared to your dad's old-school deck, many still have delicate moving parts that often require assembly and fine-tuning, which can make the review process tricky, but also a lot of fun. There's also a bigger range of turntables available now than ever before -- some are well worth the money, some are not, and we don't want you to waste your hard-earned cash on the latter.
From tonearms, headshells, and cartridges to plinths, platters, and styluses (styli?), here's how we put a turntable to the test.
In the box
You don't need to be an audiophile to get into the charm of vinyl records, and you certainly don't need to go bankrupt doing it. The notion is something that UK audio makers Mixx is banking on with its new Revival 55, a retro-styled all-in-one record player in a suitcase the company unveiled today that's perfect for vinyl newcomers or casual spinners, and costs an easy $100.
The compact record player is all about retro style, coming in black, cream, green, pink, and turquoise pastel colors, all wrapped in a protective PU (polyurethane) leather. Its chrome-plated buckles add some extra nostalgia to the design, and snap the lid shut making it easy to tote the diminutive player around.
It’s tiny, has a stylus made of plastic, and its wow and flutter is probably off the charts, but if you’re a vinyl nerd or a turntable nut like we are, then you’re going to want this cool retro Lego record player set that the brick masters are offering as a gift this weekend as part of its Insiders Weekend.
As part of Lego’s popular gift event that takes place November 23 and 24, members of the company’s Insiders club can get access to several “gift-with-purchase” sets, including the Retro Record Player, that can be had for free if you spend $250 or more.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.