There's something for everyone with the reunion of No Doubt, Blur, Ice Spice, Sublime, Victoria Monét, and tons more.
 The second weekend of Coachella kicked off Friday, but you don't have to head to the California desert to catch favorite performers, reuniting bands, and the buzzy sets everyone will be talking about. The festival will stream performances from various stages Friday through Sunday, which you can watch right here.

 Whether you're hoping to see Lana Del Rey, Blur, Doja Cat, or the No Doubt reunion, each set from six of the festival's eight stages will be live on your phone or in your living room.

 Here's how to stream the second weekend of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, which starts Friday, April 19 at 4 p.m. PT/7 p.m. ET, as well as details on when to catch EW's most-anticipated Coachella sets.

John Shearer/Getty
 Anyone heading to Coachella must spend time mapping out the sets they'll catch since artists perform simultaneously on different stages. It's the same deal for anyone watching Coachella at home.

 Six stages will stream live on the festival's YouTube account — all available at the bottom of this post. Viewers have to pick and choose the sets that are absolutely essential, moving between the stages just like attendees. However, for the first time, YouTube is offering a multi-view stream. It allows viewers to watch four sets simultaneously with the ability to move between the audio from any of those four streams. Though, multi-view will only be available through the YouTube app on TV.

 If you miss a set, each day's stream will start over from the beginning on a loop until the following day's stream begins. See below for who is performing each day and how to tune in.

getty (3)
 Coachella doesn't start small — or do anything small, really. Lana Del Rey headlines the opening night, hitting the Coachella Stage at 11:20 p.m. PT. Though, there is plenty to get excited about earlier in the day. Lil Uzi Vert will grace the Coachella Stage a few hours before Del Rey, with the Barack Obama-approved chart-topper Peso Pluma performing between them.

 It's a big night for fans of female singer-songwriters. Unfortunately, there is a lot of overlap between the set times for Chappell Roan, Faye Webster, Brittany Howard, and Sabrina Carpenter, the first former Disney Channel star to have an official Coachella set.

 Friday will also feature Justice closing out the Outdoor Theatre, for anyone looking to create an at-home dance party. They're preceded by John Summit and Dom Dolla's Everything Always project. So, it's a dance party all night. (Summit and Dolla will have individual sets later in the weekend.)

 Also on offer is Ateez, the first K-pop boy group to hit Coachella. Another first happens shortly after the gates open when Cimafunk becomes the first Cuban-born artist to play Coachella. Elsewhere, fans can catch Chloë Bailey, Deftones, Suki Waterhouse, Young Miko, and Tinashe.

getty (3)
 While Tyler, the Creator headlines Saturday's sets — and always puts on a good show — the schedule is loaded with must-see performances. (During weekend one, Tyler brought out special guests Donald Glover, Charlie Wilson, and Kali Uchis.)

 The biggest event of the day may be the reunion of No Doubt. Coachella marks the first time since 2015 that Gwen Stefani's '90s alt-ska group will take the stage together. (The band was joined by Olivia Rodrigo last weekend.)

 The day also features Blur, Ice Spice (previously joined by Taylor Swift), and a special set from Sublime, the '90s Southern California group that had its legacy-defining moment before the 1996 death of frontman Bradley Nowell. They've since performed as Sublime With Rome, featuring vocalist Rome Ramirez. The final album of the "With Rome" era comes out soon, but the new era is already getting going. Original members Bud Gaugh and Eric Wilson are reuniting with Nowell's son, Jakob Nowell, who will perform with them at Coachella.

 French electronic innovator Gesaffelstein will close out the Outdoor Theatre on Saturday. He has a reputation for pulling out all the stops live, and his 2019 performance at Coachella is still talked about today.

 Other enticing Saturday sets include Jack Antonoff's Bleachers, Grimes, Jon Batiste, Orbital, Raye, and the buzzy U.K. group, The Last Dinner Party.

getty (3)
 Coachella will not go out with a whimper. Sunday is another stacked day, that gives hip-hop fans a lot to love. Doja Cat headlines, closing down the Coachella Stage at 10:25 p.m. PT. There will also be sets from J Balvin (who was joined by Will Smith to perform "Men in Black" last weekend), Lil Yachty, and the newly-engaged Kid Cudi.

 Victoria Monét, fresh off a Grammy win for Best New Artist, will get a lot of attention in a 6:55 p.m. PT slot on the Mojave Stage.

 Mean Girls star Reneé Rapp will hit the Outdoor Theater at 5:05 p.m. PT after making a big splash weekend one, including bringing out Kesha to sing "TiK ToK" with the updated lyrics, "Wake up in the morning / Like, f--- P. Diddy!"

 The day also features performances from Bebe Rexha, Tems, Taking Back Sunday, Jhené Aiko, Khruangbin, and Bob Marley's grandson, YG Marley, whose parents are Lauryn Hill and Rohan Marley.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)