We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
 "Such a strong, independent lady."
Barry Keoghan has shared a rare comment about his popstar girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter.
The Saltburn actor was asked about his relationship with Carpenter during a recent appearance on The Louis Theroux Podcast, to which he laughed: "Oh, I knew you'd do this."
Keoghan went on to say that he feels "incredibly blessed" to be dating the 'Espresso' singer, adding: "Such a strong, independent lady who's massively talented and yeah, pretty special."
Related: Best streaming services in 2024
The couple were reported to have started dating at the end of last year, before making their red carpet debut together at the Met Gala in May. Keoghan also starred in the music video for Carpenter's song 'Please Please Please' earlier this summer. 
Carpenter is currently on a sold-out tour for her sixth studio album Short n' Sweet, with Keoghan recently attending the singer’s concerts in North Carolina and Virginia (via Elle). 
Meanwhile, Keoghan will soon be back on the big screen in Andrea Arnold's Bird, which we described in our review as one of the best British movies of 2024.
Related: Barry Keoghan responds to online criticism about his personal life
The film, which arrives in UK cinemas on November 8, follows 12-year-old Bailey, who lives in a squat in Kent with her dad Bug and brother Hunter.
However, Bug's negligence leads Bailey to seek "attention and adventure" elsewhere, leading her to cross paths with the mysterious Bird. 
Keoghan will also star in the eagerly-awaited Peaky Blinders movie, alongside fellow newcomers Rebecca Ferguson, Tim Roth and Jay Lycurgo.
It still hasn't been confirmed who Keoghan is playing, but a recent first look from Netflix teases that his character could be one of Tommy Shelby's gang.
Bird is released in UK cinemas on November 8. Netflix's Peaky Blinders movie does not yet have a release date.
Freelance Reporter, Digital Spy After completing her joint honours degree in Journalism and English Literature at Cardiff University, Iona joined Digital Spy as a Content Production Intern in 2022. In that role, Iona wrote across both news and features, specialising in TV and movies. Following her internship, Iona now contributes to DS as a freelance reporter. 
 Iona has reported from the Black Adam red carpet, and interviewed celebrities ranging from Love Island stars to the cast of Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid.
Hugh Jackman’s sheep mystery movie gets update
Popular crime series cancelled after five seasons
Lorraine Kelly reveals she’s having surgery
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.