Childish Gambino will perform at the Barclays Center on Aug. 26-27.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Childish Gambino is on his way to Brooklyn, N.Y. this weekend, and fans are ready for the best concert weekend of their lives.
Fans can catch Donald Glover in Brooklyn, N.Y. at the Barclays Center on Aug. 26-27, which means two chances, two nights in a row, to catch the star performer live.
To make this deal even more amazing, is that ticket prices are starting at just $71, and are probably going to get snatched up quick.
If you want to score these tickets, then here is everything you need to know.
The cheapest ticket available at the time of publication for Childish Gambino’s Barclays Center show on Aug. 26, before fees, is $75 on Vivid Seats. The most expensive ticket on the market for this show is $6,321.
For the Barclays Center show on Aug. 27, the cheapest ticket available at the time of publication is $71 on Vivid Seats, with the most expensive ticket also being $1,183.
You can also check out other secondary sites, such as StubHub and SeatGeek, to find the cheapest tickets out there. Between the four secondary sites, cheap ticket prices range between $71 and $98.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Childish Gambino’s tour dates is available here.
Childish Gambino’s “The New World Tour” began on Aug. 11 in Oklahoma City and will wrap up in the U.S. in Chicago on Oct. 3.
Fans can expect to hear many hits, such as “IV. Sweatpants,” “V. 3005,” “Feels Like Summer,” that will get them dancing and singing all night long.
Plus, opening for Childish Gambino for the duration of the tour is Willow and Amaarae.
If you are planning on getting tickets to the Barclays Center show and are also an AMEX cardholder, then you can access the American Express Card Member Entrance, which allows you to skip the line and enter the arena before non-AMEX cardmembers. Cardholders can also get 10% off on food and drinks at concession stands and two free drinks, including alcoholic beverages, in the 40/40 Club and Modelo Bar.
Childish Gambino is not the only artist heading to Barclays Center while on tour.
Here are a few other upcoming tours you won’t want to miss: Sabrina Carpenter, Usher, Peso Pluma and Don Toliver.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices