By 

	Ethan Shanfeld


	Tyler, the Creator has pulled out of his headlining sets at this year’s Lollapalooza and Outside Lands music festivals.

	“i hate saying this but i have to cancel lollapalooza and outside lands,” he wrote on X, formerly Twitter. “i made a commitment that i can no longer keep, and that bums me out knowing how excited folks were. that is not sexy at all. please please forgive me or call me names when you see me in person. love.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Jean Marsh, Emmy Winner and 'Upstairs, Downstairs' Co-Creator, Dies at 90		
			








	Lollapalooza replaced Tyler with Megan Thee Stallion, and Outside Lands swapped him with Sabrina Carpenter, both fests quickly announced on X.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	The “See You Again” rapper did not provide a specific reason for the cancellations.
i hate saying this but i have to cancel lollapalooza and outside lands.i made a commitment that i can no longer keep, and that bums me out knowing how excited folks were.that is not sexy at all. please please forgive me or call me names when you see me in person. love

	Tyler was the first-billed artist on both lineups, set to co-headline the first night of Chicago’s Lollapalooza with Hozier and listed atop the Killers, Sturgill Simpson and the Postal Service on the lineup for San Francisco’s Outside Lands.

	Lollapalooza will take place Aug. 1-4 at Chicago’s Grant Park. Outside Lands is set one week later, from Aug. 9-11, at San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park.

	Tyler, the Creator last headlined Lollapalooza and Outside Lands in 2021, in support of his album “Call Me if You Get Lost.” In April, he headlined Coachella shortly after the release of the expanded “Call Me if You Get Lost: The Estate Sale.” During his headlining Coachella set, he brought out Childish Gambino, A$AP Rocky, Charlie Wilson and Kali Uchis. 

	“Tyler is a master conceptualizer, and knows how to toy with the various frequencies of his stage, dimming the lights for reflective moments and dancing around shooting flames during more electrified songs,” Variety‘s Steven J. Horowitz wrote of the performance. “But beyond all the bells and whistles of the production, Tyler controls the spotlight. It’s impossible to take your eyes off of him, and throughout the 80-minute closing set of the day, the energy — of both Tyler and the audience — never waned, even when he took a few moments to pause and collect himself between songs (or, at one point, to eat a sandwich while sitting in front of a green tent midway through ‘IFHY’).”
The Business of Entertainment