Advertisement
Strictly Come Dancing professional Amy Dowden topped the judges’ leaderboard as she made her return to the series.
The 34-year-old Welsh dancer, who missed out on having a celebrity partner because of her breast cancer treatment last year, was awarded 31 points from the judges for her waltz to When I Need You by singer Leo Sayer with JLS member JB Gill.
Dowden, who disclosed her cancer diagnosis in May 2023, which was followed by chemotherapy and a mastectomy, said: “I am so happy I could burst.”
Head judge Shirley Ballas told the dancer: “Amy, you’re home where you belong and I have to say that choreography was absolutely outstanding.”
During last weekend’s launch show professionals performed a celebratory dance to mark Dowden’s return.
DIY SOS star Nick Knowles, who was celebrating his 62nd birthday, and his dance partner, Luba Mushtuk, opened this week’s show with a jive to We Built This City by Starship.
Judge Anton Du Beke said they were “uplifting” and added that he felt “elated” after watching their performance, which scored 18 points from the judges.
After, Knowles was given a cake from professional dancer Carlos Gu who appeared in a hi-vis jacket and builder’s hat and grabbed a piece of the cake to push into Knowles’ face.
Elsewhere former field hockey player Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin performed a foxtrot to Where Did Our Love Go by The Supremes.
Quek, who was given 23 points by the judges, was told by Motsi Mabuse that she was “shining” while Ballas told her she had “attitude”.
Former X Factor winner Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu danced the samba to Do I Do by Stevie Wonder and earned a score of 21.
Judge Craig Revel Horwood said, as a samba, the performance “failed miserably”.
He added: “It was more like a salsa. I think you’re going to do great during the salsa. This, for me, didn’t go far enough into the world of samba.”
Singer Toyah Willcox and dancer Neil Jones performed a tango to Ray Of Light by Madonna which was also criticised by Revel Horwood and received the lowest score of the episode – 12 points.
Love Island’s first deaf contestant, Tasha Ghouri, was given 30 points from the judges after her performance with dance partner Aljaz Skorjanec.
The reality star appeared on top of a giant coffee cup as she began her performance with Skorjanec, who has returned to the show after a two-year hiatus.
They danced the cha cha to Sabrina Carpenter’s number-one hit Espresso and Skorjanec said it was a “beautiful moment” to see Ghouri take off her cochlear implant towards the end of the dance so they could “feel one another and just dance together”.
Ballas told Ghouri: “You are on your way to having one of the most spectacular leg actions I think I’ve ever seen on the show.”
Reality star and podcast host Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal danced the paso doble to Breathe by electronic dance music band The Prodigy.
Wicks, in an all-black outfit, and Przystal were given 17 points from the judges.
Miranda star Sarah Hadland and last year’s Strictly winner Vito Coppola were awarded 30 points after their dance to Dolly Parton’s 9 To 5.
Co-host Claudia Winkleman said this was the highest score a quickstep had received in week one and Ballas said Hadland had “great frame” and “great footwork”.
Also taking to the dance floor was Olympic gold medallist Tom Dean and Nadiya Bychkova who danced the tango to Harry Styles’s song Golden which received 23 points.
Strictly’s first blind contestant, comedian Chris McCausland, was told he was “fabulous” after his performance with professional dancer Dianne Buswell which received 23 points from the judges.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by BBC Strictly (@bbcstrictly)
Meanwhile Morning Live’s Dr Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez were given 19 points after they danced the cha cha to Love At First Sight by Australian pop star Kylie Minogue.
Also performing was former Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson and Karen Hauer, EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas, Olympian Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe, and opera singer Wynne Evans and Katya Jones.
The BBC One dance competition has returned for its 20th anniversary series amid an investigation launched by the corporation following allegations made about former professional dancer Giovanni Pernice by his 2023 celebrity dance partner Amanda Abbington.
Before the new series the BBC said it would introduce new welfare measures, including a chaperone who will be present “at all times” during rehearsals.
Strictly continues next Saturday on BBC One.
Its spin-off show, It Takes Two, with hosts Janette Manrara and Fleur East, will return to BBC Two and BBC iPlayer at 6.30pm on Monday September 23.
Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL
Advertisement
Advertisement
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Advertisement