Your TV GPS, Globe TV critic Matthew Gilbert’s look at the week ahead in television, appears every Monday morning on BostonGlobe.com. Today’s column covers May 13-19.
Yup, there’s a new “Office” opening up.
The American version of “The Office” continues to thrive in its afterlife, in syndication, on streaming, and on social media, where the bloopers hang out. So of course there is going to be a reboot. Well, not quite a reboot so much as an anthology extension of the franchise. Peacock has officially picked up Greg Daniels’s new iteration of the mockumentary series, which will feature an entirely new cast working in an entirely different office. It goes into production in July.
Here is Peacock’s description: “The documentary crew that immortalized Dunder Mifflin’s Scranton branch is in search of a new subject when they discover a dying historic Midwestern newspaper and the publisher trying to revive it with volunteer reporters.” A dying newspaper? As the Washington Post has it, “Democracy Dies in Darkness, [Rimshot].”
Only two members of the new ensemble cast have been announced: Domhnall Gleeson (who costarred with original “Office” guy Steve Carell in “The Patient”) and Sabrina Impacciatore (the hotel manager in season two of “The White Lotus”).
Advertisement
I’ve stopped my screeding about Hollywood’s reboot-and-spinoff mania and lazy thinking, so I’ll spare you my thoughts on the entertainment business and how it’s losing its creative spark with an overdependence on making safe, familiar movies and TV shows and avoiding the risks of going with original material that doesn’t have title recognition or a built-in audience.
Advertisement
Are you ready for another dose of deadpan? Are you cynical about reupping the “Office” format?
WHAT TO WATCH THIS WEEK
1. Like Netflix, Hulu imports a lot of shows every year. “The Killing Kind,” which premieres Tuesday, is the latest, this one from England. Based on Jane Casey’s 2021 novel, it’s about a lawyer-I-mean-barrister named Ingrid Lewis (Emma Appleton) who defends a man, John Webster (Colin Morgan), in a stalking case. Whoopsy: Now he seems to be stalking her. Who’d have figured? (Trailer here.) Maybe this is the answer series to “Baby Reindeer.”
2. Apple TV+ continues its string of historical dramas, as the new miniseries “The Big Cigar” joins the streamer’s series “Franklin,” “Manhunt,” “Masters of the Air,” and “The New Look.” This one stars André Holland, so good in “The Knick,” as Black Panther leader Huey P. Newton, who escapes the FBI by going to Cuba with the help of Hollywood producer Bert Schneider (Alessandro Nivola). The six-parter, which premieres Friday, is based on a 2013 Playboy article written by Joshuah Bearman, who also wrote the article that became the movie “Argo.” (Trailer here.)
3. The boys (and girls) are back in Ton, as season three of “Bridgerton” arrives Thursday on Netflix. Really, it’s just the first four episodes of the season; in a trend that is becoming a new norm on Netflix, the second four episodes won’t premiere until June 13. Breaking up a season instead of running it all at once keeps the conversation about — and the interest in — a show going longer. The season will chronicle Penelope’s romantic prospects, who include Colin Bridgerton and Lord Alfred Debling. How will her secret identity play in the dating world? (Trailer here.)
Advertisement
4. This weekend, “Saturday Night Live” has its season finale, with Jake Gyllenhaal hosting for the third time. Sabrina Carpenter will be the musical guest. When the show returns after the summer, it will enter its 50th season, and there will be a three-hour all-star primetime special on Sunday, Feb. 16, 2025, to honor the milestone. “SNL” remains a ratings and Emmy success for NBC, so expect a lot of hullabaloo. What’s that? Oh, our “SNL” bracket competition is right here.
5. It looks like there may be some heavy competition for “Dr. Pimple Popper” in the works, in the category of Grossest TV Show. On Wednesday at 10 p.m., TLC is premiering a new series called “Botched Bariatrics,” and it will follow patients who are suffering from complications from surgery, including a woman who can only eat pureed food and a man living with explosive bowels. Episode titles? “Cut the Crap” and “Butt Out.” (Preview — if you’re done with breakfast — here.)
CHANNEL SURFING
“The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: 10th Anniversary Special” Lots of clips. NBC, Tuesday, 9 p.m.
“Young Sheldon” The series finale. CBS, Thursday, 8:30 p.m.
“The 59th Academy of Country Music Awards” Reba McEntire hosts. Amazon Prime, Thursday, 8 p.m.
RECENTLY REVIEWED
“MaryLand” A PBS “Masterpiece” three-parter with Suranne Jones. GBH 2
“Baby Reindeer” A powerful tale of stalking. Netflix
“The Tattooist of Auschwitz” Two prisoners fall in love. Peacock
“A Man in Full” Jeff Daniels as a billionaire on the brink. Netflix
Advertisement
“Elsbeth” A spinoff from “The Good Wife” starring Carrie Preston. CBS, Paramount+
“Franklin” Michael Douglas stars as Ben Franklin in France. Apple TV+
“Mary & George” A period piece starring Julianne Moore. Starz
“Ripley” Andrew Scott stars as a notorious con artist. Netflix
“We Were the Lucky Ones” A miniseries about a Jewish family in World War II Poland. Hulu
“3 Body Problem” Sci-fi from the “Game of Thrones” creators. Netflix
Matthew Gilbert can be reached at matthew.gilbert@globe.com. Follow him @MatthewGilbert.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information