Reporter (Hispanic Life/Affairs)
Idaho Falls resident, Tessa Dalton, 19, released her first single, "One More Night" last month, and has gotten more than 47,000 streams on Spotify. She will be releasing her new single, "Overkill," late June, she announced for the first time to the Times-News. 
When Tessa Dalton was a little girl, she would go over to her grandparents’ house and every time her grandpa would beg her and her sisters to pull out their fiddles and cellos.
In turn, they would get out their instruments, and he would immediately start clapping slightly off beat, while also tapping to the beat with his feet.
“He’d tear up and just give us hugs after,” Dalton told the Times-News.
Feeling the love her family felt for music, she started to feel it too and would work at New Sweden Farms in Idaho Falls, where she grew up, hoeing corn and pumpkin patches to save up money so she could compete in fiddle contests around Idaho.
“I realized that this is just a great thing to do at the end of the day with family. It brings us all together,” said Dalton, who also lived in Twin Falls and attended Lincoln Elementary.
Eventually, her dad taught Dalton and her sisters how to harmonize and would belt songs out in the car with one another, having fun.
This, however, was only the beginning for her musical journey.
Using what she’s learned so far through studying commercial music from Belmont University, Dalton, now 19, released her first single, “One More Night” last month, and has gotten more than 47,000 streams on Spotify.
She will be releasing her new single, “Overkill,” late June, she announced for the first time to the Times-News.
“It’s like a fun summer song. It kind of reminds me of Lorde and Sabrina Carpenter a little bit,” Dalton said. “Kind of like what’s playing right now.”
Although her major is mainly in violin performance and plays for various female country singers in Nashville where she attends college, Dalton said she’s been writing on the side for awhile.
“I decided to just do this as a passion project and record some songs just to have, but then I ended up trying to be brave and put something out,” Dalton told the Times-News. It’s been going pretty good.”
With a mix of country and rock in her music, influenced by her parents, she said she is grateful for her parents and the support they’ve given her since she’s released her first song.
“I definitely want to thank my dad and my siblings for tolerating all of this constant influx of everything,” Dalton said. “And, in terms of writing, and music, I think I have the most fun when I’m doing it with people that I love. And we can just sit back and be creative.”
To listen to more of Dalton’s music, go to https://tessadalton.com/ or https://open.spotify.com/artist/7etJFhazXNIjnJZWAfn1WA.
Taylor Swift is detailing the deeper meaning behind some of the songs on her latest album 'The Tortured Poets Department.' She offered fans a track-by-track experience for the songs "Fortnight," "My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys," "Clara Bow" and more.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Monica Carrillo-Casas is the Hispanic life and affairs reporter at the Times-News. Carrillo-Casas can be contacted at monica.carrillo-casas@magicvalley.com or at 208-735-3246.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Reporter (Hispanic Life/Affairs)
Suspect said she didn't know what marijuana smells like, records say.
A search warrant was served, and records say hundreds of child sex abuse material images were found, records say.
None of the 22 school districts in the Magic Valley met the state's goal for English proficiency, according to data in the new Idaho Report Card.
Announcement of the cancellation puts performers who signed contracts in a bind.
Report said cashier printed $148 in tickets and cashed in their winnings of $37.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.