The pop star paired her metallic gold mini dress with a surprisingly affordable winter coat. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Sabrina Carpenter was born to wear mini dresses. Her sold-out Short n' Sweet Tour is basically a love letter to hemlines that proudly expose your upper thigh. Some of her very best mini dresses, though, are reserved for her off-stage appearances. Like, for instance, the plunging gold sequin shift she wore to party into the wee hours of the morning at the Nice Guy following her sold-out Kia Forum shows on Nov. 18.
Based on what Carpenter's stylist Jared Ellner generally seems to gravitate toward, the deep V-neck dress in question is mostly likely a designer vintage pull—although it does resemble a gold paillette halter dress from Gucci's Fall 2024 collection. Luckily, you don't need to be a pop star to get your hands on the trendy Aritzia winter coat she's wearing atop her metallic mini.
Sabrina Carpenter tops her gold party mini with an Aritzia black wool coat. 
Grab your credit card and get ready to add this winter closet essential to your shopping cart immediately, girlies. Because the oversize menswear-inspired coat she's wearing is a surprisingly affordable find: Aritzia's Slouch Coat in black wool. It costs less than $400 and comes in both petite sizing for our Short n' Sweet queens as well as regular and tall lengths.
The "Taste" singer now joins the ranks of famous Aritzia fans including Meghan Markle, Selena Gomez, and Kendall Jenner. Celebrities—they really are just like us sometimes. Which is all to say, how soon can we get a Sabrina Carpenter x Aritzia capsule collection? All in favor say please, please, please.
To finish her going-out look, the Grammy nominee added some height with a pair of platform silver ankle-strap sandals that matched her glossy glazed donut manicure. After all, when you're under 5'3"—like me and every woman in my family—every inch counts.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


With a corporate twist.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.