New Year's Eve is just round the blink, and if you've got a bash to rock up to and need something stunning yet playful to wear, dash over to Roman for a cheeky post-yuletide bargain. Score next-day delivery just in time for the 31st of December soirees with their cracking discounts, like this lush Teal Glitter Velvet Maxi Stretch Dress slashed from £55 to just £40.
It's up for grabs in sizes 10 through 18, with next-day postage costing a mere 99p - say ta-ra to the dilemma of what to don for NYE festivities.
Boasting 10% elastane, this glam number promises to flatter your figure while letting you move easily. Showcasing a modest V-neck and sans sleeves, the dress gives off a fab casual party feel with its sparkly velvet that'll ensure you glint wherever you're greeting 2025.
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter's Me Espresso perfume is out and shoppers are 'obsessed'
READ MORE: Victoria Beckham's luxury perfume collection is now available in a £40 set
The skirt settles gracefully just above the ankles, parading an understated chic look, and its nifty design means you can throw it on in a jiffy – perfect for impromptu invites or living it up on the dance floor all night long.
The frock has scored a stellar 4.8 out of 5 average from the five customer reviews so far. “Lovely beautiful comfortable dress," gushed one chuffed customer who left a five-star review, reports the Express.
She continued: "I am 5'1" was a little long but with my high heels was fine. The green colour with the subtle sparkles is very nice when worn. A great dress to take away. Looks better on than when seen on the hanger. I was very happy. "
"Absolutely beautiful," gushed one satisfied customer. "Great value and looks more expensive than it is. I am 5'3" so it was full length on me, which is what I really liked."
Another chimed in: "Love it. It fits perfectly and is comfortable to wear. Love the shimmer from the glitter."
On TrustPilot, Roman boasts an average rating of 4.5 out of 5 from nearly 100,000 reviews, although there have been some less glowing reviews. "The dress was smaller and shorter than I expected and I thought the postage for the return was expensive," one review read.
Another stated: "Lovely dress, fitted great, however, it continuously shed the glitter. I don't know if that is normal but it did not go unnoticed by people sat next to me who were covered in glitter."
Meanwhile, Debenhams also has some NYE-appropriate dresses with hefty discounts, like this sequin mini dress from Dorothy Perkins now only £44 (down from £55). Over at Very, you can snag this fabulous Mango mini sequin dress for just £35.75.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.