With the holiday season approaching, I’ve been on the hunt for a new signature scent to wear throughout the festive period. During my search, I’ve come across a newly-launched perfume that smells ‘delicious’ and is bound to be on countless wish lists.
Fragrance is always a popular Christmas gift, and having worked on a perfume counter at Boots myself, I’ve learned a thing or two about them in my time, and can spot a bestseller a mile away. And one I think is going to be hugely popular this season is the YSL Black Opium Over Red.
The Black Opium collection from Yves Saint Laurent has proven incredibly popular with shoppers since the original fragrance launched in 2014. Now, there are multiple variations of the beloved perfume available, the latest of which - Over Red - launched earlier this year.
Read more: We tested Marks & Spencer's new £50 beauty advent calendar worth over £300 to see if you should buy it
Read next: New Marks & Spencer £25 leggings with 'eye-catching' detail are great for 'evening or everyday'
The reimagined fragrance generally stays quite true to the OG gourmet coffee and vanilla signature scent, which is a smart move seeing as it’s earned a cult following, but introduces a juicy red cherry accord. The result is a rich, sweet and cosy fragrance that feels perfect for winter.
It would be easy to chalk off a cherry perfume as sickly or somewhat childlike, but that’s not the case with Over Red at all. Balancing the perfume’s sweetness with a freshness there are notes of jasmine, black tea, and orange blossom, that make this scent feel light and wearable. But it’s the warmth added from the black coffee and vanilla that makes this the bottle I reach for on those crisp mornings, or for date nights.
And it couldn’t be a better time to shine a light on this spritz, as cherry-inspired fragrances are set to be one of the biggest trends this season. Pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter has added a cherry-focused fragrance to her popular line up, which is currently on sale for £19.99 at Superdrug. There’s also Elie Saab Elixir Love Eau de Parfum, which costs £95 at ASOS.
But even luxury perfume houses have their finger on the pulse of the cherry trend, with Who Is Elijah Cherry Fiesta Perfume costing £118 , while Lovefest Burning Cherry, from Kayali - the fragrance arm of Huda Beauty - is £72.45 at Sephora. Arguably the most iconic cherry scent, though, and further proof there’s nothing juvenile about these fruity fragrances, is Tom Ford’s Lost Cherry, which is £290 for 50ml. By comparison, YSL’s offering is £96 for 50ml.
While I’ve not tried many cherry-centric perfumes to compare, YSL’s Black Opium Over Red has been an immediate hit for me. It’s a luxurious, high-end fragrance that delivers exactly what you’d expect from a brand like Yves Saint Laurent. It’s sweet, seductive, and sophisticated, with a trendy cherry twist that feels indulgent and a little bit festive. Even the bottle reminds me of a maraschino cherry, which is a staple in Christmas cocktails and recipes.
Perfect for festive gifting, it’s sweet without being overpowering, ideal for anyone who’s loved the original but is looking for something a little bit different, or someone looking to elevate their scent game this season. If cherry is indeed the note of the year, YSL has set a high bar for everyone else.
Sold at several retailers like The Perfume Shop, Boots and LookFantastic, many shoppers agree that the cherry-infused fragrance is a hit. One commented: “One of my favourite perfumes !! The smell is elegant and at the same time sensual. A bit sweeter than the original one. Simply I love it”
Another added: “I'm just delighted with this scent which has a beautiful aroma and really lasts on my skin when others fade away. It's the kind of scent that captures your attention when you catch its scent and has you wanting to buy your own.”
“I cannot get enough of this scent, said a third. “It's stunning and lasts incredibly well. I really like the original Black Opium but this just adds a little extra, it's just chef's kiss!”
As is often the case with fragrances, though, opinions are subjective and some have found the perfume to be too ‘sickly’, with a customer commenting: “Bought blindly. Awful smell, so sickly, nothing like the other Black Opiums - very disappointed.” Though some love the sweetness, adding: “Another great perfume from YSL. Smells like a cherry bakewell - would recommend.”
If you fancy trying it for yourself, you can buy the YSL Black Opium Over Red here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.