On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about what Perry's next era looks like, 10 years after her last Hot 100 No. 1.

Katy Perry is returning to music, and she’s ready to prove that it’s a “Woman’s World.”

	On Monday, Perry announced that the first single from her sixth studio album will arrive on July 11. On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking what music fans will want from Perry in 2024 — just over 10 years removed from her last Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 hit, “Dark Horse,” which topped the chart in February 2014.

	Listen to our full conversation below:



			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Charli XCX scores her highest-charting album ever on the Billboard 200, how Bon Jovi becomes only the fifth group with newly charting top 10s on the Billboard 200 in each of the past five decades, how Sabrina Carpenter has two songs in the top three of the Billboard Hot 100, and how Chappell Roan rises to the top 10 on the Billboard 200 albums chart for the first time with her buzzy album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.











The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.