Strictly Come Dancing enthusiasts are abuzz with predictions that contestant Tasha Ghouri is set for victory in the celebrated BBC dance contest following what many believe to be a significant indication of her potential triumph.
The 2024 season of Strictly has commenced with a bang, following an enthralling launch show. The familiar faces of hosts Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman return to guide viewers as fifteen new pairings strive to impress with their footwork in hopes of raising the prestigious Glitterball trophy sky high.
In the inaugural week, celebrities and their professional counterparts come together, aiming to secure their spot on the leaderboard with their debut performances.
Tasha, teamed up with returning professional dancer Aljaz Skorjanec, left a memorable impression on the Strictly dance floor. The pair's exuberant Cha Cha to "Espresso" by Sabrina Carpenter drew particular praise from head judge Shirley Ballas.
Shirley lavished Tasha with commendations before proclaiming, "You're on your way to have one of the most spectacular leg actions I think I have ever seen on the show."
Claudia echoed the sentiment by labelling Shirleys remarks as "extraordinary", while avid fans took to social media platforms, voicing premonitions of Tasha securing the glitterball trophy.
On platform X, fans rallied support with comments like: "I loved Tasha. What a dance! ! ! ! #Strictly." Another fan shared their fervour with, "Tasha is SENSATIONAL #Strictly" and yet another articulated, "Tasha Ghouri was absolutely incredible on strictly, she is sooooo good #Strictly."
One more eager supporter predicted, "ALJAZ is back Him and Tasha for the final #Strictly".
Although the judges will provide feedback and score the celebrities, no one will be sent home in the first week. The real tension begins in week two when one celebrity will be eliminated permanently, reports the Mirror.
Audiences can get involved when the lines open next Saturday (September 28), with the first elimination of the series airing the following night (Sunday, September 29).
Tonight's action will commence at 7pm on BBC One, but there won't be a results show this weekend.
Currently leading the betting odds are X Factor winner Shayne Ward and JLS star JB Gill however, former professional dancer Erin Boag has highlighted Miranda star Sarah Hadland as another contender to keep an eye on.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.