Sabrina Carpenter fans will be excited to hear her signature perfume is now available to buy at Superdrug after being made available in the UK. The popstar's fragrance, titled Sweet Tooth, is on sale online currently, and will be heading to stores from February 1.
The 'Nonsense' and 'Feather' singer's new fragrance has been inspired by her love of desserts. According to Superdrug, Sweet Tooth is a "playful sweet gourmand EDP, with notes of chocolate, vanilla and Chantilly cream".
You can pick up a 100ml bottle for £39.99, or there's a 30ml version on offer for £24.99. Alternatively, for a more travel-friendly option, there's a 236ml body mist of Sweet Tooth you can buy for £19.99.
The Eau de Parfum gives off a sweet, floral fragrance, and includes bergamot, candied ginger, chocolate and marshmallow for top notes. Jasmine petals, coconut milk, vanilla make up the middle notes and the base notes include cashmere wood, Chantilly cream, sugared musks.
The perfume's bottle design is reminiscent of a chocolate bar and "perfectly mirrors Sabrina's desire to craft a light-hearted and playful prestige fragrance accessible to all". The perfume also "proudly" carries the badge of being both vegan-friendly and cruelty-free.
On Instagram, plenty of fans have been loving the perfume. Pretty_vibe91 wrote: "Just bought it and I’m obsessed." Landon said: "It smells crazy good." Maja typed: "The yummiest most sweet and sophisticated perfume ever."
Marie added: "OBSESSED!! Finally." Sabrina added: "ITS FINALLY THE DAY FEELS LIKE MY BDAY." Sab penned: "THE PERFUME LITERALLY SMELLS LIKE CHOCOLATE GUYS ITS AMAZING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
Some people were disappointed that they will need to wait longer for the perfume to come to their country however. "So excited! Sad about the Sweet Tooth product delays to Northern Ireland tho!" Nicki put: "I was so hyped, then i see UK only." Other said they found the smell was 'too sickly'.
Sabrina Carpenter first rose to fame in 2014 as a Disney Channel star. Since then, she has become known for being a actress, international pop sensation and prolific songwriter. With an fan base of more than 55 million followers spread across various social media platforms, the singer also boasts of an impressive 1.1 billion music streams.
There are plenty of other sweet perfumes on the market currently. You can get Beauty Pie's Vanille Nue Eau De Parfum for £28, or Zara's Hypnotic Vanilla for £28.74. On Amazon, you can buy a Choco Musk 50 ml Eau de Parfum Spray for £8.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.