Hannah Ruth Zander’s home is exactly how you would imagine it: a big bow greeting you on the doorstep, vintage photo frames above the piano, green velvet chairs and an accompanying sofa. And, of course, two wizened weiner dogs with equally stylish names that have a penchant for licking. All this to say, if Zander’s home doesn’t transport you back to the swinging ‘60s, her clothes definitely will.
“I’ve been able to nail down the absolute core of my style, and what I love and my passions.”
Known for her vintage, experimental pieces, Zander’s styling of herself and others has made her quite a contender in Salt Lake City’s fashion ring. Since the first time I spoke with her for SLUG in 2021, she has been featured in the likes of Cosmopolitan and Elle. Her romantic and ultra-feminine pieces bring a sense of nostalgic fun that leaves everyone wanting their own vintage alter ego. “I grew up in a home filled with tomboys,” says Zander. “I think that made me just want to dress super feminine and romantic everyday.” It’s as if looking through vintage clothing racks and magazines for inspiration was her own form of playing dress up in her mom’s closet. That sense of imagination shines through in her content.
“I have grown, and am so different as a person—my inspirations have stayed steady but I’ve honed in on it so much more,” explains Zander when I ask how her style has changed since we last spoke. “I’ve been able to nail down the absolute core of my style, and what I love and my passions. Going back to my roots, Kate Spade is someone that really inspired me, so [I’ve been] really thinking back to those pivotal turning moments in fashion.”
“I use vintage because I like the timeless, chic elements of it.”
Zander may be known for her styling (it’s why we interviewed her the first time, of course) but now she’s gone down another fashion path, one that only seems natural for her to follow. Since I’ve last spoken to her, she’s garnered two collections under her belt—“Slumber Party” and “Chapel of Love.” The foundations of both collections are embedded in her love of vintage. She procures pieces and upcycles them into something special. “When you take vintage, you want to keep the heart of it,” explains Zander. “That’s definitely the task at hand: finding pieces that actually need love, that [are] ripped or discolored or kind of ugly and could be cute because [they] have good material. I use vintage because I like the timeless, chic elements of it.”
“Chapel of Love” made an impression beyond the mountains of Salt Lake City. The vintage bridal collection, which premiered at the SLC Fashion Show and is known for its whimsical, ‘60s aura, became Zander’s first viral moment. “It blew up like nothing that I’ve ever made before,” says Zander. “I’ve never had a video go viral, I’ve never had a viral moment, so for my first to be about something I made—I was so happy about that. It was a confirmation that other people like this [and that] I want to keep doing this.” And people did—including one Marisa Dabice of Mannequin Pussy fame. The lead singer of the indie pop-rock band reached out to Zander for her own styling moment with the collection. “She found my video and was going to be in Salt Lake City for a show. She asked if she could come over and pick out one of my pieces to wear. I’ve never had a musician wear my pieces before; it was so healing,” she recounts. Zander hopes to continue styling and designing for “It Girls,” including Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter—she personally thinks the “Chapel of Love” collection would suit them both, and I’d have to agree.
Stay up to date with Zander by following her on Instagram at @hannahruthzander and by reading her newsletter, “I Got Dressed Today,” which comes out bimonthly
Sashay this way for more from the Fashion Issue:
At the Redwood Drive-In Theatre Swap Meet
Building Extraordinary Looks with Four SLC Fashion Designers
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR  WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
SLUG Mag is one of Utah’s longest-running and most experienced independent magazines. Since 1989, SLUG has given a voice to Utah’s community and continues to expand its coverage in both print and digital media.