After Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos’ 23-year-old daughter Lola Consuelos shared a topless sunbathing photo, her talk show host mom Kelly had the perfect response.
Kelly Ripa’s not a regular mom.
In fact, the Emmy winner had an award-worthy response after her and Mark Consuelos’ daughter Lola Consuelos posted a topless sunbathing photo to Instagram Aug. 22, which she captioned, “Is this demure?”
Without skipping a beat, the Live With Kelly and Mark cohost—in the vein of the popular TikTok trend started by influencer Jools Lebron—commented on the post, “It’s very mindful.”
The carousel of images, set to her sound “Paranoia Silverlining,” shows Lola rocking a bandana and not much else in one shot. Meanwhile, in the second image, she’s wearing a moss green bikini while laying on her stomach and tanning her back.
It’s no surprise that the longtime talk show host wasn’t bothered by her daughter’s racy pic. She and Mark regularly share thirst traps of one another on social media in addition to their on-camera flirting on Live.
Back in April the couple opened up about how their relationship has changed after 28 years of marriage now that they cohost Live With Kelly and Mark together.
"I just feel like a good marriage comes from within," Kelly, who also shares sons Michael Consuelos, 27, and Joaquin Consuelos, 21, with Mark told E! News at the time. "And it doesn't matter what business you're in. If you have a solid foundation at home, then your foundation is solid no matter what your job is."
As for their 23-year-old daughter, Lola has earned respect in her own right since graduating from New York University in 2023 thanks to her beautiful voice and impressive online covers of hit songs like Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso.”
And she has pulled lots of inspiration from some of today’s top musical acts. Earlier this month, Kelly spoke about the Disney Channel star that inspired her only daughter.  
“Miley Cyrus has been such a singular influence in her life,” Kelly told E! News’ Francesca Amiker at the Disney Legends Awards Aug. 11. “And Hannah Montana was such a huge show in our house.”
For more sweet family moments from Kelly and Mark, read on. 
For the first September in at least 20 years that she didn't have a kid to see off to school, Kelly filled the void with a throwback from 2008.
Looks like Michael's about to get the drop on his little sister in this pic their dad shared on Lola's 19th birthday in 2020.
Joaquin is surrounded by love at his high school graduation.
"Looks like @instasuelos just found out he won't be @joaquinconsuelos roommate in the fall," Kelly teased during a trip to Ann Arbor before Joaquin started at University of Michigan.
Kelly took a few days off in March 2022 to watch the Wolverines compete in the Division 1 Wrestling Championships in Detroit.
Still a freshman, Joaquin didn't wrestle this time, but still, Kelly said on Live upon her return, "It took years off my life watching these young men."
The whole family finally made it to Greece and Italy in June 2021 after the pandemic had other plans in 2020.
"Last year's graduation trip for our oldest son and niece was delayed long enough to become a graduation trip for the family newborns as well," Kelly shared.
This family pic from their Mediterranean getaway turned out so well, Kelly made it their 2021 holiday card.
"Happy Easter from the year 2012 because Lola approved this photo," Kelly captioned this throwback, never missing a chance to tease her perpetually appalled teen on social media.
Mark wished the "spectacular women" in his life a happy International Women's Day. 
"Happy Valentine's Day to the loves of my life!" Kelly wrote from the heart on Feb. 14, 2022.
Kelly celebrated the fruits of her labor on National Sons Day, Sept. 28, 2021.
Kelly and Mark's eldest child, son Michael Consuelos, 24 at the time, posted this sweet throwback photo of him and his mom on her 51st birthday in 2021, writing, "Happy Birthday, Mom!! I hope you have the greatest day ever. You're a badass and an inspiration to everyone. Also, when I call you a T. Rex, I mean it as a compliment. You should know that by now."
In August 2020, Kelly Ripa shared an epic recreation of an old family photo from 2003 on Instagram. With youngest son Joaquin on her lap and older kids Michael and Lola perfectly in place, we'd say they nailed it despite the fact that, as Kelly noted, "objects may appear larger."
In May 2020, Kelly and Mark celebrated eldest son Michael's graduation—albeit a virtual one, thanks to the coronavirus pandemic—from New York University. Marking the occasion, Kelly wrote on Instagram, "And just like that you graduated college. MJC, the joy and pride you have brought our family is indescribable. I love you with all my heart."
From kids to teenagers! "#tbt 2011 vs. 2019 Les murs sont devenus plus petits," Kelly shared in an Instagram post that showed just how much her kids have grown. 
"The Graduate #2019," Kelly wrote on Instagram celebrating Lola's final days of high school. 
Kelly receiving her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2015 was an all-hands-on-deck event.
Kelly matched her son's gown and the flowers at Joaquin's middle school graduation.
When your family is this beautiful, you would likely be posing for selfies more often than not too. 
Holidays always bring family together and this famous crew is no exception. 
Back in 2003, Kelly and husband Mark Consuelos celebrated the opening night for A Year With Frog and Toad at Maxine's in New York City.
Back in 2001, Mark and Kelly took their son to the ATLANTIS The Lost Empire premiere at the Ziegfeld Theatre in New York City. 
Whether they are traveling somewhere hot and tropical or cool and snowy, this family always knows how to have a good time. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.