Pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter is everywhere — even the chorus of scandals around Mayor Eric Adams.
The brouhaha began with the pint-size singer’s racy music video, showing her writhing in a little black dress at the altar of a Brooklyn church, moments after men bloodily killed themselves over her.
An unholy uproar ensued, leading an “appalled” bishop to discipline the flamboyant Catholic priest who opened the church’s doors to the booty-baring Carpenter.
And now, the sacrilegious saga has ended in an unlikely place — with the sultry Sabrina putting the hitherto unknown priest and church on the radar of feds investigating corruption around Adams.
Brooklyn diocese officials, when asked by The Post for comment on a subpoena last week seeking information about business dealings between Monsignor Jamie Gigantiello and Adams’ ex-chief of staff Frank Carone, responded with a statement that linked it to an internal investigation over Carpenter’s music video.
“It would be inappropriate to comment further on that review, which is still ongoing,” diocese officials said in a statement to The Post.
Then, in the next breath, they alluded to the federal investigation ensnaring Gigantiello and Carone: “The Diocese is fully committed to cooperating with law enforcement in all investigations, including conduct at individual parishes or involving any priest.”
The statement implies that Carpenter’s shoot last year for her “Feather” music video may have led to the federal probe — one of many swirling around the Adams administration.
The raunchy video — which featured a scantily clad Carpenter, 25, dancing in the Williamsburg church next to a coffin emblazoned with “RIP Bitch” — infuriated Bishop Robert Brennan, who even reconsecrated the church as if to exorcise the pop starlet’s profanity.
Gigantiello, who also serves as an FDNY chaplain, maintained he and his team were “not aware that anything provocative was occurring in the church” and asked for forgiveness.
But Brennan relieved Gigantiello of his administrative duties — a demotion that he coupled with a “broader administrative review” into the church, diocese officials said.
Gigantiello reputedly likes to party and has been seen out and about with his friend Carone, sources have told The Post.
The subpoena seeking information on the pair was among a drip-drip-drip of federal actions against many of Adams’ top officials and closest confidantes in recent weeks and months.
Carone served as Adams’ chief of staff before resigning in 2022 to run a consulting firm. He now chairs Hizzoner’s re-election campaign.
Gigantiello and Carone did not immediately return requests for comment, but the priest reportedly alluded to his earthly troubles Sunday at the end of Mass.
“I need your prayers,” he said, according to the National Catholic Reporter.
Gigantiello, who is also a cookbook author and tomato sauce producer, reportedly joked about seeing his culinary hobbies referenced on a news report covering the subpoenas.
“I’m sure you saw my advertisement for my cookbook and tomato sauce on the news this week,” he joked, according to the report.
“That cost a lot of money to put that advertisement there.” 
Advertisement