"I don't know that I would have been able to step out in a dress like this a couple of years ago."


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Meghann Fahy was always going to look like the main character at the premiere of Netflix's The Perfect Couple. What the Emmy-nominated actress wasn't going to do was method dress—at least not in the usual, cut-and-paste-from-the-costume-department sense.
Fahy instead decided to channel her character, maid of honor Merritt—who sits at the center of a major murder—in a more subtle fashion. She and stylist Thomas Carter Phillips pulled a quintessential naked dress by Victoria Beckham for the task. The dress entailed a delicate, sheer, black lace midi silhouette with a plunging V-neckline in the front and even less fabric in the back. It was a little femme fatale, a little boudoir, and very much a nod to Merritt's psyche.
"The character that I play is a woman with a really beautiful heart who is misunderstood by some people," Fahy tells me over the phone a few hours before slipping into the suggestion of a dress. "She's caught in between what she represents to other people and how she feels about who she is. I [wanted to] honor her in this moment by stepping out in this beautiful Victoria Beckham dress that feels very confident."
Meghann Fahy and longtime stylist Thomas Carter Phillips pulled a barely-there Victoria Beckham dress for The Perfect Couple's September 4 premiere.
Fahy said the backless dress was a relative "risk" in her personal style evolution—one she was excited to take.
One look at the barely-there lace, and it's clear this is a piece for a woman who's secure in who she is—on- or off-screen. (And as far as homages to The Perfect Couple's plot, an all-lace number hits much harder than a Nantucket-coded seersucker would.) The actor says she and Phillips knew this dress was the one almost immediately in their fittings.
"Meghann and I were drawn to the intricacy of this layered lace Victoria Beckham look," her stylist tells me. "It is sexy and fun, and we thought it was perfect for the premiere of this end-of-summer show."
Fahy described her see-through dress in two words: "fun and sexy." 
A dress this daring didn't need much enhancement in the beauty department. Before joining costars Nicole Kidman and Liev Schrieber on the red carpet, hairstylist Cameron Rains and makeup artist Jen Tioseco collaborated on a chicly minimal look to enhance the dress's dramatic open back and all-over sheer lace. (Fahy tells me her team always gets psyched up for the carpet with a good playlist and good food—Sabrina Carpenter's Short N' Sweet was her "no-skip" soundtrack to the getting-ready session.)
Bold eyeliner with light, flushed cheeks, a peachy nude lip, and a low bun with a hint of volume were all Fahy needed. "We want to have the hair in some iteration of up because the back of the dress is so stunning with the open back," she explains. "I mean, my personal taste is always really fresh and glowy."
"My personal taste is always just really fresh and glowy," Fahy said. "I am an eyes over lip girl."
Fahy complemented her lacy dress with diamond jewelry by Reza.
Fahy 's beauty was closer to her everyday style than her lingerie-like dress. On her days off, she says she's "very much a jeans and a T-shirt girl." Classic colors and simple patterns are usually her style M.O.
But in a roundabout way, her dress's simplicity also resonated with her style North Star. "Victoria Beckham really speaks to me just in terms of the sort of classic simplicity that a lot of her pieces have," she says.
The actress described her dress as a "new moment for me as an actor and a person."
Last looks at the entire dress. 
This time, going the simple route made a bigger impact. Fahy may have once played a fashion editor on The Bold Type, but she says she's only now getting more comfortable in the designer world. "It was something that I've considered myself to be very new to these last couple of years," she explains. Showing up to a major premiere in her Victoria Beckham look is a sign of her growing confidence.
"It's a moment for me as an individual to feel a little bit more comfortable, maybe taking a bit more of a risk," she says. "I don't know that I would have been able to step out in a dress like this a couple of years ago. I might have been too nervous or something."
It didn't sound like Fahy was worried about her big-style swing now. "This beautiful piece feels so unique and so singular, and it's very different than anything I've worn before." Spoken like a true main character.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


A royal historian and former royal butler weigh in.


You'll want to wear this retro style all season long.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Here's exactly what to buy.


We can all learn something from her sophisticated styling.


It's chic in any zip code.


All A-listers seem to love this shoe.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.