The Southern California music festival once again returns for two weekends in April.
Sydney Bucksbaum is a writer at Entertainment Weekly covering all things pop culture – but TV is her one true love. She currently lives in Los Angeles but grew up in Chicago so please don't make fun of her accent when it slips out.
 It's better late than never for the Coachella 2024 lineup announcement.

 While the Southern California music festival has historically revealed its lineup in early January, this year's unveiling finally came Tuesday evening on Instagram. The headliners this time around are Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, Doja Cat, and the highly anticipated reunion of Gwen Stefani's band No Doubt, who last performed together in 2015.

 Other notable acts include Reneé Rapp, Bebe Rexha, Peso Pluma, Justice, Sabrina Carpenter, Suki Waterhouse, Ice Spice, Sublime, Bleachers, J Balvin, John Summit, Dom Dolla, and Taking Back Sunday. (Check out the full lineup below.)

Steve Granitz/FilmMagic; Antoine Flament/Getty; Dominique Charriau/WireImage
 Last year's Coachella was one of the most eventful in recent memory, with headliner Frank Ocean delivering a truly bizarre set to close the first weekend, and then dropping out of the second weekend on only a few days' notice. Blink-182 and the EDM powerhouse trio of Skrillex, Four Tet, and Fred Again.. stepped in to replace Ocean as Sunday headliners.

 Coachella 2024 will return to the Empire Polo Club in Indio (hopefully with less ice rink drama) for two weekends: April 12-14 and April 19-21. Ticket presale begins Jan. 19 at 11 a.m. PT/2 p.m. ET, and registration is open now at coachella.com.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)