Manage your account
All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
If you’ve made it an annual tradition in your household, you may be wondering how to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve live for free to ring in 2024 with Ryan Seacrest, Megan Thee Stallion, and other celebrity hosts and performers. Wondering where to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve live for free? We have details on the best and one of the only ways to stream it at no cost this New Year’s.
Today's Top Deals
Nordstrom’s Holiday Sale Has Jimmy Choo & Acne Studios For Up to 60% Off
Bath & Body Works Semi-Annual Sale Has Up to 75% Off Candles, Soaps & More
Reformation Winter Sale 2023: Save Up to 70% Off on Holiday Dresses, Tops & More
Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve was created by host and TV personality Dick Clark in 1972 as a younger competitor to musician Guy Lombardo’s popular and long-running New Year’s Eve special on CBS. The first Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve special aired on December 31, 1972, on NBC, with Clark anchoring the coverage from Time Square in New York City.
$0+
Buy Now
Since then, Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve has become the highest-rated New Year’s Eve special broadcast in the United States, with a peak of 22.6 million home viewers in 2012. Clark hosted Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve from 1973 to 199, and from 2001 to 2004. He suffered a stroke in December 2004, weeks before the special was set to air, which resulted in Regis Philbin replacing him as a guest host. The stroke, which resulted in speech impediments, led Clark to cede his hosting duties to Ryan Seacrest the following year in 2005. Though Clark retired as the main host of the special, he continued to make limited appearance as a co-host until his death in 2012.
Throughout its 50-plus years on television, Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve has featured hundreds of performers including Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, BTS, Kesha, Taylor Swift, Miley cyrus, the Black Eyes Peas, Elton John, Jessica simpson, and more as viewers and hosts countdown to the annual ball drop in Time square. The special, which features both live and pre-recorded performances, also includes coverage of midnight festivities in other locations around the United States and the world, including Los Angeles, New Orleans, and San Juan.
So where can fans stream Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve to see this year’s performances from Green Day, Megan Thee Stallion, Renee Rapp and other artists? Read on for how to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve live for free to ring in 2024 with Seacrest and other stars.
Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve airs on Sunday, December 31, 2023, at 8 p.m. ET on ABC. The Time Square Ball Drop happens on Monday, January 1, 2024, at 12 a.m.
Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve airs on ABC, which is available to stream on services like DirecTV Stream, Fubo, and Hulu+ With Live TV. DirecTV Stream offers a five-day free trial, and starts at $74.99 per month after the trial ends. Fubo offers a seven-day free trial, and starts at $74.99 per month after the trial ends. While Hulu+ With Live TV doesn’t have a free trial, it is cheaper per month than the other options, starting at $68.99 per month, and offers plans that include free subscriptions to Disney Plus and ESPN Plus.
Best Overall Pick to Watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve: DirecTV Stream‘s Free Trial
Best Free Trial Pick to Watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve: Fubo‘s Free Trial
Best Upgrade Pick to Watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve: Hulu+ With Live TV
$0+
Buy Now
Direct TV is our best overall pick to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve live for free for its free trial, price, and channel selection. DirecTV Stream offers a five-day free trial. DirecTV offers four plans: Entertainment, which costs $74.99 per month with the first three months at $64.99 per month; Choice, which costs $99.99 per month with the first three months at $89.99 per month; Ultimate, which costs $109.99 per month with the first three months at $99.99 per month; and Premiere, which costs $154.99 per month with the first three months at $144.99 per month.
As for other differences between the plans, Entertainment includes more than 75 channels, the ability to stream on unlimited devices in your home, unlimited cloud DVR storage, and a special offer on premium channels. Choice, which is the most popular plan, includes more than 105 channels, regional sports networks, and everything included in Entertainment. Ultimate includes more than 140 channels and everything included in Entertainment and Choice. Premiere includes more than 150 channels including premium channels like HBO and Starz and everything included in Entertainment, Choice, and Premiere. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with DirecTV Stream’s free trial.
Visit streamtv.directv.com‘s packages page
Click “Try It Free” for the plan of your choice
Enter your information and payment method
Search for ABC and start watching Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve
$0+
Buy Now
Fubo is our best free trial pick to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve live for free. Fubo offers a seven-day free trial (two days longer than DirecTV Stream) and offers three plans: Pro, which costs $74.99 per month; Elite, which costs $84.99 per month; and Ultimate, which costs $99.99 per month.
As for the difference between the plans, Pro includes 180 channels, 1,000 hours of Cloud DVR, and the ability to watch on up to 10 screens at once. Elite includes everything in Pro, as well as a total of 256 channels and 4K resolution. Ultimate includes everything in Pro and Elite, as well as a total of 299 channels, Showtime, and Red Zone NFL Network. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Fubo’s free trial.
Visit Fubo.TV
Click “Start Free Trial”
Enter your information and payment method
Search for ABC and start watching Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve
$68.99+
Buy Now
Hulu+ With Live TV is our best upgrade pick to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve based on its channel selection and its free subscriptions to Hulu, Disney Plus, and ESPN Plus. Hulu+ With Live TV offers four plans: a $68.99 per month plan with access to only live TV; a $69.99 per month plan with free subscriptions to Hulu with ads, Disney Plus with ads, and ESPN Plus with ads; a $74.99 per month plan with free subscriptions to Hulu with ads, Disney Plus with no ads, and ESPN Plus with ads; and a $82.99 per month plan with free subscriptions to Hulu with no ads, Disney Plus with no ads, and ESPN Plus with ads. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Hulu+ Live TV.
Visit Hulu.com/liveTV
Click “Sign Up Now”
Enter your information and payment method
Search for ABC and start watching Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve
Ryan Seacrest is the main host of Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve and hosts the special from New York City. Singer Rita Ora will serve as Seacrest’s co-host and will also host from New York City. Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve also includes two other co-hosts in other cities. Read on for a full list of Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve hosts and where they’re hosting from.
New York
Ryan Seacrest
Rita Ora
Los Angeles
Jeannie Mai
Puerto Rico
Dayanara Torres
Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve includes more than 20 performers across five cities. Read on for a full list of Dick Clark’s Rockin’ Eve 2023/2024 performers and which countries or cities they’re performing from.
New York
Jelly Roll
Megan Thee Stallion
Sabrina Carpenter
Tyla
Los Angeles
Aqua
Bebe Rexha
Coco Jones
Doechii
Ellie Goulding
Green Day
Janelle Monae
Loud Luxury
Ludacris
Nile Rodgers & Chic
Paul Russell
Renee Rapp
Thirty Second to Mars
Two Friends
Las Vegas
Post Malone
Puerto Rico
Ivy Queen
South Korea
NewJeans
Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve airs on Sunday, December 31, 2023, at 8 p.m. ET on ABC. Here’s how to watch it for free.
$0+
Buy Now
Our mission at StyleCaster is to bring style to the people, and we only feature products we think you’ll love as much as we do. Please note that if you purchase something by clicking on a link within this story, we may receive a small commission of the sale.
Best of StyleCaster
The 26 Best Romantic Comedies to Watch if You Want to Know What Love Feels Like
These ‘Bachelor’ Secrets & Rules Prove What Happens Behind the Scenes Is So Much Juicier
BTS's 7 Members Were Discovered in the Most Unconventional Ways