Barry Keoghan will join fellow Irish actor Cillian Murphy for the hotly anticipated Netflix Peaky Blinders film.
Oscar-winner Cillian, 48, has already signed on to come back as gangster Tommy Shelby for the upcoming movie from the period drama and crime show’s creator Steven Knight. Now it has been confirmed Barry, 31, will be part of the Birmingham-based production in an as yet unconfirmed role.
The Saltburn star, who was nominated for an best supporting actor Academy Award for dark comedy The Banshees Of Inisherin, will be in the movie as the action shifts to follow the Shelby family into the Second World War. The original, which ran for six series from 2013 to 2022 on the BBC, follows the rise of the Shelby family from after the First World War onwards.
Dune actress Rebecca Ferguson has also been announced for the new movie, and Netflix has not said which character she will take on. Knight previously said it will be an “explosive chapter” in the story with “no holds barred”. Fans can't wait until 2025, when it is expected to hit screens.
Cillian, who will co-produce the film, said it was “one for the fans”. Earlier this year, he dominated the awards season for his starring role in epic biopic Oppenheimer. The Corkman took home an Oscar, a Golden Globe, a Bafta and a Screen Actors Guild award for playing theoretical physicist J Robert Oppenheimer in Sir Christopher Nolan’s biopic about the father of the atomic bomb.
Last week singer Sabrina Carpenter seemed to dispel rumours of a split with Barry. The American star, 25, said that she felt on honoured to have worked alongside Barry, who is a "great actor." She then candidly revealed that her relationship with the Saltburn star was "on and off", but made no mention that their relationship had ended, during a recent interview.
Speculation over the status of the pair's romance came after a gossip website DeuxMoi shared an anonymous tip, which read "Sabrina and Barry broke up." But Barry, who has a number of accolades under his belt including nominations for a Golden Globe and an Oscar, was quick to shut down the rumour.
He reportedly liked a post of the Espresso singer who donned lingerie to promote her album Short 'n' Sweet - just two hours after the website posted the tip. And during an interview with The Guardian, Sabrina spoke about the nature of her romance and claimed it was "on and off."
The pair were first linked together in December when they were pictured heading out for dinner in Los Angeles. Speaking about her Please, Please, Please music video which stars Barry, she said it was: "One of the best experiences I’ve ever had, I’m very honoured and I got to work with such a great actor!" She then made fun of herself as she repeated in a nasal voice: "Such a great actor."
Being in the spotlight, Sabrina admitted that it was not what "I signed up for." She added: "I want to be honest – I want to just write about what’s happening in my life as a 25-year-old girl. But it comes with the territory and I just have to be like…OK." The Sun claimed the couple ended their relationship three weeks ago allegedly due to Barry's behaviour when drunk. However, the claims have not been substantiated.
A source said: "Barry acts like an idiot when he is drunk and Sabrina was getting increasingly frustrated. He has always been a party animal and Sabrina was fed up with his antics. She is soaring in the charts and is putting herself first as she gears up for her tour next month."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.