So, about those theories that Sabrina asked Tay for "permission"...👀
Remember when Kim Kardashian's shapewear brand Skims casually dropped a campaign with Sabrina Carpenter and the internet spiraled due to the musician's close friendship with Taylor Swift? Like, spiraled to the point where people were speculating that Sabrina had asked Tay for "permission" to do the campaign? About that...👀
During a convo with Variety about Tay (who she called a "rock star"), Sabrina said, "The posts about me having to ‘ask for her permission’—no. She’s one of my best, best friends, and we grab dinner or text and catch up like you would with your best friend."
This echoes comments the celeb previously made to Rolling Stone about the Skims campaign. Ahem: "In that scenario, I’ve been very, very communicative with [Taylor] about that situation, and I just love her so much and support her till the end." "So it was no weirdness for me, but I know people will just say things because that’s all they have time to do," the "Espresso" singer added. 
Oh, and Sabrina *also* told Variety the following about getting advice from Taylor: "It’s so cool for me to get a perspective on this whole process from her and the community of artists that I feel I’m close to—to get advice from them on stuff that you can’t just ask the internet. We’re always playing each other our [music], and whenever I start to think, 'Maybe I’ll get on Twitter and say something about this,' I’m always like, 'Maybe I’ll write a song instead.'"
Obsessed with their friendship! 
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.