By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
If you’ve been hearing everyone talking about their Ticketmaster woes and lamenting over how the prices of Sabrina Carpenter tickets keep shooting up, you’re in luck. As a shopping editor, it’s my job to share the best deals, which is why I combed through every Short n’ Sweet Tour date to uncover the cities with the most affordable ticket prices (you can thank me later).
Despite Carpenter’s recent rise to It Girl status (Exhibit A: her makeup, and Exhibit B: her outfits), the singer isn’t new to the scene. She’s gone on four headlining concert tours—the Evolution Tour (2016-2017), The De-Tour (2017), Singular Tour (2019), and Emails I Can’t Send Tour (2022-2023)—and is about to embark on her fifth, the Short n’ Sweet Tour (2024). The North American Short n’ Sweet Tour includes 33 dates and will support her sixth studio album with the same name. While the album isn’t out until August 23, 2024, fans already can’t get enough of two recently-released singles that have become songs of the summer: “Espresso” and “Please Please Please.”

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
The Short n’ Sweet Tour started in late September in Columbus, Ohio and ends in mid-November in Los Angeles, California. The singer will touch down in other big cities, like New York City, Boston, Chicago, Nashville, Vancouver, Atlanta, Houston, Tampa, and more. Who else will take the stage on tour? Special guests Amaarae, Griff, and Declan McKenna will open for Carpenter.
The first step to seeing Miss Carpenter working late IRL is buying concert seats. There’s been a lot of chatter about Ticketmaster queues and surging prices, but I’m here to do you a favor. After checking all 33 tour dates, here are my findings on the cities with cheap Sabrina Carpenter tickets.
Tickets to the Short n’ Sweet Tour went on sale on June 24, 2024. While pre-sales have ended, trusted resale sites like StubHub, Vivid Seats, Ticketmaster, and SeatGeek still have seats available, and we even have a secret discount code for one of them. On SeatGeek’s site, score $10 off eligible purchases of $250 or more with our exclusive code, STYLECASTER10. Keep scrolling for detailed instructions on how to buy Sabrina Carpenter tickets on Stubhub, Vivid Seats, Ticketmaster, and SeatGeek so you don’t miss her highly-anticipated Short n’ Sweet Tour.

 









A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
When we first published this story on July 5, 2024, the most affordable tickets were in Baltimore, Montréal, Minneapolis, Nashville, Austin, Denver, Vancouver, Portland, and Phoenix. These cities had Short n’ Sweet concert tickets for under $150 apiece. The most affordable seats on this list cost $101 in Montréal, with Vancouver trailing behind at $106, back in July.
The last time we updated this story on August 20, the most affordable tickets popped up in Toronto, Montréal, Brooklyn, Chicago, Minneapolis, Nashville, Atlanta, Tampa, Houston, Austin, Dallas, Salt Lake City, Vancouver, Seattle, Portland, Phoenix, and Inglewood. All of these stops had tickets for $200 or less. Surprisingly, these included her second to last tour date, which takes place at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California. The cheapest seats on this list were $114 in Minneapolis, with her multiple Canadian dates trailing behind.
On September 17, the cheapest cities included Columbus, Hartford, Nashville, Minneapolis, Vancouver, Portland, and Phoenix. However, the absolute lowest prices were in Montréal for $96 a pop.
As of today, October 31, the most affordable Sabrina Carpenter tickets are in Salt Lake City, Vancouver, and Portland, with all three having tickets for under $200 a pop. San Diego, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Inglewood all have the most expensive tickets (over $300 each).

 









*** The following lowest ticket prices were gathered on October 31, 2024, and are subject to change. Bolded shows have tickets under $200 apiece.
November 1, 2024 — Denver, Colorado @ Ball Arena

 









November 2, 2024 — Salt Lake City, Utah @ Delta Center
November 4, 2024 — Vancouver, Canada @ Pacific Coliseum 
November 6, 2024 — Seattle, Washington @ Climate Pledge Arena
November 7, 2024 — Portland, Oregon @ Moda Center
November 9, 2024 — San Francisco, California @ Chase Center
November 10, 2024 — San Diego, California @ Pechanga Arena
November 13, 2024 — Phoenix, Arizona @ Footprint Center
November 15, 2024 — Los Angeles, California @ Crypto.com Arena
November 17, 2024 — Inglewood, California @ Kia Forum
November 18, 2024 — Inglewood, California @ Kia Forum

 









By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.