Living large and living life, Hollywood style. We’re rounding up the latest in celeb lifestyle news with POP TALK! Welcome to the celebrity life!
H O M E S
Minka Kelly Lists LA Bungalow
Minka Kelly is all set to let go of her charming Los Angeles abode. The Friday Night Lights star listed her 2-br 2.5-bath home with 1,148 sq ft of living space for the price tag of $1,495,000. She purchased the property back in 2014 for $929,000.
R E L A T I O N S H I P S 
DIVORCE: Billy Ray Cyrus & Firerose
Billy Ray Cyrus and Firerose’s marriage is officially done. Billy Ray, 62, and Firerose, 37, have finalized the details of their separation three months after filing. Firerose received $0 as per their agreement. The two were married for seven months. 
DIVORCE: Sara Ramirez & Ryan Debolt
Sara Ramirez’s divorce from husband Ryan Debolt has been finalized. The 48-year-old actor and her ex finalized their divorce less than two months after they initially filed back in June. Court documents obtained by outlets show the pair reached a settlement on their separation. 
M U S I C
S O C I A L S 
S P O T T E D
By: Michelle |
August 9, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!