The song held off the challenge of Billie Eilish's 'LUNCH', which landed at Number Two
Sabrina Carpenter’s smash hit ‘Espresso’ has completed an entire month at the top of the UK Singles Chart.
On Friday (May 24), the song was announced as the Number One for a fourth consecutive week, holding off the challenge of Billie Eilish, whose track ‘LUNCH’ could only claim the Number Two spot.
‘Espresso’s four-week supremacy matches Beyoncé’s ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ earlier this year, although Noah Kahan’s ‘Stick Season’ managed a total of seven weeks at the top in January and February.
The song arrived last month, and came as the follow-up to Carpenter’s hit 2022 album ‘Emails I Can’t Send’ and recent singles ‘Nonsense’ and ‘Feather’.
The singer also dropped a Christmas EP last year and hit the road with Taylor Swift, joining the pop icon as the support act for her recent run of ‘Eras’ tour dates across the US and Asia.
Carpenter recently opened up about her mindset when she was writing the song. “There was something really exciting about the fact that there was so much personality throughout the entire song, because those are the ones that are really, really fun to sing live with a crowd,” she explained.
“Those are the ones that people, I think when they don’t know my music or who I am or anything, they can just tune in to a single song and kind of leave with a better idea of my sense of humour.”
She went on to say that the song was an attempt to capture a moment of self-confidence. “This was one of those times in my life where I just thought I was the shit in the moment. And I think you don’t always feel that way, so you kind of have to capture those moments that you do because that’s how you find those little [gems],” she said.
“For me, equating it to caffeine and that addiction was really fun and I definitely have a caffeine addiction as it is. So it really ends up being a full circle for me.”
Carpenter recently performed the song on Saturday Night Live, while Adele hailed it as “my jam” during a gig in Las Vegas.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.