Dame Joan Collins has unleashed a scathing critique of Strictly Come Dancing's celebrity selection process, insisting that show bosses need to rethink their approach.
While she has never competed for the Glitter Ball, the former Dynasty diva didn't mince her words during an appearance on Loose Women this Monday (23 September), as she declared "it's not fair" in a candid discussion about the hit BBC One dance contest.
An avowed Strictly aficionado, Dame Joan Collins told presenter Ruth Langsford what she thought of the most recent series' kick-off and the conversation quickly turned to Love Island's Tasha Ghouri, who soared to the top of the leaderboard with a stunning performance to Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso.
But Tasha's dance background, which has been called out in the past, left the 91-year-old wondering if the competition was really fair towards celebrities who have never slipped on their dancing shoes.
With Joan Collins in the hot seat and known for her love of all things Strictly, Ruth probed for her take on whether dance pros should really be competing alongside complete beginners. Chatting with the telly favourite, the ex-This Morning presenter dug in: "There are other people saying 'that's not fair for the amateurs' you know people who have never even stepped on a dance floor. You watch the show, I know you're a fan," reports the Express.
"Yes I do," the celeb icon quickly replied, while Ruth pressed on with her query, asking: "So what do you think? " Without missing a beat, Joan remarked: "I don't think people should be on who have dance experience. I think it's much more fun to watch people who are total amateurs, you know like the blind guy, he's amazing."
She continued, clarifying her point: "It's not that I'm negating them, you know everybody has to do their thing but it's not fair to the other contestants." Asserting her own background, Joan cut in with confidence: "I've had dance experience. I started going to dance school when I was three so I would probably be quite good."
Ruth couldn't resist quipping: "There'll be somebody there at Strictly right now [miming writing in a notebook] 'Dame Joan Collins'," which caused the panel and viewers alike to erupt into laughter, convinced the star will be eyed up for the 2025 line-up.
Though she is a well-known fan of the show, the actress once admitted that she had turned down an appearance on both the US and UK versions of the series. During a chat on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour, she then said there was "no way" she would appear on it. A choice she'd explained to Metro, saying: "I think it’s not dancing, it’s acrobatics, you know, and you have to be so acrobatic."
"And frankly I don’t wish to be thrown about at this age. I have no need to do it, and it would be no fun for me. And I only want to be doing things that are going to be fun", she candidly added. Could she have changed her mind?
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.