The singer also posted baby photos of herself on Instagram
Earlier this week, Sabrina Carpenter played Cinderella at the Met Gala—and now it seems she’s getting her fairy-tale ending. 
The “Espresso” singer celebrated her 25th birthday on Saturday night at Dumbo House in Brooklyn, where she was blown away by a surprise party. Trading one princess look for another, Carpenter wore a glittering yellow minidress with a side slit, which she paired with a white Hermés Kelly bag, diamond necklace, and gold heels. Her platinum blonde hair was worn down, to let her signature curtain bangs shine, while she completed her glam with fluttering eyelashes and a glossy pink lip. (See a video here). 
Carpenter was surrounded by friends and family, including boyfriend and Saltburn star Barry Keoghan, as she blew out the candles on her sprinkle-covered cake. She showed off the dessert on her Instagram Stories, posting a photo of the white-frosted confection and its cookie dough toppings. Writing on the cake read, “Is 25 that sweet? I guess so!” referencing her song “Espresso,” which boasts the lyric: “Is it that sweet? I guess so!”
On Instagram, Carpenter made another reference to the song with a sweet throwback post, sharing several photos from her childhood to mark the special occasion. “That’s that me birthday,” she captioned the roundup, playing off the lyrics to her chart-topping single. 
In one photo, a toddler-age Carpenter, dressed in a red Ohio State University shirt, shrugs and throws up her hands in a humorous pose. Another photo sees the singer as a young girl, hitting a sassy stance in a glittery purple dance costume. The last picture shows Carpenter as a baby, face-palming as she holds a pacifier in her mouth.
Plenty of celebs gathered in the comment section to wish her a happy birthday, including Keoghan, who reacted with a face-holding-back-tears emoji and “x,” presumably meant to symbolize a kiss. With the candles on the cake blown out, it looks like Carpenter has everything she could wish for this year. 
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.