Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
The Waynflete grad, who has written songs for stars like Harry Styles and Sabrina Carpenter, released the self-titled 'Amy Allen' on Friday.
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Maine native Amy Allen, who has been writing hit songs for others, released her debut solo album on Friday.  Photo by Caity Krone 
After years of writing hits for other singers, Maine’s Amy Allen released her debut solo album Friday.
The self-titled “Amy Allen” features 12 songs written and performed by Allen and was produced over the last few years, while Allen continued to write hits for others.
This spring and summer, two songs she co-wrote with singer Sabrina Carpenter, “Espresso” and “Please, Please, Please,” made the Billboard Top 10. Earlier this year, Justin Timberlake released a song Allen had helped write called “Selfish.” She was nominated for the 2023 Songwriter of the Year Grammy for the many hits she’s worked on.
Allen is a 2010 graduate of Waynflete School in Portland who grew up in South Portland and Windham. She played on her own and in a band before moving to Los Angeles around 2017 to work as a songwriter and, within a year and a half, had co-written radio hits for Selena Gomez and Halsey.
A post shared by Amy Allen (@amyallen)
In announcing her new album on Instagram Friday, Allen thanked her parents and her sisters for “believing in me from the moment I started writing songs in my bedroom / making very bad noise, and continuing to believe in me thru chasing this wild dream and career of mine.” She also thanked her manager and the collaborators who produced, played on, mixed and mastered her album.
Allen wrote that she’d “been wanting to write this collection of songs” since she started playing guitar at the age of 9. And she hoped listeners might connect emotionally with it.
“To anyone who’s listened to my songs in the past or is maybe listening now – I hope these songs make u feel seen/happy/devastated or really just any kind of emotion, and thank u for giving me a stream lol xx.”
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. Read more... 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
For those stories that we do enable discussion, our system may hold up comments pending the approval of a moderator for several reasons, including possible violation of our guidelines. As the Maine Trust’s digital team reviews these comments, we ask for patience.  
Comments are managed by our staff during regular business hours Monday through Friday and limited hours on Saturday and Sunday. Comments held for moderation outside of those hours may take longer to approve. 
By joining the conversation, you are agreeing to our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is found on our FAQs. 
You can modify your screen name here.
Show less
Please sign into your Sun Journal account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.
Your commenting screen name has been updated.
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »