"What a whirlwind of endless magical moments with you," the star wrote.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	The Australian leg of the Eras Tour was just as memorable for Taylor Swift as it was for fans. 

	A couple days after closing out her final show in Sydney, the 34-year-old pop star showered the hundreds of thousands of Swifties she performed for at Accor Stadium with gratitude in a heartfelt Instagram post Wednesday (Feb. 28). “Sydney, Sydney, Sydney, Sydney…,” the star began, sharing a carousel of photos of her and her dancers performing onstage. “What a whirlwind of endless magical moments with you.” 

	“I’m so grateful that we got to be the first tour to play Accor Stadium 4 times,” she continued. “I’ll never forget singing with Sabrina, the chaotic acoustic mashups, and the crowds that were louder (singing AND screaming) than I thought humanly possible.” 

	










	Swift’s Feb. 23-26 string of shows was certainly full of surprises, from her announcing “The Albatross” version of The Tortured Poets Department to the “Anti-Hero” singer’s sweet “White Horse” duet with opener Sabrina Carpenter. And, as she pointed out, the musician’s batch of surprise songs at Accor was truly chaotic, with the 14-time Grammy winner melding tracks from her early albums with deep cuts from her more recent works almost every night. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	For instance, Swift mixed her Fearless fan-favorite “Forever & Always” with Midnights track “Maroon” on Feb. 26. (Some fans are convinced that her seemingly random selections are actually hints that the many bonus versions of Tortured Poets will represent the five stages of grief, a theory that emerged on social media during the musician’s time Down Under.) 

	“I want to thank all of the Aussie fans for being so positive and passionate, so funny and wild and FUN,” Swift added in her post. “Love you forever.” 

	Outside of her performances, Swift also took time to enjoy the city. She went to the Sydney Zoo twice, and was joined on her second visit by Travis Kelce, who later watched one of his superstar girlfriend’s shows alongside Katy Perry and Rita Ora. The tight end also accepted friendship bracelets from fans and passed out guitar picks to the crowd. 

	Swift’s four-night stint in Sydney followed the Eras Tour’s three shows in Melbourne. Next, the “Karma” artist will set up shop in Singapore for six shows beginning March 2 at National Stadium, where Carpenter will again serve as opener. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.