By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:37, 20 April 2024   |  Updated:  21:27, 29 April 2024   
 8
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter made a gleefully raunchy reference to her boyfriend Barry Keoghan during her Coachella set on Friday.
The 24-year-old pop star has a habit of changing the outro of her song Nonsense during various concerts - and this weekend's version was especially risqué.
'He’s drinkin’ my bath water like it’s red wine,' she sang in footage posted to TikTok. 'Coachella, see you back here when I headline.'
She was referring to Barry's steamy performance in last year's drama Saltburn, which catapulted him to international sex symbol status.
Saltburn includes a viral scene in which Jacob Elordi masturbates in the bath and Barry sneaks into the room afterwards to slurp up the leftover water. 
Sabrina Carpenter made a gleefully raunchy reference to her boyfriend Barry Keoghan during her Coachella set on Friday
The 24-year-old pop star has a habit of changing the outro of her song Nonsense during various concerts - and this weekend's version was especially risqué
'He’s drinkin’ my bath water like it’s red wine,' she sang in footage posted to TikTok: 'Coachella, see you back here when I headline'
She was referring to Barry's steamy performance in last year's drama Saltburn , which catapulted him to international sex symbol status
Saltburn includes a viral scene in which Jacob Elordi masturbates in the bath and Barry sneaks into the room afterwards to slurp up the leftover water
Later in the movie, in another scene that caused a frenzy online, Barry pulls down his trousers and humps Jacob's grave while sobbing uncontrollably.
Barry has been spotted at this year's Coachella Music and Arts Festival, which his new girlfriend has just played for the first time.
She strutted around the stage on a pair of bedazzled go-go boots, flouncing about in a summery blue dress covered in sparkly silver hearts.
Barry and Sabrina were linked late last year, as he became a Hollywood heartthrob for his smoldering performance in Saltburn.
They confirmed they were an item at a Grammys party in February, but they largely refrained from discussing each other in public.
Recently, however, the pop star broke her silence, baring her soul about 'enjoying the newness' of her blossoming new relationship. 
She spilled the beans to Cosmopolitan, covering the magazine in a slinky bubblegum pink dress that allowed her to show off her knockout legs. 
When it comes to dating, Sabrina said: 'A lot of it, for me, has been fate. I know that’s super broad, but I don’t actively look for it.'
Barry has been spotted at this year's Coachella Music and Arts Festival, which his new girlfriend has just played for the first time
She strutted around the stage on a pair of bedazzled go-go boots, flouncing about in a summery blue dress covered in sparkly silver hearts
Barry and Sabrina were linked late last year, as he became a Hollywood heartthrob for his smoldering performance in Saltburn
They confirmed they were an item at a Grammys party in February, but they largely refrained from discussing each other in public
She added: 'The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love.'
In conclusion, she gushed: 'So yeah, it’s fun and it’s messy. I think I’m still just at this place where I’m really enjoying the newness of all of it.'
Sabrina allegedly first met Barry in September, months before reports started swirling that he had split from his longtime girlfriend Alyson Kierans.
Alyson and Barry, who welcomed a son called Brando in August 2022, are thought to have broken up over the summer of last year.
A source told The Sun Barry's 'partying caused arguments' between the pair, who had 'grown apart over recent months and things have finally come to a head.'
Sabrina and Barry are pictured together at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party last month, one of the few times they have been seen in public as a duo
Barry is pictured last weekend attending the CELSIUS Cosmic Desert Event held in Indio, California on the first day of Coachella
When Barry was asked about the split in GQ early this year, he said only that Alyson had 'done a great job and she’s an incredible mother.' 
Sabrina, meanwhile, saw her dating life become a hot topic during the summer of 2020, when she was rumored to be in a love triangle with Joshua Bassett and his High School Musical: The Musical: The Series co-star Olivia Rodrigo.
The following year, Olivia poured fuel on the fire by releasing her runaway smash hit single Driver's License, which was widely thought to be about Joshua and Sabrina.
'And you're probably with that blonde girl, who always made me doubt. She's so much older than me,' sang Olivia, who is nearly four years younger than Sabrina.
In the interim, Sabrina has at various stages been linked to such names as pop act Shawn Mendes, Teen Wolf actor Dylan O'Brien and YouTuber David Dobrik. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group