Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Sabrina Carpenter has reportedly called it quits with Barry Keoghan due to his party-loving lifestyle. The 31 year old Saltburn actor and the 25 year old Espresso singer have been dating for months after first crossing paths at a Givenchy show during Paris Fashion Week in September 2023.
Their relationship sparked rumours as they were often spotted together away from prying eyes, before making their romance official at the Met Gala in New York as they posed on the red carpet together. They publicly announced their relationship in February 2024.
The couple seemed to be going strong, with Barry even making an appearance at Sabrina's Coachella set and featuring in her latest music video for Please Please Please. 
However, it is now claimed that they have parted ways. Reports suggest that the duo ended their relationship three weeks ago and Sabrina is now focusing on her upcoming music tour.
 A source told The Sun: "He has always been a party animal and Sabrina was fed up with his antics. She is soaring in the charts and is putting herself first as she gears up for her tour next month", reports the Mirror. 
OK! has contacted representatives for Barry and Sabrina for comment.
Last month, their pair had been hit with split speculation and in response to the buzz, Sabrina played it coy, saying, "I write songs about exactly how I feel, so I suppose it's not surprising that people are interested in who or what those songs are about. It's part of the job."
However, she later set the record straight, confirming the romance was still on and shared his thoughts on her latest track: "He loved it and is obsessed with the lyrics. I'm so grateful for that. I don't want to sound biased, but I think he's one of the best actors of this generation. Seeing him in the video with my song as the soundtrack made it even more special."
More recently, Barry referenced his relationship with Sabrina on social media, publicly backing her countdown to her new album, which she excitedly shared on Instagram. 
"Officially 1 week until short n' sweet! ! !" she exclaimed, teasing a limited edition bonus track vinyl that includes an exclusive tune called Needless to Say.