Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Celebrities brought their star power to men’s shows like Louis Vuitton, Kenzo, Ami Paris and more.

	Men’s Fashion Week saw a plethora of celebrities sitting front row, bringing their star power to already highly anticipated runway shows.

	Celebrities like Pharrell Williams, Maluma, Selma Blair, Sabrina Carpenter, Colman Domingo and many others attended men’s spring 2025 shows in the last week, including Louis Vuitton, Kenzo, Dior, Ami and more.

	Colombian musician Maluma attended several men’s shows including Kenzo, where he teased his new song “Contrato” and talked about participating in Men’s Fashion Week.

	“It’s such a beautiful thing,” he said. “You know I’m coming all the way from Colombia ’til here. It’s been a beautiful journey to get to here and just to show my culture [and] all the things that we are. It’s such an honor to be part of this amazing movement.”

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Financial
	



	
			Outlook Darkens for Europe's Luxury Sector	
			













	Designer and Luxury
	



	
			Louis Vuitton Is Opening a Mega Flagship in Beverly Hills	
			








	He later joined several other celebrities front row at Dior’s men’s spring 2025 show, joining the likes of K-pop group Tomorrow X Together, Demi Moore, Kate Moss, Robert Pattinson, Brooklyn Beckham and more. 

	For the show, Maluma worked with his stylist Ugo Mozie.

	“It’s all in the details,” he said about his outfit, which included a zip-up knit cardigan, wide-leg trousers and a sparkly, textured overlay piece. 

	Oscar-winning actor Casey Affleck was also in attendance at Dior’s men’s show. The actor spoke with WWD ahead of the show about his burgeoning interest in fashion.

	“I have a little bit of a newfound appreciation for what it is,” he said. “I figure that the fast-fashion world doesn’t have a lot to offer in terms of history [or a] place in culture and art and that Dior is a house that has a great long history and it’s been doing some really beautiful things for a long time, so it’s a good place to start.”

	At Williams’ latest Louis Vuitton men’s show, the star-studded front row included Alicia Vikander, Michael Fassbender, Victor Wembanyama and many others. 

	Musician Anderson.Paak was also in attendance. The singer and rapper raved about Williams’ designs for the luxury label ahead of the runway show.

	“I think he’s just hitting the tip of the iceberg, and it’s so amazing to be someone that grew up with him as such an icon and a musical influence, to see how he’s now telling his story through fashion,” he said. “He always has but to see it to this level, and to be here to be draped in it, it’s just amazing.” 

	Domingo also spoke highly about Williams ahead of the show, telling WWD: “It’s my first Pharrell show. I have been to Nicolas [Ghesquière’s] show for womenswear, but now to be here — this vibe is cool and sexy. And the music is such a vibe. He sets the tone. Pharrell is not only an incredible musician but a great creative visionary, so you can feel it already.” 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.