Bonus: they're super easy to DIY.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Hollywood may not be done with the quiet luxury beauty trend. After Selena Gomez announced her engagement to her partner Benny Blanco wearing a sheer-pink manicure fit for a bride, Dua Lipa was spotted in a similar pared-back beauty look, opting for a set of increasingly trendy naked nails.
For a press run promoting her CBS special ‘An Evening With Dua Lipa,’ the singer’s nails were first filed into a medium-length almond shape. Then, they were painted a sheer beige color, making it seem like she barely had any polish on her fingers at all. The look was finished with a glossy topcoat and devoid of any nail art, making it perfect for minimalists who prefer a more subdued manicure aesthetic. She kept the rest of her look simple with a slicked-back bun and soft makeup, allowing her gorgeous red dress to be the star of the show.
A post shared by DUA LIPA (@dualipa)
A photo posted by on 
Though the colder months typically find celebrities embracing darker-toned polishes (like the black cherry shade that were recently spotted on Jennifer Lopez,) Lipa’s manicure is proof that naked nails are one of the most versatile mani trends of the moment. On top of that, she’s not the only celebrity that’s been spotted in the look. Sabrina Carpenter was recently spotted in a pink version of the trend at an appearance on 'The Colbert Show' and even Kaia Gerber and Meghan Markle have been seen embracing the trend.
The best part is that a naked manicure is extremely easy to achieve at home (perhaps more so than the naked dress trend that celebrities love right now), but it’s important to find the polish that best matches your undertone for a true “my nails but better” experience. We went ahead and found a few shades that you can use as a starting point to uncover that perfect match. Keep scrolling and let's get naked.
Chanel Le Vernis in the shade Legende is a pale beige brown shade that goes on sheer but can be built up to be more opaque. It works particularly well on neutral undertones.
Essie's Rainwear Don't Care is a dirty taupe with a white base. Use one coat to get a sheer effect or mix it with a topcoat to get a "my nails with something extra" finish. 
My Vampire Is Buff from OPI is a pale cream that can work for virtually any skin and undertone tone for that naked nail look. 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Ariel Baker is the Beauty Writer at Marie Claire. Previously the associate beauty editor at PS and briefly freelance, she has bylines in InStyle, Forbes Vetted, Women's Health, and more.  
Since she started out in the non-profit sector, Ariel enjoys looking at beauty from a sociocultural lens, looking to avenues like politics, music, and the arts, to inform her views on the space. That being said, as a true beauty-product obsessive, testing the latest items to hit the market, keeping up with trends, and meeting industry icons, will always be her favorite part of working in the beauty space. 
When she's not working, Ariel can be found hanging out with her fiancé and loving on their two cat daughters: Cow and Chicken.

Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


*Clutches pearls*


Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


It’s a design that both minimal and maximalist beauty lovers can get behind.


The bejeweled mani trend is fit for Hollywood royalty


Warm weather glam, nailed.


This retro trend has received a high-brow makeover.


Let a beauty girl live, please and thank you.


The entrepreneur has extended Fenty Beauty’s reach in the Caribbean and she got a new manicure to celebrate.


Blink and you'll miss it.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.