Tonight’s Vogue World 2024 event in Paris brought out an A-list celebrity crowd—both in the show itself and the front row. If you missed the livestream of the presentation, the fashion-minded event saw different sports—including cycling, gymnastics, tennis, and fencing—paired with a distinct decade in French fashion, going all the way back to the 1920s. One notable name who made a cameo during the section that celebrated 1940s aquatic sports? None other than singer Sabrina Carpenter, who walked the runway in Act II wearing a red-and-white-striped beachy look.
The star—who has delivered the songs of the summer with “Espresso” and “Please Please Please”—took to the Vogue World runway in a custom Jacquemus look. Styled by Carine Roitfeld, the ensemble took cues from the beachy style of Brigitte Bardot; Carpenter wore a swimsuit-inspired dress punctuated with two tones of nautical-style stripes—and an Old Hollywood–style headscarf, of course.
Carpenter’s statement look not only felt fresh and on point for the coming summer season, but it also nodded back to the retro swimwear she recently sported in her “Espresso” music video. Clearly, Carpenter knows her way around a poolside look. And on the Vogue World catwalk, she reminded us all that she’s here to continue dominating summer—both with her music and her style.
See All the Celebrity Looks From the Vogue World Paris 2024 Red Carpet:
How to Watch the Vogue World 2024: Paris Livestream
See Every Vogue World 2024 Red Carpet Look From Paris
The Best Dressed Stars at Vogue World 2024 in Paris
Everything You Need to Know About Vogue World: Paris
Follow Along with Vogue World 2024 Live Updates
Download the Vogue Runway App Now
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty