Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading.

Please purchase a subscription to continue reading.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.

T.I.E. Industrial has announced Kyle Denu as the company's president.
Kyle Denu
According to a release, Denu has more than 12 years of experience in the manufacturing sector as an executive. Most recently, he was president at Marmon Holdings. He installed 12 robots in the company's plants, bringing the facilities into automation and subsequently increasing revenue. 
T.I.E. Industrial focuses on repair and replacement of computerized numerical control machining. Denu said he plans to expand the company's offerings and the areas it serves.
“I’m honored to join T.I.E.’s rich culture and passionate team,” Denu said in the release. “We will continue to astound our customers with the service they have come to love and position the company for growth.”
Island Records has announced Austin Jenkins as vice president of A&R (artists and repertoire).
Austin Jenkins
According to a release, Jenkins leads the international company's Nashville operations. He began working with the label in 2023 and played a key role in signing artists such as Wyatt Flores and Medium Build.
Jenkins is from Texas where he founded the band White Denim. He moved off the stage and into the studio in 2014, leaving the band to co-found Fort Worth-based Niles City Sound. Jenkins and his fellow co-founder Josh Block discovered Leon Bridges. Jenkins would go on to perform as part of Bridges' band both on tour and records.
"Austin's love of music and the creative community is infectious," Justin Eshak and Imran Majid, co-CEOs of Island Records, said in the release. "He's a magnet for artists and his presence is critical to the label's culture and future. We're thrilled he'll continue his work at Island in an elevated role representing the label in Nashville and beyond."
Island Records is a division of Universal Music Group. Its U.S. artist roster includes Sabrina Carpenter, Shawn Mendes, Chappell Roan, Brittany Howard, Demi Lovato and Bon Jovi. The United Kingdom artists include Mumford & Sons, Hozier and Dermot Kennedy. Historically, the label is known for Bob Marley, U2 and Amy Winehouse, among others.
Local nonprofit You Have the Power (YHTP) has announced it has hired Olivia Adams as communications coordinator.
Olivia Adams
According to a release, Adams will handle both internal and external communications for the organization, which supports victims of crime. Previously, she was reporter for Main Street Media of Tennessee.
Adams earned her bachelor's degree from the University of Tennessee.
"We are thrilled to have someone with Olivia's communication skills join us to further our work with victims of crime,” YHTP CEO Cathy Gurley said in the release. “Olivia's passion for our mission combined with her writing skills is a wonderful mix.”
Send personnel information to npraino@fwpublishing.com.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: