In a refreshingly candid moment during his recent concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater in Colorado, singer Shawn Mendes opened up about his sexuality and the personal journey he’s on to understand and define it.
https://www.instagram.com/p/DBGwBVKOhn6/
“The real truth about my life and my sexuality is, man, I’m just figuring it out like everyone,” Mendes told the crowd. “I don’t really know sometimes, and I know other times.”
Mendes expressed that he finds the idea of neatly categorizing one’s sexuality “kind of silly,” noting that it’s “a beautifully complex thing” that can be difficult to fully comprehend, even for the individual experiencing it.
“It always felt like such an intrusion on something very personal to me, something I was figuring out in myself. Something I had yet to discover and still have yet to discover,” Mendes said.
The singer revealed that his song “The Mountain” was a way for him to address this personal journey in his music. “Writing this song felt really important to me. It felt like a moment where I could address it in a way that felt close to my heart.”
Shawn Mendes opens up about his sexuality:
“The real truth about my life and sexuality is that, man I’m just figuring it out like everyone. I don’t really know sometimes and I know other times. It feels really scary because we live in a society that has a lot to say about that” pic.twitter.com/5AvgPePXzp
— Pop Base (@PopBase) October 29, 2024
  Related: Shawn Mendes Addresses Sexuality at a New York Performance
Mendes has previously been linked romantically to other pop stars like Camila Cabello and Sabrina Carpenter, but has largely kept the details of his personal life private. His candid comments at the concert suggest a newfound willingness to be more open about his sexuality and the complexities involved.
“I’m just speaking freely now because I want to be closer to everyone and be in my truth,” Mendes told the audience.
I love this moment of self discovery with Shawn Mendes as he honestly discusses his sexuality. #shawnmendes #lgbtq #comingout #music #popculture 
 ♬ original sound – ReidUpOnIt | Pop Culture 
This vulnerable moment highlights the immense pressure often placed on public figures, especially young stars like Mendes, to define and disclose their sexuality. Mendes’ honest acknowledgment that he is still figuring things out for himself is a refreshing departure from the perceived need to have all the answers.
https://www.instagram.com/p/DBHAS94R56Z/?img_index=1
Fans and observers alike have praised Mendes’ courage in addressing this sensitive topic so openly. His willingness to embrace the ambiguity and fluidity of sexuality sets a powerful example, particularly for young people navigating their own journeys of self-discovery.
As Mendes continues to explore and define his identity, the world will be watching – but hopefully with more understanding and patience, allowing him the space to do so on his own terms.
Sexuality actually isn’t complex.  It’s today’s youth that are making it that way. They protest about being labeled, yet keep creating more labels every day for both sexuality and gender.
Glad you got it figured out Bro.  Your sexuality, or your view of what sexuality is (or in your view should be), may be simple.  But for others it can be complex.  Everyone’s different and should be able to express who they are and where they are on the road to self discovery, without being disparaged.  At the same time, they also shouldn’t play the victim card when someone mistakenly refers to them in something other than their most preferred term at any given time, especially when that term isn’t obvious or common.  That irks me too.
Comment
Δ