Menu
It’s the era of pumpkin spice lattes, black cats, and skeleton decor.
With spooky season upon us, it’s time to dust off your witch’s broom and get your costume ready for Halloween.
Whether you’re looking to stand out in a crowd, or go with this year’s themes, it’s important to know what’s trending this year.
Google has just released the most searched for costumes in 2024, and the results show influences from film to pop stars.
Here are the top 10 Halloween costumes trending on Google in the U.S.:
10. Lady DeadpoolThe search for a “Lady Deadpool costume” became a breakout search on July 26, the day the “Deadpool & Wolverine” film was released in U.S. theaters.
9. Sabrina CarpenterPop star Sabrina Carpenter, who is currently on tour, will be a popular costume this year. “Heart corset” is being searched more than ever in 2024, with the singer being the top person searched with it.
8. Dr. DoomWhile some may want to be superheroes, others want to be the bad guy. Searches for supervillain Dr. Doom were also trending.
7. Red (from “Descendents”)“Descendents: Rise of Red” was another film released this year. The top question searched for surrounding the film was "who is red the daughter of in ‘Descendants?’"
6. Envy (from “Inside Out”)A kids’ movie that captured all the feels, it’s no wonder that “Inside Out 2” inspired some costume ideas this year. Envy was the top searched for character in relation to the film.
5. PomniSearches for “pomni costume” were at an all-time high in 2024. Expect to see more of this character, who hails from indie animated web series “The Amazing Digital Circus.”
4. Delores (from “Beetlejuice)The “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice” movie dropped this year, bringing back lots of nostalgia from the classic 1980s film. “Fake staples" became a breakout search on the movie’s release date in the U.S.
3. CatnapCatnap, from the video game “Poppy Playtime,” is the top searched smiling critter of all time, according to Google.
2. RaygunThe Olympics sure made their mark on the Halloween world. Searches for “Raygun costume,” “green and yellow tracksuit,” and “green track pants” were trending on Google.
1. Shrunken Head Bob (from Beetlejuice)Well we’ve had to say the name twice on this list, so it’s no wonder a “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice” character is topping the list of trending Halloween costumes in the U.S. Expect to see plenty of Shrunken Head Bob costumes this year as Oct. 31 nears.
You can see what costumes are trending in your area by checking out Google’s interactive costume map here.