Whether they're a beauty fan, tech guru or lover of all things cozy, there's something for everyone on your list.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	There’s little to compare to the feeling of joy you get when you see a fully stuffed stocking. Besides stocking up on gifts to place around the tree, you’ll also want to make sure you pick up smaller items for your loved one to unwrap from their stocking like a new Christmas ornament or some gift cards. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	After you pick out all of your major gifts for everyone on your list from music lovers to aspiring musicians, your wallet may be feeling light. That doesn’t mean you have to splurge on luxury gifts to place in your family member’s stocking, Walmart especially is offering what feels like an endless amount of stocking stuffers for adults — and, most importantly, for under $20.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	When picking out the best stocking stuffers, you’ll want to consider who you’re shopping for and what they like. If they’re known for their sweet tooth, then you’ll definitely want to make sure there’s some chocolate. But, if they’re always talking up their self-care routine, then you should add in some stress-relieving tools.  

Black Friday deals are happening earlier than ever this year and that includes discounts on stocking stuffers. Instead of tracking down praise-worthy stocking stuffers yourself, keep reading to learn more.

	Need some inspiration? ShopBillboard put together a list of the best stocking stuffer ideas under $20 for adults. Just be careful, you may be tempted to keep some of these picks for yourself — and with the low prices you may just be able to pick up an extra one to keep.

		Sabrina Carpenter’s sugary perfume comes in a body spray form that’ll sweeten your beauty routine with just a single spritz. The brand recommends applying the spray onto your pulse points including your wrists and neck for the best results. Aromas you can expect to smell include top notes of sparkling bergamot, candied ginger and chocolate marshmallow.	

		Sports fanatics can take their team-building skills beyond fantasy football with this exclusive Uno game. The starter pack includes 112 classic cards from the original game in addition to 56 randomized NFL player cards and four collectible foil cards they’ll be tempted to put on display.	

		Hotties can channel their inner Megan Thee Stallion with her official Revlon eyeshadow palette. They can create glam looks inspired by the rapper and take it with them on the go for quick touch ups thanks to its compact size.	

		You’ll turn your loved one’s home into a café once they unwrap this Keurig frother. It’s built with three settings including a manual option or preset latte and cappuccino modes that’ll froth their coffee’s to their liking. 	

		They can hit the pickleball courts in style with Athletic Works’ stylish paddle featuring a wavy blue pattern. As they hit the ball, the fiberglass materials will help provide responsiveness and strength with each serve while the 5-inch handle allows for a more comfortable and secure grip.	

		Their lip balm can get an adorable makeover as Squishmallows has turned their lovable plush toys into collectable makeup. They’ll have the choice between a strawberry or coconut scent that will hydrate and nourish lips with each application using cruelty-free and vegan ingredients.	

		Expand the Star Wars fan in your life’s collection with an interactive Lego set they’ll be antsy to put on display. There are 99 pieces included alongside step-by-step instructions to guide their build and allow your loved one to feel further connected to the franchise.	

		They can instantly change the mood of the room with these smart LED light bulbs. Both lights are compatible with Alexa and Google home for a hands-free experience and with the accompanying app, they can switch the light to practically any shade they want.	

Conair’s heatless curing set can give strands an effortless wavy look without having to worry about heat damage. The kit includes everything the beauty guru in your life could need to achieve the hairstyle including a satin rod to wrap hair around, two hair ties and two hair clips.	

		You don’t have to settle for a single chocolate bar with Tony’s six pack. Now, your chocolate lover can indulge on a new flavor a day including milk chocolate, caramel sea salt, nougat, dark chocolate (70%), dark chocolate almond sea salt and hazelnut. 	

		Their feet will be praising your good taste as they slip inside these slipper-shaped socks. There are two pairs to indulge in featuring bright striped patterns that’ll dress up their feet while the fluffy material swaddles each foot in total comfort. 	

		They’ll be itching for bath time just to enjoy the soothing scents of blueberry lemongrass from this bath bomb. Just place the bath bomb in water and they can watch as it fizzes and dissolves until a surprise is revealed inside.	

	For more gifting recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best gift for singers, music books and gifts for gamers.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.