By
Erinn Callahan
Along with Chappell Roan and Charli XCX, Sabrina Carpenter ruled the airwaves for most of summer 2024. With her vintage aesthetic and sly, self-aware lyrics, Carpenter produced a surefire instant classic with her sixth studio album, Short n’ Sweet. The former Disney Channel star, 25, continues to demonstrate why pop music should be taken seriously as a genre. In another example of this, Carpenter recently earned her place in history alongside none other than the Beatles.
During these scorching summer months, Sabrina Carpenter has been on fire. Produced by Taylor Swift favorite Jack Antonoff, Short n’ Sweet debuted Aug. 23 atop the Billboard 200. Just two weeks later, the Pennsylvania native claims three of the top 5 spots on the Hot 100 chart.
Her latest single, “Taste,” nabbed the No. 2 spot behind Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy.)” Carpenter also secured the No. 3 and 4 spots with “Please Please Please” and “Espresso,” respectively.
This is a massive accomplishment on its own merits, but it’s even more impressive in context. The “Coincidence” hitmaker is only the second artist ever to see their first three top 5 hits land on the Hot 100 at the same time.
Carpenter enters a space previously occupied solely by the Beatles. The Fab Four reached this milestone in March 1964, when “I Want To Hold Your Hand,” “She Loves You,” and “Please Please Me” appeared at Nos. 1, 2, and 4, respectively.
We’re not saying that asking nicely is correlated with chart success.
But we’re also not not saying it.
Can’t get enough Sabrina Carpenter? Well, you’re in luck. The “Feather” singer will perform this Wednesday (Sept. 11) at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.
[RELATED: Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, and More to Perform at Rescheduled MTV VMAs]
This year, Carpenter graduates from her 2023 pre-show performance, during which she delivered a mash-up of “Feather” and “Nonsense,” both off her 2022 album Emails I Can’t Send.
The singer-songwriter is up for six awards this year, including Artist of the Year, Best Pop and Song of the Year for “Espresso.” The “Espresso” music video received another nod for Best Editing, while “Please Please Please” was recognized in the Best Direction and Best Art Direction categories.
The 2024 VMAs will air live Wednesday (Sept. 11) at 8 p.m. Eastern on MTV and all Paramount channels
Featured image by Jonathan Hordle/Shutterstock for Global
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand