New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
Take a break from the long news weekend with us!
Welcome to the weekend! It's certainly a big one! Let's jump into the Saturday edition of Weekend Discussion.
Checking in on the CTWC
The Classic Tetris World Championship kicked off on Friday. It's mostly qualifiers on that first day, so we're just having fun for a little while. Surely nothing wild and newsworthy is happening...
Oh.
Well, that was unexpected.
Just be careful, Logan Paul. Be aware that even as you take breaks to play Tetris, you're still being hunted.
Can’t hide forever @LoganPaul. Keep playing with your puzzles.#SmackDown pic.twitter.com/Ub6WIrIXtU
Toon-ing in
Hearthstone is at its best when the Blizzard team puts out animated shorts.
Growing up Turtles
Here's the latest look at Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which picks up the story of Mutant Mayhem where it left off.
Making 'Friends' in 'Abbott'
I might have forced that title, but it's my post, so there.
Watch this fun exchange between Jennifer Aniston and Quinta Brunson.
Weekend Grooves
Take us home, Sabrina Carpenter.
That's it for this Weekend Discussion! We're excited to hear from you, so join the conversation and dive into the Shacknews Chatty comment thread below. If you want to go new school and find different ways to leave your feedback or talk about whatever, join us in the Official Shacknews Community Discord. I'll see you all next week!
Ozzie has been playing video games since picking up his first NES controller at age 5. He has been into games ever since, only briefly stepping away during his college years. But he was pulled back in after spending years in QA circles for both THQ and Activision, mostly spending time helping to push forward the Guitar Hero series at its peak. Ozzie has become a big fan of platformers, puzzle games, shooters, and RPGs, just to name a few genres, but he’s also a huge sucker for anything with a good, compelling narrative behind it. Because what are video games if you can't enjoy a good story with a fresh Cherry Coke?

					Ozzie Mejia posted a new article, Weekend Discussion - June 8, 2024 

					Got all excited thinking that TMNT trailer was for the next movie. Series looks cool though!