The group spent time on the dance floor for Charli's 32nd birthday.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Charli XCX leaned fully into Brat summer over the weekend, when she celebrated her 32nd birthday on Saturday night (Aug. 3) with a star-studded bash in Los Angeles.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					






















	
		
					Lorde		
					






















	
		
					Nelly Furtado		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Among the A-list attendees was Tove Lo, who took to Instagram to share a selfie on the dance floor with the birthday girl herself along with Nelly Furtado and Lorde, who recently worked it out on the remix with Charli for “The Girl, So Confusing Version With Lorde.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“Yum,” Tove Lo captioned the photo along with an apple emoji, in reference to Charli’s hit off her recent album Brat, “Apple.”

	









A post shared by Tove Lo (@tovelo)

	According to reports, other attendees at the birthday party included Twisters star Glen Powell, as well as Anya Taylor-Joy, Rosalía, Addison Rae, the Haim sisters, Sabrina Carpenter, Gracie Abrams, Rachel Sennott, Finneas, Lukas Gage, Scout and Tallulah Willis, among many others. 




			Trending on Billboard		






Billie Eilish also dropped by the party in Silverlake to dance and sing along to the pair’s just-released “Guess” remix, with Billie rocking an oversized baseball jersey, lime green bandana and red-tinged shades for the party, where one of the gifts included a beautifully Brat-propriate bouquet of Calla Lilies mixed with cigarettes from Rosalía.

	Charli’s U.S. Brat tour is slated to kick off on Sept. 14 at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.