By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:36, 7 December 2024   |  Updated:  23:52, 7 December 2024   
 226
View  comments
Barry Keoghan posted a series of thirst trap snaps amid rumors that he cheated on Sabrina Carpenter with Breckie Hill.
On Friday, the 32-year-old actor shared a photo of himself posing in front of a mirror and showing off his muscular arms in a teal green sweater vest. 
He paired the top with black pants and a gold necklace around his neck in the picture which he snapped while on set of his upcoming movie, Crime 101, as suggested by the emojis he shared with the post. 
He included a film camera emoji in addition to a flexed arm emoji and a motorcycle. 
The Saltburn star — who showed off his newly-dyed blonde hair during his first sighting since it was revealed that he and Carpenter, 25, called it quits after a year of dating — also shared another photo of him wearing a full-face motorcycle helmet with the face shield up and his icy blue eyes exposed.
Over the photo, he added an emoji of a clapperboard and a vintage film camera.
Barry Keoghan posted a series of thirst trap snaps amid rumors that he cheated on Sabrina Carpenter with Breckie Hill. On Friday, the 32-year-old actor shared a photo of himself posing in front of a mirror and showing off his muscular arms in a teal green sweater vest
Earlier this week, it was revealed that Keoghan and Carpenter had dated on and off for about a year before deciding to part ways; pictured September in Elmont 
He also posted a photo of himself flashing a bright grin and showing off his new, blonde hair. 
Earlier this week, it was revealed that Keoghan and Carpenter had dated on and off for about a year before deciding to part ways. 
A source revealed that both Keoghan and Carpenter decided to 'take a break' to focus on their respective careers and families. 
'Friends close to him share that he is at his strongest and happiest and is the best version of himself to date,' the insider told People on Friday.
'He has been very resilient and triumphed through a lot to be in this great place,' the source continued.
'He worked hard to get here and remains focused — and though he and Sabrina are on a break — that isn't setting him back in any way — he has a lot of fortitude,' the insider shared.
About his year-long, off-and-on relationship with Carpenter, the source added: 'He was a fantastic boyfriend to her and was very present through all she was going through as her career took off. 
'He worked very hard to be there for her when she needed someone most,' the source continued. 
He snapped the photos while on set of his upcoming movie, Crime 101, as suggested by the emojis he shared with the post. The Saltburn star also shared another photo of him wearing a full-face motorcycle helmet with the face shield up and his icy blue eyes exposed.
He also posted a photo of himself flashing a bright grin and showing off his new, blonde hair
'They had a great relationship and he really cared deeply about her — which you could see via the comments he would often leave on her Instagram page.' 
The insider also insisted that infidelity was not the reason for their breakup. 
'He was always very faithful to her from the start,' the source said. 
'There was no third party involved in their break or at any other point in their relationship. Reports indicating otherwise are entirely fabricated.' 
This comes shortly after a source told People that the couple decided to go their separate ways in a bid to focus on their respective careers. 
The split report came on the heels of a blind item going viral after being posted on gossip site DeuxMoi. 
The blind item claimed a breakup between a rising pop star and her 'foreign actor boyfriend' occurred because she learned he was cheating on her with a 'semi-famous TikTok influencer.'
The item read: 'It appears that this A-list singer who's having her breakout year and her foreign actor boyfriend are done for good.
Earlier this week, it was reported that both Keoghan and Carpenter decided to 'take a break' to focus on their respective careers and families
This also comes amid rumors that he cheated on Carpenter with Breckie Hill
The split report came on the heels of a blind item going viral after being posted on gossip site DeuxMoi. The blind item claimed a breakup between a rising pop star and her 'foreign actor boyfriend' occurred because she learned he was cheating on her with a 'semi-famous TikTok influencer'; pictured March in Beverly Hills
'On the closing night of her biggest tour to date in LA, he was busy getting very cozy at San Vicente Bungalows with a blonde, semi-famous, LA based influencer (who's particularly big on TikTok). 
'I snooped around a bit out of curiosity and apparently he and his pop star girlfriend called it quits very suddenly less than a week before her final shows in LA after she found out he had been chatting with said influencer behind her back for months in a not-innocent-at-all way...'
The item also claimed that the influencer 'had even gone to find [Barry] while he was filming in the UK, eager to keep him company while his girlfriend was touring in the US'.
They added: 'He had messed up before and she had forgiven him but nothing as serious and infidelity is where she draws the line.'
MailOnline has contacted representatives for Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan for comment.
While the item did not name Keoghan nor Carpenter, fans were quick to claim that the piece was about them and speculated it was OnlyFans model Breckie Hill was the reason behind their split. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group