Did somebody say exclusive promo code??
The last few years have seen some amazing innovations in the skincare space, and we are *so* here for it. Our current obsession? Solawave’s buzzy skin-brightening devices. Stars like Sydney Sweeney and Sabrina Carpenter swear by Solawave to get their skin red carpet ready, so you know the brand’s effects are legit.
So how do Solawave’s products work? Well, they combine four technologies – red light therapy, galvanic current, facial massage, and therapeutic warmth – into compact devices that can treat various skincare needs on the go. 
With Solawave’s Bye Acne: 3-minute Pimple Spot Treatment, you can watch in real time as blemishes fade from your face in just two to three treatments. The 3-minute Pimple Spot Treatment works its magic by using LED light therapy to treat breakouts in just a few minutes (really!). Sound too good to be true? Well, LED treatments like this one actually work. The red light gets into the skin’s deepest layer, reducing inflammation, redness, and hyperpigmentation, while the blue light works on the surface to zap acne-causing bacteria—banishing blemishes at all stages of development. 
These devices are exploding in popularity right now because of how effective they are, and many sell for absolutely outrageous prices—literally $500. But right now you can snag Solawave’s Bye Acne: 3-minute Pimple Spot Treatment for just $69. (It normally retails for a cool $99.) 
Aaaaaand, speaking of Solawave: We’ve got an exclusive code for the Grand Opening of our new Cosmo shop that’s good for 30%off any Solawave product. All you have to do is enter COSMO30 at checkout.
If you’re looking for more than just a spot treatment, the 4-in-1 Radiant Renewal Skincare Wand & Activating Serum Kit is also discounted in the Cosmo Shop rn. We love this device so much that we named it one of the best skincare tools of 2023 because of how well it tackles blemishes, dark spots, and undereye circles. Just use it three minutes a day, three times per week, and the tired reminders of your late nights out will fade from existence. But don’t just take our word for it—here’s our girl crush Sydney Sweeney talking about how she swears by this wand to keep her skin looking bright and clear.
And if your skin needs some TLC after a long 4th of July weekend spent partying poolside, Solawave also has a product for that. The brand’s Hydrating Sheet Mask (yep, you guessed it: on sale with our exclusive promo code) has a water-gel-based formula that’s full of nourishing vitamins and peptides. Just pour yourself a glass of rosé, turn on some reality TV, and let the mask work its magic.
Feel free to enter our exclusive promo code (that’s COSMO30) at checkout in the Cosmo Shop for major savings on all the Solawave products we love. You’re welcome!
These Summer Dresses From Amazon Are Next Level
Alo Yoga's Sitewide Aloversary Sale Is So Good RN
Surprise! We Found the Coach Kisslock Bag Here
What A Cosmo Beauty Editor Would Buy at Sephora Rn
Nordstrom's Secret Sale Section Is a Game Changer
Status: Lusting After These Hill House Dresses
Amazon Legit Has Some of the Best Bras Ever
35 Amazon Big Spring Sale Deals to Shop ASAP
These Fan-Fave HOKA Clifton 9s Are on Major Sale
Snag an Elevated Modern Picnic Lunch Box on Sale
Amazon Spring Sale Tech Deals Are Here!
WDYM You're Not Shopping K-Beauty Sales on Amazon?
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.