...and, of course, lacy stockings
Girlies, it's no secret we're all out here trying to steal Sabrina Carpenter's style. 
The 25-year-old music sensation has crafted a personal style that's, well, short n' sweet: mini dresses, lace negligees, girly bows and feathers. At this point she's basically the human embodiment of "sugar and spice and all things nice".
Need a recap? We've gotcha. She's strutted the runway in a retro red and white striped swimsuit, rocked a vintage Old Hollywood gown once worn by Madonna, posed in an iconic denim hot pants bikini, and graced us with a tiny white corset worn with frilly underwear. Yep, some truly iconic scenes!
And now, with the Short n' Sweet tour underway, there will be plenty more gorge Sabrina fits to look out for. Opening her tour in Columbus, Ohio, Sabrina stepped out on stage in a seriously gag-worthy outfit. 
Specifically, she opened up a bejewelled blanket to put a vvvvv special basque on display. (Side note: don't you just love a dramatic outfit reveal?)
The long corset/playsuit extended past her hips and featured a lace trim, a sweetheart neckline, in-built bra cups and a camp lipstick kiss embellishment and was accessorised with lacy stockings. The best bit, however, was that Sabrina was simply covered in crystals: 150,000+ hand-placed crystals, to be exact. 
Sadly, we won't be able to buy this exact look since it's custom Victoria's Secret (please, please, please can Sabrina release a VS line?) so you may well catch us trying to glue diamanté onto our lingerie...
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.