The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

McAfee’s Hacker Celebrity Hotlist… John Mulaney’s variety talk show… 50 Cent is suing jeweler… Logan Paul fires baby’s nurse… and Trial date for Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs’ set for May 2025
Computer security company McAfee released their annual Celebrity Hacker Hotlist.  These are the celebrities whose names and likenesses are most used for scams. Here are the Top 10:
Cue the spotlight…The celebrity who tops McAfee's 2024 Hacker Celebrity Hotlist is…Scarlett Johansson! She’s leading the pack as the most popular star in AI-driven online scams. Cybercriminals are using her name and likeness in everything from deepfakes to fake… pic.twitter.com/DANAKMc7Xo
In celebrity hosting news — John Mulaney is set to host a weekly live variety talk show for Netflix. It’s modeled after John Mulaney Presents: Everybody’s in LA, a limited run of live shows he hosted as part of the Netflix is a Joke Festival back in May. Look for it sometime next year. Before that, John set to host Saturday Night Live on November 2, with musical guest Chappell Roan. In other celebrity hosting news, Chelsea Handler has been hired to host the 30th annual Critics Choice Awards, the first awards show of 2025, airing live on E! on January 12. Historically, the CCAs are known for being the most accurate predictor of Academy Award nominations.
John Mulaney will host a new LIVE variety talk show on Netflix in early 2025.THAT'S IT. That's all we know! pic.twitter.com/kLmql1c6XO
Our 30th anniversary is going to be the BIGGEST and BEST show yet!  Save the date! The incredible Chelsea Handler returns to host the 30th annual Critics Choice Awards LIVE on E! Sunday, January 12, 2025, 7pm – 10pm ET/PT. Plus, tune in an hour early and catch our… pic.twitter.com/S35vwoouNS
Maksud Agadjani played Yussi in Adam Sandler’s movie Uncut Gems, but he’s also a jeweler in real life. 50 Cent — aka Curtis Jackson — has now sued Maksud for copying a piece of jewelry that was custom-made just for him. 50 Cent accuses Maksud of trademark infringement and unfair competition, saying in his lawsuit that he “willfully and knowingly created imitations” of 50’s original necklace — again, designed specifically for him — but then misled consumers into believing that 50 Cent had approved, sponsored and endorsed the reproductions, using his name and image to sell them. Before the lawsuit was filed, 50 said he reached out to Maksud and aired him to stop, but Maksud responded, “Yo don’t you got better things to worry about?” And then he just kept on using 50’s name and image to sell these copycat necklaces. One of the posts he used to advertise these necklaces was even titled “Selling 50 Cent’s Jewelry.”  50 is asking for no less than $5M in damages.
50 Cent is suing jeweler TraxNYC for $5 million, claiming they used his likeness without his permission. He claims that this misleads consumers into believing he is affiliated with the brand, which is a violation of his publicity rights. pic.twitter.com/u4e7Ys3PEG
Logan Paul and his fiancée Nina Agdal welcomed their daughter Esmé into the world on September 29. He said he decided to do “the rich people thing” and hire a nurse, but ended up firing her less than an hour later! Logan said this woman had a list of high-profile people she’d worked for, but her delivery was way too harsh.  On his podcast, Logan explained he and Nina were exhausted when they got home from the hospital with their baby. He said, “First night just learning how to be a dad, I sit on the couch, Esmé on my chest, relaxing. I’m in a happy, happy place. Baby nurse, comes over…..She goes, ‘OK, wake the baby up! She has to feed!’ Overbearing is the word.” Logan said he left the nurse alone with Nina for just a few minutes, and Nina was in tears because she was ordering her, “Do this! Do this! Do this!” and it was just too hectic. Logan said he tried to pull the nurse aside to give her some feedback about her harsh, loud, controlling style of communication, but she just started laughing. Logan asked what was so funny and she said, “You are just so serious.” When Logan realized this wasn’t going to work, he told her he was letting her go and ordered a car to come get her. Trying to keep things from being super awkward, Logan brought her in for a hug and said, “Anything you need from us for the rest of the night, tell us.” And she said, “Can you sign six bottles of Prime?” Logan knew in that moment, he made the right decision to fire her.
Logan Paul fires baby's nurse after one hour—'Horrible' https://t.co/1tPaRkoJ4W
Diddy has been in federal custody since September 16 and his lawyers have now made their third attempt to get him released on bail pending his trial date. The judge is still mulling that over, but Diddy at least knows his trial date. Diddy was led into the courtroom yesterday in leg shackles. His mother and children were there, which brought a big smile to his face. The judge set May 5, 2025, as the first day of Diddy’s trial on sex-trafficking and other charges. Prosecutors estimated they’ll take 3 weeks to present their case, and Diddy’s defense estimated they’ll need a week. Then it was back to jail for Diddy, who’s still waiting to hear from a different judge whether or not he gets to go home on bail until his trial begins in 7 months. If he is convicted, Diddy faces anywhere from a minimum of 15 years to life in prison.
Sean "Diddy" Combs’ family members were seen exiting court after the disgraced rapper's sex-trafficking trial date was set pic.twitter.com/pJhTjN48YA

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show