ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TODAY — Pictured: Jung Kook on Wednesday, November 8, 2023 — (Photo by: Nathan Congleton/NBC via ... More Getty Images)
Jung Kook surprised fans all around the world recently by announcing a new single. The BTS star revealed that his new tune “Never Let Go” was on the way, despite the fact that he was still busy with his mandatory military enlistment.
One week after dropping “Never Let Go,” the tune has started appearing on charts all around the world. The cut has become a quick hit in a number of territories, but where it performed the best in Western markets may come as a bit of a surprise.
In the United Kingdom, “Never Let Go” opens at No. 60. That’s not Jung Kook’s loftiest placement on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the country, but it’s still notable for him. He didn’t do much to promote the cut—he’s currently focused on his military enlistment—and yet it still manages to land on the list.
“Never Let Go” comes in behind a number of more high-profile releases on the U.K. songs chart, but he also manages to beat some other well-known names. Ariana Grande’s new single “The Boy Is Mine” launches just one rung behind the BTS superstar, for example. He also beats the latest from David Guetta and Tinashe, among others.
Over in America, “Never Let Go” also manages to find space on the main songs tally, but it doesn’t perform nearly as well. On the Hot 100, Jung Kook’s brand new single narrowly finds a place on the competitive ranking, as it debuts at No. 97.
“Never Let Go” marks Jung Kook’s seventh career placement on both songs charts. He’s reached the lists in both countries many more times as a member of BTS, though on his own, he still ranks as the most successful of the seven singers.
Jung Kook’s new release is a worldwide hit, as consumption of the tune outside of Western nations like the U.K. and the U.S. was especially strong. “Never Let Go” opens at No. 20 on the Billboard Global 200, the ranking of the most-consumed cuts all around the planet. It marks the second-highest debut this frame, behind Sabrina Carpenter’s “Please Please Please,” which enters the race in the runner-up rung.