It's time to get festive!
Christmas has come early for fans of Sabrina Carpenter as she brings her holiday EP Fruitcake to life in a festive special on Netflix.
What is being described as a "holiday variety music special", A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter will see the singer perform songs from Fruitcake as well as festive covers, with guest performers, comedic cameos and unexpected duets.
"Sabrina's vision to subvert the classic holiday special has been clear since day one," said executive producer Michael D Ratner.
"At OBB, we partner with the world's most captivating artists to reimagine the expected, and we're proud of the work by our entire team and want to highlight Simone Spira, the Volara team, Sam Wrench, Nikki Boella and all involved that brought Sabrina's vision to life on Netflix."
So, when can fans tune into the holiday show? Read on for everything you need to know about what time A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter will be released on Netflix and who is taking part.
A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter will be released on Netflix on Friday 6th December at 6pm PST/9pm EST in the US.
This is 2am GMT for those tuning in from the United Kingdom, so whether you're a night owl or an early riser – it'll be waiting for you!
There are a whole variety of famous faces who feature in A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter, including singers, models and comedians for everyone to enjoy.
Read below for a full breakdown of those featuring in the Christmas special.
Upon the announcement of the Christmas special, Sabrina Carpenter said: "The holidays have always been so special to me. 
"I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show - infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me."
Sign up to be the first to know about breaking stories and new series!
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
A Nonsense Christmas will be available to stream on Netflix on Friday 6th December. Sign up for Netflix from £4.99 a month. Netflix is also available on Sky Glass and Virgin Media Stream.
Check out more of our Entertainment coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Katelyn Mensah is the Senior Entertainment Writer for Radio Times, covering all major entertainment programmes, reality TV shows and the latest hard-hitting documentaries. She previously worked at The Tab, with a focus on reality TV and showbiz news and has obtained a BA (Hons) in Journalism.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!