ByRosa Escandon
ByRosa Escandon,
 Contributor. 
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE — Episode 1867 — Pictured: (l-r) Musical guest Gracie Abrams, host Chris Rock, ... More and Heidi Gardner during Promos in Studio 8H on Thursday, December 12, 2024
Chris Rock returned to Saturday Night Live for the fourth time. He was joined by first-time musical guest Gracie Abrams. Rock was a cast member on the show from 1990-1993 and hosted for the first time in 1996.
With recent cameos from Dana Carvey and David Spade, SNL’s 50th season has shown a lot of love to its 90s-era cast. This episode doubles down with a cameo from another “Bad Boy of SNL,” Adam Sandler (more on that later.) While Rock is not as synonymous with SNL as some of these other names, it is always fun to see him return to the show to host.
Abrams, Taylor Swift’s former opener and daughter of filmmaker J.J. Abrams, does two songs from her 2024 album, The Secret of Us (Deluxe): That’s So True and I Love You, I’m Sorry. 
In this Cold Open, Nancy Grace talks about Luigi Mangione. While Nancy Grace has been impersonated a lot on the show (notably by Amy Poehler and Ana Gasteyer), Sarah Sherman’s impression feels like a very fresh take on the conservative talking head. The impression is so large it almost feels like camp in the best way possible. There is a great visual gag with Emil Wakim (who really does look like Mangione). It is a really funny Cold Open that feels like a bit of a shake-up after so many presidential-themed ones this season.
If you like Rock’s stand-up comedy, you will like this monologue. There is something comforting about Rock’s style as it often feels like a living piece of stand-up history. It seemingly takes him a bit to get comfortable, but once he gets there, Rock reminds the audience why he is a stand-up legend. There is a confidence that he exudes, which elevates even a just okay joke. As the saying goes, he could be reading the phone book, but he does a lot more here. Sometimes, stand-ups’ styles don't translate to SNL monologues, but Rock doesn’t let that happen by pure force of charm. It is on the longer side, but c’mon, you aren’t going to light Chris Rock!
This sketch has a great premise but feels a little off in execution. The sketch follows white families who squirm while having to choose between a white and a black mall Santa. While it's a fun poke at white fragility, the sketch doesn’t really heighten. There is something good here, but it feels like it could have been taken further.
This sketch is wild in all the best ways. It follows an office Secret Santa that gets interrupted when one character receives a portrait of himself as a Simpsons character. This sketch feels risky for SNL and would be more at home at a slightly more absurdist sketch program like I Think You Should Leave or fodder for Adult Swim. However, it is really fun to see SNL take a risk on a sketch like this. It fully pays off and is even a highlight of this episode.
Although a 2024 Herbie parody was not on the bingo card, this sketch about a living car from the 1950s being racist really works. It is fast-paced and has a fun surprise ending. This tight sketch delivers laughs and feels very Rock.
This recurring sketch is always about Kenan Thompson’s performance. The sketch follows two characters being fired for sexual harassment: a mild-mannered VP who just made a couple of mistakes and a dirty-talking security guard that everyone still loves. This premise doesn’t fully work, as it is hard to believe that Rock’s character’s actions would lead to such a harsh punishment, and yet, it is uncomfortable to stand up for his character. That being said, Thompson reminds the audience why he’s an SNL legend. His commitment to the performance carries this sketch.
Weekend Update starts with a lot of groans. Michael Che even notices it, quipping, “Four groaners in a row.” However, this week is made by its guests. Andrew Dismukes delivers a hilariously unhinged performance as ‘a bald man.’ The pure energy behind this performance makes it hard not to like.
Jane Wickline also stops by to sing a song “as” Sabrina Carpenter. She isn’t dressed up or doing an impression, it is just from the pop-star’s point of view. The song asks why doesn’t anyone speculate on her sexuality. It feels very online and Gen-Z but in a good way. The song has some really great lines including, “I leave a trail of breadcrumbs and then I leave a trail of loaves of bread.”
This sketch feels like watching a car wreck in some ways. It is hard to look away from. That being said, it is very funny. It will just leave the viewer wondering if this was how it was always supposed to go or if something went very wrong and they just kind of ran with it. The sketch starts with surgeons accidentally removing the wrong organ due to an annoying co-worker. However, the sketch takes a turn when the patient is revealed to be a fourth wall breaking Adam Sandler spewing blood on the doctors. There are jokes that come out of nowhere and it is hard to tell “the game” of this sketch, but there is something infectious about the almost riffing Sandman.
It is odd that this sketch came on so late. It feels too safe for its placement. The pre-tapped sketch is funny, but it feels almost dated as it follows what feels like a 2000s or even 1990s style suburban office Christmas party. The jokes at least feel like they have been around since the 90s. However, the sketch adds the layer that this is a ‘monster truck’ style commercial which elevates the sketch.
This sketch follows Ego Nwodim as Rock tries to crash her blind date. This sketch is a bit forgettable and after some big swings earlier in the episode, it feels tame for the last sketch of the night.
SNL returns December 21, 2024 with another cast alum Martin Short and musical guest Hozier.