Sabrina Carpenter’s glam squad has revealed the popstar and actress uses a £10 cleanser to give her her enviable looks. Make-up artist Carolina Gonzalez detailed the star’s ‘beauty breakdown,’ revealing that the celeb uses a wallet-friendly skincare routine, which can be found in your local drug store.
 In a post from this year’s Coachella Music Festival, Carolina explained Sabrina used a range of Cetaphil products to prep her skin. This included the  Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser (£10 from Boots) ,  Cetaphil Daily Oil-Free Hydrating Lotion (£15 from Boots) ,  Cetaphil Sheer Mineral Face Liquid Sunscreen SPF 50 (£15.11 from iHerb) , and the  Cetaphil Moisturising Lotion for body (£17.10 from Boots). 
 The  Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser, Face & Body Wash for Normal to Dry Sensitive Skin 236ml  is priced at just £10, formulated with Niacinamide (Vitamin B3) and Panthenol (Pro-Vitamin B5) to help hydrate the skin and replenish its moisture. It can be used on the face and body, meaning you can kill two birds with one stone. 
 Another key benefit is that the cleanser can be used with or without water, depending on your routine’s preference. The  Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser, Face & Body Wash for Normal to Dry Sensitive Skin 236ml  has an average 4.3 out of five star rating from 1,093 reviews. 
90 per cent of reviewers said they would recommend this product. Shoppers praised the cleanser for leaving their faces soft and smooth.
Jenn wrote: “I brought a few days ago and have used it ever since, it is really good, doesn't dry out my skin, I have sensitive skin, and it is really good.”
Evelyn said, “This is very good, it seems to be doing what I bought it for. Getting rid of little white spots, like milk spots. A little goes a long way,” while Sara commented, “Very gentle on skin it cleared my redness and bumps on my skin would 100% recommend and this is the only brand I use.”
Abbyk96 agreed: “This helped my son and husbands skin when having flare ups it’s soothes them and made it less itchy upon using will definitely keep to help them again during a flare up smelt nice upon using this very nice.”
However, Lilly said: “Delicate for skin but doesn't clean skin from a little make up I apply daily. Unfortunately I still have to use other make up removing products.”
 Alternatively you can find other cleansers to help with soothing your skin. Other top rated products at Boots include the  Aveeno Face Calm and Restore Cleanser 200ml (£8.39) , T  he INKEY List™ Oat Cleansing Balm 150ml (£11.99 or £9.50 with an Advantage Card) , and the  Byoma Creamy Jelly Cleanser 175ml (£9.99). 
 Or find the  Holy Hydration! Daily Cleanser  from  e.l.f.  for just £6. Other cleansers formulated for sensitive skin include the  Charlotte Tilbury Magic Hydration Revival Cleanser 120ml (£25) ,  Youth To The People Superfood Cleanser 237ml (£38)  from  Space NK , and the  Paula’s Choice Ultra-Gentle Cleanser 198ml (was £25, now £20) .