Spotify Wrapped 2024 is finally here—and not a moment too soon. It seems most of Spotify's competition, including Apple Music, YouTube Music, and even Amazon Music, have already launched their annual recaps for 2024. But if you subscribe to the world's most popular music streaming service, it's your turn to recap your year in listening.
As with previous years' Wrapped, your recap includes the basic listening stats, including your top artists and songs of the year, and the total number of minutes you listened to Spotify. However, for 2024, Spotify is rolling out something different: In addition to the standard graphics you can share with friends, the service now offers an "AI podcast" to recap your year. 
Here's how it works: Two AI "hosts" go back and forth, discussing songs, artists, and genres you listened to throughout 2024. Based on Spotify's press release, it looks like the podcast isn't very long—just under four minutes—although it's not clear whether that playback length changes based on the user's overall listening habits. In any case, you'll find your AI podcast the Home page of your Spotify app, which you can share with friends (so long as you're okay making the "podcast" public). It's available in English for both Free and Premium users in the U.S., the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Ireland, and Sweden.
Spotify says the podcast is built using Google's NotebookLM model, which makes sense: You can use that model to build your own AI podcasts based on whatever materials you want. You can share web links, PDFs, text, and more, and generate a fake podcast that discusses all the sources.
In addition, if you subscribe to Premium, your AI DJ will comment on your listening history for 2024, plus tell you about the top songs and artists of the year across Spotify. This feature is available in both English and Spanish. You can also ask Spotify to create an AI playlist based on results of your Wrapped. For example, you can request a playlist of your top five genres, or a playlist of artists similar to those in your top lists.
It's not just AI features here, of course. Spotify has a number of perks that come with this year's wrapped. There's "Your Music Evolution," which describes up to three "music phases" you went through this year (and includes a playlist of the highlighted songs); "Your Top Artist Reimagined," which shows your top artist of the year as well as what percentage of listeners you were in for that artist; a playlist of your top music videos, if your region supports videos; messages from your favorite artists (Spotify spotlights Peso Pluma, ROSÉ, Billie Eilish, Usher, Sabrina Carpenter, and Karol G in the press release, but says there are thousands more participating); messages from podcasters, like the creators behind Anything Goes with Emma Chamberlain, Crime Junkie, Distractible, Diary of a CEO with Steven Bartlett; and additional playlists created by Spotify music editors. 
Jake Peterson is Lifehacker’s Senior Technology Editor. He has a BFA in Film & TV from NYU, where he specialized in writing. Jake has been helping people with their technology professionally since 2016, beginning as a technical specialist at New York’s 5th Avenue Apple Store, then as a writer for the website Gadget Hacks. In that time, he wrote and edited thousands of news and how-to articles about iPhones and Androids, including reporting on live demos from product launches from Samsung and Google. In 2021, he moved to Lifehacker and covers everything from the best uses of AI in your daily life to which MacBook to buy. His team covers all things tech, including smartphones, computers, game consoles, and subscriptions. He lives in Connecticut.
Jake Peterson is Lifehacker’s Senior Technology Editor. He has a BFA in Film & TV from NYU, where he specialized in writing. Jake has been helping people with their technology professionally since 2016, beginning as a technical specialist at New York’s 5th Avenue Apple Store, then as a writer for the website Gadget Hacks. In that time, he wrote and edited thousands of news and how-to articles about iPhones and Androids, including reporting on live demos from product launches from Samsung and Google. In 2021, he moved to Lifehacker and covers everything from the best uses of AI in your daily life to which MacBook to buy. His team covers all things tech, including smartphones, computers, game consoles, and subscriptions. He lives in Connecticut.
Lifehacker has been a go-to source of tech help and life advice since 2005. Our mission is to offer reliable tech help and credible, practical, science-based life advice to help you live better.
                
© 2001-2025 Ziff Davis, LLC., A ZIFF DAVIS COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Lifehacker is a federally registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate
                    any affiliation or the
                    endorsement of Lifehacker. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.