Nothing marks the start of the festive season with quite as much gusto as a pantomime and this year's show at the Theatre Royal was no exception. 


  Aladdin is based on the Disney film but with a modern twist - don't worry, there is still a flying carpet.


  Set in Norwich on the Verge, the plot follows Al Piecrust (Tarik Frimpong), a boy from a small town who works in a pie shop with his mother Molly (played by The Nimmo Twins' Owen Evans) and his brother, Reg, who is performed by returning star Joe Tracini.


West End stars Meesha Turner and Tarik Frimpong dazzled as Jazz and Aladdin (Image: Richard Jarmy) He falls for Jazz (Meesha Turner), a girl who lives with her evil aunt Professor Bellatrix Bottomborough (The Bill's Lisa Maxwell) in a country manor house.


  While the evil aunt initially tries to keep Al and Jazz apart, she soon realises that Aladdin is the ‘chosen one’ and tricks him into finding her some treasure, changing the course of both of their lives forever.


Lisa Maxwell played evil aunt Professor Bellatrix Bottomborough (Image: @dinky_in_norfolk) Set to the tunes of Taylor swift, Sabrina Carpenter, Shania Twain, Pink!, and a tub-thumping medley of Texas Hold ‘Em by Beyoncé and Cotton Eye Joe by Rednex, the children in the audience found it hard to stay in their seats and many were dancing along with the characters on stage.


  As well as the magical flying carpet, gold fell from the ceiling and a pyrotechnics display at the end of the first half left the audience gaping.


Joe Tracini and Owen Evans were hilarious as Molly and Reg Piecrust (Image: Richard Jarmy) READ MORE: First look at Norwich Theatre Royal's Aladdin as panto season begins


  The most impressive feat was the range of crazy costumes and the beautiful sets.


  A favourite moment of mine was the cave scene - imagine sparkly leotards, silver crowns and gold capes - with stalactites hanging from the roof. And yes, Aladdin was singing Final Countdown by Europe throughout.


The cave scene was the standout moment (Image: Richard Jarmy) No star put a foot wrong and this hilarious adaptation of a Disney classic is sure to delight anyone who gets a chance to see it. 


The show runs until January 5 - book at norwichtheatre.org.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.