Check out the must-hear releases of the week.

													By
												

	Andrew Unterberger


	Billboard’s Friday Music Guide serves as a handy guide to this Friday’s most essential releases — the key music that everyone will be talking about today, and that will be dominating playlists this weekend and beyond.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Coldplay		
					






















	
		
					Lainey Wilson		
					






















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	This week, Sabrina Carpenter releases her new full-but-not-too-full-length, Lainey Wilson captures two years’ worth of career hubbub on her latest LP, Coldplay leads a global All-Star prayer circle and much more. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Sabrina Carpenter, Short n’ Sweet

	The wait is over: Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet is here, on the backs of the consecutive smashes “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” with 10 additional pop confections. Those range from the delectable obvious third single “Taste” to the rollicking acoustic betrayal of “Coincidence” to the frisky soft ’80s pop-funk of “Bed Chem.” For fans hoping for a coherent mix of the hooky confidence and slinky seductiveness of Carpenter’s latest singles with the clever detail and revealing lyrics of Emails I Can’t Send should have no complaints about Short n’ Sweet — outside of the brevity, anyway. 

	










Lainey Wilson, Whirlwind

	“Whirlwind” is the too-appropriate title to summarize Lainey Wilson’s career since 2022 breakthrough LP Bell Bottom Country, with the past two years being a blur of hits, gigs, cameos and accolades for the always-rising singer-songwriter. The mania has most recently led to her fourth studio album, in which she sounds more self-assured than ever on tracks like the strutting victory lap “Country’s Cool Again,” the Jerry Reed-inspired kiss-off “Ring Finger” and the rip-roaring lead single “Hang Tight Honey.” But she allows she probably won’t be able to do it forever, pleading “I can’t keep trying to keep up with Jones” on the album’s George Jones-referencing opening track. 

Coldplay, Little Simz, Burna Boy, Elyana & TINI, “We Pray”

	Few would expect Chris Martin & Co. to lead off a New Music Friday single featuring an All-Star global cast of singers and rappers — but Coldplay have extended their pop-rock superstardom into its third decade largely due to their willingness to embrace younger artists and new sounds. So it’s not exactly shocking — and decently rousing — to hear Martin belting “We’ll be singing, Baraye!” over a booming Max Martin-co-produced beat as voices from around the world support him in hoping for simpler and safer times. “We Pray” will be featured on the band’s upcoming Mood Music album, due in October. 

	










Central Cee, “Billion Streams Freestyle” & “Bolide Noir”

	“Said that my b–ch was gay, got a billion streams,” U.K. rapper Central Cee boasts about his breakthrough hit “Doja” apparently passing the 10-digit mark in online plays. The hitmaking MC, whose takeover continues to make its way across the pond, releases two new songs this week to celebrate his achievement, both the gleeful “Freestyle” and the more downbeat “Bolide Noir,” featuring Paris rapper JRK 19, in which a bleary-eyed Cench raps, “When you’ve been through all the things that I have/ Everything else is a walk in the park.” Another rewarding release from one of the decade’s most exciting new rappers. 

Mk.gee, “Lonely Fight”

	In a year of major pop breakthroughs, bubbling up below the surface has been singer/songwriter Mk.gee, whose acclaimed debut album of emotional, intimate guitar ballads Two Star & The Dream Police has already earned him a fairly devoted cult following. That album only came out half a year ago, but the artist born Mike Gordon is already back with a new song: the gorgeous “Lonely Fight,” another transmission of aching guitar and warm fretless bass tied together by Gordon’s evocative but open-ended crooning. If you haven’t gotten on the bandwagon yet, be sure to hop on before LP2.

New Radicals, “Murder on the Dancefloor” & “Lost Stars”

	The New Radicals hadn’t released any new music since their cult classic 1998 debut LP Maybe You’ve Been Brainwashed Too spawned one of the most enduring pop-rock gems of its era, the recently DNC-featured “You Get What You Give.” Last night, however, they debuted two quasi-new songs, along with an open letter to Kamala Harris’ “super fan” husband Doug Emhoff, and a stated hope “to rally the cause of democracy and encourage all artists to get out the vote.” The “quasi” is due to both of the songs being covers of originals already penned by frontman Gregg Alexander — Sophie Ellis-Bextor’s Saltburn-revived “Murder on the Dancefloor” and “Lost Stars” from the 2013 film Begin Again — so not quite enough to raise hopes for any kind of full Brainwashed sequel, but long-Radicalized fans will still undoubtedly be very grateful for the new releases. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.