Needless to say, her ensemble was Short n’ Sweet
As Sabrina Carpenter rolls out her sixth studio album, Short n’ Sweet—which came out Friday—she has seemed to embody the project with outfits that resemble its title. At least, that was the case on Thursday night, when the singer wore sparkling blue micro shorts for an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. 
In line with her shimmering personal style, Carpenter threw on a baby blue set covered in teal sequins, which glittered underneath the stage lights with every move she made. Up top, the pop star wore a long-sleeved cardigan, fastening only the middle buttons to create a plunging neckline and expose a bit of her midriff. 
Given the “Please Please Please” singer’s short stature—“five feet, to be exact,” as she croons on her new album—the slightly oversize shirt would have easily fit like a minidress. In fact, the knit top extended beyond the length of Carpenter’s matching micro shorts, though a pair of towering Tiffany blue platform heels helped her make up some height. 
In terms of glam, the artist wore her platinum blonde hair in its signature blown-out style, complete with bouncy curls and voluminous curtain bangs. Her makeup included fluttering false eyelashes, a healthy dose of mauve blush, and a reddish-brown lipstick. 
While Carpenter’s look is certainly Short n’ Sweet, the album name refers to something else—and it doesn’t have to do with the singer’s “vertically challenged” height, she told Apple Music’s Zane Lowe in a recent interview. “I thought about some of these relationships and how some of them were the shortest I’ve ever had, and they affected me the most,” she revealed.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.