By 

	Tomás Mier


Margaret Qualley is a “hottie with substance,” indeed. During the last stop of Sabrina Carpenter‘s U.S. tour in L.A. Monday, the pop star joked with her producer Jack Antonoff, and made his wife Margaret her “Juno girl.”

	During each show on her recent tour run, Carpenter selects one person in the crowd to handcuff before performing her sexy song, “Juno.” At the Kia Forum show, Carpenter first selected Antonoff, who appeared on-screen with his arms crossed, before Carpenter pulled back her decision: “This is super awkward… I’m so confident you can produce someone even hotter than you.” (She’s, of course, referencing herself — Antonoff produced four of her Short n’ Sweet songs, including “Please Please Please.”)

	Then, Qualley walked into frame as Carpenter pointed at the actress. “Now that, ladies and gentlemen, this is a hottie with substance,” Carpenter said, joking about Qualley’s role as Sue in The Substance. “Whoever made you, God bless them. God bless their genetics.”

	









Sabrina Carpenter arrests Margaret Qualley during night 3 of the Short n Sweet tour in LA (and Jack Antonoff was there hahaha) #sabrinacarpenter #jackantonoff #sabrinacarpentershow #junosabrinacarpenter #margaretqualley 

	“I think that Margaret and Sabrina are good names to be in a relationship together,” Carpenter added. “Oh my God, my clothes just fell off, I was thinking about us!”

	Monday night’s show featured a celebrity-packed guest list, including Selena Gomez, Benny Blanco, Ben Platt, Finneas, Kylie Cantrall, Julia Michaels,  Lance Bass, and Xóchitl Gomez. Stars including Katy Perry, Carly Rae Jepsen, Hailey Bieber, Madison Beer, Kendall Jenner, and Marina were spotted at her earlier L.A. shows. 

Several celebrities have been handcuffed by Carpenter during the L.A. stops of the Short n’ Sweet tour: Rachel Sennott was arrested on Night One and Marcello Hernandez came out as his SNL character Domingo on Night Two. (Christina Aguilera also performed with Carpenter during Friday’s show.)





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Earlier in the night on Monday, Carpenter debuted the trailer for her holiday special, A Nonsense Christmas, onstage. The trailer revealed a list of guests including duets with Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain, and Kali Uchis. She’ll also welcome guests Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, and Jillian Bell for the special.

	While Monday night’s show was the last stop of the U.S. tour, she’ll head to Europe in March, with performances scheduled in London, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, and Milan. (Rachel Chinouriri will open for her during her European trek.)
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.