Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Anna Delvey hit the dance floor on Tuesday night’s (Sept. 17) Dancing with the Stars premiere, and did not dance around her criminal history.
During her introduction package ahead of her and partner Ezra Sosa’s cha cha routine — which was set to the band’s take on Sabrina Carpenter‘s “Espresso” — Delvey acknowledged that she “was accused of multiple kinds of grand larceny” in 2017 and “did serve [her] time.”
“And Dancing With the Stars is a way for me to show people a different side of me,” she added. “My prior history shows I’m pretty determined. It’s a quality to channel into something positive.”
She also said she has “reinvented [her]self many times, and this time, [she’s] going to be a ballroom dancer.”
Carrie Ann Inaba addressed the audience’s reaction to Delvey’s debut head on, as she pointed out “a shift in the energy” in the room once Delvey came out, per Entertainment Weekly.
“I would just like to say, let’s all just give this a chance, because I can imagine that this is scary for you,” she shared. “And I’m not pro or for or against anything that you’ve done, but this is about your dancing here. Let’s all give her that space, please.”
A post shared by Decider.com (@deciderdotcom)
As noted by EW, Delvey (who was born Anna Sorokin) was found guilty in 2019 of eight charges, including grand larceny and theft of services. Per BBC News, Delvey served nearly four years of prison time, but was taken into ICE custody after overstaying her visa in the U.S. Thus, Delvey, who was granted permission to leave her New York house arrest to compete on DWTS, sported an ankle monitor on the show.
The co-anchors of The View‘s hot topics table found themselves in hot water after they ripped the show for selecting Delvey as a contestant. Alyssa Farah Griffin claimed that Delvey “still owes people money,” prompting Delvey to order an “on-air correction” be made. Griffin obliged, reading out a statement on Tuesday’s (Sept. 17) episode.
Other Season 33 contestants include Tori Spelling, Joey Graziadei, Jenn Tran and Dwight Howard.
Dancing with the Stars airs on Tuesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC.

This story has been shared 2,423 times.
2,423


This story has been shared 2,297 times.
2,297


This story has been shared 1,169 times.
1,169


This story has been shared 764 times.
764


This story has been shared 494 times.
494


This story has been shared 457 times.
457


This story has been shared 429 times.
429


This story has been shared 353 times.
353


This story has been shared 335 times.
335


This story has been shared 255 times.
255


This story has been shared 208 times.
208


This story has been shared 207 times.
207


This story has been shared 172 times.
172


This story has been shared 171 times.
171


This story has been shared 157 times.
157