All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
We've been thinking about Sabrina Carpenter's signature blush look every night (Isn't that sweet? We guess so). Pop puns aside, the singer's radiant, glass-cutting cheeks are the star of her usual glam, and beauty TikTok has gone on a frenzy trying to find her exact blush to recreate her cheeky looks. Well, the hunt is over, because Allure can officially verify the cheat code to her flawless dewy-pink flush: a combination of two liquid blush shades à la Armani Beauty.
Armani Beauty
Nordstrom
Sephora
Armani Beauty
Nordstrom
Sephora
Think we're talking nonsense? Well, her go-to makeup artist, Carolina Gonzalez (who's also an Armani Beauty ambassador), spilled the tea on the cheek-enhancing concoction she uses for Miss Keoghan's Carpenter's usual looks, including the one she wore for her May 18 performance on Saturday Night Live. Gonzalez used the new-ish Armani Beauty Luminous Silk Cheek Tint in shades 53, a vibrant baby pink, and 62, a delicate mauve. No word on how, exactly, she applied the combination, but the internet is assuming Gonzalez used 53 as a base layer and 62 on top for a multidimensional finish.
Now we just have one more ask for Carpenter: Please, please, please spill the rest of your beauty routine.
Read more about our favorite celebrity beauty tips:
Now, watch Carpenter walk through her short n' sweet beauty routine:
Don't forget to follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices