The lyrics hint at a past on-and-off relationship made complicated by another woman. 
Sabrina Carpenter has good taste, and she’s letting everyone know with the latest single off her new album, Short n’ Sweet. 
In “Taste,” the singer gives a warning to her ex-lover’s new girl, and predicts all the moves he’s pulling on his rebound, since she witnessed them firsthand. The message isn’t unlike that of Olivia Rodrigo’s 2021 hit “deja vu”—which fans believe hinted at Carpenter as “the other woman”—though Carpenter’s “Taste” lyrics are a bit less wholesome than singing along to Billy Joel. 
Carpenter opens the song by joking about her small but mighty silhouette, reminding her ex’s new girlfriend that he was interested in Carpenter first. “Oh, I leave quite an impression, five feet to be exact,” she croons. “You’re wonderin’ why half his clothes went missin’, my body’s where they’re at.”
In the chorus, she sings more about leaving her impact: “I heard you’re back together and if that’s true / You’ll just have to taste me when he’s kissin’ you.” In the second verse, she offers another piece of evidence: “He’s funny, now all his jokes hit different / Guess who he learned that from?”
Fans have speculated that the on-and-off relationship Carpenter refers to in the song might be her rumored fling with Shawn Mendes in February 2023. The two singers were spotted together multiple times that year before Mendes reunited with Camilla Cabello—who, here, could be the other woman Carpenter sings about. 
Another clue lies in the album name itself. Carpenter recently told Apple Music’s Zane Lowe that Short ‘n Sweet wasn’t a reference to her “vertically challenged” height. “I thought about some of these relationships and how some of them were the shortest I’ve ever had, and they affected me the most,” she said. 
The musician elaborated more with a horror-inspired music video that saw Jenna Ortega play the role of the other woman. In the comical video, the two battle each other over Carpenter’s ex, referencing famous movies like Death Becomes Her and Psycho with gory scenes that include Ortega setting Carpenter on fire and pushing her out of a window to impale her on a white picket fence. But in the end (spoiler alert!), the two end up walking away from the boyfriend’s funeral together, realizing he was never worth the trouble. 
Below, watch the bloody music video, and check out the lyrics, courtesy of Genius.
Maya Ernest is an editor who covers everything from the latest fashion news to features that investigate personal style, social media trends, and thoughtful consumption. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.