Who Should Be Cast In The Britney Spear Biopic? (Scott Gries/Getty Images)
Who should be cast in the Britney Spears biopic? America has let their voice be heard! Do you agree with the options?
A Britney Spears biopic is reportedly in the works. We've seen popular movies about the lives of many singers including Elvis, Elton John, and Freddie Mercury. Now, it's Britney's turn but who should play the pop star? Who would you cast in the role if you were the casting director?
The Britney Spears biopic should be huge. We've all been following Britney's life since the late 90s and have seen the good, the bad, and the ugly. Whoever ends up playing her in the role should have a wide range of skills and moods. They'll have to sing, dance, croon, and take weird Instagram videos. Likewise, they'll have to be able to pull off the school-girl "Baby One More Time" Britney and the 2007 bald Britney. It's safe to say it won't be an easy role for any actress!
According to Ranker, Universal recently landed the rights to the singer's 2023 best-selling memoir The Woman in Me and will be directed by Jon M. Chu. Now, people are debating who would be the best choice to play her in the movie. 
Some believe Margot Robbie would be a good choice after seeing her performance in the Barbie movie. Sydney Sweeney is also receiving a lot of votes from the general public. She's one of the hottest stars in the game right now and I could see her in the role. However, the person getting the most votes on Ranker is Sabrina Carpenter and I must say I agree. 
Like Britney, Sabrina is a pop star who has likely been in similar situations and can relate to the star. Additionally, she also has experience acting. That's going to be important if you step into Britney's shoes. It seems like she'd be able to check all the boxes. She can sing, she can dance, she can act, and she looks the part. Is she the one to beat?
Other actresses that people think would be great for the role include Millie Bobby Brown from Stranger Things and Chloe Grace Moretz. Honestly, all of these options could work! I don't hate any of them. I think I'd throw my vote behind Sabrina Carpenter for the Britney Spears biopic. Who would you cast?
[newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!