The mob wife aesthetic was one of TikTok's favorite looks of early 2024. It seemed like everyone on our FYPs was donning faux fur coats, French manicures, and thick black eyeliner a la maximalist beauty icons like Carmela Soprano and Adriana La Cerva in The Sopranos. Given that TikTok-driven aesthetics change at a rapid pace, we kinda thought the mob wife aesthetic might be on its way out, but Sabrina Carpenter just said “Not so fast!” to that idea.
On December 10, Carpenter hit the streets of New York City looking like a blonde version of Fran Fine with mob wife-worthy curls. While the pop star typically wears her hair in big, bombshell curls, this set was especially fluffy and voluminous, definitely the result of some Velcro rollers, a teasing comb, and a large-barrel curling iron. Her hair was parted in the middle, with her signature curtain bangs brushed to either side of her forehead and blended into the rest of her hair. Combined with the leopard-trimmed miniskirt suit (one that bears a striking resemblance to an iconic Nanny ensemble, mind you), platform heels, and nude lipstick, Carpenter's curls made a compelling case for mob wife-inspired looks sticking around into 2025.
It's not entirely surprising that Carpenter would embrace the mob wife vibe, given that her entire aesthetic is pure va-va-voom vixen, with a touch of ‘50s and ’60s thrown in. “The mob wife aesthetic has a feeling of unbothered glamour. I think it’s trending because women like feeling powerful and glamorous," Haus Labs global artistry director Sarah Tanno told Allure earlier this year. Carpenter did stick to her usual makeup routine of flushed pink cheeks and lots of lashes, both of which definitely align with the maximalist approach of the mob wife aesthetic. Don't put your Elnett hairspray and hot rollers away just yet!
More fun celebrity hairstyles:
Now, watch a ballerina prep for The Nutcracker:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices