It’s the final day of BBC Radio 1’s Big Weekend 2024 at Stockwood Park in Luton, where an estimated 100,000 music fans have flocked to see the likes of Griff, RAYE and Cat Burns perform.


  But it’s not over just yet as the artists will be taking the stage one last time from 1pm this afternoon (May 26).


  Let’s take a look at Sunday’s line-up including what time you can watch Coldplay’s headline set from home.


  Find out how you can watch the rest of Radio 1’s Big Weekend on TV too.


  You can watch Coldplay's set on BBC One and iPlayer from 10.30pm tonight.


  Chris Martin, Jonny Buckland, Will Champion and Guy Berryman are no strangers to the Main Stage at Radio 1’s Big Weekend as they have also headlined in Glasgow (2014) and Exeter (2016).


    saturday spent watching @OfficialAitch ‘s set 🔥
    watch on @BBCiPlayer | listen on @BBCSounds 🎧 pic.twitter.com/VNAmikHTgM


A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)


  You can find more information about Radio 1's Big Weekend in Luton here.


Recommended reading:


  If you weren’t lucky enough to get tickets to Radio 1’s Big Weekend this year, then fear not.


  You can see the likes of Vampire Weekend and Sabrina Carpenter take to the stage today from wherever you are in the UK.


  Radio 1 is broadcasting live from the festival site across the weekend, with performances and tracks available live and on-demand across iPlayer.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.