Get concert tickets and go see live music!
 By Team JamBase Jun 28, 2024 • 5:31 am PDT
Concert tickets on sale today include Soul Coughing, Goose, André 3000, Sabrina Carpenter, Tycho, Ms. Lauryn Hill & Fugees, Peter Frampton, Circles Around The Sun & Grateful Shred, Bright Eyes, Anderson .Paak, Keller Williams & The Motet, The Wood Brothers, Tenacious D, L Giobbi, Blues Traveler, and others. 
Scroll down for links to purchase tickets to those upcoming shows (JamBase may earn a commission from affiliate ticket purchases).
Soul Coughing will reunite for a tour marking the band’s first shows in 25 years. The original four members – Mike Doughty, Sebastian Steinberg, Mark degli Antoni and Yuval Gabay – will perform together this September and October. 
Buy Soul Coughing reunion tour tickets through Ticketmaster at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy Soul Coughing reunion tour tickets through AXS at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy Soul Coughing reunion tour tickets through other outlets at 10 a.m. local time.

Photo by Ian Rawn

Goose extended their 2024 Fall Tour which will culminate with their annual Goosemas holiday concerts in December. The new fall dates get underway in September.
Buy Goose tickets via Ticketmaster at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy Goose tickets via other outlets at 10 a.m. local time.

Photo by Gabe Drechsler

Following a recent tour in support of his 2023 album, New Blue Sun, multi-talented musician André 3000 confirmed additional 2024 tour dates. The New Blue Sun Live In Concert Fall 2024 Tour begins on September 19 in New Orleans and wraps with a hometown performance in Atlanta on November 14. 
Buy André 3000 tickets via Ticketmaster.
Buy André 3000 tickets via AXS.
Buy André 3000 tickets through other outlets.
Singer-songwriter Sabrina Carpenter will embark on her 2024 North American The Short N’ Sweet Tour. Various stops along the 29-date arena tour will see support from Amaarae, Griff and Declan McKenna.
Buy Sabrina Carpenter The Short N’ Sweet Tour tickets through Ticketmaster.
Buy Sabrina Carpenter The Short N’ Sweet Tour tickets through AXS.
Tycho will perform across the United States and Canada later this year, marking the first headlining tour of North America in five years for the project helmed by Scott Hansen. The Infinite Health Tour spans September 13 to November 16. 
Get Tycho tickets through Ticketmaster.
Get Tycho tickets through AXS.
Get Tycho tickets through other outlets.
Ms. Lauryn Hill and Fugees announced The Miseducation Anniversary Tour 2024. The tour continuing the celebration of the 25th anniversary of Hill’s solo album The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, will commence on August 9 and run through October 20 with support from YG Marley.
Buy Ms. Lauryn Hill and Fugees tickets through Ticketmaster.com at 10 a.m. local time.

Photo by Austin Lord

Veteran rock guitarist Peter Frampton will embark on The Positively Thankful Tour later this year. The tour announcement comes in the wake of Frampton being voted into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame.
Peter Frampton’s The Positively Thankful Tour tickets via Ticketmaster.
Peter Frampton’s The Positively Thankful Tour tickets via AXS.
Circles Around The Sun and Grateful Shred are teaming for a tour in September. The For The First & Last Time…Again! Tour will see the bands focusing on the West Coast.
Buy Circles Around The Sun & Grateful Shred tickets through various outlets.

Photo via Bright Eyes Facebook

Bright Eyes confirmed tour dates in support of their upcoming new album, Five Dice, All Threes. The band will perform a few shows in the United States in September and October before heading to Europe for a run of concerts in November.
Buy Bright Eyes tickets through Ticketmaster.
Buy Bright Eyes tickets through AXS.
Buy Bright Eyes tickets through various outlets.
Anderson .Paak is set to celebrate his 2016 Grammy-nominated album Malibu on his newly announced fall tour. The multi-talented musician and his band The Free Nationals will perform the record coast-to-coast in September and October with special guests Maurice “Mobetta” Brown and GAWD.
Buy Anderson .Paak tickets via Ticketmaster at 9 a.m. local.
Buy Anderson .Paak tickets via other outlets at 9 a.m. local.
Keller Williams and The Motet are uniting for a string of 2024 Fall Tour dates. The band and singer-songwriter will travel through the Midwest and Southeast in October.
Buy Keller Williams & The Motet tickets via various outlets.

Photo by Shervin Lainez

The Wood Brothers confirmed details of their 2024 Fall Tour dates. The trio will embark on a 17-show run spanning November 13 and December 15 to end the year with Katie Pruitt, Lindsay Lou and Jobi Riccio each opening select dates.
Get The Wood Brothers tickets through Ticketmaster.com at 10 a.m. local time.
Get The Wood Brothers tickets through AXS.com at 10 a.m. local time.
Get The Wood Brothers tickets at other outlets/box offices at 10 a.m. local time.

Photo by Travis Shinn

Tenacious D announced their only U.S. tour dates of 2024 will take place in October. Jack Black and Kyle Gass will play five shows between October 21 and 26 with proceeds from each concert going towards Rock The Vote.  
Get Tenacious D tickets through Ticketmaster.com at 10 a.m. local time.

Photo by buttercreations

LP Giobbi (Leah Chisholm) confirmed a new album, Dotr, arriving on October 18 via Ninja Tune/Counter Records and previewed with the single, “Bittersweet,” featuring Portugal. The Man. The producer and DJ also announced her Way Back Home Fall Tour.
Buy LP Giobbi tickets via Ticketmaster at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy LP Giobbi tickets via AXS at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy LP Giobbi tickets via other outlets at 10 a.m. local time.
Blues Traveler will celebrate the 30th anniversary of their iconic 1994 album Four with an extensive tour this fall. The band will embark on a 25-city excursion spanning September 13 through November 17.
Buy Blues Traveler tickets on Ticketmaster at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy Blues Traveler tickets on AXS at 10 a.m. local time.
Buy Blues Traveler tickets via other outlets at 10 a.m. local time.
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.