By 

	Selome Hailu


	“Saturday Night Live” has set Maya Rudolph to host its May 11 episode alongside Vampire Weekend as musical guest, while the May 18 episode will by headlined by Jake Gyllenhaal with performances from Sabrina Carpenter.

	Rudolph was an “SNL” cast member for seven seasons from 2000 to 2007 and returns to the late-night sketch show for her third time as host, having previously hosted in 2012 with musical guest Sleigh Bells and in 2021 alongside Jack Harlow. Currently, she stars in and executive produces the Apple TV+ comedy “Loot.” Besides “SNL,” her prominent credits include “Bridesmaids,” “Sisters,” “The Good Place” and “Big Mouth.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					Jean Marsh, Emmy Winner and 'Upstairs, Downstairs' Co-Creator, Dies at 90		
			








	Vampire Weekend is currently touring its fifth album, “Only God Was Above Us.” May 11 will mark the band’s fourth appearance on “SNL.” Their previous albums include “Vampire Weekend,” “Contra,” “Modern Vampires of the City” and “Father of the Bride.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Gyllenhaal will host the “SNL” Season 49 finale as a third-time host, having previously led episodes in 2007 with the Shins as musical guest and in 2022 opposite Camila Cabello. The actor recently starred in Amazon Prime Video’s remake of the 1989 Patrick Swayze film “Road House” and will next be seen in Apple TV+’s “Presumed Innocent,” which he also executive produces. He is best known for films such as “Donnie Darko,” “Brokeback Mountain,” “Zodiac” and “Nightcrawler.”

	Carpenter will be making her “SNL” debut. She recently released the single “Espresso,” her first to hit the Billboard Top 10. She gained popularity as a musician after first building a career as an actress, most prominently on Disney Channel shows “Girl Meets World.” Her previous albums include “Emails I Can’t Send,” “Singular: Act I,” “Singular: Act II,” “Evolution” and “Eyes Wide Open.”
The Business of Entertainment