The rapper shared video of the disastrous turn of events on his Instagram. 
Lester Fabian Brathwaite is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where he covers breaking news, all things Real Housewives, and a rich cornucopia of popular culture. Formerly a senior editor at Out magazine, his work has appeared on NewNowNext, Queerty, Rolling Stone, and The New Yorker. He was also the first author signed to Phoebe Robinson's Tiny Reparations imprint. He met Oprah once.
 It's been a rough few weeks for Canada's favorite musician who isn't Céline Dion, Joni Mitchell, or Shania Twain (Bieber is a safe fifth).

 After getting his alleged BBL handed to him by Kendrick Lamar in what some are calling the greatest rap feud of all time, Drake's Toronto manse has flooded from three huge storms that have battered the city.

 Drake/Instagram
 Dreezy shared video on his Instagram Stories of gross-looking brown water flooding his otherwise immaculate foyer, captioning the post, "This better be Espresso Martini."

 For the man that gave us, "Oh well, guess you lose some and win some, long as the outcome is income," that could've been better. Like, why would you want espresso martini flooding your house? The stains alone. Of course, Drake, lover of turning up, could just turn it into a massive espresso martini party.

 Aside from the wrath of Mother Nature, Drake has also weathered the wrath of Lamar, who weeks after their feud appeared to come to an end, released a video for his coup de grâce diss, "Not Like Us."

 The single, released on May 4, got a video which premiered two months later on July 4, and is currently the No. 1 song in the country for the second week in a row. But in a bright-ish spot (for Drake), "Not Like Us" is only No. 4 in Drake's native Canada, right behind, rather ironically, Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso."

 Irony, much like Mother Nature, works in mysterious ways.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)