Victoria Monét graced the red carpet at the Time100 Next Gala serving vintage beauty in Roberto Cavalli.
Source: LEONARDO MUNOZ / Getty
With the style guidance of renowned celebrity stylist Kollin Carter, Victoria Monét is becoming a fashion girlie right before our eyes. The multihyphenate artist dazzled at the Time100 Next gala in a vintage red Roberto Cavalli gown, Bulgari jewels, and Jimmy Choo shoes. Monét served vintage beauty with a pin-up-inspired updo by Davontae’ Washington and soft glamorous makeup that perfectly complimented the entire look.
Source: TheStewartofNY / Getty
Victoria Monét’s silky red gown with a side cutout was a standout on the plush red carpet of the Time100 Next gala. Monet was in good company with fellow entertainers like Sabrina Carpenter, Nicola Coughlan, Kat Graham, Aisha Nyandoro, Jaylen Brown, and Kaia Gerber.
The Time100 Next list recognizes “100 emerging leaders from around the world who are shaping the future and defining the next generation of leadership.”
According to TIME Editor-in-Chief Sam Jacobs, “The TIME100 Next list was created to recognize that many of today’s most influential leaders are individuals who are not waiting long in life to make an impact.” Jacobs added, “Nor are they eager to respect the status quo by following the traditional power structures and pathways that have determined what influence looked like in the past. We aim with this annual franchise to recognize rising leaders and by doing so, not just show the stories that are capturing headlines in 2024, but also introduce you to the people who we believe will play an important role in leading the future.”
Since releasing her album Jaguar II with the hit single On My Mama, we’ve been seeing a whole lot of the songwriting, dancing, and singing phenom. And her fashion is evolving with her career. She recently released the deluxe version of Jaguar II and has been slaying the scene.
Source: TheStewartofNY / Getty
Monet recently made headlines for breaking up with her boyfriend John Gaines, with whom she shares her 2-year-old daughter Hazel.
It hasn’t slowed her down in the slightest. On top of being a Time100 honoree, her new disc has been highly praised for its modern take on her 90s aesthetic. We’re living for Victoria Monet and can’t wait to see where her career goes.
RELATED STORIES:
Victoria Monet Talks Motherhood, Music, And More In ‘Of The Essence’
9 Times Victoria Monet Showed Off Her Trendy Style On The Red Carpet


Victoria Monét Serves Vintage Beauty At The Time100 Next Gala 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Man Charged with Murder After Fatal Shooting at Gas Station								

									3 Dead in Double Murder-Suicide at Canal Winchester Apartment								

									Download Our New Power 107.5 Mobile App For Your Smartphone!								

									Win $250!								

									8th Annual SUMMER614								

									Buckeyes Visit the White House, JD Vance Fumbles Trophy [PHOTOS]								

									Win Tickets to See Wiz Khalifa & Sean Paul!								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.