Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Barry Keoghan has candidly spoken about his unique experience of fatherhood, confessing that his relationship with his son isn't "normal." The Hollywood actor is currently on a promotional tour for his new film Bird, which explores the complex relationship between 12 year old Bailey (played by Nykiya Adams) and her single dad, Bug, portrayed by Barry. The star revealed that he channelled his own challenging childhood to bring authenticity to his role, and also drew from his personal experiences as a dad. While at the Toronto Film Festival, he shared: "I'll just say this - I didn't have a father figure growing up, so even my relationship with my son isn't quite of the normal father-son relationship, because I don't have that figure to draw experience from and to base it on."
"Love, you don't need anything to draw from, love is pure, and so I'm not on about that, but I'm on about little stuff like teaching your son this or teaching your daughter that." Barry became a father in 2022 when he and his now ex-girlfriend Alyson Sandro welcomed their baby son Brando. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, he confessed that his parenting journey with Brando significantly influenced how he developed depth for his character on screen. He explained: "Going into this, I didn't have that [normal experience], so it's a very brother-sister kind of chemistry going on [for Bug and Bailey], which I felt was right for it. And you see that these days - there's a lot of young fathers out there and young mothers and they're almost like sibling-like, you know what I mean? Which is beautiful."
He further highlighted the film's portrayal of pivotal moments where Bug "has to step up as a father and make very important choices and decisions, and they may not be the best ones. But for me, the experience of playing a father was - obviously I'm a father, but at that age, she's 12 in the movie, and it's like, what do I base it on?"
Barry, who hails from Dublin and famously endured a challenging childhood including time in foster care after his mother, who battled drug addiction, passed away. He and his brother Eric were placed in foster care, moving through 13 different homes before eventually being taken in by their grandmother, aunt, and older sister Gemma.
The actor recently shared an adorable rare photo of his son amid rumours that he has split from pop star Sabrina Carpenter. The 31 year old Saltburn actor broke his silence amid reports of a break-up after the pop star grew tired of his 'partying'.
In his first social media post since the split reports emerged, he shared a precious moment with his son Brando, complete with dinosaur toys and a pacifier, to his 2.7 million followers. The Irish actor captioned the post: "He's more of a charmer than i am. Our wee Brando."