By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:38, 7 April 2024   |  Updated:  00:41, 9 April 2024   
 247
View  comments
Kim Kardashian took to Instagram on Sunday to share sultry bikini-clad photos from her Turks and Caicos family vacation. 
The 43-year-old stunner — whose show American Horror Story: Delicate is number one on Hulu — posed up in an animal print SKIMS bikini and added a clever caption.
Using the first line from Beyonce's song Texas Hold' Em, the mogul wrote, 'This ain’t Texas,' and added a personal touch: '…it’s Turks.' 
The siren gave her 364 million followers plenty to gawk at as she uploaded multiple sexy images to her carousel post.
The mother-of-four sizzled with her damp, raven locks flowing down her back as they streamed out from underneath a black Stetson 20X Gus cowboy hat from Kemo Sabe.
Kim Kardashian took to Instagram on Sunday to share sultry bikini-clad photos from her Turks and Caicos family vacation
The 43-year-old stunner — whose show American Horror Story: Delicate is number one on Hulu — posed up in an animal print SKIMS bikini and added a clever caption
Using the first line from Beyonce 's song Texas Hold' Em, the mogul wrote, 'This ain’t Texas,' and added a personal touch: '…it’s Turks'
The busty beauty looked hot as ever as she showed off her makeup-free complexion. 
She layered two gold necklaces with cross pendants and wore an anklet around one of her ankles.
Kim's sisters Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian also made an appearance in the post, with the billionaire tagging them in one picture.
For her part, 39-year-old Khloe was plopped right next to her big sister in the sand.
She wore a one-piece SKIMS swimsuit in the same patterned material as Kim's.
The mother-of-two, who shares True, five, and Tatum, two in July with ex-boyfriend Tristan Thompson, tied a scarf around her lengthy blonde hair.
And Kourtney was in the background of the photo, stretched out in a lounge chair as she modeled a black bikini. 
The moms appeared to be kid-free in the pictures. 
Kim shares North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four, with ex-husband Kanye West.
Kourtney welcomed Mason Disick, 14, Penelope Disick, 11, and Reign Disick, nine, with ex-beau Scott Disick, 40. She married rockstar Travis Barker in 2022 and they welcomed a son named Rocky, in late 2023.
The siren gave her 364 million followers plenty to gawk at as she uploaded multiple sexy images to her carousel post
The mother-of-four sizzled with her damp, raven locks flowing down her back as they streamed out from underneath a black cowboy hat
Kardashian put on a very busty display in her classic triangle swimsuit 
Kim's sisters Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian also made an appearance in the post, with the billionaire tagging them in one picture
Kim has achieved billionaire status with the success of her brands SKIMS, and SKKN By Kim (formerly KKW Beauty).
She often enlists A-listers to head her creative and elaborate campaigns for the undergarment brand, which has expanded to swimwear and loungewear.
The latest celebrity to appear as the face of the company is singer-songwriter Sabrina Carpenter.
Before that, she called upon superstar Call Her Daddy podcaster Alex Cooper for a wedding-themed shoot ahead of her nuptials with fiancé Matt Kaplan.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group