With summer weddings happening left, right and centre, finding dresses that are suitable for those events but can also be re-worn can be difficult. You don’t realistically want to spend too much money just for one day so finding an affordable dress that you can wear to other events is the aim.   I headed to Mango, who are really nailing their occasionwear this year, to see if they had any hidden gems when I spotted their leopard print slip dress available for £35.99 here. The 90s style slip dress features a round neck, and thin straps and comes in a very on-trend animal print.   Although I wouldn’t recommend wearing this to a hugely formal, black tie wedding as it is on the more casual side for a wedding guest outfit, I think it’s a great option for those events that are a bit more relaxed and casual. For under £40, I couldn’t believe the price when I picked the piece up in-store.
READ MORE: 'I spotted Marks & Spencer's trending smocked midi dress in store and it's ideal for summer holidays'
What I love most about this dress is the versatility of it. The maxi length combined with the thin straps and neckline means this dress is formal enough to wear to certain occasions, including summer weddings or garden parties. But equally, you can tone the dress down for the daytime by layering a white t-shirt underneath or style with a cool leather jacket and strappy heels for a night out with the girls.
 To make it even better, the leopard print is so on-trend. Despite leopard print really having its moment this year thanks to the ‘mob wife’ aesthetic and brands such as Ganni and Rixo, in my eyes, it’s still a timeless print that won’t ever go out of style.   If you are on the hunt for the perfect wedding guest dress but the leopard isn’t your style, Mango is having a huge up to 50% off summer sale where loads of their occasionwear dresses are discounted. This red asymmetric ruffled dress is reduced from £109.99 to £79.99 here. Similar to styles from luxe brand Rat & Boa, this dress looks massively high-end.   Alternatively, take some inspiration from Sabrina Carpenter and Kate Hudson’s iconic movie character Andie Anderson by opting for a silky yellow dress like this one from Bardot on Asos.