In a cover story interview with 'Variety,' the pop star discussed how there "was a lot of questioning" when it came to releasing her smash hit
Matthew Sprout/Variety
Sabrina Carpenter had to fight for "Espresso."
In a cover story interview with Variety on Aug. 6, the pop star, 25, discussed how there "was a lot of questioning" when it came to releasing her smash hit, which became her first top-five on the Billboard's Hot 100 and her first No. 1 in the U.K., Ireland and Australia.
"I was completely alone in wanting to release ‘Espresso.’ Not so much from my immediate team. But when it came to ‘the powers above,’” Carpenter told the outlet.
She continued: "There was a lot of questioning behind whether it made sense. But they trusted me in the end, and I was happy that I believed in myself at that moment."
Matthew Sprout/Variety
Related: Sabrina Carpenter on the Viral Success of 'Espresso': 'I Just Love That People Get My Sense of Humor'
In June, Carpenter also opened up to Rolling Stone about how her song "Espresso" had become such a hit.
“My mom has been like, ‘Do you feel crazy right now?’” she said of the track in the publication. “I just love that people get my sense of humor."
Carpenter had revealed that the song was inspired by a trip to a crêperie while she was in France and had resulted in an insanely catchy chorus, which she remains unapologetic about.
"I decided to put that burden on other people,” Carpenter teased.
The "Nonsense" artist also discussed how working with songwriters Steph Jones and Amy Allen, as well as producer Julian Bunetta, inspired the quotable song.
"That’s the only way those borderline idiotic-slash-funniest lyrics can happen,” Carpenter said. “I’ve really honed in on the people that I love making music with.”
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 
Matthew Sprout/Variety
Related: Sabrina Carpenter Releasing Espresso Ice Cream Following Success of Hit Song: 'It Is That Sweet'
Following the success of "Espresso," the "Sue Me" performer announced a collaboration Van Leeuwen for an espresso-flavored ice cream, which began June 28.
"Available starting JUNE 28th!!!!!" Carpenter wrote over an image of her hands holding a closed blue carton of ice cream featuring a photo from the single's cover art.
On the second photo, which showcased the sweet treat's swirl, she played off her song's lyrics in the caption: "It is that sweet."
Carpenter will release her sixth studio album Short n’ Sweet on Aug. 23.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.
Kayne West's wife dropped jaws with her barely-there look.
The 'Overboard' actress penned a heartbreaking tribute following the sad news.
The Prince and Princess of Wales’ only daughter has hit double digits!
Harry spoke out following the failure of his multimillion-pound legal battle to reinstate publicly funded security protection in the UK
They just announced it!
This is not your typical backyard barbecue.
Let's see how many of these YOU follow every day.
The Rhode founder was recently crowned Beauty Innovator of the Year.
The prince's BBC interview is first-hand confirmation of the scale of the royal rift, writes royal correspondent Sean Coughlan.
Parton appeared on "Today," where she revealed what life is like without her husband of nearly six decades.
The Duke of Sussex spoke in a BBC television interview after losing the latest round in a court battle over his security.
I hope I look this good when I'm 40.
"You could discover amazing music that never got played on basic radio."
Fox played her first-ever DJ set, which fittingly included her single "Down the Drain."
"Candace and I – we just live very different lifestyles."
Pizza night is about to get a whole lot better.
Taking to Instagram on Sunday, the royal - who has been married to Prince Harry since 2018 - posted three snaps, showing time in a garden with her daughter Princess Lilibet, three, and son Prince Archie, five. ”Sunday kind of love... with my little loves," Meghan wrote in the caption. Earlier on the weekend, she also uploaded some behind-the-scenes videos on her Instagram Stories, including footage of her doing some home cooking. Referring to one of the clips as "cozy family weekends," Meghan is seen making one of her signature fruit preserves…
The royal got candid about his strained relationship with his father.
The actress behind Lucy Ewing says castmates like Barbara Bel Geddes, Jim Davis, and Larry Hagman "had a stellar work ethic" and she "just watched them."
He was seen in an outfit reminiscent of one of Taylor Swift’s ‘eras’ near her NYC home.