By GINA KALSI FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:44, 26 October 2024   |  Updated:  13:46, 26 October 2024   
 32
View  comments
It's hard to believe that Blank Street Coffee launched just four years ago from a cart in Brooklyn New York.
But with the growing number of sage green storefronts popping up around London, Manchester and now Birmingham, there's no question that the company has already made its mark in Britain.
And the new coffee giant already has an impressive online portfolio and cult following, with its product often featuring on content creators' accounts, advertising their aesthetic packaging to thousands of eyeballs - without paying a penny. 
But as influencers line up outside city centre stores to take snaps of their blueberry iced matcha drinks which are later posted all over Instagram, coffee lovers might be surprised to know the chain doesn't actually brew its own java - and instead, baristas produce coffee at the touch of a button.
But according to marketing experts, this doesn't seem to have put customers off visiting the chain to grab a brew and take a photo. 
There is a growing number of sage green storefronts popping up around London (pictured), Manchester and now Birmingham
Co-founders, Vinay Menda and Issam Freiha, wanted to market their company as more efficient than other cafes, rivalling the likes of Starbucks and Costa.
They have instead splashed out on Eversys espresso machines for each of their locations, which automate a large part of what coffee artists would usually do, from grinding the beans to steaming milk.
The machines range and can cost between £29,000 to £62,500, churning out between 350 to 525 espressos an hour, according to Bridge Coffee Roasters. 
The firm's UK managing director Ignacio Llado told City.am that the automated coffee machines 'help employees focus less on the manual work but more on the customer experience'.
Each Blank Street location is noticeably smaller than its competitors too, around 300 to 600 sq ft, and that is not by chance. Llado also told the outlet that it is able to keep prices competitive because of its tiny stores.
It makes it more of a grab and go place rather than a hub for remote workers, who have recently been banned by some coffee shops as they don't buy enough drinks.
However according to Hannah O'Donoghue, who runs Manchester-based marketing agency January 92 Socials, the Gen Z clients who flock to Blank Street in their droves don't actually much care about the quality of the coffee; rather, the social media aesthetic of carrying a sage green cup.
She told FEMAIL: 'You didn't know Blank Street and then one week you knew who they were. That is because people want to take pictures of the aesthetic packaging because of how the packaging looks,' she said. 
'It's the exclusivity of it as well. When it wasn't in Manchester, people were dying for it. There was never a big announcement that they were coming, they just [quietly] landed.'
Hannah continued: 'I don't think people care what it tastes like. It matches up with the popular 'clean girl' vibe. People go to Pilates or barre then you're going to go to Blank Street after. I don't think they care about the taste.'
Meanwhile Catherine Warrilow, founder of The Plot, a brand strategy specialist for leisure and tourism businesses, said user generated content - content creator by people and shared on social media - is very important to Blank Street's business. 
She said: 'Whilst Blank may not have chosen to go down the route of traditional paid ads, they will definitely have created the marketing foundations for customers to want to share user generated content - and it's paying dividends. 
'Third party content is always far more of an endorsement and more influential than any paid advertising. 
The coffee giant already has an impressive online portfolio and cult following, with its product often featuring on content creators' accounts
A post shared by Maddie (Macerly) Borge (@maddieborge)
'Where Blank have been really smart is investing their budget in creating a brand that people want to be a part of - creating an experience that inadvertently creates a community of super fans who then do your advertising for you.' 
It's no secret that café lovers enjoy good coffee art and since the rise of social media and smartphones, it is now normal to take a snap of a barista's hard work and show it off online.
And the mint green colour may be the key to its success. 
Instagram marketing expert Estelle Keeber from Leicestershire said: 'Blank Street's branding is sharp, stylish, and unforgettable—mint green is genius. It's not just a colour; it's a whole mood. 
'That shade is calming yet refreshing, standing out among the sea of browns and reds that dominate most coffee brands. 
'Mint green pops in photos, drawing attention effortlessly. When someone is scrolling through Instagram, this colour palette captures attention, creating instant brand recognition.'
The store, particularly popular with Gen Z and Millennials, also teamed up with one of the most popular singers of 2024 - Sabrina Carpenter
You may have seen the neon green iced blueberry matcha drinks flooding your TikTok and Instagram feeds
The store, particularly popular with Gen Z and Millennials, also teamed up with one of the most in-demand singers of 2024 - Sabrina Carpenter. 
The 25-year-old took a trip to one of the stores in London and served customers in a bid to promote her hit song, Espresso.
Hannah thought this was a great tactic, as Sabrina fits in with the brand's image very well, adding that collaborating with a brand like Starbucks would be 'too corporate' for the star.
But don't let the brightly coloured coffee cups fool you. If anything, Blank Street is one of the most white-collar companies out there.
Blank Street splashed out on Eversys espresso machines for each of their locations, which automate a large part of what coffee artists would usually do
If you've passed by a Blank Street store, influencers are usually stood outside with cameras, trying to get the perfect shot
The chain is venture capital-backed, meaning that it has not been organically grown from self-funding, but instead, has sought investments to fuel rapid growth. 
The company was valued at £167.3m ($218m) according to PitchBook from 2022. 
The New York Times said that Blank Street raised £51.4m ($67m) in 2021 - one year after it opened - and reported the investors included 'venture capital funds like General Catalyst and Tiger Global, the founders of Allbirds and Warby Parker, and the real estate giant Tishman Speyer.'
But sceptical people have hit out at the store on social media and resent that it has used Wall Street money to expand in an already saturated market that is dominated by small businesses. 
On some note, founders Vinay and Issam knew their brand was going to become an overnight success, as they already begun selling merchandise instore when they arrived in the UK - despite never entering a British market before. 
The corporation is selling 'Matcha' coloured nail varnish for £12 and a T-shirt with their logo on for £25. 
Blank Street Coffee was also involved in a legal battle with a family-run vegan café in Brixton named Blank Coffee.
The business - owned by Warner Newman and Samantha McKinson - claimed Blank Street Coffee's 'highly similar' brand was causing reputational damage to its 'indie vibe'.
Blank Coffee was founded in 2015 as a cart and expanded into a café in south London in 2018.  
The founders of Blank Coffee attempted to oppose the Blank Street Coffee trademark in the UK and claimed the American business would 'amount to a misrepresentation likely to lead to confusion as to the origin of their goods,' according to the Guardian. 
Blank Coffee, located Brixton is believed to be called 2.0 Coffee and has a brand new store front (pictured) 
2.0 Coffee released a statement on the matter last month to update their followers on their past difficulties
Blank Street Coffee denied claims of copying the small British business. They released this statement which was stated in the outlet: 'Blank Street Coffee was founded in May 2020 in New York and we're proud of the brand we've built and grateful to the customers we've served. 
'Blank Brixton has made numerous false claims that we strongly refute. We hope to find a resolution to the intellectual property dispute soon.'
The company appears to have changed its name to 2.0 Coffee as of August, starting a fresh Instagram page and generating a brand new website.
Google Street View images taken in July this year, show the storefront completely ripped of its Blank Coffee branding, but Google reviews under 2.0 Coffee show pictures of mugs with the old logo on. 
2.0 Coffee released an Instagram statement last month but did not name the companies involved. 
They wrote: 'A lot of people would like to come in and have a chat about a delicate matter that we are no longer able to address.
'It is widely known that we experienced a challenging period for 2 and 1/2 years due to our involvement in a highly complex legal dispute.
'Despite our legal battle, we encountered numerous difficulties such as almost losing a pregnancy, facing financial ruin, and being on the brink of homelessness, all while struggling against a large corporation to save our business.
'At times, it can come across as disrespectful that people do not respect this and choose to come into our business to discuss the old with us and then walk out without even supporting our movement.
'We do not wish to discuss something that was so traumatizing to us. Our goal is to progress and further develop 2.0 into a renowned brand that caters to all individuals in the UK.'
2.0 Coffee did not wish to comment.
A Blank Street Coffee spokesperson said: 'At Blank Street, we are redefining what it means to be a coffee chain today. We want to transform what is typically a five minute grab-and-go transaction into a memorable break for our customers. 
'Although our company has grown significantly over the past two years, in reality, we represent just ~0.5 per cent of the UK market share. We are still a very small player in a UK coffee sector that is dominated by larger chains.
'Our focus is on elevating the experience as a whole, and producing the perfect espresso shot is one key part of that experience. This is why we have invested in Eversys machines, which deliver consistently high quality, specialty grade espresso shots. 
'Our trained baristas are in charge of the whole process, and go the extra mile to make the experience memorable with latte art and layering of innovative matchas.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group