Sam Hunt performs during day 3 of the Windy City Smokeout on Saturday, Aug. 06, 2022, in Chicago.Rob Grabowski/Invision/AP
Country music star Sam Hunt is bringing his “Locked Up” tour to the CMAC Performing Arts Center in Canandaigua, NY, about a 30-minute drive south of Rochester, on Thursday, August 15. The concert starts at 6:30 p.m., with special guests Tyler Hubbard and Dalton Dover opening.
Tickets can be purchased online through Ticketmaster, starting at $48.90 for lawn general admission. Tickets are also available through secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, including sold-out front section seating.
Following his Canandaigua show, Hunt will make other nearby stops in Niagara Falls, Ottawa and Montreal for Lasso Festival.
A complete list of Hunt’s tour dates is available here.
Hunt is known for his popular tracks like “Body Like a Back Road,” “House Party,” “Leave the Night On,” “Kinfolks” and “Breaking Up was Easy in the ‘90s.” He recently released his EP “Locked Up” on April 5.
Hubbard is a country music singer-songwriter, best known as one half of the duo Florida Georgia Line. In 2023, he released his debut solo album, “Tyler Hubbard,” followed by his second studio album, “Strong,” in April 2024.
Dover is a country music artist who gained attention with his debut single, “You Got a Small Town.” His debut EP, “Dalton Dover,” was released in 2022. His latest single, “Here’s The Deal,” is a tribute to his hometown of Aragon, Georgia.
Can’t get enough live music? Sam Hunt isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Imagine Dragons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices