News & Analysis on Cosmetics Innovation
Based on what we saw at this year’s In-Cosmetics Global show, here’s what beauty and personal care brands, formulators and cosmetics lovers will need to know about future industry trends... 
From pastel-blue powder to neutralise sallowness to the most glittering pigment we have ever seen. Here’s a roundup of the most exciting makeup ingredient launches we saw at InCosmetics Global 2025...
Use of GLP-1 receptor agonist drugs for weight loss is having such a dramatic impact on users’ skin and facial structure that the cosmetic medicine industry has created a specific set of guidelines to navigate this topic. We found out more...
We explore how personal care ingredients companies are fusing new tech with human emotions to take beauty and personal care product formulations to the next level... 
The Beauty & Wellbeing and Personal Care divisions are still leading growth for Unilever – as its other divisions saw Q1 marked by “macroeconomic uncertainty.”
The UK-based brand, which is famous for its plant-based ingredients and tech-savvy products has bought the sensitive skin care range – its second acquisition in the past year.  
We spoke to home hair colour brand Clairol about its first mural wall takeover and biggest marketing campaign to date…
The European Union has again raised the issue of the dangers of cheap cosmetics being sold on ecommerce sites, such as Temu and Shein. 
We explore what’s influencing the colour cosmetics category. 
Longevity. It’s so hot right now! That’s why we hunted down the new launches in this ever-growing space at this year’s InCosmetics Global. Here’s what we found... 
A year after the scandal of Gen A beauty fans using skin care products designed for ageing skin, we explored what’s happening with the ‘Sephora Kids’ who dominated headlines. 
The beauty and personal care brand is breaking new ground with the launch of a mental wellness space in its Schiphol airport store.  
We saw plenty of novelties at this year’s In-Cosmetics Global show. Read on to discover some of the most exciting new launches in ingredients, textures & formats...
As more people complain of having sensitive and redness-prone skin, there have been plenty of breakthroughs in this sector to formulate for sensitive skin...
With this year’s In-Cosmetics Global show taking place in Amsterdam, we explored the trends in the cosmetics industry in The Netherlands…
The industry awards revealed some of the most cutting-edge innovations that are being unveiled at the show...
With new US tariffs and economic uncertainty reshaping consumer spending, we examined how social commerce is evolving in the current beauty industry landscape. 
With the ‘skinification’ of the beauty industry showing no signs of slowing, peptides are gaining traction in hair care NPD. 
FEBEA, which represents the world’s largest cosmetics exporter is calling for “a strengthening of its competitiveness” on the EU market.
Vitamins, mineral oils, mineral sunscreen filters and various fatty acids are among the list, which also includes many clean beauty and sustainable packaging ingredients.  
With much of the world preparing to enter a trade war with the US, all cosmetics businesses, particularly SMEs, will be impacted. We found out more...
Japanese brand Syoss is launching a premium hair dye formulated with natural clay amid rising concerns regarding grey hair among older consumers.
New consumer research from Kenvue reveals that young people in particular are buying expensive products but forgetting the hygiene basics. 
The sale includes cosmetics ingredients company Mibelle Biochemistry. 
The world’s biggest cosmetics ingredients exhibition opens on 8 April and has just announced its awards nominees, showcasing cutting-edge innovation in ingredients.  
Although fragrance has long been used to boost mood and trigger emotions, we are seeing more targeted creations designed to soothe the mind. Here’s why...
Here’s why  the French multinational has partnered with a leading epigenomics testing company.
Here’s why the ecommerce beauty and wellness retailer has partnered with commerce media company Criteo.
We spoke to the ingredients company to find out why and how it has used digital gaming for its 2025 concept formulation collection.
The world’s biggest beauty trade show took place in Italy last weekend, where some of the beauty industry’s most exciting innovations were unveiled. 
The UK-based company has tapped a new section of the fragrance category.  
The region’s biggest beauty retailer has lowered its forecast for the current financial year, citing a market downturn. 
The firm claims that product imagery is being created twice as fast and at half of the cost. 
Scientist for innovation & research at Keune Haircosmetics Vincent van’t Hof said he expects a “stronger emphasis on clinical trials” to drive future hair care innovation. 
The 56th edition of Cosmoprof Worldwide Bologna is set to open its doors to the beauty industry on Thursday 20 March with a brand new layout. 
According to Emily Safian-Demers, Director of Insights at Front Row, skin care sales grew 26% YoY 2023 vs. 2024 with beauty sales growing 17% YoY H1 2023 vs. H1 2024.  
Today, 16 CEOs from across the European beauty and personal care industry gathered in Brussels to ask EU policymakers to ensure the sector stays competitive on a global scale. 
L’Oréal Research & Innovation (R&I) Japan has developed new self-repairing UV protection technology that will debut with Lancôme in April.
The company’s research discovered that Glycyrrhiza uralensis extract is a promising natural alternative to aid collagen production and enhance skin density for post-menopausal women.
How the beauty industry’s focus has switched from fixing wrinkles to science-focused ‘prejuvenation’.
“As a decades-long leader in leveraging biotechnology to develop high-performing skin care products, we see cross-industry collaborations like these as a meaningful way to accelerate the creation of innovative products that enhance the consumer...
The €20m five-year programme is led by its Dermatological Beauty Division and aims to reach the 2.1bn people in the world living with skin disease.
We spoke to the cofounders of the pioneering disruptor brand about what’s coming next in the skin care category. 
Carmine is known to be one of the hardest molecules to innovate with. We spoke to the company that has created a breakthrough biotech version of this ingredient...
In February, the US-based online retailer opened a brick-and-mortar store in Milan city centre.
We spoke to the business intelligence firm’s beauty consultant about innovation, the needs of Gen Z and TikTok-driven beauty.  
The French brand is the latest fashion house to step into cosmetics and has worked with legendary makeup artist Pat McGrath to create the collection. 

Swiss-Canadian company Lucas Meyer Cosmetics by Clariant has given a glimpse of three new ingredients it will launch at the In-Cosmetics Global show in Amsterdam this April. 
As a result of the new partnership, consumers can now easily access and identify scientifically accredited skin care products through the Clear app. 
In a new report, developed with Together Group, the UK-based trends and intelligence company said that longevity and wellbeing are becoming “core to luxury’s evolving value proposition.”
By Citrine Informatics 
13 Feb 2025
By Catalent
Paid for and content provided by Meiyume
Paid for and in partnership with Univar Europe Ltd.
Paid for and content provided by Provital