It's giving noughties Bratz doll realness 
We love a good Y2K look here at Cosmo, whether it's Sabrina Carpenter in a mini bubble skirt, Rihanna's #Back2Skool hairstyle, or Addison Rae literally channelling Lizzie McGuire in a nostalgic Trevi Fountain photoshoot. Seriously, it gives us life. 
And, the latest celebrity to lean into the iconic noughties aesthetic is none other than Jennifer Lopez. The 54-year-old just took to the gram to share three pics of her wearing an all-white outfit that looks like something we deffo would have dressed our Bratz dolls up in back in the day. 
Consisting of a pair of white denim jeans and a plunging white fitted halter top, JLo took things up a Y2K notch by adding a chunky brown suede belt and an oversized tan leather bag. Oh, the nostalgia! 
Not forgetting the accessories, the singer paired the casual look with a pair of chunky gold Chanel hooped earrings and a statement gold bangle. Then, JLo styled her honey blonde locks in a slicked back low bun with a middle parting to tie the aesthetic together. Makeup-wise, she opted for a subtle winged eyeliner, a touch of blush, and a nude-pink shiny lipgloss. 
After posting the carousel to her grid - which reached her 252 million followers - plenty of the actor's fans took to the comments section to rave over the look. This included fellow Y2K lover Sabrina Carpenter, who simply typed: "beautiful!!!!" Not to mention the queen of noughties fashion herself, Paris Hilton, who dropped a heart-eye emoji. 
Officially *obsessed* with this vibe.
Sophie Williams is a Freelance Journalist and Copywriter, covering everything from Fashion to Entertainment to music, Lifestyle and Features. She has interviewed a range of musical artists and authors including Alyssa Edwards, Courtney Barnett, Confidence Man, The Vaccines, Loyle Carner, Gabrielle, and John Niven, and has written for publications like Metro, Reader's Digest, ITV's Woo! and Vice’s NBGA. She is also working on a book for HarperCollins about Taylor Swift, due to be published in 2024.  
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Take note: these 5 bag trends are big news in 2025
Pepper bras are perfect for gals with small boobs
Shop these runway-approved spring jacket trends
These are the 16 best shoe brands to shop in 2025
Where to shop the best Ransom Canyon outfits
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Labubus restock alert! Buy them here right now
PSA: A Rixo x Dragon Diffusion collab is coming!
You can now shop Magda Butrym H&M design collab!
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.