Barry Keoghan has hit back at cruel trolls who claim he's a "deadbeat dad" as he makes a rare remark about superstae popstar girlfriend.
The Saltburn actor has confirmed his relationship status with US popstar Sabrina Carpenter when asked about it on Spotify's The Louis Theroux Podcast, and said he was 'blessed' to be with the singer. But while he gushed over his girlfriend, Barry also addressed claims of his parenting, as he said "disgusting" trolls use his son as "ammunition" against him. While he keeps his son Brando relatively out of the public eye, Barry said people will still make comments over being an absent father.
Barry was asked directly by podcast host Louis Theroux about his relationship status. "Oh, I knew you'd do this,' he laughed and went on to praise the Espresso singer for her incredible talent. "Listen, all I'm going to say is I'm incredibly blessed. Such a strong, independent lady who's massively talented and yeah. "Pretty special," he added. However, the pair have been keeping their relationship relatively low-key.
Barry also has a two-year-old Brando son, who he shares with his former partner Alyson Kierans, a dentist from London. But while he tends to keep his son away from the spotlight, he says people assume he's absent in his life and a "lazy" father. Speaking on the podcast, Barry opened up about the impact of online trolling over his parenting has had on him as well as his own struggles growing up in care. He shared how his mother had died from a drug addiction and the toll it took on him. He also slammed negative comments over his own parenting and said he didn't have a "blueprint" to learn off. "People kind of have a judgment on me as a parent," he said.
"I'm like, well until you've walked a day in my shoes growing up as a kid, then you can't comment. There's a lot online. If I didn't have tough skin or the strength I have, I wouldn't be sitting here. Of course, [my childhood] is going to affect me being a father when I had no blueprint to take from. People just read that [as] laziness and go 'Oh, that's no excuse to be an absent father'. I'm not an absent father.
"But people love to use my son as ammunition or whatever. And it kind of leads me to stop, the more attention I've got lately and the more in the public I've become, the less I've posted about my child, because I don't think it's fair to put my child online." He said people "draw a narrative" of him not being present in Brando's life and call him a "deadbeat dad" which he admitted makes him "furious".
Do you have a story to share? Email niamh.kirk@reachplc.com
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.