by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

Barry Keoghan has been plagued with those “absent dad” memes and criticisms for years, and now, he’s officially putting his foot down,

	










	While speaking on The Louis Theroux podcast, Keoghan talked about how the internet has dubbed him an “absent dad,” and how untrue it actually is.

	“People just read that (as) laziness and go, ‘Oh, that’s no excuse to be an absent father’. I’m not an absent father. But it’s just, again, people love to use my son as ammunition or whatever,” he said on the Nov 5 episode of the podcast. “And it kind of leads me to stop, the more attention I’ve got lately and the more in the public I’ve become, the less I’ve posted about my child, because I don’t think it’s fair to put my child online.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	He added, “People draw a narrative and go ‘absent father, [expletive], deadbeat dad’, and more disgusting things I wouldn’t even repeat. Just the audacity of some people, man. It sickens me, makes me furious.”

	For those who don’t know, Keoghan and his ex Alyson Sandro welcomed a son together, named Brando, back on Aug 8, 2022. As for Keoghan and Sandro, they dated from Sept 2021 until mid-2023, and then he started dating Sabrina Carpenter.



	In a recent interview with Entertainment Weekly, Keoghan talked about being a father to his son Brando and how, since he didn’t grow up with a father, his parenting style has been affected. 

	“I’ll just say this — I didn’t have a father figure growing up, so even my relationship with my son isn’t quite of the normal father-son relationship,” he said. “Because I don’t have that figure to draw from and to base it on.”
Before you go, check out this list of celebrities you didn’t realize are parents.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.