Ahead of her two weekends at Austin City Limits, Chappell Roan is making a pit stop in Franklin, TN.
On Tuesday, Oct. 1, the “Hot To Go” singer will be at the Firstbank Amphitheater for a one-off show as part of her ongoing ‘Midwest Princess Tour.’
After that gig, she’s slated to drop into Rogers, AR’s Walmart AMP on Oct. 2 and Council Bluffs, IA’s Westfair Amphitheater on Oct. 3.
These concerts come on the heels of the 26-year-old’s cancelled All Things Go Festival appearance; she dropped out after receiving backlash for her politically-motivated TikToks about the U.S. election where she refused to endorse a candidate.
“Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks,” Roan shared on her Instagram story. “I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. “I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding.”
If you’d like to see the now-controversial 2024 MTV VMA Best New Artist winner live, last-minute tickets are available for her Franklin, TN gig.
At the time of publication, tickets can be found for $240 before fees on Vivid Seats.
For those who want to get closer to the action, GA Pit Passes start at $1,061 before fees.
Still need a bit more information before taking the plunge?
Our team has everything you need to know and more about Chappell Roan’s Franklin, TN show below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best prices on tickets by section at Franklin, TN’s Firstbank Amphitheater can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
After Roan’s Franklin show, she has two more concerts lined up. Here’s where you can find her and what the cheapest seats will run you.
After the short trek, Roan will headline at this year’s Austin City Limits at Zilker Park.
Set to take place over two weekends — Oct. 4-6 and 11-13 — she’ll share the stage with megastars like Dua Lipa, Norah Jones, Kehlani, Reneé Rapp, Remi Wolf and more.
Want to go?
Single and multi-day Austin City Limits passes can be found here.
On June 13, Roan headlined at Columbia, SC’s Township Auditorium.
According to Set List FM, here’s what she performed that evening.
01.) “Femininomenon”02.) “Naked in Manhattan”03.) “Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl”04.) “Coffee”05.) “Picture You”06.) “HOT TO GO!”07.) “After Midnight”08.) “Love Me Anyway”09.) “The Subway”10.) “Kaleidoscope”11.) “Casual”12.) “Red Wine Supernova”13.) “Good Luck, Babe!”14.) “My Kink Is Karma”
Encore
15.) “California”16.) “Pink Pony Club”
In September 2023, Roan released the 14-song “Rise and Fall of a Midwestern Princess.”
The exuberant yet reflective record features certified bangers like “HOT TO GO!” and “Naked In Manhattan” as well as longing ballads “Kaleidoscope” and “Coffee” that show off her impressive vocal range.
Most recently, she dropped the bouncy, synth-y single “Good Luck, Babe” in April.
Want to dig deeper? You can find Chappell Roan’s complete discography here.
If Roan isn’t coming to a city near you this year, there’s no need to fret.
Many iconic artists could be headed your way in the next few months.
Here are just five of our favorite pop stars you won’t want to miss live in 2024.
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Charli XCX with Troye Sivan
• Gracie Abrams
• Julien Baker
• Katie Gavin of MUNA
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tour in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change