You'll do a double-take.
Jacopo Raule/Getty Images
 Gigi Hadid added a sexy spin to French dressing at last night's Vogue World: Paris after-party. While the runway looks managed to steal the spotlight (especially with Katy Perry, Teyana Taylor, FKA twigs, and Sabrina Carpenter making surprise appearances on the catwalk), Hadid's Balmain minidress may have had enough sparkle and shock factor to take the crown for most eye-catching ensemble of the night.

 The model and mother wore a dress with allover beading that looked like a sculptural, draped denim miniskirt—complete with trompe l'oeil pockets, waistband, and fly—and a bare torso, complete with dark shaded collarbones and two beaded nipples.

Jacopo Raule/Getty Images
 The look also included a few Balmain signatures, including Olivier Rousteing's strong, square shoulders and sculpted hips. Hadid finished the look with a pair of little oval-shaped sunnies (even though the sun had since set) and pointy-toed black pumps. She wore her blonde hair in a deep side part and flipped out the ends, creating a graphic bob with some volume at her hairline to temper the architectural shape of her tiny dress. During the runway presentation, Hadid and her pal Kendall Jenner rode horses through the Place Vendôme wearing head-to-toe Hermès.

 While she's no stranger to the upper echelons of fashion and walking haute couture runways, Hadid's also down for keeping it real and posing for Victoria's Secret's new swim launch. Speaking to InStyle, she said that she's happy to see throwback styles in the spotlight again: "Victoria's Secret is bringing back some archive swim styles and getting to revisit them with a new lens is making me fall back in love."

Jacopo Raule/Getty Images
 As for which of the styles will be making it into her rotation when she undoubtedly shows off her summer getaways this year, she explained that she couldn't get enough of bold color and cheeky pops of sexy skin.

 "I also love seeing bright pops of color, print, high-cut and cheeky bottoms, and fun details all here to stay in 2024," she explained.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)