Strictly Come Dancing viewers were left making a claim about Tasha Ghouri's future in the competition as some were left divided over her dance experience.
Following the pre-recorded launch show last weekend, week one of the BBC One dance contest kicked off on Saturday night (September 21) with a routine from the professional dancers, who dressed in colourful outfits and danced an array of flamenco, cha cha, paso doble and salsa moves to a medley of songs.
It was then soon over to the celebrities to give it their all as they showcased their moves with their pro dance partners for the first time, including former Love Island star Tasha and Aljaz Skorjanec, who has returned to Strictly after a two-year hiatus.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing viewers spot 'controversial' audience member as Zara McDermott returns
The pair were given 30 points from the Strictly judges - Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse, Shirley Ballas and Anton Du Beke - following her performance with dance partner Aljaz.
The reality star, who was Love Island's first deaf participant, appeared on top of a giant coffee cup as she began her performance with Aljaz. The pair danced the cha cha to Sabrina Carpenter’s number one hit Espresso and Aljaz said it was a "beautiful moment" to see Tasha take off her cochlear implant towards the end of the dance and "just feel one another and just dance together".
Head judge Shirley told Tasha: "You are on your way to have one of the most spectacular leg actions I think I’ve ever seen on the show." Strictly co-host Claudia then called Shirley's comments "extraordinary" as viewers flocked to social media to crown Tasha the winner already.
@dawnbrookie said: "This is going to be drawn out but Tasha will win end of #Strictly." @NataliaPurce commented: "Tasha and Aljaž are my winners already #Strictly." @fansvfavourites wrote: "And when sarah and tasha are crowned the first joint winners in #Strictly history? then what."
But some did point out an issue with Tasha's dancing past. The reality star trained as a dancer at Creative Academy in Slough and has since competed at major dance events, but she specialises in commercial dance which will be considered a far cry from the likes of ballroom and Latin.
That said, it didn't stop some complaining. @MillieSansoye posted: "Disappointed to hear Tasha is professionally trained. I don’t want anyone with experience to win. #Strictly." @stewiebirnie shared: "Isn’t Tasha Ghouri a professional dancer? Wasn’t that a thing when she was in Love Island? #Strictly." @GeorgiaFin11209 added: "Tasha getting all high scores but sure she’s a professional dancer, bit unfair #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.