It’s been a long time coming but The Beatles have been defeated after almost five decades for the fastest accumulation of 12 chart topping albums in the UK.
It took John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr 14 years to land 12 number one albums, completing the feat in 1977 with a live album.
This had secured a record lasting 47 years which had a reputation for being unbeatable – until now.
Unsurprisingly, megastar Taylor Swift, 34, has achieved the same incredible feat in just 11 years and six months with The Tortured Poets Department.
This makes the ME! hitmaker the only artist to have 12 consecutive albums reach the coveted top spot in as many years.
Her latest album has truly caused a stir and while everyone paternity tested her song lyrics, TTPD broke records left right and centre.
Spotify announced it had become the most streamed album in a single day as well as the first album ever to be streamed a billion times — in just five days.
The album has shifted 270,000 UK chart units, according to Official Charts Company data, which has eclipsed her previous record of 204,000 in seven days, which she achieved when her 2022 album Midnights was released.
Every single album since Red, released in October 2012, has landed Taylor a number one spot in the UK album chart.
This does include the four re-released albums among her eight studio albums, which feature new songs and full re-recording and production.
By comparison, The Beatles’ original feat started in 1963 with debut album Please Please Me and ending with The Beatles At Hollywood Bowl in June 1977.
Since April 19, 2023, Taylor’s single Fortnight, featuring rapper Post Malone, has soared to number one in the singles chart alongside her album.
A slew of other songs from the 31-track album have flooded the charts, pushing Hozier’s Too Sweet down to number two.
Sabrina Carpenter, who is a close friend of Taylor, has also flown with her catchy new single Espresso.
Despite her incredible record breaking achievements, the Pet Shop Boys frontman bizarrely declared she doesn’t actually have any famous songs.
Risking incurring the wrath of Swifties, Neil Tennant said her success was ‘fascinating’ because she doesn’t have a ‘famous song’.
Meanwhile a pub that was merely mentioned by Taylor has been overwhelmed with fans rushing to The Black Dog to feel more connected to the star.
After the huge success of Tortured Poets Department, the Prophecy singer is heading back on her Eras Tour soon.
Kicking off in Paris, her European leg is rumoured to be getting a major shake up with a possible new section to accommodate her new album. 
The mammoth three and a half hour set will then make it’s way to the UK in May, starting in Edinburgh on June 7.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Apparently this Taylor Swift song is the ideal speed to have sex to
Arrow
MORE: Like Taylor Swift, I moved for a man. Unlike Taylor Swift, I couldn’t go straight home
Arrow
MORE: Your music collection could be worth over £10,000