Please support our work!
If you're looking for "I Spys," dating or LTRs, this is your scene.


December 24, 2024

Food + Drink
        
        
          » Food + Drink Features


        Published December 24, 2024 at 10:00 a.m.
       
      

It can be tough to recall a year's worth of meals. If you stick to three a day, which food writers rarely do, there are 1,095 to sort through — or 1,098 in a leap year like this one.   


Scrolling through photos on my phone — my preferred method of memory jogging — reveals hints of this year's highlights: my garden's first asparagus crop, a semi-absurd number of diner meals and a sunny Super Lemonova shared with Adeline Druart, the new CEO of Lawson's Finest Liquids. My fellow food writer Melissa Pasanen's camera roll was full of Québécois food and drink from several trips north for work and pleasure. She also found a surprising number of pics of doughnuts, sweet and savory, including a screenshot of the summer special Lobster Doughie at Morse Block Deli & Taps in Barre, which she sadly never tasted herself — though one of our stellar interns did. There's always next year.   


For both of us, 2024 brought farmers market mornings, food truck afternoons and so many restaurant openings that we could barely keep up. As we assembled our favorite bites and sips of the year, we found that most came from new places to eat and drink. We're happy for the injection of fresh energy, and we feel its positive repercussions in the local food scene.   


In Seven Days style, here are this year's seven favorites from each of us, in no particular order. As you'll see, it was a good year for biscuits. But also for pawpaws, fancy carrot mochi and vermouth-based cocktails.   


— J.B.


If you've been paying attention to Vermont's food scene this year, you won't be surprised that Melissa and I both had Frankie's on our favorites list. Why? Melissa summed it up simply: "So many of their dishes."   


I share the sentiment, citing the pork croquettes with a pickled rhubarb sauce that I'd like to drink, electric-green scallop crudo with cucumbers and fermented fennel, sweet corn tortelli, hearty sides of pommes purée and creamed corn, epically savory cabbage, and housemade creemees.   


What I ordered most often at Frankie's, in some form or another, were the littleneck clams. The swanky-cool restaurant's proclivity for seafood is a welcome addition to the scene, and the clams are probably as close as its menu gets to a staple. At my first group dinner in the upstairs private dining room, the clams came with crème fraîche, pickled carrots and wild leek focaccia; a month later, with spring onions and green garlic; and in August, with sweet corn, charred jalapeños and pickled zucchini. Consensus, from the first meal on, is that "they slap."   


Cindi Kozak, Jordan Ware and their team have already received national press as one of Eater's Best New Restaurants in America. I have no insider info or sway, but here's a prediction: We'll be writing a story about their James Beard Award nomination in 2025.   


— J.B.


This story was updated on January 2 to reflect recent changes to Twisted Halo's operation at Champion Comics and Coffee in Williston.

In 2024, we continued our food section tradition of kicking off the New Year with doughnuts rather than diets. I drew the short — or was that the long? — straw. The 4:30 a.m. alarm required by the assignment was richly rewarded with Emma Slater's freshly fried Twisted Halo doughnuts.   


In particular, her signature featherlight, crisply crenellated doughnut with a custardy interior is well worth an early wake-up call. Slater calls it a churro, though some might recognize it as an egg-rich, French-style cruller. I prefer it simply dusted with cinnamon sugar, but she dips some in dark chocolate glaze, if that's your thing.   


When I wrote about her, Slater was sharing the kitchen at Champion Comics and Coffee in Williston. A deal for her to take over that lease with business partner Taylan Hagen fell through in late December, leaving Chittenden County, sadly, without regular access to Twisted Halo doughnuts. Slater is working on a pop-up schedule.  


The Mad River Valley got lucky. Since late summer, Slater has been operating a Twisted Halo Café in the former Sweet Spot in Waitsfield. In addition to doughnuts, pastries and coffee, that location launched a full breakfast menu in mid-December, with French toast, eggs, and breakfast sandwiches on house-baked brioches, croissants or English muffins.   


A doughnut breakfast sandwich isn't on the menu yet, but so many people have asked about one that "It's a sign it has to happen," Slater said.   


— M.P.


I've found myself drinking less booze over the past year, partly because the local nonalcoholic options are so good and partly because my toddler wakes me up by 6 a.m. most days. When I have a cocktail or two, I tend to choose lower-ABV options. My favorite is the dry vermouth-and-sherry Bamboo, which I've had mixed success ordering off-menu around town.   


Cue my excitement when Sam Nelis of Specs stirred up an Adonis, the Bamboo's sweeter counterpart, for me to taste. I'd asked Nelis, in a sort of cheeky way, to share three drinks that sum up his Winooski café-bar-beverage mart. Based on the astonishing array of fortified wines stocked in his shop, I shouldn't have been surprised that his mind went to the Adonis. (I also shouldn't have been surprised that we tasted more like 10 drinks, between old-school frothy cappuccinos and his favorite Belgian beer.)   


True to his business' name, Nelis also presented his specs for the drink. A stirred cocktail that originated in late-1800s New York City, the Adonis contains 1.5 ounces of Contratto vermouth rosso, 1.5 ounces of dry fino sherry, two dashes orange bitters and one dash Angostura bitters. Stir, serve in a coupe and garnish with an orange twist.   


I've been following his recipe ever since, swapping out the Contratto for whichever fun fortified wine I spot among the 70 options on Specs' shelves. When Nelis launches the full cocktail bar in spring 2025, I'll be sure to order one there.   


— J.B.


They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, and that does hold true for the dish of carrot mochi I adored on my first visit to Fancy's, the cozy restaurant that opened in the Old North End in April. The mochi then vanished from the menu, but there was always plenty else frickin' delicious to eat.   


I've loved every vegetable-forward dish (and the few with meat or fish) that has sprung from the imagination and kitchen of talented chef-owner Paul Trombly. He is a magician of flavor and texture, as demonstrated by his slender charred eggplants with coconut and South India sambar, as well as his chewy, caramelized halloumi with spiced seeds, date, mint and lemon. Fancy's smashed cucumber salad is an edible symphony: zippy with lime and soy; crunchy with puffed, curry-dusted rice and candied cashews; and sweet-spicy with mango and house-pickled hot peppers.   


Trombly's small menu changes regularly based on what local farms supply, and it would be selfish to expect faves to stick around. Still, every time I returned to Fancy's, I hoped for another bowl of the earthy, intensely carroty "mochi" dumplings, which glutinous rice flour rendered delightfully and unexpectedly bouncy.   


Back in the summer, Trombly told me that the moisture-sensitive dumplings were too difficult to make in humid weather. On recent visits, I would not-so-subtly hint that summer was long over. In mid-December, I blinked twice when they finally reappeared on the menu. Each herb-and-cheese-strewn, springy bite was as delicious as my taste memory. Comfort me with carrot mochi.   


— M.P.


I recently realized that I'm no longer allergic to coconut, and not a moment too soon. In the gray days of March, Shaneall Ferron's coconut-crusted jerk corn was just the tropical jolt I needed.   


Slathered in her signature jerk sauce and rolled in toasted coconut flakes, the skewered cobs were slightly sweet, slightly spicy and, as I wrote in April, "fantastically fun." They're a little messy, but that's what the sticks are for.   


At the time, Ferron operated her Jamaican food biz, Thingz From Yaad, in a former dining hall in Colchester. This month, she plans to open a brick-and-mortar spot in South Burlington. I'll happily gobble her traditional takes on oxtails or ackee and saltfish, while also looking forward to her new whimsical — and maybe skewered — creations.   


— J.B.


When our boys were little and their dad occasionally took charge of supper, sometimes he'd buy soft white sandwich bread and bologna and make fried bologna sandwiches. Much as I wrinkled my nose, I have to admit there's something compelling about the combination of soft, buttery, fried bread and smooth, salty meat with tangy-sweet mayo.   


It probably won't make the chefs at Gallus Handcrafted Pasta in Waterbury happy to know those fried bologna sandwiches came to mind when I first tasted what I'd call a sleeper on their menu.   


Gallus, a new venture of chef Eric Warnstedt's Heirloom Hospitality, opened on June 26 in the historic Waterbury gristmill previously occupied by Warnstedt's first restaurant, Hen of the Wood. (The latter relocated half a mile away.) Pasta is king there, and I wrote at length about the care with which the pasta team, led by executive chef and co-owner Antonio Rentas, crafts it in yolk-bright, silken sheets.   


You're going to order pasta, of course, but please don't miss the gnocco fritto, which sit quietly in the menu's "Share" section with little explanation. The pillowy, savory, fried dough diamonds come topped with wide ribbons of excellent freshly made mortadella (bologna's relative) from Waitsfield's 5th Quarter and a just-right drizzle of honey. They are everything that makes a fried bologna sandwich so good — and much more.   


— M.P.


Deep City had this spot in the BAG.   


Reflecting on the multitude of meals I ate this year, I didn't find many repeats outside my Addison County takeout staples. But since this spring, when Charles Reeves took over the kitchen at Foam Brewers' attached restaurant near the Burlington waterfront, I've gone out of my way for his iconic buttermilk biscuits slathered in green-tinted, herb-flecked cream gravy. Heck, my husband and I even chose Deep City brunch instead of a fancy dinner for our anniversary this year. I didn't share.   


Part of the dish's appeal is the 24 years of nostalgia baked into every bite: Reeves was the longtime co-owner of the universally beloved Penny Cluse Café with his wife, Holly Cluse. When I covered his early plans to team up with the Foam folks, Reeves said Deep City wouldn't be Penny 2.0. I'm not the only one who's glad he changed his mind.   


Menu items may have new names — look for the House of Spudology instead of a Bucket-o-Spuds — but the hits are there, including the deeply comforting biscuits and gravy. The starter-size version, called the BAG, is just right if, like me, you also want to get a little choked up over a chile relleno.   


— J.B.


Ever since Wolf Tree opened in White River Junction in 2019, Jordan and I have had it on our list of destinations for its promising menu of creatively conceived drinks and classy, intimate setting. Unfortunately, it’s a 90-minute drive from Burlington — and, well, cocktails.  


I was thrilled for many reasons when a dear friend moved to White River Junction, a town I have long crushed on for its idiosyncratic arts culture and vibrant food and drink scene.  


For our “Three to Six Hours” series, my friend and I finished up a full day of exploring WRJ at Wolf Tree, which met all my long-held expectations. I had a hard time choosing from the large menu of intriguing cocktails, which includes a low-alcohol section — helpful for those who lack a designated driver or a local friend on whose floor they can crash.  


The Goldilocks, made with pineapple brandy, lemon, sesame orgeat and orange bitters, was just as the menu promised: “not too sweet, not too tart — juuuust right.” I’m planning another sleepover soon.  


— M.P.

Updated Tuesday, January 7: Queen City Café will permanently close on Saturday, January 11.

More biscuits! I know, I know. But Queen City Café's biscuits are the biscuits.   


Whether they're holding together a bacon-laden breakfast sandwich with surprising ease or floating in a gussied-up chicken stew, these flaky, wood-fired biscuits are so good that they had me regularly braving the mess that was Pine Street for much of the year. The vegan one's no slouch, either.   


Chef-owner Sean Richards' menu reflects both his early cooking career in Tennessee and food memories from his upbringing in Fair Haven — Vermont church lady food, as he put it. If the chef's fare seems simple, that's only because of how well he wields his fine-dining chops — and masters the former Myer's Bagels wood oven. I usually complain about new wood-fired restaurants, given how many we have, but this one I'll allow.   


— J.B.


Another year, another round of devastating floods. In the midst of this depressing new normal, an email from business owner and state legislator Abbey Duke landed in my inbox.   


Duke has a small Intervale farm that grows some ingredients for her South Burlington-based Sugarsnap Catering. Like all the farms in the river floodplain, it boasts rich soil but now routinely floods during peak growing season. One bright spot, Duke wrote, has been pawpaws. A few trees she planted in 2010 had thrived despite repeated inundations, and her farm was expecting a bumper crop this year.   


Say what?   


I had barely heard of pawpaws when Duke wrote to me, let alone tasted one, though I knew that some regions of the country have a taste for this cold-tolerant distant relation of soursop and cherimoya. Botanists believe the pawpaw was most likely carried north in the digestive tracts of fruit-loving mastodons.   


In October, at peak harvest — the only time one can buy the delicate fresh fruit, which does not ship well — I headed down to the Intervale to see and taste what looked like small mangoes. The Sugarsnap farming team selected a perfectly ripe specimen for me to try. It was really good and shockingly tropical tasting for a locally grown fruit, with notes of coconut and frangipani flower.   


Pawpaws won't save Vermont farms, but they remind us that adaptation has been a constant since the mastodons migrated north.   


— M.P.


I love a chunky pizza slice: Sicilian, Detroit-style and, thanks to Rogue Rabbit, Roman-style pizza al taglio. Abby Temeles and Jacob Shane's thick square slices easily entered my Burlington lunch rotation this year.   


Their casual café's drink list, though, is what really got me. I loved it so much that I rewrote a Sound of Music classic around their menu: "Espresso with tonic and bitter Negronis / House wine, Vivid Coffee and lots of Peronis / NA Spaghett-i, all kinds of spritz / These are a few of my favorite things."   


Since I'm usually at Rogue Rabbit on a workday, the espresso tonic ended up topping that silly list for most consumed. There are quite a few good espresso tonics around Burlington, but whether it's the pizza pairing or the spot-on proportions of espresso to tonic in the kinda bitter drink, Rogue Rabbit's is the one I keep going back to.   


Now I've got a new song to rewrite, with apologies to Sabrina Carpenter: "Thinkin' 'bout that drink every day, oh / Is it that bitter? I guess so. / I'll have one for lunch, baby, I know / That's that tonic espresso."   


— J.B.


My Jewish grandmothers and mother would have appreciated the deep-dive story I wrote on Montréal's Jewish food in April. My mum, especially, would have plotzed over the savory chicken liver spread I gobbled down at Snowdon Deli. I similarly plotzed over the unexpectedly delicious matzo ball soup I discovered at the new Leo & Co., much closer to home in Essex.   


The counter-service café and market opened in July in the large space that was previously home to Sweet Clover Market. Owner Kayla Silver named her second Essex Experience business for her great-uncle Leo Keiles, who survived the Holocaust. It's by no means a Jewish deli, but the top-notch matzo ball soup will help me manage until someone opens one of those.   


The kitchen team roasts chicken bones for the rich broth loaded with veggies. The pair of tender, springy matzo balls in every serving are textbook-perfect and, surprisingly, gluten-free, thanks to Manischewitz gluten-free matzo ball mix.   


Leo & Co. also uses a trick that I learned from my New York City grandma. "Always," she told me with emphasis, "always put seltzer in your matzo balls."   


— M.P.


As accidental bakeries go, the Bake Shop at Red Wagon Plants takes the cake. It also takes the cake for pretty much every other kind of bakery.   


Through a series of very fortunate-for-us events, bakers Amy Vogler and Carey Nershi teamed up with Julie Rubaud and her Red Wagon Plants team to open an incredible little bakeshop in the nursery's new herb-processing building. All growing season long, they stocked their glass pastry case with rustic yet refined chive-and-cheddar focaccia, chocolate sourdough, coconut buns, gluten-free brownies, jam pinwheels, banana-chocolate chip cookies, and other sweet and savory delights.   


Red Wagon was already one of my favorite places. The new shop — with its window framing Camel's Hump, sit-with-a-stranger-size table, abundant patio garden and meticulously crafted treats — made it practically perfect. It's hard to choose a favorite item from Vogler and Nershi's repertoire, so I'll go with the lighter-than-air orange and golden raisin hot cross bun from the Bake Shop's first hurrah on March 30.   


The bakers are currently taking a break along with the nursery, but they plan to open for the season on April 11 and will pop up before that, on February 15 and March 29. Like the first blooms of spring, their return will be a bright spot to look forward to on winter's bleakest days.   


— J.B.


When chef Nathan Davis and his former business partner opened Scrag & Roe by the covered bridge in Waitsfield a year ago, the menu was global. The restaurant is still a perfect spot to witness the idiocy of drivers who think their truck will magically clear the bridge's roof. But, as of September, diners can view such shenanigans while eating from an all-Asian roster.   


Davis, now solo owner, makes recipes he fell in love with and learned to cook during six years of living and traveling in Asia. Those include umami-rich, dry-fried shiitake mushrooms with bacon, as well as smashed cucumbers with soy, chile and a slick of sesame oil. They're all really good, but the standout is his dan dan noodles.   


The bowl of bouncy noodles comes liberally dressed with ground beef in a tongue-tingling sauce that sings with chiles, Sichuan peppercorns, garlic, sesame, black cardamom, orange peel and fermented mustard root. Toasted peanuts add a satisfying crunch. My dining companion and I both deemed the complex, electric blend of flavors and textures craveable.   


It's a bit of a drive, but we'll be back. Not in a truck.   


— M.P.


        The original print version of this article was headlined "Simply the Best | Seven Days food writers share their favorite bites and sips of 2024" 
      
Tags: Food + Drink Features, Frankie's, Twisted Halo Café, Specs, Fancy's, Thingz From Yaad Kitchen, Gallus Handcrafted Pasta, Deep City, Wolf Tree, Queen City Café, Rogue Rabbit, Leo & Co., Red Wagon Plants, Scrag & Roe, Twisted Halo Café (Waitsfield)

More Food + Drink Features »


Food News


Istanbul Kebab House Closes, Cappadocia Bistro Opens in BTV


By Melissa Pasanen


Food News


Majestic Chef and Co-Owner Maura O'Sullivan Steps Away


By Melissa Pasanen

Comments are closed.
            
From 2014-2020, Seven Days allowed readers to comment on all stories posted on our website. While we've appreciated the suggestions and insights, right now Seven Days is prioritizing our core mission — producing high-quality, responsible local journalism — over moderating online debates between readers. 
To criticize, correct or praise our reporting, please send us a letter to the editor or send us a tip. We’ll check it out and report the results. 
Online comments may return when we have better tech tools for managing them. Thanks for reading.
    


From 2014-2020, Seven Days allowed readers to comment on all stories posted on our website. While we've appreciated the suggestions and insights, right now Seven Days is prioritizing our core mission — producing high-quality, responsible local journalism — over moderating online debates between readers. 
To criticize, correct or praise our reporting, please send us a letter to the editor or send us a tip. We’ll check it out and report the results. 
Online comments may return when we have better tech tools for managing them. Thanks for reading.