The British pop veteran's "Murder On The Dancefloor" is proving lethal once again.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Sophie Ellis-Bextor continues its dance up the U.K. chart, thanks in part to the small-screen magic of Saltburn. 

	The British pop veteran’s “Murder On The Dancefloor” (via Polydor) is proving lethal once again, capturing the zeitgeist through a sync in Emerald Fennell’s Saltburn, the dark comedy that’s caught fire on Amazon Prime Video.

	As previously reported, “Murder On The Dancefloor” breezed into the Official U.K. Singles Chart last Friday, Jan. 5 at No. 8 — for its first top 10 appearance in more than 22 years. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Beady Eye		
					






















	
		
					Bring Me the Horizon		
					






















	
		
					Jack Harlow		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Based on midweek sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, “Dancefloor” is buzzing. The track is predicted to hit No. 3 when the weekly chart is published this Friday, just one position below its all-time peak, set following its release in 2001. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” (Republic Records) is predicted to retain top spot, ahead of Jack Harlow’s former leader, “Lovin On Me” (Atlantic), which is expected to hold at No. 2. 

	The top new release should belong to Liam Gallagher, whose collaborative single with John Squire, “Just Another Rainbow” (Warner Records), is set for a No. 4 debut. As a member of Oasis, Gallagher has collected eight U.K. No. 1 singles, and 26 appearances in the top 40; with Beady Eye and as a solo artist, Gallagher has an additional six top 40 appearances. Squire, as founding guitarist with fellow Manchester rock favorites The Stone Roses, has four top 10 and 15 top 40 appearances on the national singles survey.

	Meanwhile, U.S. artist Teddy Swims could crack the U.K. top 10 for the first time with “Lose Control” (Atlantic), which lifts 10-7 on the Official Chart Update. 

	Sheffield, England-formed rock band Bring Me The Horizon is on track for an eighth top 40 appearance with “Kool-Aid” (RCA), new at No. 12 on the chart blast.

	Finally, Sabrina Carpenter’s “feather” (Polydor) is flying on the chart blast, up 33-17. If it holds its course, “feather” will become the American singer and actress’s first top 20 single in the U.K. It’s already her career-best performer, outpacing “Skin” (No. 28) and “Nonsense” (No. 32). 

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published this Friday, Jan. 12.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.