Durham's Official Student Newspaper							
By David Bayne-Jardine
For a while, the whole world was hooked on the irresistible kick of Carpenter’s ‘Espresso’. From cafes and clubs to lobbies and shops, her iconic line, “that’s that me espresso”, became the prelude for a summer of self-affirming music (think Chappell, Charli and all things ‘brat’). Resembling its title, the short but punchy track provided a pick-me-up as the world headed into summer; with its addictive chorus, piping hot bassline and instantly pleasing effect, it shot to the top of the charts, boasting a mighty seven-week high at UK Number 1. So as the former Disney star announced the coming of her sixth studio album, one question lay on the lips of her newly hooked fans: would Short n’ Sweet be a caffeine comedown, or is the high just beginning?
One question lay on the lips of her newly hooked fans: would Short n’ Sweet be a caffeine comedown, or is the high just beginning?
The latter seemed ever more likely when her country-pop single ‘Please Please Please’ arrived on the scene in early June, soon joining ‘Espresso’ at the top of the UK charts. Exploring a slightly more emotional side to Sabrina, the track charmed with its acoustic feel and impressive vocal flexibility. Although perhaps a tad corny with its many modulations and whimsical clapping, this did not stop the song from entering a weeks-long jostle for the title of UK Number 1 with none other than its sibling ‘Espresso’, each dethroning the other numerous times. 
For many, then, Sabrina is still a figure emerged from out of the blue, but others have been following her since her Disney Channel debut, playing the vivacious, witty and endearingly ridiculous Maya in Girl Meets World. Running from 2014-2017, the teen show is a typical 2010s coming-of-age sitcom, packed with canned laughter, camp expressions and brilliantly cheesy jokes. And as her acting career blossomed, so did her musical one, releasing four studio albums from 2014 to 2019, each garnering considerable success. Her 2022 album Emails I Can’t Send has chart-featuring tracks like ‘Feather’ and ‘Nonsense’, but the release of Short n’ Sweet on August 23rd this year symbolises a new age of Carpenter as an emerging star of 2020s pop.
And it’s certain that her acting heritage is a strong note in the flavour of her sixth album. Spoken word sections are abundant, where her charming, witty and flirtatious personality shines through. Her lyrics, above all, are committed to telling a story, the story in question being the ups and downs of dating in the digital age. From the laborious ‘talking stage’ to being ‘ghosted’, or trying to decipher a ‘catch’ from a ‘catfish’, Carpenter breathes life and experience into the buzzwords that define digital romance, crafting songs that feel as intimate as they are universal. This storytelling approach, combined with her charming spoken-word segments, gives the album a refreshingly candid feel. At times unabashed and unashamed, at others vulnerable and hurt, Sabrina paints a nuanced self-portrait that can only be a result of detailed self-study.
This storytelling approach, combined with her charming spoken-word segments, gives the album a refreshingly candid feel. At times unabashed and unashamed, at others vulnerable and hurt, Sabrina paints a nuanced self-portrait that can only be a result of detailed self-study
It’s not just the album’s lyrics that attest her hard work; in Short n’ Sweet, Carpenter shows off exceptional vocal agility and control. She flicks in and out of her falsetto seamlessly – a skill some take years to master. She uses her lower range to locate a rich country drawl, and her upper one to riff angelically above the choruses. And when it comes to live performances – the hurdle at which many falter – Sabrina doesn’t let us down. From Radio 1’s Live Lounge to the VMAs, Carpenter has consistently delivered exhilarating performances with almost faultless tone, topped off with a healthy dose of eye-catching choreo.
Whilst the disco-funk basslines and catchy guitar licks of ‘Taste’ or ‘Espresso’ are sure to raise anyone to their feet, part of Short n’ Sweet’s merit is in its contrasting acoustic tracks. ‘Coincidence’ and ‘Slim Pickins’ tap into the vein of chagrin that comes hand-in-hand with country music, with plucked strings and fiddle lines soundtracking Carpenter’s exasperation at the dating habits of men. ‘Sharpest Tool’ leans into an indie, bedroom pop feel with its stripped-down instrumentation and vulnerable lyrics. The pre-chorus build and emotional climax make this track, alongside ‘Dumb & Poetic’, feel like a sister song to many on Rodrigo’s 2023 smash-hit GUTS. In short, Carpenter moves through genres to display the many facets – some bothered and others not – of her romantic self.
‘Coincidence’ and ‘Slim Pickins’ tap into the vein of chagrin that comes hand-in-hand with country music, with plucked strings and fiddle lines soundtracking Carpenter’s exasperation at the dating habits of men
Since April, the music industry has been high on the feel-good rhythms and riotous stories woven into Sabrina’s music. With her tour kicking off in Ohio and her Spotify monthly listeners nearing the 100 million mark, one thing is clear—Sabrina Carpenter’s rise is anything but short and sweet. As she continues to carve out a space for herself in the pop world, blending playful lyricism with emotional depth, the real question is: just how far can she go? If Short n’ Sweet is any indication, her moment in the spotlight is only beginning.
Image credit:  Island Records 
Copyright © 2025 Palatinate. All rights reserved.

        Welcome to Palatinate’s website. We rely on readers’ generosity to keep producing award-winning journalism and
        provide media training opportunities to our team of more than 100 students.
        Palatinate has produced some of the biggest names in British media, including Jeremy Vine, 
		Sir Harold Evans and George Alagiah.
        Every contribution to Palatinate is an investment into the future of journalism.