A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter has finally released on Netflix and fans can't stop raving about the festive special from the pop princess.
The one-off features performances from Sabrina's holiday EP Fruitcake, as well as special duets, celebrity guests and comedy skits.
At one point in the show, Sabrina duets with fellow singer/songwriter Chappell Roan as they blend their voices for a special rendition of Last Christmas.
The pair are wearing matching velvet green outfits with jewels encrusted all over, as they show off their impressive singing skills and perform in a decked out living room.
After watching A Nonsense Christmas, fans have been going wild over their two favourite artists coming together. One social media account put: "I cried for real. It's my all time favourite Christmas song!!!," while somebody else agreed: "I cried too, real tears. It's my lifelong favourite Christmas song and Chappell is my fave artist, I loop her album daily."
Yet another expressed: "Wow the Chappell duet??? I didn't realise how much I love hearing Chappell's voice until this. So pleasing to my ears and their voices are so good together!"
Meanwhile, another excited Twitter, now X, user said: "The Sabrina and Chappell Last Christmas duet dropped and I don't think I'll ever be the same again, sorry chat."
While someone else exclaimed: "Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter singing Last Christmas was actually the best thing I've ever heard."
As well as Chappell, the special also featured duets with other artists like Tyla, Shania Twain and Kali Uchis.
Special guests also popped up for comedy skits, with Nico Hiraga, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell joining the festive fun.
As well as starring in it, the actress has also produced the show alongside OBB Pictures under her At Last Productions banner.
Sabrina has had a stellar year with the release of her Short n' Sweet album which charted at number one in ten different countries and is now 2x platinum.
As well as this, she sold out on her first US arena tour and was nominated for a whopping eight Grammy awards.
A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter is now streaming on Netflix.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.