"I think it’s brilliant"
Beyoncé has revealed her favourite film of 2024.
In her cover interview for GQ‘s October issue, the artist was asked about the music and films that are currently inspiring her, before sharing some of her top picks of the year so far.
“I love and respect all of the female singers-songwriters who are out right now.… Raye, Victoria Monét, Sasha Keable, Chloe x Halle, and Reneé Rapp,” she began. “I love Doechii and GloRilla, and I just heard That Mexican OT, he’s from Houston…. He goes hard!
“I really like “Please Please Please” by Sabrina Carpenter, and I think that Thee Sacred Souls and Chappell Roan are talented and interesting. I’m obsessed with my backseat baby…. I’m a Smiler.
“But the truth is, I spend most of my time listening to the classics, like Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, and music from artists on the Stax label. I just watched that documentary. It’s so good!  I highly recommend it.
The Texas Hold ‘Em singer then revealed: “The best movie I’ve seen this year is Inside Out 2. I think it’s brilliant, and I’m currently watching House of the Dragon and The Chi.”
‘Inside Out 2’ – CREDIT: Vernon Yuen/NurPhoto via Getty Images
Released in in June and met with largely positive reviews, Inside Out 2 is the highest-grossing film of 2024 so far, the highest-grossing Pixar film ever and the second highest-grossing animated film of all time, after the 2019 version of The Lion King.
The film reconnects with Riley, now 13 years old, as her emotions from the first film are joined by Anxiety, Embarrassment, Envy and Ennui. Maya Hawke, Amy Poehler,  Tony Hale and Ayo Edebiri are among the voice stars.
On Monday (September 9), Pixar confirmed that an Inside Out spin-off series, titled Dream Productions, will arrive on Disney+ in 2025. It is set between the first two films and will explore the studio inside Riley’s mind where her dreams are literally made.
“This is our first original series, and we wanted to do something unique and bold, unlike anything we’ve done before,” said Pixar veteran Pete Docter at Disney’s Entertainment Showcase Panel during D23 2024.
Additionally, Pixar also confirmed at the event that Incredibles 3 is officially in production, and that the already-announced Toy Story 5 will will be receiving a 2026 release.
In other Beyoncé news, the singer’s ‘Cowboy Carter‘ album was surprisingly snubbed for the 2024 Country Music Awards, receiving not a single nomination.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.