By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  10:41, 1 June 2024   |  Updated:  12:14, 1 June 2024   
 23
View  comments
Troye Sivan has been setting pulses racing - and leaving no pearl necklace unclutched - with his racy on-stage antics during his recent tour. 
And the Australian pop star continued his X-rated stage show as he performed at the Primavera Sound Festival Barcelona, Spain, on Friday. 
The 28-year-old got has been engaging in a racy dance routine as he belts out Got Me Started alongside a group of backing dancers.
Troye kneels on the floor while one of his dancers holds the microphone in an X-rated position.
Troye sings out: 'Boy, can I be honest?' before snatching the microphone back in a choreographed routine. 
Troye Sivan (pictured) has been setting pulses racing - and leaving no pearl necklace unclutched - with his racy on-stage antics during his recent tour
He has continued to stick to the choreography through the tour, including at the Primavera Sound Festival. 
Troye opted for an edgy ensemble including a cream tank top and a pair of unusual leather and khaki trousers. 
The risqué dance routines have divided social media users as they took to X - formerly known as Twitter - to comment after Troye performed the act in Lisbon this week. 
Some fans were left unimpressed by the act while many others voiced their approval and urged Troye to keep the moment a part of all his upcoming shows.
And the Australian pop star continued his X-rated stage show as he performed at the Primavera Sound Festival Barcelona, Spain, on Friday
The 28-year-old got has been engaging in a racy dance routine as he belts out Got Me Started alongside a group of backing dancers
Troye kneels on the floor while one of his dancers holds the microphone in an X-rated position. Troye sings out: 'Boy, can I be honest?' before snatching the microphone back 
He has continued to stick to the choreography through the tour, including at the Primavera Sound Festival
Troye opted for an edgy ensemble including a cream tank top and a pair of unusual leather and khaki trousers
'Wtf is this' wrote one person while another said, 'Troye Sivan singing into the mic in this position?!'
'WAIT THIS ATE?!!!!' yet another chimed in with one fan saying, 'Love it.
'Now this is creative choreography' gushed someone else, with one more writing, 'If you don't do the get me started mic thing on the sweat tour I'm selling my ticket.'
Troye is set to show off his talents all around Europe, the United Kingdom and the United States over the next few months in a jam-packed touring schedule.
The risqué dance routines have divided social media users as they took to X - formerly known as Twitter - to comment after Troye performed the act in Lisbon this week (pictured) 
'Wtf is this' wrote one person while another said, 'Troye Sivan singing into the mic in this position?!'
He kicked things off in Lisbon on Wednesday and is set to visit cities including Paris, Stockholm, Warsaw, Berlin and Amsterdam over the coming weeks.
The Angel Baby hitmaker will then arrive in Manchester on June 22 to perform in London, Glasgow, Dublin and Birmingham before heading stateside in September.
His tour comes after Troye teased an exciting collaboration with Sabrina Carpenter as he heaped praise on the Espresso hitmaker.
He dropped a huge hint about collaborating with American megastar Sabrina, 25, while speaking at Cannes Film Festival in France.
Troye is set to show off his talents all around Europe, the United Kingdom and the United States over the next few months in a jam-packed touring schedule
He hinted that conversations may already be in the works as he admitted he has already made his hopes clear to the Nonsense singer.
'I would do it in a heartbeat. She knows that I would do it in a heartbeat,' the One of Your Girls star told Jack Remmington at the Magnum Beach Cannes Party.
His gushing comments come after Sabrina told how she would love to make a 'fun' song with Troye as she gave him a shout-out at the 2024 Met Gala.
She said it would be 'so fun to make a song with Troye', before adding 'I love him so much' as she hinted at an upcoming collaboration. 
Troye has previously worked with huge music stars including Ariana Grande and Charlie XCX, while Sabrina recently supported Taylor Swift on her global tour.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group