So far, she has around five or six songs ready for her second album
Chappell Roan has shared an update on her “weird” sophomore album – see what she had to say below.
In a new Rolling Stone feature, the former NME Cover star shed new light on how the follow-up to ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’. The album’s still a work in progress, and no hints have been shared on when it might arrive, but Chappell Roan has now revealed that she has around five or six songs completed for the project.
“We have a country song. We have a dancy song. We have one that’s really Eighties, and we have one that’s acoustic, and we have one that’s really organic, live-band, Seventies vibe. It’s super weird,” she told Rolling Stone.
Credit: Kristen Jan Wong for NME
She also spoke about ‘The Subway’, an unreleased song that she’s been performing live throughout the summer. However, she doesn’t think the song will be her next single: “I just like performing it. I have two others that I really want to perform, too, [but] I don’t know what’s next. When I don’t know, it just hasn’t hit me yet because usually I know. I always have an answer. I don’t think it’s ‘Subway.’ ”
The NME cover star released her debut studio album, ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’, last September to critical acclaim. In a four-star review, NME described it as “a display of Roan’s bold and brazen pen, where she places searing revelations alongside some deliciously cheeky choruses”.
Since then, she achieved her first UK Number One album almost a year after its release – something Elton John congratulated her on recently. Roan shared the single ‘Good Luck, Babe!’ this April. The song went to Number Four in the UK, and was covered by Sabrina Carpenter in the BBC Live Lounge in June.
Chappell Roan performs at the Olivia Rodrigo “GUTS” World Tour at the Intuit Dome on August 20, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. CREDIT: Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images
Roan also recently spoke out against “weird” and “creepy” behaviour from fans, telling them: “That’s not normal.” Her remarks earned her praise from Paramore‘s Hayley Williams, who took to Instagram to say the pop star was “brave”.
Since then, she has recently shared that a whole host of artists – including Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Hayley Williams, Katy Perry, MUNA, Miley Cyrus, Lorde, boygenius, Sabrina Carpenter and Mitski – have reached all out in support on the topic.
Meanwhile, Roan has divided fans after sharing a VMA rehearsal photo ahead of her cancelling two upcoming European shows due to “scheduling conflicts”. Elsewhere, fans reacted warmly to Kacey Musgraves’ cover of her track 2020 ‘Pink Pony Club’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.