By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:25, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  23:20, 24 June 2024   
 290
View  comments
Cara Delevingne channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded arrivals on the carpet at Vogue World Paris at Place Vendôme on Sunday evening.
Model and actress Cara, 31, wore a similar bodysuit to the singer's famous Jean Paul Gaultier cone bra 34 years after the 65-year-old debuted her busty corset during her Blonde Ambition World Tour in 1990.
Cara made sure to turn heads as she arrived wearing the similar nude bodice, which was also made by Jean Paul Gautier, with suspenders with a unique sailors hat. 
Meanwhile, Eva Longoria exuded glamour in a glitzy black gown as she joined Cara on the carpet early on.
The actress, 49, showcased her envious curves in the bodycon ensemble as she posed up a storm outside the Place Vendôme - where the sold-out event is taking place.
Cara Delevingne, 31, channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded arrivals on the carpet at Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening
Model and actress Cara wore a similar bodysuit to the singer's famous Jean Paul Gaultier cone bra 34 years after the 65-year-old debuted her busty corset during her Blonde Ambition World Tour in 1990
Meanwhile, Eva Longoria exuded glamour in a glitzy black gown as she joined Cara on the carpet early on 
Emma Chamberlain set pulses racing in a barely-there leather red dress as she flashed her underboob.
The American social media personality, 23, covered her nipples with a thin strap of leather, teaming her look with a high-waisted leather skirt.
She stunned in the figure-hugging garment, which was adorned with a silver bejewelled strap. 
Anna Wintour, 74, made a statement in a bright orange dress as she made an early arrival ahead of the madness.
The longtime Vogue editor, who is hosting the event, turned heads in her glamorous orange ensemble with pink and white stripes.
She complemented with her trademark sunglasses, her iconic blonde bob and wore snake print boots.
Mia Regan, 21, flashed her underwear in a semi-sheer lace ensemble with black and white beaded embellishments.
The model displayed her incredibly toned physique in her dramatic ribbed gown and wore dazzling earrings. 
Cara made sure to turn heads as she arrived wearing the similar nude bodice with suspenders
Cara channeled her inner-ballerina as she slipped into pale pink tights and ballerina pumps
Cara wore a statement cone-like horn bra with ruffled pink shorts
She wore her brunette locks down straight and opted for a natural swipe of makeup
Cara struck a pose outside the venue before heading inside
The actress showcased her envious curves in the bodycon ensemble as she posed up a storm outside the Place Vendôme - where the sold-out event is taking place
She stunned in the figure-hugging garment, which was adorned with a silver bejewelled strap
Eva looked effortlessly glamorous in the chic black gown as she struck a pose on the blue carpet
Eva was all smiles as she arrived at the celebrity-filled event
The beauty couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she waved to fans as she made her way into the venue
The American social media personality, 23, covered her nipples with a thin strap of leather, teaming her look with a high-waisted leather skirt
Leather-clad Emma confidently posed in the barely-there bra on the red carpet
Anna Wintour, 74, made a statement in a floral dress as she arrived to host her famous event
Mia Regan, 21, flashed her underwear in a semi-sheer lace ensemble with black and white beaded embellishments
The model displayed her incredibly toned physique in her dramatic ribbed gown and wore dazzling earrings
British pundit and former footballer Alex Scott looked stunning in a tailored dress with shoulder pads
Normani, 28, put on a leggy display in a mini leather suit dress with a silver zip fastening
The American singer wowed in the busty garment as she struck a pose outside the event
British pundit and former footballer Alex Scott, 39, looked stunning in a tailored dress with shoulder pads. 
Normani, 28, put on a leggy display in a mini leather suit dress with a silver zip fastening.
The American singer wowed in the busty garment and elevated her frame with dazzling platform heels. 
52-year-old actress Selma Blair looked French-chic in a black checkered dress, adorned with sequins.
Christina Milian looked elegant in a Alexis Mabille FW24 Couture velour blue gown, adorned with chic blue buttons.
The actress, 42, complemented the blue carpet with her flowing gown with structured shoulder pads.
Emily In Paris star Ashley Park flaunted her ample cleavage in a strapless butterfly-inspired dress.
The actress, 33, touched down on the carpet in the glitzy mini dress, adorned with metallic leaf motifs.
52-year-old actress Selma Blair looked French-chic in a black checkered dress, adorned with sequins
Selma arrived arm-in-arm with model Alioune Badara Fall
Christina Milian, 42, looked elegant in a velour blue gown, adorned with chic blue buttons 
The actress complemented the blue carpet with her flowing gown with structured shoulder pads
The venue for the show is the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film
Emily In Paris star Ashley Park flaunted her ample cleavage in a strapless butterfly-inspired dress
Ashley displayed her toned legs in the towering silver platform heels
Brazilian model Brenda Costa, 41, wore a ruby red satin dress and statement bow hair tie as she attended the star-studded world event
Brooks Nader, 27, put on a very busty display in a risqué black gown with a statement gold belt
Shirtless Jared Leto showcased his muscular physique and slipped on a see-through garment as he attended the star-studded event
Joey King looked elegant in a silver mini dress with white pom poms and elevated her frame with chic white court heels
The Netflix star softly posed in her glamorous outfit
Joey was full of smiles as she exited her car and arrived on the red carpet
 Rahi Chadda was dressed to impress in a tailored suit
Marchioness of Bath Emma Thynn flashed her legs in a strapless thigh-high pink gown
Former editor-in-chief of Vogue Edward Enninful sweetly smile in his dashing navy suit as he arrived on the carpet
Sabrina Elba looked effortlessly stylish in a backless pale pink dress with matching court heels
The wife of actor Idris looked radiant and glowing in her gorgeous garment
Pharrell Williams (left) looked trendy in bootcut denim jeans and a graphic designer jacket as he joined Emily In Paris star Lucien Laviscount
Alexa Chung was all smiles as she joined her rumoured fiancé Tom Sturridge at the event
Alexa was the epitome of chic as she arrived wearing an elegant gold rose dress
The loved-up couple cosied up for a photo on the carpet before the ceremony kicked off
Joey King looked elegant in a silver mini dress with white pom poms and elevated her frame with chic white court heels.
She elevated her long toned legs with silver platform heels and teamed her look with a silver clutch bag. 
Former editor-in-chief of Vogue Edward Enninful sweetly smile in his dashing navy suit as he arrived on the carpet.
Alexa Chung was all smiles as she joined her rumoured fiancé Tom Sturridge at the event. 
Brazilian model Brenda Costa, 41, wore a ruby red satin dress and statement bow hair tie as she attended the star-studded world event.
Brooks Nader, 27, put on a very busty display in a risqué black gown with a statement gold belt.
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city.
The fashion show also featured performances by Bad Bunny and Aya Nakumura, while Katy Perry made a surprise appearance on the runway. 
Meanwhile Cara Delevingne provided commentary on the live stream for those who were unable to get tickets as she talked the viewers through each era of fashion. 
Diane Kruger and husband Norman Reedus packed on the PDA as they arrived on the carpet
The German actress, 47, wore a lacy catsuit with a tailored striped skirt, while her dashing hubby Norman wore black trousers and a linen shirt
Diane looked French-chic in her nautical lace ensemble
Loved-up Diane posed arm-in-arm with Norman
Shanina Shaik wowed in a sophisticated black gown with satin pockets
Inside the runway show, Sabrina Carpenter joined Katy Perry, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and FKA Twigs strutting in the catwalk.
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion extravaganza. 
Those who were unable to get a ticket for the event will be able to watch the action unfold on a live stream, which will be hosted by Cara Delevingne.
This year's Vogue World collaborated with youth athletic academies across France, pairing different sports with a history of 100 years of French fashion.
The sports include cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and break dancing, among others and the fashion will shine a spotlight on both modern and historic designers.
Artists who are expected to perform during the show include Bad Bunny and Aya Nakamura, although little detail has been revealed so far. 
Sabrina Carpenter looked incredible as she strutted on the runway during the show
The Expresso singer looked nothing short of sensational in a red and white striped swimsuit and matching beach cover up
Inside the event, Kendall oozed elegance as she modelled a chic semi-sheer petticoat skirt
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World: New York was a street fair, and Vogue World: London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire. 
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group