From a Jazz Fest show that was years in the making to a final farewell for a beloved soul singer, here are the big musical headlines that played out in New Orleans in 2024.
When the World’s Greatest Rock Band plugged in at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival, the result was electrifying.
By either five or 60 years, the Rolling Stones’ tour de force at the 2024 Jazz Fest completed a circle. Their 18-song, two-hour, age-defying performance fell exactly five years to the day after the Stones were initially booked for Jazz Fest’s 50th anniversary in 2019, only to cancel so Mick Jagger could undergo heart surgery.
And exactly 60 years after the Rolling Stones adapted New Orleans soul queen Irma Thomas’ arrangement of “Time Is On My Side” as their first Top 10 American hit, they sang it with her at the Fair Grounds.
“Rolling Stones Thursday” was unique in the annals of Jazz Fest. All other stages went dark before the Stones got rolling on the main Festival Stage. Tickets, which were roughly double the price of a normal day at Jazz Fest, were capped at 40,000 and sold out.
The Stones more than lived up to the hype and anticipation. They were as good as anyone could expect the Stones to be at this stage — and arguably better than they were at some points in the past. The new songs from 2023’s “Hackney Diamonds” album sounded great, especially the gospel-tinged “Sweet Sounds of Heaven,” with New Orleans native Chanel Haynes replicating Lady Gaga’s vocals from the recorded version. Zydeco bandleader Dwayne Dopsie’s accordion gave “Let It Bleed” a little Louisiana flavor.
Mick Jagger had so much fun that he returned to the Fair Grounds as a fan two days after the Stones show, grooving in the Gospel and Blues tents.
Bringing the Stones to Jazz Fest wasn’t easy for Jazz Fest producer Quint Davis and his team, but it was absolutely worth it.
It was a given that Frankie Beverly’s I Wanna Thank You Farewell Tour with his soul/R&B band Maze would touch down in New Orleans. The city’s love affair with Beverly dates back to well before Maze recorded its acclaimed 1981 concert album “Live From New Orleans” at the Saenger Theatre. That love only grew stronger as Beverly and company closed the first 15 years of the Essence Festival in the Superdome and, more recently, headlined the Congo Square Stage at Jazz Fest.
All 14,000-plus tickets for the I Wanna Thank You tour’s stop at the Smoothie King Center on May 25 sold out in advance. Most in attendance wore white, in keeping with Maze tradition. Especially with the Whispers and the O’Jays on the bill, the show felt like an especially good night from the early years of the Essence Festival
The crowd sang along during “Running Away” and “Back In Stride” and filled the arena’s aisles for a mass Electric Slide during “Joy and Pain.” It was a feel-good, family reunion-style love fest with a soundtrack that most in attendance grew up with, one that generated “Happy Feelings” all around.
Weeks later, Beverly returned to New Orleans to watch Maze and a procession of guest singers pay tribute to him on the final night of the 2024 Essence Fest. He thanked the audience at the end but didn’t sing. Two months later came word that he died on Sept. 10 at age 77.
Like Jimmy Buffett’s passing the previous year, Beverly’s death resonated deeply in New Orleans. On Sept. 16, the 6 Ward Steppers Social Aid and Pleasure Club staged a huge second-line in Beverly’s honor that wound through the Treme neighborhood with a plexiglass casket containing a cardboard cutout of the beloved singer. It was one final New Orleans embrace for a favorite (non-native) son.
Taylor Swift’s unprecedented, sold-out three-night residency at the Caesars Superdome Oct. 25-27, attended by nearly 200,000 fans, was by any measure — artistic, economic, the all-around radiation of joy and positive energy — an unqualified success.
For three consecutive nights of The Eras Tour, Swift spent three hours and 20 minutes performing 45 songs — the same songs in the same order each night, except for a couple of “surprise” songs during the solo acoustic segment — in whole or in part, grouped into 10 album-specific eras.
I attended all three nights. Those 10 total hours of the Swift show held my interest from start to finish, given that there was so much to absorb both sonically and visually. She came across as down-to-earth and relatable even as she held the whole of the Dome in the palm of her hand. And the energy released by 65,000 Swifties each night generated a momentum all its own — even moreso when pop star Sabrina Carpenter made a surprise appearance on Saturday night.
New Orleans rolled out the welcome mat for Swift and thousands of visiting Swifties. Those Swifties returned the love by spending generously and, by all accounts, being an unfailingly pleasant presence visible throughout the city. It was a great weekend all around.
Superstar rapper Drake was originally slated to kick off his It’s All A Blur Tour at the Smoothie King Center on June 16, 2023. After a succession of cancellations and postponements, fans started to question whether he would ever make it to New Orleans.
But he finally did, in a big way: with two back-to-back nights at a full Smoothie King Center on March 7-8. Across those two nights in the middle of the week, he sold approximately 32,000 tickets in New Orleans — more than any other act who wasn’t a Superdome headliner.
Drake's previous two stops at the Smoothie King Center involved technologically and visually stunning shows capped off by his outsized charisma and an ever-growing catalog of hits. This time around, the video content and special effects weren’t as eye-popping. And a setlist that relied heavily on his 2023 album “For All the Dogs” arguably wasn’t as electrifying.
But during the March 7 show, he demonstrated once again that, more than most arena-level peers in any genre — rap, rock or country — he is willing and able to mount a production as big and innovative as big venues demand. And he still lights up those big venues all by himself.
Following an opening set by Sexyy Red on a square stage set in the middle of the arena floor, a half-size marching band marched across the floor blasting an instrumental version of Drake’s “Trophies."
A succession of props included a flying saucer and a 10-foot reproduction of rapper Travis Scott’s head, which shot sparks from its sunglasses as Drake covered Scott’s “Sicko Mode.” 
He instigated a moment of mass kindness by instructing all in attendance to share a greeting with strangers. Per his request, bro-hugs, handshakes and high-fives broke out from the floor to the upper-level seats. Sheepish smiles, and a newfound camaraderie, followed.
J. Cole did his own 30-minute set in the middle of the show. When Drake rejoined him for “In the Morning” and “First Person Shooter,” energy surged.
Exactly at midnight, Drake exited as his marching band closed out with a reprise of “Trophies” — an unconventional conclusion to an unconventional concert that was a long time coming.
New Orleans took a toll on a couple of arena-sized acts in 2024. After hurting his back while in town for a Nov. 25 concert at the Smoothie King Center, Justin Timberlake canceled his next show in Oklahoma City. But he at least was able to resume his tour.
Not so Childish Gambino. Gambino, aka actor, writer and director Donald Glover Jr., brought his New World Tour to the Smoothie King Center on Sept. 7. The following afternoon, he announced that that night’s show in Houston was canceled due to illness.
He subsequently revealed that he needed surgery and pulled the plug on the entire tour, including the remainder of the North American dates, the European leg and shows scheduled for early 2025 in Australia and New Zealand.
Ticket sales for the New World Tour had been disappointing in some markets, including New Orleans. The Smoothie King Center’s entire upper level was curtained off and scores of tickets were reportedly given away in an effort to “paper the room” and make it look fuller.
Which was too bad, because Gambino and his band delivered an eye-popping, high-energy, high-tech show. Two video cubes flanking the main stage offered close-ups of Glover who, as an actor, knows how to make good use of facial expressions. Hundreds of light sticks suspended above the stage rose and fell in formation to create geometric patterns and an abstract rendering of Glover’s face. Laser beams connected light towers at opposite ends of the floor, filling what is usually empty space.
Gambino/Glover was never overwhelmed by the bells and whistles. He was animated, engaged and eager to please. With boundless charisma and energy, he showcased 10 songs from his “Bando Stone and the New World,” plus 19 other tracks from throughout his career.
Glover has made no secret of his desire to “retire” his Childish Gambino persona and focus on acting, directing and writing. If he does, Gambino went out strong in New Orleans.
In the annals of New Orleans hip-hop, it’s hard to imagine a more hotly anticipated event than a Hot Boys reunion. The all-star quartet of Lil Wayne, Juvenile, B.G. and Turk helped put homegrown Cash Money Records on the map in the 1990s. All four also achieved various degrees of solo stardom; all except Juvenile served time behind bars.
That inconvenient fact, along with personal and professional tensions, stood in the way of any potential reunions for years. The 2024 Essence Festival of Culture in the Caesars Superdome pulled off a partial Hot Boys reunion with B.G. and Juvenile. Wayne opted to perform his own, solo surprise set at Essence.
A full reunion finally came together on Nov. 2 at Lil WeezyAna Fest, the annual celebration of Wayne’s world. Promoter Live Nation Urban moved the 2024 WeezyAna Fest from the event’s traditional home at Champions Square to the larger Smoothie King Center but all 14,000 or so tickets still sold out.
Even without any surprise guests, this WeezyAna Fest ranked as one of the best. The indoor setting facilitated a stepped-up production for a global livestream on Prime Video and the Twitch Amazon Music channel.
The show included a seven-minute, “Still Fly” set by the Big Tymers, the duo of Cash Money Records co-founder Bryan “Birdman” Williams, aka Baby, and the label’s longtime producer, Mannie Fresh. Tab Virgil Jr., aka Turk, Christopher “B.G.” Dorsey and Terius “Juvenile” Gray came out one at a time for crowd-pleasing solo turns.
They then joined Dwayne “Lil Wayne” Carter as the Hot Boys. They all seemed to enjoy the company and the moment as they took turns rapping solo and in tandem. After 22 minutes, the Hot Boys reunion was done; it could have, and should have, been longer, given all the excitement and anticipation.
Wayne closed the night with a solo turn during which Mayor LaToya Cantrell presented him with a key to the city. Percy “Master P” Miller, founder of No Limit Records and Cantrell’s recently appointed “entertainment ambassador,” also announced Wayne as one of the first honorees for the NOLA Walk of Fame at the foot of Canal Street.
Lil Wayne, who has publicly expressed his disappointment at being passed over as the halftime entertainer for the Super Bowl LIX halftime show, got a "lil" emotional accepting his hometown’s embrace.
Email Keith Spera at kspera@theadvocate.com.
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: