Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The Independent's journalism is supported by our readers. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. 
Influencer and gymnast Olivia ‘Livvy’ Dunne posts cryptic TikTok video following news of Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan’s rumored split 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Olivia Dunne has seemingly hinted at the reason behind Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan’s alleged split. 
The LSU gymnast recently sparked a social media frenzy after dropping what fans believe to be a clue as to why the “Taste” singer, 25, and the Saltburn actor, 32, reportedly called it quits. Earlier this week, an anonymous message began circulating on X/Twitter that described the relationship between “an A-list singer who’s having her breakout year” and “her foreign boyfriend,” which fans assumed to be Carpenter and Keoghan.
The message claimed that Keoghan had cheated on the “Nonsense” singer with a “blonde, semi-famous, LA-based influencer.” 
In Dunne’s latest TikTok video, she appeared to take a direct jab at fellow influencer Breckie Hill, seemingly implicating her in the alleged infidelity that led to the couple’s split. The now-viral clip, posted on Tuesday (December 3), showed Dunne staring directly into the camera with overlaying text that read: “When her true colors are finally revealed in the national media.”
She paired the video with the caption: “I just sit back and laugh.”
The video — which has more than five million views — instantly had fans buzzing in the comment section, as they interpreted it as a direct response to Hill’s alleged involvement in Carpenter and Keoghan’s split. After a fan questioned whether she was dissing the pop star, Dunne clarified in a comment on the post: “I love Sabrina… it’s about who homewrecked her relationship.”
Meanwhile, Hill seemingly responded to the love triangle speculation after she reposted two TikToks that claimed she was the mysterious influencer Keoghan was messaging. Internet users took it as confirmation, proceeding to attack her in the comment section of her most recent TikTok video. 
A majority of the comments included some sort of play on the lyrics from Carpenter’s hit song, “Espresso,” like one user who wrote: “This ain’t Espresso it’s Nesquick.”
“U are NOT me espresso >:(,” another TikToker said.
News of Carpenter and Keoghan’s rumored breakup initially broke on Tuesday, after People reported the two had parted ways. The outlet cited an exclusive source who attributed the split to their demanding schedules and career priorities, saying: “They are both young and career-focused, so they’ve decided to take a break.”
However, a day before the news broke, celebrity gossip account DeuxMoi posted an anonymous blind item, suggesting infidelity was the reason for the split. The message — titled, “The cute boy with the thick accent proved them right” — described an “A-list singer” breaking up with her “foreign actor boyfriend” after discovering he had been exchanging “not-innocent-at-all” messages with an influencer. 
The anonymous source claimed the couple had actually ended things in November, long before the official announcement. The actors have not addressed the anonymous post.
The pair first turned heads in December 2023 when they were seen sharing a cozy dinner in Los Angeles, but their connection reportedly sparked months earlier. Their paths collided during Paris Fashion Week that September, when they both attended a star-studded Givenchy show. 
The Oscar nominee was seen cheering on Carpenter at her Coachella performance this past April, and Keoghan even starred as the singer’s love interest in her “Please Please Please” music video last June.
The Independent has contacted Carpenter and Keoghan’s representatives for comment.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in