Shirts have been rendered irrelevant ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Katy Perry is currently in Paris for Fashion Week (much like every other celebrity – 
Sabrina Carpenter, Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid, to name just a few), and her outfit at the Balenciaga Haute Couture show can be best described as 'what you wear when it's 30 degrees out, but you're also freezing from the AC being on all day.'
And by that, I mean she showed up in nothing but a ripped-up pair of shoe tights, no shirt or bra, and an open oversized jacket. And she looked incredible, tbh!!! Seriously, only Katy could pull this look off.
She previously gave a look at those washboard abs when she dropped the cover art for her new single 'Woman's World' wearing just a tiny crochet bikini and giant metal robot legs but the dangerously low rise on her tights have us begging for the ab routine.
Elsewhere in her new KP6 fashion era, this ~lewk~ comes just a few days after Katy walked in Vogue World wearing a leather cut-out naked dress constructed from diamond-shaped panels. As one X, formerly Twitter, user joked, "Katy Perry on her way to save pop music" in reference to the power of her strut combined with her new naked aesthetic.
And yesterday, she showed up at the Ritz  wearing a dress with the longest train e-v-e-r, printed with what appeared to be lyrics from her upcoming single "Woman’s World."
We've got all the details plus fan reactions to the look here.
Katy also went on Instagram Live with fans while wearing the dress (she had the Eiffel Tower as a backdrop, casual) and chatted about her new music, saying "Yes, there are features on the album, and they're super fun and some you know some you might be introduced to." 
Already seated for this era, tbh. 
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.