James Devaney/GC Images
Sabrina Carpenter has had quite a successful career by singing about her love life, though she has chosen to keep most personal details regarding her dating history out of the spotlight.
After she released her Short n’ Sweet album in August 2024, listeners started to speculate that the album focuses heavily on her past fling with Shawn Mendes. Meanwhile, the song “Bed Chem” is rumored to be about her her then-boyfriend, Barry Keoghan. The pair reportedly ended their romance after one year of dating in December 2024.
In light of Sabrina and Barry’s split, several fans are wondering who else she has dated since entering the spotlight.
1 of 7
JC Olivera/Getty Images
Sabrina’s first public relationship was with fellow Disney Channel star Bradley Steven Perry. They were first romantically linked in 2014, and the “Taste” singer previously opened up about their first date while speaking to J-14.
“[It was a] really unique way to ask someone out. [It was] like the pirate movies, like, they do the little bottles and they put notes in them and send them across the ocean, like one of those, and [he] put a note inside. It was cute,” she said at the time.
Their romance wasn’t meant to be and they called it quits after one year of dating in 2015. Nearly one decade after their split, the Good Luck Charlie alum reflected on their relationship during a January 2024 episode of his “The Sit and Chat” podcast.
“My first girlfriend’s doing way better than anyone mostly in the world, I would say,” Bradley said at the time, jokingly adding, “She’s way too good for this podcast.”
While he didn’t state Sabrina’s name, he hinted at her identity by saying “she does a little bit of singin.’”
“Also, wish her nothing but the best. I don’t even have to ’cause she’s already got it,” he continued. “I don’t think she gives two f–ks. She wouldn’t even know [who I am]. She would go, ‘Who?’”
2 of 7
Kayla Oaddams/WireImage
Sabrina started dating Griffin Gluck after they met on set of their 2019 Netflix film, Tall Girl. She seemingly confirmed their romance in October 2019 when she posted a photo of them in matching Halloween costumes on Instagram. The duo continued to fuel romance rumors when they attended the premiere of Griffin’s film Big Time Adolescence later that year.
The pair never publicly confirmed their romance, and they seemingly split sometime in 2020 during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic.
3 of 7
Kevin Winter/WireImage
The “Nonsense” singer’s next public romance was with Joshua Bassett. They were first linked in summer 2020 after being spotted together at lunch and at various Black Lives Matter protests in Los Angeles. The pair continued to hint at their relationship by dressing up as Sharkboy and Lavagirl for Halloween that same year, which they shared photos of via Instagram.
While Sabrina and Joshua never confirmed their relationship or split, their romance made headlines in 2021 when Joshua’s ex-girlfriend Olivia Rodrigo released her debut single, “Driver’s License,” in which she mentions her ex moving on with a “blonde girl.”
4 of 7
Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images for IMDb
The Girl Meets World alum sparked romance rumors with Dylan O’Brien when they were spotted together in New York City in September 2022, though they never confirmed their relationship status.
5 of 7
Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV
Sabrina was linked to Shawn in January 2023 when they were photographed together in Los Angeles. One month later, they were spotted again while leaving a release party for Miley Cyrus.
Similar to her past romances, the “Espresso” singer never confirmed if she was dating Shawn. However, she seemingly referenced their fling and the fact that he moved on with ex Camila Cabello shortly after on several songs on her Short n’ Sweet album.
6 of 7
Dave Benett/Getty Images for Spotify
After she seemingly called it quits with Shawn, Sabrina was linked to David Dobrik in August 2023 after they were seen at TAO Chicago together following her Lollapalooza performance. Fans quickly wondered if the pair were an item, though Sabrina seemingly laughed off the rumors by captioning an Instagram post from the event, “Sry i don’t date lollapaloozas.”
7 of 7
Kevin Mazur/MG24/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue
The “Already Over” singer and Barry hinted they were dating in December 2023 when they were seen out and about together in Los Angeles. The couple continued to fuel rumors when they cozied up at a W Magazine afterparty in February 2024.
After they confirmed their romance, Barry attended several of Sabrina’s concerts and he even appeared in her June 2024 music video for “Please Please Please.”
The pair faced split rumors in August 2024 when gossip account DeuxMoi shared a tip implying that Sabrina and Barry went their separate ways. However, neither Sabrina nor Barry addressed the rumors at the time and he continued to be outspokenly supportive of her career.
It was later confirmed in December 2024 that they had called it quits after one year of dating. “Sabrina and Barry are broken up,” a source told Us Weekly on December 3, 2024. “They had a little bit of a break a few months ago but this break was very recent.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: