Pop singer and actress Sabrina Carpenter puzzled many on social media for her use of the fetishization term "BBC" during a recent performance.
The "Espresso" artist was a performer at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend 2024 in Luton, England last weekend, where she did a live rendition of her 2022 track "Nonsense." For the song's outro, she gave it a risque flip, singing what she thought was a clever play on the NSFW term "BBC."
"BBC said I should keep it PG/BBC I wish I had it in me/There's a double meaning if you dig deep," Carpenter sang while laughing onstage.
But some social media users didn't find the line funny, especially those who are Black, considering the reference offensive and racist.
Although Carpenter hasn't responded to the controversy, members of her "Carpenters" fanbase have defended her, claiming the reference was simply a play on words.
Carpenter has used a variation of the "BBC" line before, one in which the actual network, BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation), had to edit out of a 2023 performance of "Nonsense."
“An unedited version of the video was briefly posted in error, and the correct version is now available for viewers to enjoy,” a BBC Radio 1 spokesperson tells Billboard in 2023. The video cuts out before she says the ad-lib.
"How quickly can you take your clothes off, pop quiz/I’m American I am not British, so BBC: it stands for something different/This Live Lunge is so lit because I’m in it, innit," she sang at the time.
The "Nonsense" performance isn't on BBC Radio 1's YouTube, but her performance of "Espresso" is. You can watch it below.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Cardi B Shares Porn Habits After Candace Owens Calls for Ban, Says It Can ‘Teach Men How to Please a Woman’
music | BY Jordan Rose
Ranking Song of the Summer 2024 Contenders
sports | BY Joe Price
Michael Porter Jr. Tells Ex-Adult Film Star Lana Rhoades He's Seen 'Fetishes Get So Crazy' With NBA Players
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.