By CHARLOTTE DEAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:32, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  22:06, 23 June 2024   
 13
View  comments
FKA twigs ensured all eyes were on her as she took to the runway in Chanel at the Vogue World: Paris show on Sunday evening in the French capital.
The biggest and brightest names in fashion descended on the iconic Place Vendome to celebrate 100 years of style in the country.
FKA twigs looked incredible in a strapless black ruffled dress by the French designer, which she styled with sheer tights and towering platform heels.
The singer also debuted a dramatic two-tone hair style, after dying her buzzcut peroxide blonde, while also sporting her long black dreadlocks.
FKA twigs, who has previously appeared on the cover of British Vogue, added decorative black body crystals to her skin and sported drop diamond earrings.
FKA twigs ensured all eyes were on her as she took to the runway in Chanel at the Vogue World: Paris show on Sunday evening in the French capital
The biggest and brightest names in fashion descended on the iconic Place Vendome to celebrate 100 years of style in the country
FKA twigs looked incredible in a strapless black ruffled dress by the French designer, which she styled with sheer tights and towering platform heels
A cohort of famous faces took part in the sold-out Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city.
The fashion show also featured performances by Bad Bunny and Aya Nakumura, while Katy Perry made a surprise appearance on the runway. 
Meanwhile Cara Delevingne provided commentary on the live stream for those who were unable to get tickets as she talked the viewers through each era of fashion. 
The venue for the show was the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film.
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion extravaganza. 
The sports included cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and break dancing, among others and the fashion will shine a spotlight on both modern and historic designers. 
The singer also debuted a dramatic two-tone hair style, after dying her buzzcut peroxide blonde, while also sporting her long black dreadlocks
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World: New York was a street fair, and Vogue World: London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire. 
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.
FKA twigs, who has previously appeared on the cover of British Vogue, added decorative black body crystals to her skin and sported drop diamond earrings
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the sold-out Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group