By ADRIAN THRILLS 
 Published:  00:52, 12 April 2024   |  Updated:  01:04, 12 April 2024   
 51
View  comments
Mark Knopfler One Deep River (EMI)
Rating:
Not content with reviving his classic film theme Going Home with Eric Clapton, Bruce Springsteen and others for the Teenage Cancer Trust, the former Dire Straits singer has also come up with his first new solo record in six years.
Its leisurely pace is closer to 1981's Romeo And Juliet than 1985's Money For Nothing, but Knopfler's guitar work is an understated delight, decorating his bar-room blues songs without overshadowing them.
An enduring fascination with America surfaces on railroad heist song Tunnel 13. The title track salutes his native Newcastle.
Not content with reviving his classic film theme Going Home with Eric Clapton, Bruce Springsteen and others for the Teenage Cancer Trust, the former Dire Straits singer has also come up with his first new solo record in six years
Its leisurely pace is closer to 1981's Romeo And Juliet than 1985's Money For Nothing, but Knopfler's guitar work is an understated delight, decorating his bar-room blues songs without overshadowing them
An enduring fascination with America surfaces on railroad heist song Tunnel 13. The title track salutes his native Newcastle
Girl In Red: I'm Doing It Again Baby! (Columbia)
Rating:
Oslo pop sensation Marie Ulven — aka Girl In Red — spent much of 2023 opening for Taylor Swift on The Eras Tour, and the ensuing confidence boost has filtered through to her second album. 
Produced by fellow Norwegian Matias Tellez, its candid lyrics celebrate her recovery from a period of anxiety. 
Oslo pop sensation Marie Ulven — aka Girl In Red — spent much of 2023 opening for Taylor Swift on The Eras Tour, and the ensuing confidence boost has filtered through to her second album
Marie Ulven known professionally as Girl In Red, performs at the Sziget Festival 2023
'Melancholic tragedy seems to follow me around,' she laments on the piano-led I'm Back, but the onus is largely on optimistic dance-pop numbers that will appeal to her young, mostly female fans.
American singer Sabrina Carpenter duets on You Need Me Now?
MICHAEL SPYRES: In The Shadows (Erato)
Rating:
By Tully Potter
The most interesting tenor recording today is the American Michael Spyres.
The man from Missouri has a terrific voice but also commands most of the graces we associate with the term bel canto; in particular he has a magnificent trill which he can control at will.
The most interesting tenor recording today is the American Michael Spyres. Pictured: In The Shadows album cover 
This recital made in Paris with Les Talents Lyriques under Christophe Rousset includes a few well-known arias from Fidelio, Der Freischutz, Norma, Rienzi and Lohengrin.
However seven of the scenes are from half-forgotten operas by Mehul, Rossini, Spontini, Meyerbeer and Auber, plus one from Wagner's early Die Feen, hardly ever heard.
My favourite is 'Suona funerea' from Meyerbeer's Il Crociato In Egitto, where we hear Spyres singing and trilling in all registers with what Keats called 'full-throated ease'.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group