By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:45, 16 July 2024   |  Updated:  20:06, 16 July 2024   
 12
View  comments
Natasha Bure, the daughter of Full House alum Candace Cameron Bure, appears to be in a new romance with Disney alum Bradley Steven Perry. 
The actress, 25, was seen kissing Perry, also 25, in a recent snap he posted to his Instagram account.
The kissing photo was the final image in a carousel of pictures Perry posted to his Instagram over the weekend which provided a life update for fans. 
In the snap, Bradley tenderly smooched Natasha as he touched her long brunette hair. 
Though her head was turned to the back of the camera, he ensured fans knew whom he was smooching by tagging Bure in the photo.
Disney alum Bradley Steven Perry shared this snap of him kissing Candace Cameron Bure 
Bure, pictured March 2023, was seen kissing Bradley in a snap he posted to his Instagram over the weekend 
In another cute move, Bradley also re-posted an Instagram Story Bure shared of two slices of pizza.
He wasn't tagged in the image, but it was likely his hand holding the plate of food.  
Perry has starred in numerous Disney projects including Mighty Med, Good Luck Charlie, and Lab Rats: Elite Force. 
Natasha made an appearance on Perry's online cooking show back in April and the duo have been leaving the occasional comment on one another's Instagram posts over the past few months.
Natasha even made a comment as far back as February on Perry's Instagram. 
In another life update post, Natasha remarked of a snap of a grassy lawn at the time: 'Cool mulch on slide 6, very scenic.' Perry replied, 'Thank you it's new.' 
Perry previously dated fellow Disney alum Sabrina Carpenter. 
The two dated as teens, when they were both stars on Disney shows Good Luck Charlie and Girl Meets World.
Perry re-posted this snap Natasha shared of her New York food tour; he appeared to be the one holding the pizza
Natasha made an appearance on Bradley's online cooking show back in April
Perry has starred in numerous Disney projects including Mighty Med, Good Luck Charlie, and Lab Rats: Elite Force
They pair dated in 2015 and the songstress even shared how Perry asked her out in a June 2015 interview with J14.
'[It was a] really unique way to ask someone out,' Sabrina recalled.
She added, '[It was] like the pirate movies, like they do the little bottles and they put notes in them and send them across the ocean, like one of those, and [he] put a note inside. It was cute.'
Natasha is the daughter of Full House alum Candace and former NHL player Valeri Bure. In addition to Natasha, the couple, who wed in 1996, also have son Lev, 24, and Maksim, 22. 
Bure is the daughter of Candace Cameron Bure and Valeri Bure; pictured in April
Perry, pictured in June 2023, dated Sabrina Carpenter when they were teenagers
In January, Lev tied the knot with Elliott Dunham in an outdoor woodsy wedding. 
When announcing the marriage, Candace shared how 'grateful' she was of her 'generational blessing of long lasting Christ-centered marriages' in her family, adding that the Holy Spirit was present at the nuptials.
The actress gushed about the wedding and congratulated her son and now daughter-in-law Elliott, introducing them as Lev and Elliott Bure. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group