Posted in: NBC, Peacock, Preview, streaming, TV, YouTube | Tagged: nbc, peacock, preview, saturday night live, snl
NBC's Saturday Night Live host Jake Gyllenhaal and musical guest Sabrina Carpenter were joined by Bowen Yang for SNL's on-stage promos.
Okay, it's finally sinking in. This weekend marks the Season 49 finale of NBC's Saturday Night Live – with host Jake Gyllenhaal (Apple TV's Presumed Innocent) and musical guest Sabrina Carpenter looking to end the season on a strong (and very funny) note. That brings us to the last Studio 8H On-Stage Promo for the season – with Gyllenhaal & Carpenter joined by SNL star Bowen Yang. First up, Gyllenhaal & Yang serenade Carpenter with their song, "Boy Shorts Summer." Following that, Yang shares with Gyllenhaal how the latter's Roadhouse body "inspired" him. Finally, our musical guest slays Gyllenhaal & Yang with a "carpenter" joke – check it all out in the video above.
Back in November 2023, fans got a chance to check out the official Season 49 cast image that Photographer Mary Ellen Matthews took – here's a look:
And here's the behind-the-scenes featurette that was released shortly after, spotlighting how it all came together:
NBC's Emmy Award-winning late-night comedy showcase "Saturday Night Live" returns for its 49th season of laughs, surprises and standout performances.
"SNL" is the most Emmy-nominated show in history and holds 93 Emmy wins (including awards for its specials and short-form series). "SNL" has been honored twice (1990 and 2009) with the prestigious George Foster Peabody Award and was inducted into the Broadcasting Hall of Fame. The show continues to garner the highest ratings and largest audience of any late-night television program, entertaining millions each week on linear and digital platforms.
Since its inception in 1975, "SNL" has launched the careers of many of the brightest comedy performers of their generation. "SNL" makes headlines with topical humor reflecting politics and current events, features an array of characters with a perspective on pop culture that remains unparalleled, and offers sharp political commentary through its signature "Weekend Update" segment. A variety show that is truly one of a kind, "SNL" also attracts the biggest stars of music to its stage for innovative viral performances.
NBC's Saturday Night Live Season 49 company includes Michael Che, Mikey Day, Andrew Dismukes, Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner, Marcello Hernandez, James Austin Johnson, Punkie Johnson, Colin Jost, Molly Kearney, Michael Longfellow, Ego Nwodim, Sarah Sherman, Kenan Thompson, Chloe Troast, Devon Walker, and Bowen Yang. SNL is executive-produced by Lorne Michaels, with Liz Patrick directing and alum Darrell Hammond announcing. Broadcasting from Studio 8H in Rockefeller Center, the long-running late-night sketch comedy/music series is produced by SNL Studios in association with Universal Television and Broadway Video.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!