Live Nation Offering Cheap Concerts In Las Vegas: 4 Tickets For Only $80
Live Nation might actually SAVE you money this time around. Wait - what?
Everyone has concert fatigue these days, because of the high price of tickets. Well, Live Nation is going to help you out. They are bringing back their Summer’s Live 4-Pack deal for 2024, and there are some GREAT shows to see in Las Vegas!
Through the end of July, concert-goers, and show lovers, can get four tickets for $80. to literally thousands of concerts, shows and events, across the country.
The promotion runs from now until July 30th. All you have to do is pick one of the events offered (see events close to you here), choose “4 tickets,” and look for the “Summer 4 Pack Offer.” Click on “Unlock,” and then enter the code: 24SUMMER.
The shows offered cover every genre of entertainment - even comedy (yay!). Rock fans can see bands like Green Day, Slipknot, 311, Third Eye Blind, Lynyrd Skynyrd and ZZ Top, Thirty Seconds to Mars, Limp Bizkit, Bush, Alanis Morissette, Cage the Elephant, Deep Purple, The Doobie Brothers, Kings of Leon, and Stone Temple Pilots. Other amazing shows include Sylvan Esso, Owl City, Siddhartha, Jonas Brothers, Derek Hough, Jeff Foxworthy, Jeff Dunham, Kathleen Madigan, DL Hughley, Keith Sweat. 
Country fans can hopefully nab tickets to see Luke Bryan, Hank Williams Jr., and all of the artists at Willie Nelson’s “Outlaw Music Festival.”  Indie rock fans can see Two Door Cinema Club, and Wallows - who recently did a really cool cover of Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso."
If you'd like more information on Live Nation's Summer's Live 4-Pack deals, click here - and get tickets here.
If you're one of those people who paid a small fortune to see Taylor Swift, Beyonce, Adele, or Garth - try to take advantage of this deal. And see something - ANYTHING - cheap! 
Here are the dozens of Las Vegas shows you can take advantage of. 
It's Father's Day weekend - that means you have to listen to Dad Rock.
When I say "Dad Rock" what bands come to mind? My 30 year old nieces and nephews would say Led Zeppelin, Rolling Stones, Eagles, Tom Petty. But what about Pearl Jam? Nirvana?  Bon Jovi? Yep - Dad Rock!
Maybe it's time to look at "Dad Rock," and how far back it can actually go.
Some punk kid (you actually have to say that once you're at least 10 years older than someone who says something you don't like) made a video a while back, claiming that bands like Linkin Park, Matchbox 20, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Fall Out Boy are now DAD ROCK.
What? According to the Urban Dictionary, Dad Rock is basically just that: Rock music your dad listened to when he was young. According to that definition, that can span several decades, depending on how old your dad is.
But seriously - My Chemical Romance and Red Hot Chili Peppers?? 
In the 80's when you listened to oldies, it was 60's and 70's songs. For 90's kids, oldies were 70's and 80's. So by that loose scientific research, the determination is that music that is 20 to 30 years old, is now considered an "oldie." Yikes!
Now if you're 20, 25, 30 years old, your oldies are going to be relatively new. But the sad fact is, by all of this new math - everything will soon be dad rock music.
So dads, go ahead and pop in that Red Hot Chili Peppers CD - or Cassette - and get that dad bod rockin'! And know that your music IS, and always WILL BE, cool!
By the way, interesting, and possibly even ironic:  The kid who made the video is wearing a Metallica shirt.
Now I have to wonder - is there also "Mom Rock"?
Here are some of the bands that are  considered to be the top "Dad Rock" bands. Brace yourself dads!
Nickelback is the "bro band" of Dad rock." They claimed the top "dad band" spot on Loudwire's top 10 Dad Rock bands. Nickelback has become a meme, and are made fun of to no end. People love to hate them.But deep down, I think people truly love Nickelback. And nobody can tell me that "How You Remind Me" wasn't a bop!  
Van Halen, to many, will be one of the ultimate, and definitive rock bands of the era, because of Eddie Van Halen, and David Lee Roth. Whether you like the DLR of Sammy version of the band better, it doesn't matter. DLR and EVH defined the sound of Van Halen - you really can't argue that. Now put on your spandex, dad - but maybe go up a size.
Blink-182 is still one of the coolets, and fun bads ever. Pop punk at its finest. Raw and loud vocals, and it just seemed like they were always having fun, which made you feel the same way! 
&nbsp;
Limp Bizkit's sound was something different, at the time. It definitely wasn't mainstream. But LB was definitely he beginning of the whole era of rap metal/rock - which we went on to see a lot of. Their live shows were powerful, and they were everywhere, for a while.
&nbsp;
Nooooo! You never thought Jon Bon Jovi, with that beautiful flowing hair, would be labeled DAD ROCK! He worked that stage like a true rocker - and still did, the last time I saw him. His documentary "Thank You. Goodnight" is great. It really give you a good look at the work he put in to start the band, and make it the huge success it was - is.
&nbsp;
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!