Janet Jackson will perform in New Jersey and New York on July 9-10.Judie Vegh, Special to Cleveland.com
I will always try to secure Janet Jackson concert tickets, “Any Time, Any Place”.
While on her extended “Together Again” tour, Jackson will perform at the Prudential Center in Newark on July 9 and at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, N.Y. on July 10.
Jackson’s tour began on June 4 in Palm Desert, Calif. and will wrap up on July 30 in Phoenix.
Nelly will be a special guest for the New Jersey and New York concerts and the duration of the “Together Again” tour.
The “Together Again” tour will celebrate her 50th anniversary in the entertainment industry and spotlight three of Jackson’s critically acclaimed albums: “The Velvet Rope,” “janet” and “Rhythm Nation.”
Tickets for Jackson’s tour are available on secondary market websites, such as Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity, SeatGeek and Ticketmaster.
The cheapest ticket available at the time of publication for her Prudential Center concert, before fees, is $15 on StubHub.
For her Barclays Center concert in New York, the cheapest ticket available at the time of publication before fees is $45 on StubHub.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Jackson’s tour dates is available here.
Janet Jackson is not the only artist heading out on tour this year.
Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss seeing: Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Sabrina Carpenter.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices