Selena Gomez attended Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet Tour with friends at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, Sept. 29, and she pretty much lit the internet on fire.
Gomez shared a video on her Instagram account of herself dancing to Carpenter’s new song “Juno,” and simply captioned it by tagging her boyfriend Benny Blanco (@itsbennyblanco).
The pop singer held onto the railing of her private suite while singing along to the lyrics and shaking her hair styled with sexy, voluminous curls. 
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Blanco commented on the video with a flirty reply, referencing Gomez’s 2015 hit song “Hands to Myself.” The record producer wrote: “Can’t keep my hands to myself.” 
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
The music producer’s romantic response confirmed the pair are still together, “which was a good reminder to all the social media haters who raised some eyebrows over Gomez’s sexy dance moves—especially after a video of her dancing with Emilia Perez costar Édgar Ramirez surfaced online,” as reported by OK!
Fans on X were tweeting comments like, “sorry for her boyfriend,” “who’s this dude with her leave her alone,” “it’s an improvement Selena good job,” and “Selena and Édgar, what a duo!” to name just a few.
Sorry for her boyfriend
Who's this dude with her leave her alone
It’s an improvement Selena good job
Selena and Édgar, what a duo!
Gomez performs the song “Mi Camino” in the upcoming movie Emilia Pérez. The pop singer shared a clip of the song on Instagram recently after the first trailer was released.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
The movie is slated to debut on the streaming platform Netflix on November 13, according to Deadline.
The Only Murders in the Building star wore a plunging, sparkly black mini dress with sheer panels and long sleeves. She paired it with bedazzled, fishnet tights and white leather boots, which were featured in the Instagram story that she shared before the show started. 
Selena Gomez at the Sabrina Carpenter concert! pic.twitter.com/UlfXvjdb5y
Selena Gomez also shared a GRWM (Getting Ready With Me) video on TikTok before the concert.
Interested in more hot celebrity gossip? Check out this recent story about Lana Del Rey marrying an alligator tour guide in a bayou swamp wedding.