By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J and Shawn Mendes will join the lineup for the 2024 MTV VMAs, the network announced on Tuesday.

	They joined a lineup that includes previously announced performers Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Camila Cabello, Rauw Alejandro, Benson Boone, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz and Blackpink’s Lisa. The show takes place live on Wednesday, September 11th at 8 p.m. ET/PT from New York’s UBS Arena. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	Anitta will bring her signature Brazilian funk to the MTV stage for a third consecutive year with a medley of “Savage Funk” and “Alegria” plus the world premiere of “Paradise” with guest appearances by Fat Joe, DJ Khaled and Tiago PZK. The first-ever Brazilian to win at the “VMAs” in 2022, Anitta is vying for her third consecutive “Best Latin” win this year, with 2 nominations in that category among her three total nods.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Karol G returns as well, after winning her first Moon Person last year for “Best Collaboration” alongside Shakira and made a show-stopping VMAs debut with a sultry rendition of “Oki Doki” / “Tá Ok.”

	Following last year’s 50th Anniversary of Hip-Hop tribute – and his first VMAs performance in over 25 years – LL Cool J returns a performance of new music from his upcoming album “The Force.” He performed and took home his first Moon Person in 1991 for “Best Rap.”

	Ahead of the release of his fifth studio album, Shawn Mendes will be making his first televised performance of a song from the album. 

	The VMAs had been scheduled for Sept. 10; now that that has been confirmed as the date for the first debate of election cycle between Harris and Donald Trump, MTV has moved its signature awards show back by one night, to Sept. 11.

	Taylor Swift leads VMA nominees with 10, followed by Post Malone with nine (most of those for his duet with Swift, “Fortnight”). Carpenter is tied with Ariana Grande and Eminem with six nominations each. Following behind with multiple nods are Megan Thee Stallion and SZA (five each), and Lisa, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims (four each).
The Business of Entertainment