Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The Oscar-nominated actor and his brother entered the foster system after their mother, who struggled with addiction, was no longer able to care for them.

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

Barry Keoghan gave insight into his experience growing up in foster care and how it affected his life for a while afterward.

	The Oscar-nominated actor stopped by This Life of Mine With James Corden amid production on the upcoming Peaky Blinders film, in which he stars opposite Cillian Murphy. While speaking with the former late night host, he got candid about what he and his brother went through after their mother was unable to care for them due to struggles with addiction.



	“As a kid, you don’t know what’s going on,” he said. “You have no kind of gauge on, ‘This is a process, and we’re going to go to a next home.’ You arrive and like, ‘This is it.’ And then you get took and you go to another one and that starts to affect you as you grow up and wherever…. You don’t trust the process of anything. You have a problem with attachment and abandonment.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					The Weeknd Wows CinemaCon With Performance Introduced by Jenna Ortega		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Beatles Biopics Reveal Cast, 2028 Release for All Four Sam Mendes Movies		
			








	He explained that he’s worked on a lot of this with several therapists over the years, noting he’s especially felt it as he experiences big moments in his life like being a father and having his first movie premiere.

	“It just comes back and knocks on the door,” The Banshees of Inisherin star said. “Never trusted love, never trusted that someone wanted to know me or, let’s say, be a friend, for instance. I always kind of questioned it. You’re hard-wired differently. You have to really be aware and be honest and be brutally honest with yourself and to work on these things.” 

	Keoghan has a 2-year-old son named Brando, whom he shares with ex Alyson Sandro. Having a child has made these things come into play more so than before because he doesn’t have a blueprint or experience with his own father, who was absent from his life, to draw on. “I had none,” he shared.

	The Saltburn star previously opened up about what he went through on The Louis Theroux Podcast in November. He and his brother went to 14 foster homes, made up of 13 families, between the ages of 5 and 8, and lived with his grandmother at one point.

	Since the actor’s life has become more public, through his previous relationship with Sabrina Carpenter and more popular projects, people have accused him of being an absentee father because he doesn’t post about his son or speak about him all that often.

	“The more public I’ve become, the less I’ve posted about my child because I don’t think it is fair to put my child online,” he said. “There’s a lot [of abuse] online. If I didn’t have tough skin or the strength to have, I wouldn’t be sitting here.” 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.