Blush has been a mainstay in many people's make-up kits this summer, thanks to celebs like Sabrina Carpenter, and just because the season is changing doesn't mean the trend is going anywhere.
In fact, it's escalating, with people finding new and innovative ways to apply the product, resulting in truly stunning looks and glowy skin, which many are after.
This time around, people are incorporating their liquid highlighter into their blush routine using the popular glazed donut method, which has been shared countless times on social media platforms such as TikTok. But how can you achieve this coveted look yourself?
Start by taking your liquid highlighter and creating a ring shape with it - much like a donut. Then, take a liquid blusher of your choice and fill the ring of the donut - think of it as the jam in the middle.
Next, you'll need a suitable blusher brush with compact enough bristles to blend the look out. Apply it down onto the apples of your cheeks, and up onto your cheekbones for the most radiant, gorgeous makeup look you've ever created.
This technique would be perfect for daytime make-up, or at night when you're aiming to glow. The trend has been shared numerous times, demonstrating the various ways people prefer to apply the blush and highlight combo.
Teresa Grimmer (@teresa. grimmer) sparked a sensation online with her makeup video, racking up comments such as "Immediately yes", "Wow this is gorgeous", and "Going to try this tomorrow".
However, not everyone felt they could jump on the beauty bandwagon; one person lamented: "I HATE that I have oily skin and have to set all my makeup because this is GORGEOUS".
While many were enthralled by the "colour it creates" and how the blusher's "gorgeous glow" changed the game, another jestingly shared their own experience: "So cute!!!! Love it!! I usually look like a glazed donut naturally after a couple of hours".
Do you have a story to share? Email: danielle.wroe@mirror.co.uk
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.