Sab's reported response to the breakup is lol. 
If you've been keeping your fingers crossed for a reconciliation between Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan, I've got some bad news for you: Things aren't exactly amicable between the two right now. 
A source tells Entertainment Tonight "things didn’t end well"—and yep, according to the insider, Sab and Barry are "definitely broken up right now." 
Luckily, it's doesn't seem like Sabrina is losing any sleep over the split. "Sabrina isn’t sad over the breakup and is staying busy and distracted," the insider adds. 
Well then!
The news of Sabrina and Barry's breakup was officially confirmed by sources on December 3, with an insider for People claiming they'd "decided to take a break" to focus on their careers. 
As for why they went their separate ways, a source for ET seemed to think Sabrina was the one who initiated the breakup. "Barry and Sabrina have been on and off for a while, and right now they are not together," the source noted. "Sabrina is figuring out what she wants, and focused on her career."  
Though never confirmed, you might recall these two first sparked breakup rumors back in August, with a source telling People the relationship was "on and off." 
At the time, an ET insider even claimed Sabrina and Barry were "definitely broken up," adding, "There's a chance they will get back together eventually." 
Even after Barry gave Sabrina a shoutout for "Bed Chem" in his IG Story in late August, seemingly dismissing the breakup rumors, an insider told ET that Sabrina and Barry were "in contact and trying to make things work" but weren't "officially back together." 
Welp, whether this is their first time breaking up or not, it seems like Sab and Barry may be done for good this time. 
Does ‘Thunderbolts*’ Have Any Post-Credit Scenes?
Why Can’t ‘Another Simple Favor’ Be Gay? 
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
Where You’ve Seen You’s Madeline Brewer Before
Every Character Joe Goldberg Has Killed in ‘You'
'You' Season 5 Cast: Full Character Guide
‘You’ Season 5 Ending, Explained
Breaking Down the 'The Four Seasons' Finale
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
Breaking Down the Ending of ‘Thunderbolts*’
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.