We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"Something super weird is going on."
The Simpsons has teased at an "episode fans have waited for since 1989".
The new series of the hit animation premieres on FOX on Sunday (September 29), before landing on US streaming service Hulu the following day.
The show's official X (formerly Twitter) account posted a trailer for season 36 earlier this week, with the caption hinting at a long-awaited episode for fans. 
During the clip, Bart is seen hanging outside Moe's Tavern, where he notices that "something super weird is going on". Elsewhere, Homer reveals he is going to start taking a "miracle new diet drug".
Related: The Simpsons episode pulled from Channel 4 after Donald Trump gun attack
Following the trailer's release, the show's writer and producer Michael Price took to X to urge fans not to miss the anticipated episode.
"You do NOT want to miss this. A truly epic episode that people will be talking about on Monday. Written by @jessicajconrad, EP'd by @mattselman and Co-Run by yours truly," he wrote.
Fans quickly shared their theories over what the surprise could be, with many speculating that we might finally see the characters age.
"You mean something changes the status quo in a permanent way, not in a Family Guy death of Brian way?" wrote one fan on X, while another added: "A canon change would be neat."
Related: The Simpsons' Bart Simpson star confirms relation to Sabrina Carpenter
Viewers also expressed their excitement at the new season, with one writing: "I'm getting so excited for this big Sunday!!" Another added: "It's about time!" 
The first episode of the new series, titled 'Bart's Birthday', will see Marge and Homer's eldest child celebrate his birthday with a "shocking" party.
"Bart celebrates the most shocking birthday party of his entire life – one that might just change everyone in Springfield forever," teased the episode's official synopsis.
The episode will also feature John Cena, Tom Hanks, Conan O'Brien and Danny DeVito – who returns to the show after guest-starring in 1991, 1992 and 2013.
The Simpsons season 36 premieres on Sunday, September 29 on FOX in the US. Seasons 1-34 are currently streaming on Disney+ in the UK.
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

The Simpsons breaks record as future confirmed
The Simpsons fans stunned to discover movie fact
Simpsons star on fears of "being replaced" on show
The Simpsons showrunner addresses show ending
The Simpsons gets channel swap in the UK
British TV star lands role in The Simpsons
The Simpsons star retires from show after 35 years
The Simpsons answers series-long mystery
The Simpsons boss hits out at fans who ruin show
The Simpsons' "finale" causes confusion with fans
The Simpsons fans predict iconic character return
The Simpsons episode pulled after Trump gun attack
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.