Thursday, October 31, 2024 at 9:27 AM
                

                        By D Scott
                                            

            Are you dressing up as any of these this year?
        
Halloween is here!
If you're wondering what the most searched costumes for 2024 are then you have come to the right place. There a lot of movie characters that made the list this year along with some that might make you scratch your head a little bit. 
Here we go, the top 25 most searched costumes of the year according to what Google is telling us - 
After taking a look at this list, is your costume on here?

                    This gem from 1990 talks about the new Knickerbocker Arena, the Greyhound Strike and a bonus Montgomery Ward Commercial. 
                

                    Apparently 14 year olds and younger shouldn't ref games
                

                    The show features life at colleges across the US
                

                    A rundown of the free shows coming up this summer
                

                    The Trestle Restaurant & Pub is no more.
                
This gem from 1990 talks about the new Knickerbocker Arena, the Greyhound Strike and a bonus Montgomery Ward Commercial. 
Apparently 14 year olds and younger shouldn't ref games
The show features life at colleges across the US
A rundown of the free shows coming up this summer
The Trestle Restaurant & Pub is no more.
Police are looking for the vessel involved as restoration efforts face a new setback.
The 136th annual HVFA Convention & Parades returns to Lake George
Fire official says its the worst fire of his career.
Police are asking everyone to avoid the downtown area. 
The new flavor will be available until June 8. 
Melissa Etheridge & Indigo Girls to Unite for Unforgettable SPAC Show
Looking for cheap stuff? Everything from cars to vacuums are up for auction. 
Join the Bmail Club!
Stay up to date on the latest concerts and events in the Capital Region! 
Come work with B 95.5

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.