The actress of the moment, Jenna Ortega has made a disturbing admission about her time on the social media platform X. 
Jenna, 21, is no stranger to the spotlight, having rose to fame as a child actress. 
She has starred in various hit shows, including Jane the Virgin, Disney Channel’s Stuck in the Middle, and Netflix’s hit show You. 
Recently, she gained global recognition for her role as Wednesday Addams in the Netflix original series Wednesday. 
Featuring on The Hollywood Reporter’s 2023 Power 100 and Forbes’s annual 30 Under 30 list, she has accumulated a large following of 38 million followers on Instagram, but it seems there is one social media platform she won’t be returning to. 
In a recent interview, the actress opened up about how a stint on X, formerly Twitter, left her feeling ‘terrified’ when she was a teenager. 
Speaking to the New York Times as part of their podcast The Interview, the Beetlejuice Beetlejuice star said when she joined the social media platform, she was sent ‘dirty’ fake AI-generated images of herself. 
‘I hate AI. .’ she declared. ‘Did I like being 14 [years old] and making a Twitter account because I was supposed to, and seeing dirty edited content of me as a child? No. It’s terrifying. It’s corrupt,’ she said. 
Jenna continued to share the intensity of the situation, noting that the first DM she ever received was an ‘unsolicited photo of a man’s genitals’.
‘It’s wrong, it’s disgusting. Here’s the problem, though. We’ve opened Pandora’s box. Well, it is what it is. It’s out there now. We’re gonna have to deal with the consequences.’
She explained that after she starred in Wednesday, the direct messages she was receiving only got more ‘repulsive,’ leaving her in a ‘confused state’. 
‘I would make political statements or, just personal ones or just talk about excitement for jobs, and then I was greeted with this stuff. And it was just disgusting, and it made me feel bad. It made me feel uncomfortable,’ she said. 
The actress said before long, she decided to delete her account entirely, ‘I just woke up and I thought, ‘Oh, I don’t need this anymore.’ So I dropped it!”
It comes just days after the star appeared in Sabrina Carpenter’s music video for her new single, Taste, with the two sharing a passionate kiss. 
Cast as Sabrina’s rival in the music video, which was released as part of the 25-year-old singer’s new album, Short ’n’ Sweet, the two women were seen fighting over a boy. 
The video, which references Death Becomes Her, Psycho, Kill Bill, Ginger Snaps, and Scream, among other horror films, follows a hilarious narrative of the two trying to kill each other. However, it was the moment they shared a brief kiss that stood out to fans. 
‘Sabrina kissing Jenna was not on my bingo card BUT HERE I STAND,’ Gabrielacamargo2892 said on YouTube.
Wigconic added: ‘Sabrina and Jenna kissing each other is something we never knew we needed.’
‘The fact that Sabrina kissing Jenna in this MV is absolutely revolutionary move!’ MINETURNNOWRblxGaming added.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: 7 dead film stars who have been brought back to life on screen with CGI
Arrow
MORE: Alien: Romulus viewers ‘disgusted’ as dead film star is brought back to life through AI
Arrow
MORE: Calculator predicts when you’ll die – and it’s scarily accurate