Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Contact us by Email
Aug. 22 2024, Published 8:00 p.m. ET
Anyone But You star Sydney Sweeney, 26, said she'd do a musical – but usually only sings in the shower!
A source told Life & Style Britney Spears would like to see Sweeney play the lead role in the biopic.
The insider said: "She's a huge Euphoria fan so the fact that Sydney Sweeney's name is in the mix is super exciting.
"Not to mention having Jon M Chu directing, he's the best of the best and Britney's giddy about working with him and producer Marc Platt."
Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown, 20, said: "I want to play a real person, and her story resonates with me."
On The Tonight Show in 2015, Spears' longtime frenemy Christina Aguilera, 43, did an amazing impression of her while singing This Little Piggy.
Actress and singer Sabrina Carpenter, 25, has called Spears a pop icon (obviously!) and has even covered …Baby One More Time.
The dress fits! 
Blake Lively, 36, said on August 6 while wearing the actual Versace gown the icon once wore: "I feel so lucky."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Could the Crossroads star play herself?!
Spears, 42, wrote on Instagram in 2022: "I hear about people wanting to do movies about my life… dude I'm not dead!" 
Talks about the perfect actress to play the Toxic singer's role started after Universal Pictures confirmed its plans to create the film version of her best-selling memoir, with Wicked director, Chu, helming the adaptation. 
The Woman in Me, which has sold more than three million copies since its release in October 2023, chronicled the pop star's life and career – from her time as a member of the Mickey Mouse Club to the moment she was put under a conservatorship.
Spears also made headlines after revealing details about her past relationship with Justin Timberlake, including her pregnancy and eventual abortion.
At the time of release, Spears said: "I poured my heart and soul into my memoir, and I am grateful to my fans and readers around the world for their unwavering support."
Spears also posted an update about the project on her X page, writing: "Excited to share with my fans that I've been working on a secret project with #MarcPlatt. He’s always made my favorite movies … stay tuned 🌹🎥."
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.