Meghan Trainor will perform at Madison Square Garden on Sept. 25.Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Liv
“I Wanna Thank Me” for finding cheap Meghan Trainor concert tickets.
The singer is set to perform at Madison Square Garden on Sept. 25 during her “The Timeless Tour,” and tickets are under $30.
With tickets being this cheap, there is a high chance tickets aren’t going to last on the secondary market.
Here is how you can get your hands on these last-minute tickets.
The cheapest ticket available at the time of publication for Meghan Trainor’s MSG tour date is $29 on Vivid Seats.
If you can’t make the Madison Square Garden show, or these cheap tickets sold out quickly, then you can find tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Between the four secondary sites, cheap ticket prices range between $29 and $95.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Meghan Trainor’s tour dates is available here.
Meghan Trainor began “The Timeless Tour” on Sept. 4 in Cincinnati and will wrap up on Oct. 19 in Inglewood, Calif.
This tour will mark Trainor’s first tour in seven years and will be in support of her full-length album “Timeless,” which dropped on June 14.
Coming along as openers for Meghan Trainor’s tour are Natasha Bedingfield, Paul Russell, TikTok star Chris Olsen and her brother Ryan Trainor.
If you are a Chase cardholder getting tickets to see Meghan Trainor at MSG, then you could have the opportunity to access the Chase Lounge where you can hang out up to 2 hours before watching any sports game or concert.
The lounge is newly renovated and spots fill up fast, so you have to reserve your spot on the Chase website. You must register early for this perk — up to one month in advance — for reservations that are available on a first come, first served basis.
Meghan Trainor is not the only artist performing at Madison Square Garden.
Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss out on: Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish, Maggie Rogers and Duran Duran.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices