Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Sabrina Carpenter has sparked speculation that she and boyfriend Barry Keoghan have ended their relationship. The Espresso hitmaker posted a cryptic clip to TikTok, causing fans to wonder if she and actor Barry had split up. 
Pop star Sabrina, 25, and Saltburn actor Barry, 31, have been dating since the end of 2023. The celebrity couple tend to keep their relationship out of the spotlight, but have been snapped together on a handful of occasions and Barry starred in Sabrina's music video for her hit song, Please Please Please. 
On 30 July, Sabrina shared a video to TikTok showing her pouting and smiling for the camera. The outro to Please Please Please played alongside the clip, featuring the lyrics: “If you wanna go and be stupid / Don't do it in front of me.”
“Me saying goodbye to him bc I wasn't his #1 streamed artist,” Sabrina wrote on the video. She added no caption to the post. 
It quickly racked up thousands of likes and comments, with fans questioning if she'd subtly announced her and Barry had ended their romance after just months together. 
“Ran to the Instagram on all fours to see if Barry got the boot,” one person commented, as a second asked: “Are they really not a thing anymore?” Somebody else penned: “Did they break up or not??”
Others joined in with Sabrina's joke, with one fan commenting: "oh barry. tut tut tut." Another said: "WHO ELSE WOULD HE LISTEN TO??" 
Neither Sabrina nor Barry have addressed the speculation but both of their social media accounts still feature posts including each other. 
The two celebrities are believed to have first met at Paris Fashion Week last year. Months later, they were photographed having dinner together in Los Angeles and it wasn't long until they'd been sneakily spotted on several outings by eagle-eyed fans. One of their dates included a theme park in LA and another at an art gallery. 
Sabrina and Barry appeared to soft launch their relationship at W Magazine's Grammys after-party, with a cosy snap of the pair being shared to social media. Barry then supported Sabrina when she performed in Singapore at Taylor Swift's Eras Tour show in March. Shortly after this, the pair made their red carpet debut at the Grammy Awards, publicly announcing their romance. 
Barry has continued to support Sabrina at her shows, including Coachella, and the famous pair were also snapped on the Met Gala red carpet together.