"APT." enters a second week at the summit of the ARIA Chart.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Rosé makes it two records in as many weeks in Australia, where “APT.” retains top spot on the national singles chart.

	Earlier, the New Zealand-born, Australia-raised BLACKPINK star ended Sabrina Carpenter’s reign on the ARIA Singles Chart, as “APT.” (via Atlantic/Warner), her collaboration with Bruno Mars, debuted at No. 1.

	With that feat, Rosé (born Roseanne Park) became the first solo female K-pop star to top the tally, and just the second solo artist from South Korea to climb the chart ladder after PSY’s “Gangnam Style” spent six weeks on top back in 2012.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					BLACKPINK		
					






















	
		
					Bruno Mars		
					






















	
		
					Rosé		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“APT.” enters a second week at the summit of the ARIA Chart, marking the first time that a Korean solo artist or group has spent more than a week in the top spot since “Gangnam Style.” She’s the first solo female Korean artist to do so.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Born in Auckland, and raised in Melbourne, Rosé relocated to South Korea aged 15, when the world of K-pop came calling. At her father’s suggestion, she auditioned for South Korean music company YG Entertainment. It was a shrewd move. The rest is music history.

	Comprising Rosé, Jisoo, Jennie and Lisa, BLACKPINK is a record-smashing machine – here and everywhere. In 2022, BLACKPINK set the mark for the highest-debuting single by a K-pop group in ARIA Chart History when “Pink Venom” hit No. 1, beating the No. 2 start for BTS’ 2020 hit “Dynamite.”

	BLACKPINK’s two studio albums, The Album (from 2020) and Born Pink (2022), both debuted and peaked at No. 2 on the Australian albums survey. In support of Born Pink, the pop group last year embarked on an east coast arena tour of Australia.

	A reference to the Korean drinking game aparteu, or apartment in English, “APT.” is the first single from Rosé’s debut album Rosie, which is scheduled to drop on Dec. 6.

	The cut bowed at No. 1 on both the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts, and opened at No. 4 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, establishing a new record in the process.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.