Ms. Lauryn Hill and The Fugees will begin their joint tour on Aug. 9 in Tampa, Fla.Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP
Ms. Lauryn Hill and The Fugees are reuniting and hitting the road once again.
The iconic R&B singer extended “The Miseducation Anniversary Tour” with new shows coheadling with The Fugees that start on Aug. 9 in Tampa, Fla. and wrap up in the U.S. on Sept. 21 in Holmdel, N.J. at PNC Bank Arts Center.
Those who have a Citibank card can see any concert they get tickets for in an exclusive viewing area at PNC Bank Arts Center. This area is the Citi Cardmember Pavilion Deck that has standing and bar-top tables with barstool seating elevated above the main seating bowl.
There will also be a tour stop in Wantagh, N.Y. on Sept. 20 at the Northwell at Jones Beach Theater.
This 2024 leg is an extension of the 2023 tour, which is in honor of her album that Apple Music just named the best album of all time.
The tour will feature music from “The Miseducation of Ms. Lauryn Hill” and The Fugees’ Grammy-winning album “The Score.”
YG Marley will join as a special guest for all tour dates.
If you want to get tickets to see Ms. Lauryn Hill and the  live, here is how you can get tickets.
Ms. Lauryn Hill’s “The Miseducation Anniversary Tour” will have several presales leading up to the general sale.
There will be a Citi Cardmember presale beginning on June 25 at 10 a.m., and it will wrap up on June 27 at 11:59 p.m. Fans can find information about the presale here.
The other presales will begin on June 26 at 10 a.m. and end on June 27 at 11:59 p.m. through Ticketmaster.
You can also purchase tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Ms. Lauryn Hill’s show dates is available here.
Ms. Lauryn Hill is not the only artist heading out on a massive tour.
Here are a few more tours you do not want to miss: Nicki Minaj, Sabrina Carpenter, Noah Kahan and Childish Gambino.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices