Manage your account
"Hearst Magazines and Yahoo may earn commission or revenue on some items through these links."
Ever wonder how Taylor Swift gets those cool filtered photos? The answer is a high-end digital camera. Swift just wrapped the Eras tour leg in Sydney, Australia and was spotted being a tourist for a day. The “Cruel Summer” singer visited the Australian zoo not once but twice in a row to bring her boyfriend Travis Kelce. There, Swift was seen in a light wash jean skirt, baggy white t-shirt, and white sneakers, taking several photos of the animals. We’d do the same thing if we were in the same proximity as koalas and kangaroos.
Shop Now
OM System OLYMPUS OM-D E-M1 16MP Mirrorless Digital Camera (Body Only)
amazon.com
$1049.95
Swift has been known to take seemingly vintage digital photos with friends that fans are dying to know the secret to (just check out her birthday photos from last December). Turns out, the superstar snagged pics with the lightweight OM System OLYMPUS OM-D E-M1 16MP Mirrorless Digital Camera. In layman's terms, it’s a solid-quality camera that may be worth the $548 price tag for some powerful photographs. Swift owns the color silver with a black trim, which you can buy used on Amazon—note that this does not include the lens, just the body.The brand also offers a new solid black camera for approximately double the cost ($1,049). Because there are only a few left in stock on Amazon, you can turn to eBay for an all-black body (again, without the lens). You can purchase the Micro Four Thirds lens separately in either silver or black for $299. For the pros out there, it has a max shutter speed of 30 seconds, offers 81 areas in contrast detection, and is advertised to have an “interactive high-definition EVF '' including a 2.36 million dot resolution.
Amazon users claim that the technology “takes great fast action nature shots,” is the perfect size for travel, and contains “more features than you will ever use unless you’re a pro.” Swifties did some digging on how loyal the superstar has truly been to this camera, and it turns out she’s been counting on the vintage piece since 2015. According to this super sleuth TikTok, the “Red” singer has captured pics with stars like Kelsea Ballerini, Sabrina Carpenter, and her longtime friend and songwriting partner, Jack Antonoff. All we ask is that if Swift took some adorable Koala pictures, she shares them on her social media—you know, for the people!
You Might Also Like
Nicole Richie’s Surprising Adoption Story
The Story of Gypsy Rose Blanchard and Her Mother
Queen Camilla's Life in Photos