By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  13:16, 25 January 2024   |  Updated:  14:34, 25 January 2024   
 47
View  comments
Barry Keoghan has laughed off trolls after they mocked his average height of 5ft8in.
The Irish actor, 31, has been the subject of a viral meme that shows him being dwarfed by his Masters Of The Air co-stars Callum Turner, 33, (6ft 2in) and Austin Butler, 32, (6ft).
The image went viral after it was shared with the caption: 'so happy for them, wishing austin and callum the best with their new son (sic)'
Taking it in his stride, Barry shared the Tweet on social media and penned: 'HAHAHAHAHAHA'. 
His fans loved to see it as they flooded the original tweet congratulating the account on his celebrity social media mention. 
Barry Keoghan responded after he was trolled over his 5ft8 height in viral snap with Masters Of The Air co-stars Callum Turner, 33, (6ft 2in) and Austin Butler, 32, (6ft)
Taking it in his stride, Barry shared the Tweet on social media and penned: 'HAHAHAHAHAHA'. proving he wasn't offended by the jibes about his smaller stature  
They shared: 'Saw this on Barry's Instagram, so cute'; 'BARRY REPOSTED THIS ON HIS INSTAGRAM'; 'Congratulations!!!'; 'BARRY POSTED THIS ON HIS INSTAGRAM STORY AHHHH.'
 John Shiban and John Orloff's critically-acclaimed, nine-episode WWII miniseries, Masters Of The Air's two-episode premiere will air Friday on Apple TV+.
The $300M-budget limited series - based on Donald L. Miller’s 2007 book - was executive produced by Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg.
Barry has risen to colossal acclaim, starring as Oliver Quick in the psychological thriller Saltburn alongside Jacob's troubled teen character Felix Catton.
Barry caused quite the stir over his role after he left fans reeling over the eyebrow-raising bathtub scene.
He has captured the hearts of many as his devilish and seductive role became marmite to the nation.
And while the star may be adored globally by many, Barry is already taken as he was recently seen on a date with his new girlfriend, singer Sabrina Carpenter, 24.
The two were spotted earlier this month at an art gallery.
His new romance came soon after he split from his long-term girlfriend Alyson Kierans, with whom he shares a 15-month-old son, Brando.
He is now believed to have moved on with Sabrina, 24, who bears an uncanny resemblance to his former flame.
Barry shared the tweet to this social media and laughed at the joke and his 1.9million followers loved to see it as they returned to the original tweet to congratulate the user 
In an interview with GQ magazine, Barry was asked about reports the couple had gone their separate ways.
He said: 'She's [Alyson] done a great job, and she's an incredible mother.' The publication noted he offered no further information on the split.
The star discussed fatherhood in the interview, saying he feels an 'enormous amount of pressure' to be a good dad.
He added: 'I can't get the little boy off my mind. It's beautiful. Y'know, it's crazy, but when he looks at you, you feel like the most important person in the world.
'That's the effect he has on me. He smiles at you and you're like, "Wow, you're smiling at me like that? I don't deserve that, but anyways, thanks."'
At the time reports of the split first emerged, it was said the pair were 'determined to do the best for their son' after they decided to break up following rows about late-night partying.
The critically-acclaimed, nine-episode WWII miniseries, Masters Of The Air's two-episode premiere will air Friday on Apple TV+ (Barry, left, with Austin) 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group