Kim Kardashian rocked a figure-hugging nude dress as she rang in her 44th birthday in signature sexy style Oct. 21.
You're doing amazing, sweetie.
Kim Kardashian celebrated her 44th birthday in style, stepping into a translucent, skintight dress that showed off her famous curves to ring in another year.
The flesh-toned ensemble featured a plunging bodysuit over a sheer skirt that she paired with a sparkling diamond cross necklace. The SKIMS founder wore her hair down in loose, wet waves to complete the look.
Kim flaunted the sexy dress on her Instagram Story Oct. 21, posting a video of herself taken in the mirror as she zoomed in on the eye-catching look. She cheekily captioned the video "birthday suit."
In the background of the video, the Kardashians star played Sabrina Carpenter's viral hit, "Bed Chem." Quite fittingly, too, as the clip of the song included the lyrics, "I was in a sheer dress the day that we met."
Another photo posted to her Instagram Story gave her followers a closer look at the top of her birthday ensemble, which she wore to a seated outdoor dinner.
Kim's longtime stylist, Danielle Levi, posted another view of her client's sexy birthday look on her own Instagram Story while seated next to her at the intimate dinner as a waiter presenter her with a lit birthday cake. 
While the top of the cake wasn't visible in her photo, Kim provided a peek at her sleek birthday cake, which featured a minimalist version of the October 2024 calendar with her birthday, the 21st, circled in white icing.
Kim's "birthday suit" wasn't the only head-turning outfit she wore over the weekend, though.
The KKW Beauty mogul stepped out for the 2024 Academy Museum of Motion Pictures' Museum Gala in Los Angeles one day prior on Oct. 20 alongside her sisters, Kendall Jenner and Kylie Jenner, wearing a vintage white corset bodysuit and matching hooded robe coat from Thierry Mugler’s spring 1998 couture collection.
Kylie donned a revealing look from the same collection, opting for a figure-hugging gown with sheer bodice covered in translucent sequins and a black bottom featuring cutouts over her hips. 
Meanwhile, Kendall rocked a black off-the-runway Schiaparelli gown with intricate cutouts on top.
Kim's latest two looks are a continuation of her incredible style transformation over the years. Keep reading to see more of her evolution.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.