By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:48, 15 October 2024   |  Updated:  12:52, 15 October 2024   
 32
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter fans have been left outraged after paying $200 for seats that 'didn't exist.' 
Taking to TikTok on Monday, one user - named Kelsey - revealed she had attended the singer's Short n' Sweet tour date at the United Center Arena in Chicago on Sunday only to release there were no seats in her section. 
Venue staff were forced to come up with a last minute fix and rushed out portable chairs so the group could sit down. 
To make matters worse, once seated they were unable to see the stage because their seats were so far round the side of the arena. 
Sharing a video of her seat and the stage view, she penned: 'When Ticketmaster sells you seats that don't even exist so they bring you folding chairs??? Sabrina girl plz help.' 
Sabrina Carpenter fans have been left furious after shelling out $200 for seats that 'didn't exist' on her Short n' Sweet tour (pictured September 30) 
One TikTok user - named Kelsey - revealed she had attended the singer's Short n' Sweet tour date at the United Center Arena in Chicago on Sunday only to release there were no seats 
She added in the caption: '@Sabrina Carpenter please please please we paid $200 what on earth im so sad [sic].' 
As one user commented: They shouldn’t even be able to sell these types of tickets, that’s bogus', Kelsey responded: 'Want to hear something even crazier? We bought them in the presale.'
Another shared: 'I’m confused doesn’t it show you where your seats are? This fear is why I try to just do pit if I can', to which she replied: 'The chart didn't show us this. Also we bought numbered seats. They had to bring us folding chairs therefore our seats weren't even real to begin with.'
MailOnline has contacted Ticketmaster and United Center Arena for comment. 
Sabrina kicked off her Short N' Sweet Tour last month, which is named after her new studio album released in August.
Despite delighting concertgoers she recently fired back at a social media troll who accused her of lip-syncing during her live concerts. 
Shortly after the tour began, a TikTok user posted a fan video of one of her performances and asked: 'Does she ever sing live.'
Another account reposted the clip and responded to the question: 'Hate to say it but 30% lip singing 30% backing track 40% singing.'
As well as having no chairs, once seated they were unable to see the stage because their seats were so far round the side of the arena (pictured: United Center Arena) 
The devastated fan was consoled by others who hit out at the ticket selling agency 
The blistering accusation managed to catch Sabrina's attention, and she leapt into the comments section to issue her reply.
Sabrina defiantly wrote under the TikTok video: 'I sing live every show 100% would you like to speak to my audio engineers.'
However, the social media user remained unconvinced, replying to Sabrina: 'I would and tell them to lower the backtrack voice as its way too high.' 
Her Short 'N Sweet album has hit the headlines for its song Taste, an acid-tongued song that is rumoured to be aimed at Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.
Although she does not name any particular man in the lyrics for Taste, she tells a juicy story about an ex who has gotten back together with a previous flame.
Sabrina was briefly linked to Shawn in 2023, during one of the gaps in his long-running on-off relationship with Camila.
Shawn and Camila publicly got back together not long after his dating rumors with Sabrina, but have since broken up yet again.
Sabrina's Taste lyrics are addressed to the woman his ex has reignited his old romance with, and her message to her love rival is scathing.
Sabrina kicked off her Short N' Sweet Tour last month, which is named after her new studio album released in August (pictured September 29) 
'I heard you're back together and if that's true, you'll just have to taste me when he's kissin' you,' she taunts the other woman in the chorus.
Sabrina also reveals that she raided her ex's wardrobe before she broke up, so that half his clothes are gone and now 'My body's where they're at.'
She witheringly sounds off the on-again girlfriend: 'Now I'm gone, but you're still layin' next to me, one degree of separation.' 
Sabrina even gives herself credit for her old beau's sense of humour, noting: 'Hе's funny, now all his jokes hit different. Guеss who he learned that from?'Taste came on the heels of rumours that Sabrina has dumped her latest boyfriend, Saltburn hunk Barry Keoghan, over his 'party animal' lifestyle.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group