This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Sabrina Carpenter surprised fans on Thursday at the premiere of her Netflix Christmas special as rumors that Barry Keoghan cheated on the pop star swirl.
Carpenter appeared in good spirits while promoting "A Nonsense Christmas," despite chatter online that her relationship with Keoghan ended due to infidelity on the Oscar-nominated actor's part.
Influencer Breckie Hill, who boasts 4.3 million followers on TikTok, fueled the infidelity rumors by reposting a video on the platform.
The video featured a post from gossip account DeuxMoi, which read: "On the closing night of her biggest tour to date in LA, he was busy getting very cozy at San Vincente Bungalows with a blonde, semi-famous LA based influencer (who’s particularly big on tiktok).
SABRINA CARPENTER BLASTS CRITICS OF HER SKIMPY TOUR OUTFITS: ‘DON'T COME TO THE SHOW'
Sabrina Carpenter surprised fans at the premiere of her Netflix Christmas special as the pop star has been plagued with rumors that ex-boyfriend Barry Keoghan cheated. (Aeon/GC Images)
Sabrina Carpenter's Christmas special premieres Friday on Netflix. (XNY/Star Max/GC Images)
"I snooped around a bit out of curiosity and apparently he and his pop star girlfriend called it quits very suddenly less than a week before her final shows in LA after she found out he had been chatting with said influencer behind her back for months in a not-innocent-at-all way."
Fox News Digital reached out to representatives for both Carpenter and Keoghan for comment.
An insider confirmed the two are taking a break after first sparking romance rumors in December 2023.
"They are both young and career-focused, so they've decided to take a break," the source told People magazine.
Keoghan's acting career began to take off after landing a role in "Dunkirk." Since then, the Irish actor has starred in "Batman," "Eternals" and the viral film "Saltburn."
Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter pose at the Met Gala. (Getty Images)
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Carpenter has seen massive success with her latest album, "Short N' Sweet." The sixth studio album for the "Girl Meets World" star was released Aug. 23.
The actress-turned-musician became the first female artist to chart three songs in the top 10 of the Billboard 100 for five consecutive weeks.
"Espresso," "Please Please Please" and "Taste" have been trending since their release.
Sabrina Carpenter released her sixth studio album "Short N' Sweet" in August. (Christopher Polk/Rolling Stone via Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Sabrina Carpenter performs onstage during the Sabrina Carpenter Short N’ Sweet Tour at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York, on Sept. 30. (Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for AEG)
Her "Short N' Sweet" tour kicked off in Columbus, Ohio, on Sept. 23. Carpenter completed the U.S. leg in November with three nights in Los Angeles.
She is currently on a winter break while she prepares for the international leg of the tour. Carpenter will take the stage beginning March 3 in Ireland through April 4 in Stockholm.
Sabrina Carpenter is set to begin the international leg of her tour in March. (Christopher Polk/Rolling Stone via Getty Images)
The rising pop star has embraced criticism over the selection of lingerie outfits she wears on tour.
"…you'll still get the occasional mother that has a strong opinion on how you should be dressing," the "Taste" singer told Time magazine. "And to that I just say, 'Don't come to the show,' and that’s OK."
"It's unfortunate that it's ever been something to criticize, because truthfully, the scariest thing in the world is getting up on a stage in front of that many people and having to perform as if it's nothing," she added. "If the one thing that helps you do that is the way you feel comfortable dressing, then that's what you’ve got to do."
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.