By JANE HERZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:02, 25 September 2024   |  Updated:  19:56, 25 September 2024   
 11
View  comments
Have you ever toyed with the idea of getting bangs, but are too nervous to take the plunge? 
Bangs can be quite scary, and if they turn out to be cut unevenly or crooked, they can ruin your face - but luckily, chic French hairstylists actually have a math equation that can help you figure out whether or not a fringe is right for you.
And, perhaps by no coincidence, some of the most famous French women over the years also have perfect bangs, including the likes of Hermès icon Jane Birkin, actress Brigitte Bardot, and model Caroline De Maigret, among many others. 
According to Vogue, the equation will tell you which face shape works best for bangs, and all it takes is three simple steps. 
The first thing that you will want to do, the outlet explained, is to measure the height of your forehead by using your fingers.
Perhaps by no coincidence, some of the most famous French women over the years also have perfect bangs, including the likes of Hermès icon Jane Birkin (left), and actress Brigitte Bardot (right)
French model Caroline De Maigret also sports a chic fringe, which covers part of her eyebrows
If your forehead fits three fingers, you would record it as '1,' if they are four fingers high you record a '2,' and for five fingers, you record a '3.'
Next up, according to the outlet, you'll figure out which part of your face is the widest. If it's your chin, you write down '1,' if it's your cheeks you pen down a '2,' and for your chin, a '3.'
Finally, you will figure out if the distance between your eyebrows is larger or smaller compared to the width of one of your eyes. 
If it happens to be smaller, you write down '2,' and if it is larger, write down '1.'
So, when all is said and done, you should have a three-digit number in your hands, which will be the key for you to figure out whether you should bite the bullet on those bangs or not.
Per Vogue, numbers '111, 121, 221, or 231' mean that bangs may not be suited for you.
Those who have '131, 112, 122, 132, 232, 311, 331, or 332' could consider a curtain bang, a type of fringe that frames the face on either side. 
And, for those lucky enough to have the numbers '222, 321, 312, 212, or 322,' you are perfectly suited for a regular, Jane Birkin-style bang.
French hairstylists actually have a math equation that can help you figure out whether or not a fringe is right for you, as it was for Jane Birkin
Bangs have been super popular in recent years, especially as stars like Taylor Swift sport them as her signature look
Vogue explained first thing that you will want to do to figure out if you can have bangs like singer Sabrina Carpenter, is to measure the height of your forehead by using your fingers
But Vogue aren't the only ones who have broken down this method.  
In a video posted to TikTok in 2022, beauty influencer Juju Benne shared a similar  trick, and used examples of celebrities to highlight the forehead widths.
However, hers differed in the sense that she measured the cheekbones along with the upper lip and forehead for step two. 
So, if your forehead is the widest, you would write down '1,' whereas if it's the upper lip, you would write '3.'
As a result, her equation results for getting bangs were a bit different, as she revealed if you have the numbers '111, 121, 221 and 231,' you should not get bangs.
If you have numbers '131, 112, 122, 132, 232, 311, 331 or 332,' you could consider bangs.
Finally, for those with '212, 222, 321, 312, and 322,' Benne joked that you should 'go get bangs and change your life.'
In the comments section of her video, many users admitted that they tried doing the equation on themselves, and shared their results with others.
In a video posted to TikTok in 2022, beauty influencer Juju Benne shared a similar trick, and used examples of celebrities to highlight the forehead widths
In the comments section of her video, many users admitted that they tried doing the equation on themselves, and shared their results with others
'NOOOOOO 221 I WANTED BANGS SO BAD,' one person typed.
Another agreed, 'As a 121 she is right worse decision.'
'Noo I wanted bangs but I'm a 221,' someone else typed.
However, others disagreed with the equation, revealing that they had numbers that told them they shouldn't have gotten bangs but did anyway - and think it suits their face shape just fine.
'I got 231 but I look great with bangs,' one TikTok user admitted.
Another seconded, '221 and bangs fixed me personally!! You don't have to listen bc you should do what makes you feel beautiful.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group