One! To! Watch!
Things I'm obsessed with in August 2024: Brat summer, trying to find a friend with a pool, attempting to bribe someone into giving me their Sabrina Carpenter tour tickets, and watching The Bachelorette on Mondays. 
Much like cheese, Jenn Tran's season is completely addictive, and we already have our eye on several contestants as either (a) clear winner material, or (b) clear future Bachelor material. Which brings us to 31-year-old Marcus Shoberg. Here's everything you need to know about Marcus—and, if you scroll past the gif, a buncha spoilers on exactly how far he makes it.
Marcus is an Army Ranger Veteran and Harvard student (casual). "I enlisted and left for training two weeks after I graduated from high school," Marcus said in his Bachelorette intro. "I did six appointments and I'm like super proud to have been an Army Ranger, but the last mission I ever went on I almost didn't come back from."
"Me and my team were called on to go clear through this compound, and in that exchange a grenade came and everything goes black. And I woke up in a hospital in Washington, D.C. and that was like day one of the next two months of my life," he continued. "But when you can genuinely appreciate that you woke up in the morning and you have breath in your lungs, that's a beautiful thing, and I'd never have been able to appreciate those types of things without that experience."
Marcus—who's from Raleigh, North Carolina—says it's been 5 years since he's dated but he's ready to "open himself back up to being in a relationship and the possibility of love."
According to ABC's bio writer (prayers up), he's looking for a "kind, honest, humble woman" and "wants to start a life with someone who shares his core values." He's also very much "ready to settle down and start a family with his perfect match."
That'd be rock climbing with friends, grilling on a Saturday night, and binge watching New Girl. He also wants to be an astronaut one day and his favorite flower is the edelweiss because it’s a symbol of dedication." I'm...in love?
'Kay, so now that we've established that Marcus is a catch and will almost definitely be The Bachelor if he doesn't win this thing, let's get to exactly how far he makes it. Spoilers after the gif!
Buuuut he doesn't win. According to long-time Bachelor and Bachelorette spoiler source Reality Steve, Jenn's finale was filmed on May 16 in Hawaii and Marcus was her runner up. Her winner, you ask? Devin Strader, who she's currently engaged to.
On a positive note: unless there's some major drama we're unaware of, the chances of Marcus being named Bachelor after being broken up with by Jenn seem sky-high. Excited to see what unfolds!
Bach Nation's Rachel and Blake Enjoy a Safari
Attn: Tayshia and Luke Reportedly Broke Up
Meet Golden Bachelor Mel Owens
Clayton Echard Claps Back at Ex Gabby Windey
Rachel Lindsay Gives Rare Insight Into Her Divorce
Juliana Calls Out Litia for “Mean Girl” Behavior
Grant Ellis on Being a ‘Bachelor’ Lead of Color
Grant Shuts Down Speculation About His Sister
Grant Ellis Responds to Litia’s Bombshell Claims
Some Goldens Are Joining ‘Bachelor in Paradise’
Your Official Szn 29 ‘Bachelor’ Contestant Tracker
Time to Binge Watch ‘The Bachelor’ Season 29
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.