The Sabrina Carpenter “Short n’ Sweet” North American tour concludes on Monday, following a show at the Kia Forum. Get tickets to see the pop star live in Phoenix, Los Angeles, and Inglewood.
Reserve on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, StubHub, and Ticketmaster.
Sabrina Carpenter performs during the Governors Ball Music Festival on Saturday, June 8, 2024, at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the Queens borough of New York.Andy Kropa/Invision/AP
There are only four dates left on Sabrina Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” North American tour route. The “Espresso,” “Please Please Please,” and “Taste” singer is set to play the Footprint Center in Phoenix this Wednesday, November 13, followed by the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on Friday, November 15, and two consecutive nights at the Kia Forum in Inglewood on November 17 and 18. 
Get tickets to see her before the tour takes a hiatus, picking back up in March 2025 when the star heads to 3Arena in Dublin. For a limited-time, those who shop tickets on SeatGeek are able to save $10 on any purchase of $250 or more with code VETERANS10 — available through November 12.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub | Ticketmaster
Wed, Nov 13 — Footprint Center; Phoenix, AZ
Fri, Nov 15 — Crypto.com Arena; Los Angeles, CA
Sun, Nov 17 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, California
Mon, Nov 18 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, California
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices