"It makes me want to tour the world again, which is a good feeling," the pop star said of joining Swift out on the road 
Don Arnold/TAS24/Getty 
 Like Swifties across the globe, Sabrina Carpenter is in complete awe of the Eras Tour.

 In a recent interview with Cosmopolitan, the pop star, 24, opened up about opening for Taylor Swift's career-spanning concert at stadiums around the world. The "Nonsense" singer compared the Eras Tour's top-notch performances and spectacle to feeling "like a Broadway show," and shared how "lucky" she feels to get to watch the pop superstar, 34, up on stage.

 "It almost feels like a Broadway show because everything is so synchronized but at the same time feels so in the moment," Carpenter told the magazine of Swift's acclaimed live show.

 "That’s an art," the "Feather" singer added. "It’s really hard to teach. It’s really hard to learn."

Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management
 The pop artist explained that watching the Grammy winner — whom she supported in Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, Japan, Australia and Singapore — every night left her feeling motivated. "I feel so lucky that I get to watch Taylor perform every time," she shared. "It makes me want to tour the world again, which is a good feeling."

 The Emails I Can't Send artist explained, "After a show, I think a lot about what I want to do differently the next time and what I want to do with my own show in two years."

 Carpenter also noted that she enjoyed visiting places that she hadn't previously been to on the tour. While the singer/actress admitted that traveling so much in the past few months has taught her that she has to work on "getting everything to quiet down," she said that the opportunity has also left her inspired.

 "I’m grateful for my inability to turn my brain off at times because that’s when I come up with ideas," the singer-songwriter said. "I feel creative. I feel excited."

John Shearer/Getty Images
 Carpenter told Cosmopolitan that the Eras Tour was a learning experience not just because she got "to watch one of the greatest performers ever night," but because she felt as though she could use the opportunity to grow as a performer herself.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Brendan Wixted for Cosmopolitan
 "My favorite thing to do has always been to watch people who look so comfortable in their bodies onstage, like Madonna and Britney [Spears] and Prince," Carpenter shared. "Sometimes when you don’t have a mirror in front of you and you can’t actually see how you look, a lot of the learning comes from watching a video back and thinking, 'Oh, I thought I was giving more than I was actually giving.'"

 For the former Disney Channel star, that mean learning "to be larger than life in some capacity," given how small her 5-foot frame felt on the stage.

Marcelo Endelli/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management
 After first joining Swift in late 2023 for several shows in Mexico City, and then playing her first two legs of 2024 international dates, Carpenter recently wrapped her stint as the opening act on the Eras Tour.

 Shortly after the "Because I Liked a Boy" singer and the hitmaker finished their final dates together in Singapore, Carpenter posted to Instagram to share a thoughtful farewell post to the tour.

 "That’s a wrap for us on the eras tour :’)" she began the caption of a post featuring photos of her and Swift on the road together.

 "Sitting at home reflecting on what a whirlwind this was and how very honored I feel to have been part of it," she continued. "I want to thank every crowd for being so welcoming and generous to us and making some of the most impressive friendship bracelets I’ve ever received."

 After shouting out the "hardworking" crew, Carpenter wrote, "And the most thank you’s I’ve ever thank you’d to Taylor."

 "I feel so lucky to witness the magic that is you and this tour," the musician added. "There is truly no one like you and there never will be! I love you with all my heart and I will cherish this taybrina era (and all the eras) till the end of time 💞💞💞."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)