Isn’t that sweet? I guess so.
 Sabrina Carpenter switched up her persona like Nintendo, but her former Girl Meets World costars still remember her Disney Channel era.

 August Maturo, who played Auggie Matthews on the 2010s follow-up to Boy Meets World, posted a video on TikTok of himself and his former castmate Ava Kolker mouthing the words to Carpenter’s hit “Espresso.” The second part of the video is a rapid slideshow of Maturo and Kolker, who played Auggie’s girlfriend Ava Morgenstern on Girl Meets World, on the set of the series with Carpenter.

Taylor Hill/FilmMagic; Tony RivettiG/DISNEY CHANNEL via Getty
 The lip-syncing section of the video is captioned “How you guys know Sabrina,” while the slideshow is labeled “How we know Sabrina.”

 Girl Meets World ran from 2014 to 2017 on Disney Channel. The show centered on Riley Matthews (Rowan Blanchard), the daughter of Cory (Ben Savage) and Topanga Matthews (Danielle Fishel), the lead couple from the original Boy Meets World. Carpenter played Riley’s best friend Maya Hart on all 72 episodes of the show, which is currently streaming on Disney+.

Ron Tom/Disney Channel via Getty
 Carpenter reflected on her experience on the show in 2020. “It’s funny because, in the moment, that was my world and that was my everything, and I was so proud to be a part of it and everything that it stood for,” she told Teen Vogue. “I definitely would have done some things different had I been doing it now. But I think the beauty of the show was that we really were at the age that we were playing and we were coming into ourselves as we were playing characters that were coming into themselves.”

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Carpenter’s chart-smashing success with “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” has somewhat overshadowed her acting career, which was nearly as robust as her musical ventures prior to her string of hit songs this year. Before Girl Meets World, Carpenter started her showbusiness career on other DIsney Channel shows, playing supporting roles in episodes of massive shows like Phineas and Ferb, Austin and Ally, and Sofia the First. During her GMW tenure, she also played the lead in the Disney Channel remake of Adventures in Babysitting and voiced the foremost female character on Milo Murphy's Law.

Ava Kolker/Instagram
 After Girl Meets World, Carpenter led the Mean Girls musical on Broadway in 2020, played the lead role in Netflix’s dance comedy Work It, and portrayed a key supporting character in the Disney+ music drama Clouds. She also appeared as a racist classmate of Amandla Stenberg’s protagonist in The Hate U Give and portrayed the older sister of Ava Michelle’s titular giant in both of Netflix’s Tall Girl movies. 

 Carpenter’s sixth studio album Short n' Sweet, which features singles “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” releases Aug. 23.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)