You can secure the Wavytalk that is used on Sabrina Carpenter's hair for under $50.Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for AEG
“Please Please Please” get your hands on the hair tool that gives Sabrina Carpenter her iconic curls!
Every night of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Short N’ Sweet” tour, fans have been left in awe of her golden blonde and bombshell blowouts, especially after seeing her grace the “Eras Tour” stage alongside Taylor Swift in New Orleans.
After much speculation as to what Carpenter uses on her hair, we finally got an answer, and fans should be excited.
Hair stylist Scott King has revealed that the tool he uses to achieve Sabrina Carpenter’s iconic curls is the Wavytalk’s 5-in-1 Curling Wand Set, which you can buy on sale on Amazon today.
The Wavytalk 5 in 1 Curling Iron is currently $41 (when you clip the $5 off coupon), instead of $63 on Amazon.
When you score this on sale, it means you can get curls and waves of all different kinds, to achieve just about any of Sabrina Carpenter’s hair looks.
The Wavytalk set comes with:
Scott King didn’t stop there, he also clued Sabrina’s fans in on exactly what barrels he uses on Sabrina’s hair.
“For show days, I use the one-inch curling iron attachment and set her hair in one-inch sections towards her face, all in one direction, to give the hair a more uniform, vintage-inspired look,” King told NewBeauty. “For day-to-day looks, we usually use a bigger barrel like the 1.25″ curling iron attachment and set the hair in bigger sections for a voluminous blowout look that is not quite as tight.”
He also revealed the secret to getting the curls just right: you let each piece of hair sit and set for a while, so it all cools into place.
Don’t wait on getting this viral Wavytalk brush, because fans are bound to sell it out fast!
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices