The Christmas period can be quite intense for shoppers, with Black Friday deals and seasonal offers from high street retailers making it hard to know when you're truly bagging a bargain. Luckily, we've discovered a beauty offer that will save you over £200 on premium makeup and skincare products.
Debenhams may no longer have physical stores, but their website is still bustling with products and currently has up to 70% off in a Black Friday Preview sale. One particular deal that caught our eye is their money-saving beauty box.
The Debenhams Christmas Beauty Selection Box Edit 2024, worth £251, is priced at just £50 and includes 19 full-sized and mini products. This collection spans various categories including makeup, skincare, fragrance and hair products, from a range of luxury brands like Lancome, Kiehl's, Murad, Benefit, Urban Decay, Clarins and more, reports the Manchester Evening News.
READ MORE: Boots reduces £66 designer perfume to £24 that's both 'classy and long-lasting'
READ MORE: How to get Jo Malone fragrances for £18 each in deal in time for Christmas
With 19 products for £50, each item costs roughly £2.63, which is excellent value considering one of the products inside is almost as valuable as the entire box, so you might consider the remaining 18 products 'free'. One of the highest value items in the selection is the Murad AHA/BHA Exfoliating Cleanser 200ml, which retails for £46 at LookFantastic.
This 'gentle but efficient' exfoliator works in two ways by dissolving dead skin cells and renewing the skin's texture. The formula, which boasts a blend of salicylic, lactic and glycolic acids, aims to enhance skin clarity and brightness by dissolving the build-up of skin cells. Jojoba beads are also included to further polish and re-texturise the skin.
It’s racked up dozens of glowing reviews on the LookFantastic website, with one shopper commenting: “Leaves skin feeling so smooth and fresh. No real scent to it and is very gentle on the skin.”
One user said: "Leaves skin feeling so smooth and fresh. No real scent to it and is very gentle on the skin."
Another shared their experience: "I had a small version of this in one of the Look Fantastic edits, and have repurchased since. It's a huge 200ml bottle and lasts for ages, it's exfoliating but gentle enough go use daily. I really like this cleanser."
A different review mentioned that although it's 'a very good and effective cleanser', they deducted a star because it can be 'a bit drying'. Meanwhile, another customer said: "This is the first Murad product I have tried and it has converted me towards this brand. It's a great product as a cleanser that also exfoliates. It is kind on skin and doesn't dry mine out too much. Highly recommended."
Lancôme Genifique Serum Mini 7ml
Jurlique Moisturising Day Cream 15ml
Murad AHA/BHA Exfoliating Cleanser 200ml
Decree SOS Revitalising Eye Mask x 1
IT Cosmetics Confidence in a Cream 7ml
Kiehl’s Midnight Recovery Cleansing Oil 40ml
Viktor & Rolf Flowerbomb Eau de Parfum 7ml
Laboratory Perfumes Gorse 5ml
Clarins Eau Extraordinaire Treatment Fragrance 30ml
Ghost Deep Night Eau de Toilette 10ml
Sabrina Carpenter Sweet Tooth 10ml
Benefit Fan Fest Mascara – Mini
NUDESTIX Nudies Poppy Girl Blush – Mini
Urban Decay All Nighter Setting Spray 15ml
ICONIC London Date Night Bronzer 5g
Nails Inc. West End Nail Polish 14ml
Philip Kingsley Elasticizer 40ml
Percy & Reed Turn Up the Volume Volumising No-Oil Oil 60ml
Beauty Works Texturising Spray 100ml
Elsewhere, LookFantastic has released a discounted edit featuring some of the industry's most coveted brands, according to The Mirror. The beauty box includes six high-end beauty picks from brands like Medik8 and NARS, making it ideal for beauty fans.
The Premium Beauty Edit 2024 is priced at £65 and contains luxury makeup and skincare products worth £225, with five of the products being full-size. Shoppers are essentially getting beauty essentials worth £160 for free.
Another box worth considering is Face the Future's Let It Glow Edit. Priced at £99, it contains £612-worth of makeup, skincare and haircare products from brands such as Augustinus Bader, Medik8 and Sigma Beauty.
Alternatively, you can pick up the Debenhams Christmas Beauty Selection Box Edit 2024 for £50.
Be is your home for all things lifestyle - from health and beauty, to work life and parenting, careers and cooking to fashion and features, and everything in between.
So to make sure you don't miss out on the things that matter to you, we've created a brand-new newsletter pulling the best of Be's content together twice a week.
To sign up, simply enter your email address here and we'll do the rest.
For all the latest news, visit the Belfast Live homepage here and sign up to our Be lifestyle newsletter for all the latest showbiz, fashion, beauty, family features and more.