Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing star Sam Quek shared on It Takes Two that she experienced a 'tumble' during her debut dance. The hit BBC show returned with glitz and glamour last weekend, featuring celebs and pro dancers vying for the coveted Glitterball trophy.
Tormer England hockey player, aged 35, took to the dance floor alongside her dance partner Nikita Kuzmin, 26, and performed a charming foxtrot to Diana Ross's 'Where Did Our Love Go'. Despite a slip-up, Sam managed to keep it under wraps so well that even Nikita confessed he was none the wiser.
Chatting with Fleur East, Sam revealed, "I've never had an experience like it. The nerves in the run up, like I think I was physically shaking during the dance, to then finish it come out unscathed. Although, I took a little bit of a tumble into the stairs."
A surprised Nikita inquired, "Did you? I didn't even realise." Sam detailed: "I did just before I finished my solo. I smashed my foot and that's why Craig said I lost balance.", reports the Mirror.
However, the ever-encouraging Nikita comforted her saying, "It's okay, it's alright." Judge Craig Revel Horwood, however, didn't miss the mishap, remarking on the live show, "You lost a bit of balance as you're fully aware darling, and you're not completely using your feet. A little lumpy."
 Meanwhile, fellow contestant Tasha Ghouri gushed about her plans to tie the knot with boyfriend Andrew Le Page after he was spotted showing his support in the audience during her first live show. 
The former Love Island star, who made history as the show's first deaf contestant, wowed judges Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse, Shirley Ballas, and Anton Du Beke with her cha cha routine to Sabrina Carpenter's hit song Espresso, scoring 30 points alongside pro partner Aljaz Skorjanec. 
Tasha praised Andrew's unwavering support, saying: "He's just so supportive in everything I do and he knows how much this really means to me. That's my future husband right there. He's so amazing and I love him to pieces."
Strictly Come Dancing continues on BBC One and iPlayer