Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Tasha Ghouri had her first live performance of the Strictly Come Dancing season last week, and has now revealed which of the BBC show's judging panel had her most nervous. Anton Du Beke, Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse all sit on the all-important panel, with Craig having a reputation for being the show's pantomime villain.
 However, when OK! questioned which judge Tasha finds the scariest in an exclusive interview, the former Love Island star admitted it was Shirley who takes the cake. She said: "Hmm… Shirley?! When she’s watching the dances you feel she’s got laser beams on your feet your posture..." While her professional partner, Aljaz Skorjanec, chimed in: "Oh, how I’ve missed those judges…"
While she may be feeling the pressure, Tasha definitely impressed judges during Strictly's first live show as she and Aljaz bagged a total score of 30 out of 40, with two 8's and two 7's from the judging panel.
It seemed that Shirley in particular was happy with Tasha and Aljaz's mesmerizing Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's hit Espresso, offering some glowing remarks before predicting Tasha's success: "You're on your way to have one of the most spectacular leg actions I think I have ever seen on the show.
This high praise had fans predicting that Tasha and Aljaz could be on their way to winning the coveted glitterball trophy, with many speculating they are the soon-to-be winners of the show, despite the pair having only danced live once. "Aljaz is back Him and Tasha for the final #Strictly," shared on optimistic fan.
However, when it comes to winning, Aljaz is keeping himself more grounded. He admitted: "I think... we have just as much of a chance as the 14 couples we are competing against! It’s a great answer, isn’t it?! But it’s the truth. The way I see it, we need to find our own lane and compete with ourselves, every single week. We’re going on our own journey of hard work, progress and… love of dance."
With Tasha's hard work in rehearsals clearly paying off, we wonder how it's been for the reality star so far. "Physically, it’s been tough at times, as initially it shocked my body – I hadn’t moved in this way for a few years!" she admitted. Continuing: "But it’s keeping the right mentality, you just have to push through. Aljaž is an amazing teacher, though, and so much fun. Training’s been joyful, really wholesome."