Coachella 2024 has added Vampire Weekend to its line-up, causing a stir among fans as they announce 'conflicting' set times.
The festival's official account posted a cryptic schedule for the first weekend of their 2024 event, April 12-14, with the caption "Vampire Weekend 1," sending fans into a frenzy as they searched the graphics for a hint of a cameo from the popular indie band.
The Friday night line-up on the Coachella Stage includes Lil Uzi Vert from 7:35pm to 8:20pm, Peso Pluma from 9:05pm until 10:10pm, reports the Mirror US, and Lana Del Rey's headline slot from 11:20pm.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Glastonbury and Coachella's battle to sign huge British singer up for headline slot
Saturday sees Blur on the Coachella Stage from 7:40pm to 8:40pm, followed by No Doubt at 9:25pm until 10:40pm, and Tyler, The Creator's headline slot at 11:40pm. On Sunday, Bebe Rexha takes to the stage at 6:50pm until 7:35pm, followed by J Calvin at 8:20pm until 9:20pm, and Doja Cat in her headline slot from 10:25pm.
However, not all fans are happy with the scheduling. One disgruntled fan wrote: "Out of 6 Coachellas, I've never had my artists overlap this bad. Extremely disappointing." "The Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan time conflict is a HATE CRIME," another fan added. Chappell Roan will play on the Gobi stage starting at 5:30pm to 6:15pm. However, Sabrina's set starts at 6:00pm on the Coachella stage, ending at 7:00pm. Another fan agreed: "Sabrina and Chappell conflicting should be a crime."
Plus, L'Imperatice is overlapping around then, too. Fans on Reddit are furious that the festival did not "serve us pop girls." They aren't the only major overlap, some pointed out that Isoknock and No Doubt are also clashing. A fan wrote: "Now I just need to pray Tape B isn't in the do lab during that time, too."
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
Fans had some non-time-related complaints with the schedule, too. "Why y'all make it from bottom to top," wrote one fan, referring to the format of the graphics. The festival put the first acts to go on at the bottom, working upward and putting the headliners at the time of the page, making it a bit confusing to follow.
The desert-based event did seem to get one thing right - the inclusion of Vampire Weekend. Fans are begging to have the new addition on the second weekend lineup, too, but no word yet on how likely that really is.
The band's addition comes after another backed out. Lovejoy was set to take the stage at Coachella, but pulled out, citing concern for their lead singer, Wilbur Soot, and his mental health. The musician faced assault allegations just ahead of the announcement.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.