If you listened very, very closely on August 27, 2024, you might have heard a sound echoing across Britain. As Oasis—rock legends, Manchester lads, mortal enemies made good—announced their comeback tour, the lid on the coffin of Britpop cracked down the middle.
And it’s about time, isn’t it? We had our Brat Summer: a hot, wet season modeled after Charli XCX’s messy party girl album, which cast a shadow over everything from TikTok dances to Kamala Harris’s presidential campaign. Brat Summer was more of an ideological trend than a fashion one, although there was certainly a lot of neon green and white tank tops. Ms. XCX herself decreed it as “over” on Instagram once autumn rolled around.
The conditions are optimal for a Britpop replacement: the Oasis tour, the colder weather, soccer season's on. Thirty years is just the right amount of time for nostalgia to creep back in (and for Zoomers to romanticize bad behavior).
And, sure, we mean musically—post-announcement, “Wonderwall,” “Live Forever,” and “Don’t Look Back in Anger” all joined Sabrina Carpenter in the UK top music charts, courtesy of geezers blasting their favorites in celebration—but more than that, we mean fashion-wise. The incoming Britpop takeover is affecting fashion in a tangible way, pushing sales and searches through the roof, and (the real proof in the pudding) appearing, miraculously, at your local pub on weeknights.
Britpop jolted awake in the UK and hit its stride around 1994. In reaction to grunge music taking over the US, the Brits—as Brits do best—opted for their own spin: thrumming, melancholy, nostalgia-heavy, lyrics all threaded through with the experience of England’s working-class youth.
Suddenly, the airwaves were dominated by rumpled, good-looking boys in bands with one name: Oasis, Blur, Suede, Pulp, Supergrass. (The club widened ever so slightly to allow a band with a second word to enter through, with The Verve.) The girls were rocking out, too, with Elastica, Sleeper, and Lush. The sound was melodic and existential, whining in the best way. Across the UK, amps were rattled by ringing electric guitars, little influences of disco and jazz bleeding through. Everywhere you looked, Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher’s baby-blue bedroom eyes were staring from posters, the two-finger salute up; Blur’s Damon Albarn was doing a brand of boyish sincerity, blonde hair flopping; Pulp’s Jarvis Cocker, the young mad professor in button-downs and blazers.
The UK finally had something to call its own, something unique. Say what you will about Nirvana or Alice in Chains, but you could never find a Liam Gallagher warbling “I said maaaaaybeeeee” in the streets of Chicago or LA.
But best of all, the fashion. Like the music, the defining feature of Britpop fashion was the normalcy of it all. How utterly and exquisitely pedestrian it was. Unlike The Beatles’ custom costuming, or Elvis’s spangled suits, Britpop boys were usually clad in the stuff you’d find people wearing at pubs. Parkas and shell jackets, baggy button-downs, soccer jerseys, Adidas sneakers, straight jeans, wire-frame sunglasses, and chunky knits.
There was a distinct louche-ness to the styling—if you could call it styling at all. Watching old concerts from the mid ’90s, you get the sense that there was no pre-show fluffing, no pre-planning or lookbooks; just the bands rolling straight from the bus to the stage. Telling NME of one of his most iconic looks worn at Maine Road in 1996 (an Umbro soccer jumper worn over a button-down, jeans, and sneakers), Liam Gallagher’s explanation feels more or less exemplary: “I went backstage there was some player’s fucking Umbro gear just sitting there and I thought, ‘I’m having a bit of that’, tried it on—fucking freebie, innit?—and I fucking pinched it and fucking wore it.”
It was a call to the working class, boys from Burnage and Blackpool front and center. John Howlin, senior commercial manager at London vintage institution Atika, notes that it pinpointed a shift in the country. “Oh, I have to be careful not to philosophize here,” Howlin tells GQ. “I've always seen ’90s trends as embodying a confidence in society, post-Cold War and during an economic upturn. Blue-collar families raising white-collar sons, who work office jobs Monday to Friday and dress like their working-class dads at the weekend.
“Britpop was always a statement of swagger with a look over its shoulder to the British icons of the past. Hence, looking back to ’60s culture for influence. You shouldn’t be able to tell if a fella is on his way out on Saturday, or stumbling home on Sunday,” Howlin says.
And as that same style creeps back in 30-something years after its original wave, it’s pleasantly surprising to find it’s more or less the same. Those wearing Britpop again aren’t all that interested in modernizing it, so much as they are picking up where they left off. Atika has seen a sharp uptick in the sales of Britpop regalia. Howlin, who saw it roll through the first time in the ’90s, says that “the current look is pretty much authentic.”
It’s easy to see why. A lot of the outlets seeing a rise in Britpop fashion are vintage stores, like Atika, selling original ’90s pieces. eBay, home of the resale, has seen the spike, too.
Pulp's Jarvis Cocker
The Verve's Richard Ashcroft
Amy Bannerman, eBay’s pre-loved style director, pins the uptick on Oasis. “The marketplace has seen a 400 per cent increase in searches for ‘parkas,’” says Bannerman—Gallagher famously performed in parkas, in his signature hands-clasped, bent-knee, chin-jutted way, about 90 percent of his Oasis career. “Increases for ’90s style ‘bomber jackets’ and ‘leather jackets’ up by 31 percent and 34 percent respectively. Searches for ‘Stone Island’ have also increased by 27 percent on eBay after Liam was revealed as the face of the brand's new autumn/winter campaign.” (Howlin also says that Atika is actively sourcing parkas to keep up with demand.)
Sports footwear, which was tied so strongly with the movement’s soccer-influenced beginnings, has been rising, too. “With brands like Puma and Adidas making notable appearances in the Gallaghers’ wardrobes over the years, people are looking to recreate their sportswear style, with searches for ‘Adidas’ increasing by 64 percent, and ‘Adidas trainers’ by 31 percent in late August.”
But fear not: vintage isn’t the only touchpoint for Britpop. Even luxury retailers like Mr. Porter have seen a spike in searches for parkas (64 percent). Britpop sneakers are also flying. Searches for Adidas Gazelle sneakers increased by 221 percent, and Adidas Spezial sneakers by 683 percent since August. (Although, of course, it’s impossible to detangle it from Adidas’s natural hot streak in the fashion ecosystem, further fueled by every new Samba release.)
And while there were no overt declarations of Britpop allegiance at the most recent London Fashion Week, there were glimpses of it in the clothes. At Burberry, khaki belted parkas and bulky shell jackets; at Labrum, UK rapper Ghetts opened the show in head-to-toe khaki, anorak zipped up and rustling. In Milan, at Antonio Marras, the hair styling and music might have been more ’60s doo-wop, but there it was: cream car coats covered in pockets and striped polos. And who was sitting front row? Liam Gallagher’s youngest son, Gene, decked out in a camo parka set.
Labrum
Burberry
Gene Gallagher outside the Antonio Marras show during Milan Fashion Week.
In addition to dressing like Britpop stars, young guys are starting to look like them, too. Last month British GQ predicted that the Oasis “mod” haircut—a punky riff on the ’60s original—would continue its hot ascent, and their reported hunch out to be right.
Tobias Bell, a hair stylist who specializes in alternative cuts, told GQ, “If I do 10 to 11 clients [a day], I'd say at the moment, at least two or three guys are mod cuts for me, and I think it might be a lot more. I think if I wasn't undated enough, I think I'll be worked off my feet doing Oasis cuts up until the day they go on tour.”
And those coming through the door don’t even have to be Britpop fans, strictly. Sebastian Konrad, a 24-year-old DJ from Switzerland who cites his style as being more ’70s inspired, rocks the cut, despite not being the biggest fan of the music. “​​Oasis—I should be a bit ashamed of it, maybe—of course, I knew the songs, but I never heard of Liam Gallagher. When I went on vacation after I got this haircut, guys were coming up to me like ‘Liam Gallagher! Liam Gallagher!’ I’m like… who’s that?” (That being said, Konrad does listen to a lot of rock anyway, naming the Beatles, the Smiths, and the Rolling Stones as influences.)
It’s a similar story for model Thomas Meacock, who built his 650,000-plus follower base off his mod style, and regularly jokes that Gallagher is his dad. “I’ve had this haircut since I’ve started modeling—[I] never really did it to begin with as a fan of the music,” says Meacock. “But two great mates I’ve made this year really got me into Oasis, they’re who I’m going to see them perform with.”
On the return of the cut, Meacock predicts the upcoming reunion will kick things into overdrive: “With Oasis back together I’m sure it’ll make a huge comeback, which is exciting. [There’s] likely to be more mods than skin fades.”
For those considering a buy-in, the good news is that there’ll never be an easier trend to pick up. The essential components may already exist in your wardrobe, basics like button-downs and jerseys, worn baggy, untucked, and buttoned up. The missing parts are generally easy pickups—vintage stores and thrift shops, the fonts of parkas, knits, and polos, while a good pair of wire-frame sunglasses or a nice new bucket hat top the list of more expensive investments. Adidas know the eternal appeal of their Spezial and Gazelle styles, and regularly update the offerings.
At the end of the day, as Howlin says, simplicity is the heart of Britpop. “It’s quite an easy trend to buy into and, at the time, wasn’t heavily accessorized or complex. You just have to walk the proper walk. Do the pub-bar lean.”
This story originally appeared on British GQ.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices