Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The global superstar's highly-anticipated August 23 album is available to shop at Target with exclusive packaging and perks. Get the limited-edition bubblegum pink vinyl and CD before they're gone.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	Today’s the day. Sabrina Carpenter‘s long-awaited sixth studio album Short n’ Sweet has dropped, and fans can officially get their hands on the Target-exclusive vinyl and CD at target.com.

	Just like Billie Eilish’s third studio album Hit Me Hard and Soft, Target is home to exclusive editions of Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet: a limited-edition bubblegum pink marbled vinyl and a collectible poster included in the sleeve of each CD and vinyl sold. Not only does your Target CD purchase include the pull-out poster, but it’s also the lowest price available for the album from any retailer, currently on sale for $12.99.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'SNL': Sabrina Carpenter Joins Quinta Brunson to Honor "Shorties"		
			














	
	General News
			



	
		
					Yesterday, All His Photos Seemed So Far Away		
			








	The album features 12 tracks, including Carpenter’s chart-topping singles “Please Please Please” and “Espresso.”
		Limited-edition bubblegum marbled vinyl with a collectible poster included.	
		Collectible poster included.	

Related: Sabrina Carpenter’s Third Fragrance, Cherry Baby, Is Now Available to Shop on Amazon

	In addition to the two exclusive editions of Short n’ Sweet, Target is selling affordable Sabrina Carpenter merch, perfect for those attending her upcoming world tour starting September (or jamming out to her new releases at home).
		Available in sizes XXS to 3X.	
		Available in sizes XXS to 3X.	

	Also, if you’re based in Los Angeles, Complex is hosting an immersive pop-up experience to celebrate Sabrina Carpenter’s album release this weekend, Aug. 23-25. Fans will be able to shop exclusive merch available only at the Complex LA pop-up, including t-shirts, baby tanks, crewnecks, totes, hats, CDs and vinyl records. It’ll be open all three days from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. at Complex LA, 433 N Fairfax Ave Los Angeles, California.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.