By JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:35, 19 June 2024   |  Updated:  13:53, 19 June 2024   
 181
View  comments
She might be responsible for one of the summer's catchiest singles, but Sabrina Carpenter needed more than an Espresso to interest rapper Central Cee on Tuesday. 
The American singer took a front row seat alongside London-based Cee, real name Oakley Neil Caesar-Su, as Louis Vuitton debuted its spring-summer 2025 menswear collection at Paris Fashion Week. 
But while Carpenter's growing army of fans might clamour for an opportunity to join her at the exclusive event, the British rapper, 26, looked nonplussed as he greeted her with a cursory nod before whipping out his Nintendo Gameboy. 
Fortunately, a bemused Carpenter, 25, who attended the event without boyfriend Barry Keoghan, saw the funny side as he leaned away from her while preoccupying himself ahead of the show. 
The American singer has been dating Oscar-nominated actor Keoghan for at least six months, even casting him as her leading man in her Please Please Please music video, but recently admitted she doesn't feel comfortable publicly referring to him as her boyfriend.
She might be responsible for one of the summer's catchiest singles, but Sabrina Carpenter needed more than an Espresso to interest rapper Central Cee in Paris on Tuesday
#sabrinacarpenter #tiktokfashion #pfw #centralcee #tiktokfashion #lvmenss25 
'The [dating] pool is the pool, and when you meet people that feel authentic and are so brilliant and amazing in every way, that's what you do,' she told Rolling Stone. 
'Obviously, I write songs about exactly how I feel, so I guess I can't be so surprised that people are interested in who and what those songs are about. That's something that comes with the territory.'
Carpenter also confirmed her new single was inspired by the 31-year-old Irishman in the comments of his June 6th Instagram post announcing the video where she quoted her own lyric: 'I heard that you're an actor!'
The accompanying video finds Carpenter playing the gangster moll to Keoghan's criminal and one scene was specifically designed to showcase Barry's stunt-fighting abilities.
Carpenter and Keoghan first crossed paths at the Givenchy runway presentation during Paris Fashion Week on September 28 before being spotted on a date in Brentwood on December 3.
The Saltburn actor fathered 22-month-old son Brando during his two-year relationship with dental nurse Alyson Kierans, which ended in mid-2023.
Meanwhile Carpenter - who gets 71.9M monthly listeners on Spotify - scored a major career boost serving opening duties for 14-time Grammy winner Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Mexico, South America, Australia, and Singapore.
'I hold her to such a different echelon. I could never compare my life, my career, my trajectory to anything close to what she's done,' she said.
The American singer took a front row seat alongside London-based Cee as Louis Vuitton debuted its spring-summer 2025 menswear collection at Paris Fashion Week 
She saw the funny side as Cee appeared to ignore her, opting instead to play his Nintendo Gameboy ahead of Tuesday's fashion show in the French capital 
'We're very, very verbal with each other about our mutual love and admiration...She played me [her The Tortured Poets Department Studio song] But Daddy, I Love Him before it came out, and that's also one of my favorites.'
The 34-year-old pop star's frequent collaborator Jack Antonoff just so happened to produce half of Carpenter's sixth studio album Short n' Sweet - dropping August 23 - including Please Please Please. 
On April 1, the former Disney Channel star modeled the Stretch Lace campaign for Kim Kardashian's shapewear brand SKIMS, which outraged Swifties considering their ongoing feud which began way back in 2016.
'As much as people want to believe you're tuned into every little thing, I'm not because I'm constantly working. In that scenario, I've been very, very communicative with [Taylor] about that situation, and I just love her so much and support her till the end,' Carpenter explained.
'So it was no weirdness for me, but I know people will just say things because that's all they have time to do.'
Carpenter has been dating Oscar-nominated actor Barry Keoghan for at least six months, even casting him as her leading man in her Please Please Please music video (pictured)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group