MTV has delayed its annual Video Music Awards (VMAs) by a day to avoid clashing with the US presidential debate. 
Former president Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris agreed last week to face each other in a televised debate on 10 September.
The VMAs had already been scheduled for that date, but broadcaster MTV has announced the ceremony will now take place the following night.
If both events had gone ahead on the same evening, it would almost certainly have damaged viewing figures for both events, but particularly the VMAs.
Interest in the debate is likely to be very high, especially as it is the only one currently scheduled between the two presidential candidates. 
But the clash would also have posed an image problem for MTV, according to Billboard, due to the network's efforts to boost voter turnout. 
MTV has encouraged its audience to engage more with politics as part of its brand since the 1992 election, which saw Bill Clinton unseat George HW Bush. 
In addition to the presidential debate being hosted by ABC, Trump has suggested two further debates hosted by Fox News and NBC. 
Harris has indicated she would be open to more debates, but none have yet been confirmed.
Taylor Swift leads the field at this year's VMAs ceremony, with 10 nominations including artist, video and song of the year.
At the 2023 ceremony, Swift won nine awards from 11 nominations, including video of the year for Anti-Hero.
Elsewhere, Post Malone has nine nominations this year, while Ariana Grande, Eminem and Sabrina Carpenter have six each.
Other nominees include Megan Thee Stallion, SZA, Teddy Swims, LISA and Dua Lipa.
The ceremony will take place on Wednesday 11 September at 17:00 PT / 20:00 EST, or 01:00 BST on Thursday for British viewers. 
Aged just 10 when his father first became president, he's now well over six feet tall, and goes to New York University.
The US president spoke about his plans for the second Trump administration, as well as criticising the 'corrupt establishment'.
Watch the historic moment when the 45th president is returned to power as he takes the oath of office. 
Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg and Jeff Bezos were among those invited inside the Capitol for Donald Trump's swearing in.
Thousands of people joined in on demonstrations as the United States prepares to inaugurate its new president.
The outgoing US president warned against power in the hands of the wealthy, the threat of the tech industry and climate change.
Trump's pick for US attorney general was pressed on claims of election fraud and pardons for January 6 rioters.
Donald Trump's defence secretary nominee was asked about his stance on women in combat and his alleged excessive drinking.
Harris, who Trump defeated in the 2024 election, presided over the event as required by the US Constitution.
Among the allies the president-elect has chosen to join his administration are contentious figures, including among fellow Republicans.
The president-elect has nominated RFK to lead the Department of Health and Human Services.
The suspect used an “improvised incendiary device” to start the fire in Portland, Oregon, ahead of the US election.
A week after losing the election, Kamala Harris's team are still appealing for funds.
Republicans have won control of both chambers of Congress, yielding Trump limited congressional oversight for at least 2 years.

The president and president-elect shook hands as part of a long-standing tradition signifying the transfer of power.
Given all the things they’ve said about each other, Joe Biden and Donald Trump’s meeting could be really awkward.
'I think Putin believes that he knows how to play Trump', says Trump's former adviser John Bolton.
The Russian president says he was impressed by Trump's reaction to the first assassination attempt against him.
The president addressed Americans from the White House for the first time since Donald Trump's election victory.
After Donald Trump's decisive victory, we asked Americans what they think made the difference for each campaign.
Tasked with reducing government spending and cutting jobs, the agency has faced legal challenges. 
The conspiracy theorist reportedly urged Trump to fire several National Security Council officials, a claim denied by the president. 
The Vances met as students, when they joined a discussion group on “social decline in white America”.
Indian Americans are optimistic about India’s future, but wary of US-India ties under a second Trump term.
The conservative from Ohio shot to fame writing about his hard upbringing and is now next in line to the US presidency.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.