Save this outfit for some summer workwear inspiration.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It's been almost two years since Serena Williams retired from tennis. Now that she's made her full pivot from athlete to entrepreneur, with her brand Wyn Beauty out in the world, she's dressing the part. Yesterday, front row at the Gucci Men's Spring Summer 2025 Fashion Show for Milan Fashion Week, Williams wore a monochromatic ballet slipper pink pantsuit, complete with a matching belt, a sheer button-down shirt, and coordinating bra.
Dressed by stylist Kimberly Sussman Bridges, Williams was dripping in pale pink Gucci.
Dressed by stylist Kimberly Sussman Bridges, Williams was dripping in Gucci from head to toe. She draped her pale pink double breasted blazer around her shoulders, layered overtop a silky blouse in the exact same color patterned with gem GG logos. (A bold choice, considering the temperature was in the mid-80s.) Her light mauve bra peeked out from the half-buttoned, semi-sheer button-down. Williams tucked her shirt into matching wide-leg, high-waisted trousers, cinched with a pale pink leather belt.
The only items that strayed from the pink theme were Williams's clear sandal heels, oversized orange sunnies, and red half-circle handbag.
The only items that strayed from the pink theme were Williams's clear sandal high heels, her oversized orange ombré sunnies, and her red patent leather half-circle handbag.
It seems as though Williams has found her color. Just last week at Tribeca Film Festival, the star wore a sheer pink corset dress, plus diamonds and pink gemstones. Back in April, for Byrdie's Spring Beauty Issue, Williams was styled in the same shade for a dramatic ballerina-esque look.
Serena Williams wore the same dreamy shade for an appearance at the Tribeca Film Festival last week. That time, she wore Dolce & Gabbana.
Yesterday's business-core look was relatively new for Williams, who tends to go for more feminine silhouettes. (The touch of semi-sheer styling wasn't too far out of the norm: After the Met Gala, she hit the afterparties in an unexpected crochet naked dress.)
Williams is far from the only celebrity trying the "office siren" style. Sabrina Carpenter was just spotted in a Clueless-adjacent plaid skirt suit, while Zendaya recently wore a vintage neon green pencil skirt suit set by Mugler while promoting Challengers. Kendall Jenner also buttoned up in an olive double-breasted suit jacket and pleated trousers.
Williams is also the latest celebrity to hop on the monochromatic spring trend. Last week, we saw Rihanna in an all-oxblood look. Also last week, Ayo Edebiri combined both trends wearing a turquoise-on-turquoise blazer and bermuda short trousers.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Scroll down to shop Serena William's pink suit moment.
Julia Gray is a contributing fashion writer at Marie Claire, where she covers runway trends, celebrity style, and shopping. In her six years as a journalist, Julia’s reporting has ranged across style, music, Internet culture, art, retail, tech, and more. In addition to Marie Claire, Julia writes for outlets like the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, the Ringer, New York Magazine, Pitchfork, Nylon, and Vice, among others. Julia's fashion reporting is led by curiosity. Julia is not only interested in critiquing and covering pop culture, but in understanding what our pop culture says about how we live and modern values. When she’s not writing, Julia hosts a podcast called Girls Room, where she and her co-host revisit shows like Girls and Gossip Girl from the beginning with guests like comedian Cat Cohen and writer Hunter Harris. Girls Room was recently cited in the New York Times.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.