By LUKE ANDREWS SENIOR HEALTH REPORTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:29, 22 October 2024   |  Updated:  07:00, 28 October 2024   
 623
View  comments
Gwen Stefani created a stir after appearing on The Voice last night sporting an 'unrecognizable' new look.
The 55-year-old superstar ditched her trade-mark icy platinum locks for new warm blonde wavy tresses with prominent bangs.
But fans were quick to suggest that something else was different about her appearance besides the hair and dress, pointing to her more plump and smooth facial complexion.
Some speculated she may have had cosmetic procedures, with one saying it was 'out of control' and another likening her new look to Sabrina Carpenter.
Dr Corey Maas, a facial plastic surgeon in San Francisco, suggested that the fuller appearance in her face may be down to fillers, which  plump up wrinkles, smooth lines, and restore volume to the face.
He also suggested that Gwen may have had a lower face lift, saying he did not see any loose skin on her lower jaw which he would expect for someone her age.
Gwen Stefani is pictured above in 2006, left, and then last night on The Voice. Plastic surgeons have suggested she has had filler in her face and lips, and some have also suggested she has had a mini facelift. In the left image, she is 37 years old - and on the right she is 55
A lower face lift, or mini face lift, involves making incisions around the ear and then pulling the skin in the lower third of the face in order to tighten it. The procedure is used to reduce sagging and wrinkles in the lower face.
Fillers, on the other hand, are substances that are injected into the face to restore volume and make someone appear younger. As people age, the face starts to lose volume — often from as early as the late 20s. 
He also suggested the lack of deep lines and wrinkles on her face, which tend to emerge in people's late 20s, may be linked to Botox use.
Gwen has previously faced plenty of speculation over her appearance over the years, with surgeons also suggesting she got a nose job in the 1990s.
In a nose job, or rhinoplasty, surgeons reshape the nose — sometimes to enhance its appearance, especially in photographs. It is done by making an incision on the inside of the nose, and then repositioning or removing tissue.
Dr Gary Linkov, a plastic surgeon also in New York City who evaluates celeb plastic surgery for his YouTube channel, suggested that she had spent more than $428,000 on her face over the years on at least nine procedures — also including two brow lifts.
Dr Maas told DailyMail.com after viewing the images of Gwen on The Voice: 'It's true that with the bangs, if you pull them down, they lead people to focus on the mid-face and below the eyes more, which does make [the cheeks and mid-face] look a bit fuller.
'But I also wouldn't expect [this area] to be so full in someone her age, so she's probably had some filler.'
He added: 'Her jawline is also really indicative of some work, a 55-year-old woman just doesn't have a jawline like that.
'I think she may have had a lower facelift, because that does a really nice job of tightening the jawline and chin, and hers are nearly perfect.' 
Dr Michael Bassiri-Tehrani, a facial plastic surgeon in New York City, agreed with suggestions that she had had filler, telling DailyMail.com: 'As we age, we tend to lose some facial fat.
'But we don't see this in Gwen, so it is possible she has opted for tasteful fillers to maintain her cheeks' plumpness.'
He added: 'Her face appears a bit rounder and fuller in the cheeks than before, which [also] supports this idea. But, of course, bangs could play a role in her look.' 
Gwen is pictured above in two images which plastic surgeon Dr Gary Linkov said suggested she had had a nose job. The bridge of her nose, or central area, appeared thinner
He also shared these pictured of Gwen to suggest she may have had a facelift. The surgery involves making incisions around the ears and pulling it tight, which can cause changes in the appearance of the ear lobe and the tragus, the tongue-like projection on the outer ear (circled)
Your browser does not support iframes.
Dr Joel Kopelman, a facial plastic surgeon also in New York City, also suggested that she may have received a lower facelift, or mini facelift.
He told DailyMail.com: 'From my perspective as a facial plastic surgeon, it's possible Gwen Stefani has undergone a mini facelift.
'This is less invasive than a traditional facelift, also focusing on the lower face and the jawline, which helps tighten sagging skin and restore youthful contours.
'Looking at Gwen's recent appearance, particularly her smooth jawline and lack of sagging around the cheeks and neck, a mini facelift could have contributed to these results.
'This type of procedure typically results in a subtle, natural lift, which aligns with her overall appearance — she looks refreshed and youthful without dramatically altering her signature look.'
Gwen Stefani herself has not publicly commented on allegations that she has had cosmetic procedures.
But she is well known for her love of makeup, having even founded her own brand — GXVE, pronounced 'Give' — which sells cruelty-free and vegan-friendly makeups including lipsticks, highlighters and eyeshadows.
Talking about her love of makeup in a 2017 interview with InStyle, she said: 'I would always get s*** for [wearing make-up]. 
'People would say, "You're wearing a mask, what are you trying to hide?". No, I just love make-up. I just think I look better when I have it on.' 
A spokesperson for Gwen did not return a DailyMail.com request for comment.
After viewing pictures of her on The Voice, one viewer commented: 'I think it's something more than the wig... look at her face, the plumpness and the smoothness. She's had some work done and the fillers are out of control.'
A second person said: 'I'm finding it particularly disappointing to see some of the girls we grew to know as rebellious, unique and adventurous champions of personal style transform into these cookie cutter, plumped, lifted, rebuilt clones clawing at youth.'
And a third added: ''I like Gwen and she's always been beautiful and very talented. I really hope that she stops now or slows down with the work.'
The No Doubt frontwoman was forced to cancel her concert in August this year due to an undisclosed injury. 
She returned to The Voice in late September this year. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group