This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Kate Middleton is done trying to make peace between Prince William and Prince Harry, and Diddy may be facing new charges as he awaits trial. (Getty Images)
Welcome to the Fox News Entertainment Newsletter.
TOP 3:
- Kate Middleton quits playing Prince Harry peacemaker, 'finally threw up her hands in disgust': expert.
- Diddy all smiles in court before prosecutors hint at new charges in sex trafficking case.
- 'Dancing with the Stars' host Julianne Hough strips down after firing back at concerns over her body.
Jennifer Lopez said that while she doesn't regret getting back together with Ben Affleck, that "doesn’t mean it didn’t almost take me out for good." (Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)
LESSONS LEARNED — Jennifer Lopez believes God hit her 'over the head with a f---ing sledgehammer' to leave Ben Affleck.
'PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE' — Former Disney star Sabrina Carpenter embraces ‘dark, weird sides’ of fame, refuses to be ‘little robot angel.’
'TOO FAR' — 'DWTS' ex-pro Sharna Burgess rips 'ridiculous' claims she and Brian Austin Green are forcing kids to be girls.
TONGUE-TIED — 'Dancing with the Stars'’ Brooks Nader and Gleb Savchenko share tongue kiss, get ‘secret’ matching tattoos.
Brooks Nader and Gleb Savchenko recently got matching tattoos and continue to inspire romance rumors. (Getty Images)
'LOW PLACES' — Garth Brooks launches 'high-risk' strategy against accuser in sex assault claim: expert.
'WHAT DO YOU MEAN?' — Justin Bieber song about 'Diddy party' raises questions about its origin.
'CAUGHT EARLY' — Jenna Fischer of ‘The Office' secretly battled breast cancer and is now 'cancer-free.'
Jenna Fischer, who starred as Pam Beesly in "The Office," revealed she'd been diagnosed with breast cancer but is now in remission. (Chris Haston/NBCU Photo Bank)
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
X, formerly Twitter
This article was written by Fox News staff.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.