While Taylor Swift’s wardrobe is the stuff of most shoppers’ wildest dreams, she’s also a mastermind when it comes to styling designer duds with budget-friendly buys.
Even as her style’s shifted throughout her career, the “Tortured Poets Department” singer’s never stopped sporting under-$150 finds from the likes of Free People and Reformation alongside much pricier picks from Miu Miu, Gucci and Prada.
“I think Taylor’s approach to high/low [dressing] distills her identity as a celebrity — someone authentic but also marketable,” says Sarah Chapelle, who’s ID’ed “well over 7,000” of Swift’s looks on her Taylor Swift Style blog and Instagram account — in addition to penning a new book on the superstar’s fashion that’s currently available for pre-order, “Taylor Swift Style: Fashion Through the Eras” ($35 $32).
“I believe Taylor’s style naturally fits in well with these accessible brands. And also, in opting for pieces with lower price tags, she gives fans an opportunity to replicate and buy into her style,” she tells Page Six Style. “It’s personal and it’s business. And that is Taylor Swift in a nutshell.”
No need to torture yourself scouring the internet for Swift’s sartorial greatest hits, however; below, we’ve rounded up nearly every under-$150 item from her street style outfits that’s still available to shop.
No thorns in this rose garden! As seen in rare behind-the-scenes photos shared by Jack Antonoff, Swift wore this under-$60 floral Free People top while recording “Tortured Poets Department” track “Down Bad.”
Looking for tights that don’t break and burn and end? When it comes to the first point, at least, Sheertex’s rip-resistant styles — which Swift wore on repeat all winter — just might be your best bet. 
When Page Six Style Editor Elana Fishman put both Swift’s patterned pair and the brand’s classic Sheer Rip Resistant Tights ($59 $39) to the test, they stood up to wear and tear — including cat claws, likely a selling point for fellow feline enthusiast Swift.
When it comes to celeb-loved athleisure, lululemon’s a wonderland — er, wunderland. Swift’s sported several lululemon leggings over the years, including this buttery soft Wunder Train pair she teamed with an Adidas fleece for a dressed-down outing in 2023.
They’ve racked up a 4-star rating out of over 2,000 reviews, including one simply raving, “Super comfortable and flattering!”
Shake off any fear of wardrobe malfunctions with this Swift-approved mini, which has a set of shorts underneath.
Few (relatively) budget-friendly brands have captivated Swift quite like Free People. She’s worn dozens of its designs over the years, but perhaps none quite as inexpensive as these cute ruffled socks. (Whether for Mother’s Day or a Swiftie friend’s birthday, they’d also make a great gift.)
While we’re on the subject of sartorial staples, Swift’s been shopping Reformation’s sustainably-minded styles since her “1989” era. And while this easy knit dress she wore for a 2023 outing with Sophie Turner is currently sold out in her exact rust shade, you can still snag it in select sizes in white — if you act fast.
Like Free People and Ref, Canadian retailer Aritzia’s been a favorite of Swift’s for many years. The songstress has been spotted in dozens of pieces from the brand’s in-house lines Wilfred, Babaton, TNA and Sunday Best — including this A-line miniskirt, which she’s worn in two different plaid patterns. 
When Swift stepped out for a 2023 dinner with pals Blake Lively and Sophie Turner wearing this fit-and-flare pleated mini, orders skyrocketed — so much so that it’s still dubbed “the Taylor Swift dress” on Aritzia’s website to this day.
Swift made a splash during her Bahamas getaway with Travis Kelce in this sunny Montce bikini. (While her exact yellow striped version is currently only available for pre-order, it’s ready to ship in several other shades.) 
Even Swift is stocked up on ‘stocks. The star’s sported the practical, sometimes-polarizing sandals on multiple occasions, including for her coastal “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” photoshoot.
Jennifer Behr is fashion’s “queen of bows,” as celebrity stylist Micaela Erlanger once told Page Six Style — which might explain why Swift selected this pretty barrette to punctuate her ponytail at a Chiefs game on Christmas Day. She’s also been seen wearing the brand’s bobby pins and headbands.
Ahead of the release of “TTPD,” Swift began taking style cues from the tortured poets before her with Victorian-inspired styles like corset tops; she picked this House of CB version for dinner in Sydney with Sabrina Carpenter.
“Corsetry was once something worn only under clothing — it was an intimate,” Chapelle previously told us of the superstar’s embrace of bustier tops.
“Taylor’s work is nothing if not intimate, and she’s played her whole career wearing her heart on her sleeve. This just feel like a more sensual, womanly example of wearing something meant to be on the inside on the outside — showing that kind of vulnerability.”
While Swift’s role in her critically acclaimed “All Too Well” short film was mainly behind the camera, she stole the show at its 2021 red carpet premiere in these pretty-meets-punk earrings from Melinda Maria.
“Her stylist, Joseph Cassell, has been such a huge supporter of Melinda Maria … and has put stuff on Taylor for so many years,” the designer told us in 2023, noting that these Swift-loved spikes “have been “in the line for so long, and they’re always [in] the top five best sellers.”
She wears sneakers — and high heels, too. Swift opted for the latter for an NYC dinner with Jack Antonoff in April 2023, when she paired these pumps with bejeweled Area denim. 
Swift topped off her Super Bowl 2024 outfit with this cherry red varsity jacket emblazoned with the number 60, a nod to the Chiefs’ first season. And after flying out of stock, it’s finally available for purchase again.
It’s not the only piece the chart-topper’s worn from sports reporter Andrews’ brand; she’s also been spotted in a Chiefs windbreaker, as well as a necklace from Andrews’ BaubleBar collection stamped with the team’s logo. Sadly, both of those game-day finds are sold out.
Long before releasing “Reputation,” Swift took a walk on the edgy side with these cool paneled workout pants in 2016. (For more celebrity favorites from Alo Yoga, check out our complete guide to the best of the brand.)
Perhaps Swift was subtly laying the groundwork (just like clockwork) when she wore these clips prior to the release of “The Tortured Poets Department.” After all, the design bears the name from her buzzy track “ThanK you aIMee” … minus the headline-making capitalization, of course.
Part of Eras Tour opener Bridgers’ collaboration with the Brooklyn-based jeweler, this split heart charm features a pair of smooching skulls on the front and lyrics from the musician’s “Garden Song” engraved on the back in her own handwriting.
While Swift’s been spotted wearing half of the set in yellow gold — perhaps a present from Bridgers herself — the silver will set you back under $150, making it a great gift for your own BFF.
Booked-and-busy celebrities like Swift have their hands full in more ways than one — so it’s no surprise many own Bandolier’s crossbody cases. Perhaps Swift’s been sharing her love for the style with those in her inner circle, as Donna Kelce is rarely seen at Chiefs games without hers.
The shoes he gave her as a present? Swifties flew into a frenzy upon releasing the superstar was wearing these custom Chiefs-colored Air Force 1s in a suite during an Oct. 2023 game — the same sneakers all of Kelce’s friends were rocking as well.
But while it seems the tight end might’ve gifted Swift the personalized kicks, you don’t need to be dating an NFL star to pick up a pair of your own, thanks to the Nike By You customization service on the brand’s website. 
Swift wore this underwire bikini top from her go-to swim brand in a different pattern during her famed Fourth of July party in 2023.
The “Cruel Summer” chart-topper owns a slew of Mazin Jewels styles, including this stunning choker she wore for an “SNL” appearance.
“I sent Taylor a bunch of stuff through her stylist [Joseph Cassell]’s team, and it’s just so amazing that she keeps wearing it,” designer Lily Nizam previously told Page Six Style.
The star loves Rumored’s Be Mine top so much, she owns it in two colors (“So relatable,” says Chapelle). While the cropped tee is currently only available for pre-order, you can snag a likeminded look in the meantime with this minidress version.
Swift’s not trading this baseball cap for a crown anytime soon. She’s worn this trusty topper several times, and also owns the corduroy version.
Speaking of hats, the star’s long been fond of a fisherman cap; for evidence, look no further than her “Red (Taylor’s Version)” album cover. When colder weather hits, you can often spot in her in a version like this Brixton classic, which she chose for a Dec. 2018 outing in NYC.
Swift may have come a long way from the old faded blue jeans she sang about in her first single, “Tim McGraw,” but she still loves a classic pair of Levi’s. She’s worn plenty of the timeless brand’s denim over the years, including these summer-ready shortalls.
It seems even Swift isn’t immune to the draw of a TikTok-viral fashion find. She sported this skirt — which comes equipped with a zippered pocket and built-in shorts — at Coachella with Kelce.
In 2015, Swift got bejeweled in this bestselling pendant from Kendra Scott. When we chatted with the jewelry designer in 2022, she told us one flies off the shelves every minute.
Let’s go, girls! In Oct. 2023, Swift paid tribute to fellow country-crossover sensation Shania Twain with this oversized T-shirt printed with the title and promotional art for her 1995 hit “Any Man Of Mine.” (Twain called the sartorial shout-out “really cool.”)
The “Cruel Summer” singer sported one of Slip’s scrunchies in a TikTok — and she’s hardly the label’s only famous fan. Sofia Richie, Kris Jenner and Reese Witherspoon (to name but a few) all own its anti-breakage hair ties and pillowcases.
Swift and Meghan Markle have this empowering pendant in common, as the Duchess of Sussex wore the design in summer 2022.
Swift’s high-street brand go-tos also include Madewell, and these high-waisted shorts — which she owns in more than one wash — were a hallmark of her “Reputation” era.