With fall officially here, it’s the prime time for a closet refresh.
And thanks to Nordstrom’s big limited-time sale — running now through Oct. 1, 2024 — there are plenty of ways to transform your wardrobe and beauty bag for less.
Not sure where to start? Keep scrolling to shop some of the most celebrity-loved items on major markdown right now — from Oprah’s “favorite” skincare to royal-loved purses.
For both Hollywood royalty and real-life royals, Longchamp’s a longtime favorite. Kate Middleton’s carried versions of this famed Le Pliage tote multiple times over the years, including at her college graduation. 
This cult-favorite blush has stars tickled pink. Meghan Markle raved about the luminous powder formula in her “Suits” days, telling Allure, “I use it on and off camera because it gives you a nice glow from within.”
The same pale pink Orgasm shade is also a reported go-to for Margot Robbie, Emma Stone, Jennifer Lawrence and Kim Kardashian.
While Taylor Swift’s go-to Mansur Gavriel bag is excluded from the sale this time around, Mindy Kaling, Sofia Vergara, Jessica Alba, Alessandra Ambrosio and Sienna Miller (to name but a few) all own this chic cinched design from the same label.
Alo Yoga makes some of the most celebrity-loved athleisure on the market — including these breathable leggings stars like Kaia Gerber, Dakota Johnson, Bella Hadid and Margot Robbie all own.
Kick off fall in fresh kicks from royal-loved label Veja — including these cream-colored sneakers that match virtually any fall outfit. 
This glowy formula tops our list of the best celeb-loved foundations. Meghan Markle, Sydney Sweeney and Sabrina Carpenter (to name but a few) have all been linked to the label.
Page Six Style editor Elana Fishman’s also a fan, raving, “When it comes to foundations that look and feel like actual skin — almost like a skin tint, but with a tad more coverage — this is the gold standard.”
While Urban Decay’s original naked palette sold out in a flash, there’s still time to save on variations like this bundle of similar matte and shimmery shades.
A source told Us Weekly in 2015 that Kate Middleton used the original neutral palette when doing her own makeup, saying, “She’s learned what looks good on camera.”
Plenty of stars’ loungewear favorites are thanks to Spanx. And while Oprah’s exact “Favorite Things” aren’t included, you can still save on shorts made from the same super-soft material she called “like buttah” on her 2022 list. 
Score several Free People pieces for less right now, including capsule wardrobe staples like this faux leather jacket.
Ref’s got a great rep in Hollywood. The brand’s racked up countless famous fans, from Taylor Swift to recent collaborator Kacey Musgraves. And while it’s rare to find it on sale, a range of designs are discounted at Nordstrom right now. 
When it comes to sunglasses, you can’t get much more classic than Ray-Ban. The brand’s famed frames are a hit with everyone from Kate Middleton to Taylor Swift to Kristen Stewart.
Oprah Winfrey included this brightening buy on her 2018 “Favorite Things” list, calling it her “go-to beauty regimen.” Drew Barrymore’s also a devotee, raving on Instagram, “I see a huge difference in the brightening, the tightening and the ‘youthening’ of my skin.”
Stila’s ultra-precise eyeliners have found fans in celebrity makeup artists and editors alike. 
If you’ve been eyeing a new pair of sunnies, Nordstrom’s a great place to score discounted designer frames from Prada, Loewe and more while supplies last. 
Make a splash this fall in the same classic boots stars like Meghan Markle and Sara Jessica Parker swear by. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.