Kourtney Kardashian shared new images of her baby boy, Rocky - but some fans weren't impressed by her post for a separate reason.
To mark Father's Day, Kourtney, 44, took to Instagram to share a sweet message to husband Travis Barker, 48, while sharing a carousel of candid photos of him holding their seven-month-old son, Rocky Thirteen Barker. She still resisted sharing the tot's face, as has been the case in every photo since his birth.
The Kardashians star captioned the post: "Happy Father’s Day @travisbarker!! Beyond grateful for the Dad that you are to our baby boy, and all of our kids. You keep us safe and protected and take care of us. Having a family with you is heaven. Happy to celebrate you!"
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter breaks silence on posing for SKIMS despite Taylor Swift friendship
The Blink-182 drummer commented on the post with, "Our life is heaven, I love you." In one of the photos that appeared to be during sunrise on the beach with Travis, the baby and her other child Reign, 9, from her previous relationship with Scott Disick.
They also share older siblings, Mason Disick, 14, and Penelope Disick, 11, together. Kourtney welcomed her and Travis' first son together in November 2023 after they tied the knot in destination affair in May 2022. The two married for a third time in a lavish ceremony at L'Olivetta, a villa owned by Dolce & Gabbana, in Portofino, Italy.
Whie many fans gushed over the sweet post, others took offence to the notable absence of mention for Kourtney's ex, Scott. Some fans branded the post insensitive after the apparent snub.
Earlier this month, Kourtney also teased a photo of baby Rocky by posting his little baby foot. The upload had fans squealing about how cute the little "chunky" body part was. The Poosh founder has documented her fertility issues and experience trying to get pregnant through IVF and has been transparent on social media about how hard the process was.
In September 2023, she had to get urgent fetal surgery that ended up saving Rocky's life due to an irregularity that was found on an ultrasound. In the recent season of the Hulu's the Kardashians in episode two, Kourtney while posing for a photoshoot wearing a crop top and a unbuttoned skirt, her post surgery scar was seen from when they went into her "amniotic sac."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.