Hudson made a cheeky reference to Carpenter's latest hit: 'Andie Anderson Espresso'
 Let's just say that Sabrina Carpenter was frosted at her 25th birthday bash.

 The singer and actress wore a yellow silk minidress from a vintage clothing store, accessorized with a diamond necklace by W. Salamoon, which made for a look reminiscent of Kate Hudson's character's own in a pivotal scene of the rom-com favorite How To Lose a Guy in 10 Days.

 Hudson commented on Carpenter's social media post of snapshots, "That's that Andie Anderson Espresso," Hudson said, referencing both her character in the 2003 movie, Andie Anderson, and Carpenter's song, "Espresso." She punctuated the message with four yellow hearts and the emoji for blowing a kiss.

 As if that weren't enough, there was karaoke, just like at the party in the movie. No word if "You're So Vain" was on the playlist.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 The 2003 movie features Hudson as a magazine writer whose latest assignment is to make a guy interested in her and then, in a little over a week, tap out. Her plan is to do the annoying things that some women supposedly do to ruin their relationships: leaving stuff at his house, forming a relationship with his mom without telling him, intruding on his night with the guys, and even taking him to a Celine Dion concert. Matthew McConaughey plays the guy, Benjamin Barry, who has incentive to stay in the game, because he's bet his boss that he can make a woman fall in love with him in, yep, 10 days.

 There are a lot of problems with the setup, but the movie did come out 20 years ago.

 Along with audiences — the movie has a 77 percent audience score on Rotten Tomatoes (compared to a 44 percent critics score) and airs regularly on cable TV — Hudson and McConaughey remain fond of the project.

 In February 2023, McConaughey told Variety that the climactic scene in which Andie wears that bright yellow dress was difficult to shoot. The characters have both just learned that they're being tricked, so they're visibly annoyed with one another.

 "Underneath, probably for things that were happening in character and out of character and off-set, we'd gotten under each other's skin a little bit," McConaughey said. "We were legitimately kind of pissed off at each other in a really cool way."

 Carpenter couldn't relate to that, though. According to People, the party was a sweet gesture by her boyfriend, actor Barry Keoghan. The party of about 100, including Ice Spice, took place at DUMBO House in Brooklyn.

 In addition to the How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days vibe, there was another nod to the movies: a Leonardo DiCaprio–themed cake about the joke that he doesn't date women over 25.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)