By 

	Kalia Richardson


	During Ariana Grande‘s Saturday Night Live monologue, she promised to keep her second turn as host of the comedy sketch show “low-key.” During a bridesmaid skit that parodied Sabrina Carpenter‘s summer smash hit “Espresso,” Grande sang out-of-tune and off-key alongside SNL cast members Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim, and Sarah Sherman. In response to the “Espresso” spoof, Carpenter called it “very nice and on pitch” on her Instagram story posted Sunday.

	During the nearly five-minute skit, each bridesmaid sang a verse about a bachelorette party in Charleston when the bride Kelsey, played by Chloe Fineman, went home with a man named Domingo (Marcello Hernandez). After the groom, played by Andrew Dismukes, suspected the song was about Kelsey cheating on him, the bridesmaids downplayed his accusations, with Grande adding, “You’re not listening to the lyrics.”

	Known for cheeky lyrics and ever-changing “Nonsense” outros as an Eras Tour opener, Carpenter skyrocketed to pop stardom following the release of “Espresso” in April. She wrote the catchy pop song with longtime friend Steph Jones and recent collaborator Amy Allen. With Julian Bunetta, who helped Carpenter with “Nonsense,” on production, they crafted contagious lyrics like “Move it up, down, left, right, oh/Switch it up like Nintendo” and the viral line, “I’m working late ’cause I’m a singer.”

	










Carpenter told Rolling Stone in June that she’s happy fans have been able to read between the lines. “My mom has been like, ‘Do you feel crazy right now?’” Carpenter said. “I just love that people get my sense of humor.” Carpenter released her sixth album Short N’ Sweet Aug. 23, and kickstarted her North America tour in September.  



	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Throughout the SNL episode, Grande leaned into her infamous celebrity impressions: She donned a beehive-blonde wig as Jennifer Coolidge and mimicked Celine Dion’s French accent in a UFC sports promo parody. She is set to star as Glinda in Wicked, which arrives next month.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.