Manage your account
If you’re more interested in the “Swiftie Bowl” than the Super Bowl, you might wonder about what could happen if Taylor Swift’s boyfriend’s team wins.
Swift is performing four shows in Tokyo, with the last one on Saturday, Feb. 10. The Japanese Embassy in Washington D.C. assured Swifties she could still arrive in Las Vegas in time for the Super Bowl, despite the 12 hour flight, 17-hour time difference and recent bad weather.
Between Eras Tour obligations and her relationship with Travis Kelce, Swift could have a busy week ahead.
If the Chiefs take home the Vince Lombardi Trophy (for non-football fans, that’s what you get if you win), could Swift celebrate in Kansas City for the parade?
A parade date will only be announced after the Super Bowl, according to the Kansas City Sports Commission. But the last two Super Bowl parades (in 2020 and 2023) were held on the Wednesday after the game.
This year, that would mean Feb. 14.
If Swift wants to spend Valentine’s Day with her boyfriend after a Super Bowl win, she might need to be in Kansas City, where she could swing by a parade?
This would be Swift and Kelce’s first Valentine’s Day as a couple, but the Super Bowl and tour are complicating matters.
After her Tokyo Eras tour stops, the pop star will perform at a concert in Melbourne, Australia, on Friday, Feb. 16. The show starts at 6:20 p.m Melbourne time — 1:20 a.m. Central Time — with opener Sabrina Carpenter. Melbourne is 17-hours ahead of Kansas City. 
A flight in Taylor Swift’s private jet from Kansas City to Melbourne would take just over 17 hours, which includes a 1.5-hour fuel stop, according to private plane charter JetFinder.
This means Taylor Swift would need to leave Kansas City by 8 a.m. on Thursday, Feb. 15, to arrive at the Melbourne airport by the scheduled start time.
Swift has not commented on her plans for the Super Bowl or a possible Kansas City parade.
When asked on Monday about his Valentine’s Day plans, Kelce said: “I’m not thinking about anything but this football game...There’s nothing in my mind that’s happening until this football game is over with.”
When Swift attended the wedding of producer Jack Antonoff in August 2023, a massive crowd of Swifties waited outside the venue, closing down a New Jersey street. Kansas City saw large crowds for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour stop in July 2023, which drew an average total of 144,000 for two concerts according to Statista.
Kansas City Police Department spokesperson Phil DiMartino wrote on Friday “anything at this point would still be in a planning phase.” Kansas City Sports Commission declined to provide information before the Super Bowl.
If a Kansas City Super Bowl parade were scheduled for Feb. 14, Taylor Swift could theoretically spend Valentine’s Day at the parade with Travis Kelce and then make it to her Melbourne show on time, though it would be tight.