Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The 2024 VMAs mark the singer's first appearance at the awards show. 

Suki Waterhouse made a dramatic entrance on the red carpet at the 2024 MTV VMAs in an all-black ensemble.

	The “Supersad” singer wore a form-fitting, ankle-length dress by Dolce & Gabbana with a sheer black layer. The skirt reached her high waist, connecting the bodice’s bottom cups with a slender strap, creating cutouts on the bodice and sides. She added a black feathered crop jacket and completed the look with black heels.

	Waterhouse is no stranger to playing with textile form on the red carpet. At the premiere of “Daisy Jones & The Six” in March of last year, she wore a sheer emerald green Stéphane Rolland gown with a low-rounded embellished neckline, completing the look with a bodysuit. 

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	In January, a pregnant Waterhouse attended the Emmy’s in a red cut-out Valentino dress from the designer’s 2023 couture collection. The dress featured an apron-style bodice, a full circle skirt with a train and a large bow at the waistline, complete with deep side pockets. Valentino redesigned the original narrower front panel and waistline to accommodate Waterhouse’s baby bump.




			You May Also Like		






	Waterhouse is set to be a presenter at the awards show alongside the likes of Halle Bailey, Tinashe and Paris Hilton, among others. 

	The MTV VMAs recognize the year’s best music videos, artists and songs. Megan Thee Stallion makes her hosting debut during the 2024 ceremony, held at the UBS Stadium in Elmont, New York on Sept. 11. Katy Perry will receive the honorary Video Vanguard Award, while performers include Sabrina Carpenter, Lenny Kravitz, Eminem and Karol G.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.