By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:47, 4 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:54, 5 October 2024   
 28
View  comments
Jade Thirlwall has said she wanted to wait until the right moment to step back into the spotlight following Little Mix's hiatus in 2022. 
The singer, 31, revealed during her latest cover shoot with Vogue Arabia, that she decided to reconnect with her roots before kick-starting her solo career. 
Jade spent time away from the spotlight to explore her mother’s Yemeni heritage and began to learn Arabic.
For the photo shoot, Jade commanded attention in a skin tight red gloved jumpsuit which she teamed a matching long fur coat. 
She also wore an all black hooded ensemble in another photo before slipping into a white knitted jumper.
Jade Thirlwall looks incredible in a new fashion shoot for Vogue Arabia as she says she wanted to wait until the right moment to step back into the spotlight following Little Mix 's hiatus 
The singer revealed during her latest cover shoot with Vogue Arabia , that she decided to reconnect with her roots before kick-starting her solo career
After returning to the studio Jade, admitted she experienced a creative block and went back and fourth to writing rooms for 18 months. 
It wasn't until she stopped caring what people thought and teamed up with Mike Sabath, Steph Jones, and Pablo Bowman, who have worked with the likes of Raye, Sabrina Carpenter, and Ellie Goulding, that the 'stars were aligned'. 
In July, Jade released her first solo track, Angel Of My Dreams which peaked at number seven in the charts and stayed in the top40 for the summer.
She said: 'I knew I was taking a bit of a risk with this song. I wasn't chasing a radio-friendly hit, I was pushing myself creatively, thinking outside the box. I know this song's a bit crazy.'
With the album slated for release next year and big plans for performing it live, Jade surprised fans by dropping new single Midnight Cowboy last week. 
The songstress revealed she wrote the 'badass bop' with Raye and Jonah Christian as she shared a short video to Instagram.
She wrote: 'Midnight Cowboy is out now! It’s been a crazy couple of months and seeing all the passion for Angel Of My Dreams has felt like such a fantasy.
'It's important to me that I keep sharing my artistry and hard work with the world, so I wanted to drop a track to hold you over until the next single.
Jade spent time away from the spotlight to explore her mother’s Yemeni heritage and began to learn Arabic
For the photo shoot, Jade commanded attention in a skin tight red gloved jumpsuit which she teamed a matching long fur coat
After returning to the studio Jade, admitted she experienced a creative block and went back and fourth to writing rooms for 18 months
It wasn't until she stopped caring what people thought and teamed up with Mike Sabath, Steph Jones, and Pablo Bowman, who have worked with the likes of Raye and Sabrina Carpenter, that the 'stars were aligned'
In July, Jade released her first solo track, Angel Of My Dreams and she said: 'I knew I was taking a bit of a risk with this song. I wasn't chasing a radio-friendly hit, I was pushing myself creatively, thinking outside the box. I know this song's a bit crazy'
'I wrote this a while back in a 2022 session with @raye and @jonahchristian.wav - I adore you both - thank you for creating this badass bop with me. Big ty @ncutigatwa for jumping on the track - you were perfect.
'@fa_fon_ you smashed this video love working with you so much that I didn’t mind freezing my tits off in a fountain in Walthamstow for you, choreography and movement by the incredible @asantewa'
Jade previously spoke about releasing solo music for the first time and said: 'We were together for 11 years. So every album cycle, I knew what to expect. But this process has been so different…
'I was so conditioned for so long to have that pressure of churning out music that I really had to reprogram myself to just exist with a less chaotic mindset and less pressure.
'My whole life had been scheduled. Little Mix would always have a year-long diary in place. To not have that anymore was so scary. But once I got over that, I was like: "This is really exciting. Now I write the diary."'
Recently Jade's former bandmate Perrie Edwards revealed the 'horrendous' regret Little Mix had that almost caused them to get back together prematurely following their split in 2022. 
Perrie admitted she, Jade and fellow bandmate Leigh-Anne Pinnock initially panicked after they 'put their foot down' to go solo.  
The band formed alongside Jesy Nelson on The X Factor in 2011, going on to win the show and achieve worldwide success.
However, after over a decade of working hard, Perrie admitted the girls were left 'bored out of our minds' after their split with all the free time they suddenly had.
Jade found fame after Little Mix won the X Factor in 2011 - pictured with bandmate Leigh-Anne Pinnock, Perrie Edwards, Jesy Nelson
Jade is the final Little Mix star to go solo and last week dropped new single Midnight Cowboy
The mother-of-one said that her, Leigh-Anne, 32, and Jade were texting each other saying they were 'sick' of sitting around. 
She recalled: 'I remember we sat at home and we were in a WhatsApp group and we were like, I'm bored. What are you up to today?
'And Leigh-Anne would be like, "I'm actually sick of this." And Jade's like, "Yeah, why did we push for this again?"
'And I'm like, "We've done it now, we have to see it through." Cause we were like, should we go back? Like, should we just, it was so weird. It was like, that was abnormal to us. 
'We were bored out of our minds, it was horrendous and now I love doing nothing. Like I'm really good at it. So I don't think I'd like struggle that much. I love working and I love also not working. So I think it's a good balance.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group