By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:50, 24 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:53, 24 February 2024   
 17
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo revealed she celebrated turning 21 by going out to buy cigarettes and beer. 
The Vampire singer, who had her milestone birthday on Tuesday, shared the anecdote during the opening night of her Guts World Tour in Palm Springs on Friday.
'I went to the gas station the other day and bought a pack of cigarettes and a six pack of beer,' she said during her show, part of which was shared via fan on TikTok.
However, the hitmaker added that she didn't 'consume' her purchases: 'I promise I didn't consume it, but I just bought it because I f*****g could.' 
The star then reassured her fans that growing up was not scary: 'Anyway, all this to say that I think growing up isn’t so scary after all and life just kind of gets better at the end.'
Olivia Rodrigo revealed she celebrated turning 21 by going out to buy cigarettes and beer, in an anecdote shared during the opening night of her Guts World Tour in Palm Springs on Friday
The Vampire singer, who had her milestone birthday on Tuesday, told the crowd: 'I went to the gas station the other day and bought a pack of cigarettes and a six pack of beer'
This whole thing had me like 🥺🥹😭 #oliviarodrigo #oliviarodrigoedit #gutstour #oliviarodrigoguts #tour #concert 
Rodrigo officially kicked off the tour in support of her second studio album on Friday at the Acrisure Arena in Thousand Palms, CA.
The three-time Grammy Award winner kicked off the much-anticipated concert with her song 'bad idea right?'.
She went on to perform a number of her other hits, including 'Sour' and 'traitor.'
Throughout the show she sizzled in a number of different costumes, including a white crop top with the phrase 'Just a girl' and shimmering silver micro shorts.
On Tuesday, the songstress repped her half-Filipino heritage wearing a Philippines T-shirt while enjoying a slice of cake at her balloon-filled birthday celebration.
The self-described 'Spicy Pisces' - who boasts 70.1M social media followers - captioned her post: '21! So grateful for all of the incredible things I've been able to experience so far and so excited for all the good times ahead! Thx 4 all the love!'
Olivia became a legal adult in the States at what appeared to be a rehearsal for her 77-date Guts World Tour considering the sound of the crowd and the professional band playing in the background.
She had just thrown herself a star-studded soirée on Monday night with three more birthday cakes.
However, the hitmaker added that she didn't 'consume' her purchases: 'I promise I didn't consume it, but I just bought it because I f*****g could'; seen at her show on Friday
The star then reassured her fans that growing up was not scary: 'Anyway, all this to say that I think growing up isn’t so scary after all and life just kind of gets better at the end'
Rodrigo officially kicked off the tour in support of her second studio album on Friday at the Acrisure Arena in Thousand Palms, CA
Olivia captioned her Instagram slideshow: 'Today is my last day of being able to underage drink (hypothetically)!'
Rodrigo put on quite a sideshow at the party while scantily clad in a panty-flashing, halter-neck LBD and matching heels.
The Can't Catch Me Now singer wore her brunette mane in a piecey updo and she rocked a Vampire-style shade on her lips.
Olivia made sure to invite her BFFs - Unstable actress Iris Apatow and The Brothers Sun actress Madison Hu - who both appeared in her music videos for Bad Idea Right and SOUR Prom.
Rodrigo's other party guests included Conan Gray, Tate McRae, Laroi, and FINNEAS.
The Cali-born pop star - who's soon releasing a limited-edition cookie with Crumbl - snacked on a cookie emblazoned with a pictured of herself as a child.
Curiously missing from the festivities was Olivia's alleged boyfriend since October - Argylle actor Louis Partridge - who posted two Instagram snaps of himself enjoying Disneyland on Monday.
And while the 20-year-old Englishman didn't share snaps of Rodrigo, she definitely enjoyed the 'happiest place on Earth' alongside Conan, Madison, and Iris on Monday.
Olivia repped her half-Filipino heritage wearing a Philippines T-shirt while enjoying a slice of cake at her balloon-filled 21st birthday celebration on Tuesday
The three-time Grammy winner had just thrown herself a star-studded soirée on Monday night with three more birthday cakes 
Olivia captioned her Instagram slideshow: 'Today is my last day of being able to underage drink (hypothetically)!' 
Rodrigo put on quite a sideshow at the party while scantily clad in a panty-flashing, halter-neck LBD and matching heels 
Curiously missing from the festivities was Olivia's alleged boyfriend since October - Argylle actor Louis Partridge - who posted two Instagram snaps of himself enjoying Disneyland on Monday 
The White House's Covid vaxx advocate previously ended her six-month fling with DJ/producer Zack Bia in August 2022 after her seven-month relationship with Proof of Love producer Adam Faze in February 2022.
And Olivia's famous 2021 hit Drivers License was said to be inspired by her love triangle with High School Musical: The Musical - The Series leading man Joshua Bassett and Sabrina Carpenter.
Rodrigo is next nominated for two trophies - international artist of the year and best international song - at the Brit Awards 2024, which air March 2 on ITV/ITVX/YouTube.
The brunette beauty - who gets 59.4M monthly listeners on Spotify - is also nominated for six trophies including song of the year at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, which air April 1 on Fox.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group