Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Near the beginning of Taylor Swift's song "Who's Afraid of Little Old Me?" the singer writes about being brought back from the brink of death. Well, the American Heart Association says that the song has the perfect tempo to literally save someone's life with hands-only CPR. 
On Oct. 25, the American Heart Association shared on Instagram that "Who's Afraid of Little Old Me?" has 120 beats per minute and falls within the right tempo range for hands-only CPR.
The organization told Swifities in the caption to memorize the song "because it could help you save a life." (We have a hunch that Swift's fans could already sing this song in their sleep.)
The organization previously posted this information in May on Instagram, about a month after "The Tortured Poets Department" album was released.
In that caption of that post, the organization wrote "You should be ... NOT afraid to save a life with Hands-Only CPR."
The Oct. 25 repost seems to be honoring Swift's upcoming concerts in New Orleans, which kick off Oct. 25.
Songs that range from 100 to 120 beats per minute help the person administering aid keep the correct pace while performing CPR. The American Heart Association has deemed a plethora of Swift's songs fit to administer the life-saving procedure.
The organization previously announced that Swift's "Tortured Poets Department" album has six other songs that are also viable candidates for hands-only CPR rhythm tracking: 
In 2023, "The Man" was added to the approved list of songs for hands-only CPR, despite being released in 2019.
The American Heart Association also recently noted that “Please Please Please,” by Sabrina Carpenter, who opened for Swift during the Latin American leg of the "Eras Tour," is also good for hands-only CPR.
Georgina is an editorial intern for TODAY.com, based in New York City.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.