Dolly Parton just praised Taylor Swift's "amazing" career after she was quizzed about the next generation of music icons.
In an interview with Variety, the country music legend was asked if there's any "new music" from artists such as Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter or Taylor Swift that "really struck a chord" with her as a songwriter, and Dolly had the perfect answer.
"I like them all. I'm proud of all the gals, and of course, Taylor Swift is amazing what she has done with her career," she replied. Dolly also revealed that she admires Taylor's approach to fame. "I just admire her very much and how she's handled her business, her personal life, and what all she has meant to so many young people."
The icon added: "[Taylor's] been a great inspiration. And Lord knows we need some uplifting people and things this day and time. So I’m proud of all of them. I’m old enough to feel like their Aunt or somebody that's kind of looking down and saying, ‘Yay, you go!’ I think they’re all great in their own way."
For her part, Taylor's never been shy about her admiration of Dolly. The 'Eras Tour' singer, who first rose to fame as a country artist, previously told Billboard: "Dolly is a force of evolution and transformation in our industry, but she does it with such playful levity it almost looks effortless.
"Her sense of humour and mischief are easily my favourite things about her, because I think it forces the world to reconcile that a woman can be a serious artist and writer who also has raucous fun with it, can make people laugh and be in on every joke."
Taylor added: "She's a legendary empath and the storyteller for the ages. She’s also having the most fun doing it."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.