Barry Keoghan has seemingly responded to rumours that he cheated on Sabrina Carpenter with TikTok star Breckie Hill. 
 The news of pop star Sabrina, 25, and actor Barry, 32, "taking a break" was only announced on December 4, but keyboard warriors claimed that Barry had been unfaithful after he was spotted with Breckie in a hotel in Hollywood. Barry took to Twitter today to clear his name, and stand against the "lies and hatred" spread about him from trolls on social media. 
 "I can only sit and take so much. My name has been dragged across the internet in ways I usually don't respond too.  I have to respond now because it's gettin to a place where there are too many lines being crossed," he wrote. "I deactivated my account because I can no longer let this stuff distract from my family and my work. The messages I have received no person should ever have to read them. Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent and every other inhumane thing you can imagine." 
 The Saltburn star continued: "Dragging my character and everything I worked extremely hard for and stand for.  Talking about how I was a heroine baby and how I grew up and dragging my dear mother into it also. Knocking on my grannies door. Sitting outside my baby boys house intimidating them. That's crossing a line. 
"Each and every day I work harder to push myself on every level to be the healthiest and strongest person for that boy. I want to provide opportunities for him to learn, fail and grow. I want him to be able to look up to his daddy, to have full trust in me and know I will have his back no matter what."
 Barry concluded: "I need you to remember he has to read ALL of this about his father when he is older.  Please be respectful to all. Thank u x" 
 The Irish star was talking about his son, two-year-old Brando, whom he shares with his ex-girlfriend Alyson Kierans, who works as a dentist in London. Barry recently lashed out at fans for suggesting he was snubbing his son in favour of the Hollywood life, and leaving all parenting to London dentist Alyson. 
 While speaking on Louis Theroux's podcast last month, Barry opened up about growing up in foster care and his mother's death from a drug addiction, and took umbrage with accusations he was a “deadbeat dad.” "If I didn’t have tough skin or the strength to have, I wouldn’t be sitting here. Of course, (my childhood is) going to affect me being a father when I had no blueprint to take from. People just read that (as) laziness and go, ‘Oh, that’s no excuse to be an absent father’. I’m not an absent father,” he assured Louis. 
 When Barry and Sabrina's split was announced, an insider old People : "They are both young and career-focused, so they've decided to take a break." The insider added that the split was amicable, and suggested that the couple wasn't over for good. 
 * Follow Mirror Celebs on  Snapchat  ,  Instagram  ,  Twitter  ,  Facebook  ,  YouTube  and  Threads  . 
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox