By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:12, 4 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:48, 4 October 2024   
 17
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter did her best to prove that she was singing for real during a performance of her hit Espresso on The Tonight Show.
The 25-year-old singer recently kicked off her Short n' Sweet Tour, but just days earlier a fan took to TikTok accusing her of lip syncing.
The singer clapped back, commenting, 'I sing live every show 100% would you like to speak to my audio engineers.' 
During her performance, between verses, she said, 'Holy...' before singing on Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon's desk.
Fans were quick to praise the singer in comments on The Tonight Show's TikTok page, defending her against these lip-syncing allegations.
Sabrina Carpenter did her best to prove that she was singing for real during a performance of her hit Espresso on The Tonight Show
The 25-year-old singer recently kicked off her Short n' Sweet Tour, but just days earlier a fan took to TikTok accusing her of lip syncing
anabanananaaa said, 'Love this Polly pocket cutie,' while Nuka Sunshine said, 'Lipstick on the mic is so real. I love her so much.'
Amely added, 'Sabrina totally crushed it! Vibes are immaculate,' whle Kapria said, '“that’s that me espresso” we all say in unison
Julia said, 'Sabrina totally crushed it with Espresso! Her vibe is unmatched,' while alexisreda said, 'MY POLLY POCKET PRINCESS QUEEN
A TikTok user said, 'Sabrina killed it with Espresso! Such a vibe!' in a comment on The Tonight Show post.
ellievey8 said, 'A coffee lover's dream,' with a coffee emoji while Faith said, 'That voice is pure magic! Espresso vibes hit different when you perform like that. Keep slaying it!'
Another fan Julie said, 'Sabrina totally nailed it! Her vibe is unmatched,' while anna tran said, 'now THIS is her real hair.'
nathalie._.g could only muster, 'oh,' whlie Caitlyn Page said, 'Never skip a Sabrina video.
bobthebuilder added, 'WHO IS THIS DIVA,' while MegaMind said, 'My favorite Polly pocket.
anabanananaaa said, 'Love this Polly pocket cutie,' while Nuka Sunshine said, 'Lipstick on the mic is so real. I love her so much'
ellievey8 said, 'A coffee lover's dream,' with a coffee emoji while Faith said, 'That voice is pure magic! Espresso vibes hit different when you perform like that. Keep slaying it!' 
Another fan Julie said, 'Sabrina totally nailed it! Her vibe is unmatched,' while anna tran said, 'now THIS is her real hair'
Grace g added, 'her mic was on! so cute,' whlie sarabales43 added, 'She's so fun!' in her comment
Flawsome Tara said, 'Sabrina carpenter is so genuinely talented with the voice of an angel!!!'
Grace g added, 'her mic was on! so cute,' whlie sarabales43 added, 'She's so fun!' in her comment.
Flawsome Tara said, 'Sabrina carpenter is so genuinely talented with the voice of an angel!!!'
Jessica added, 'I love the key change,' another hint that Carpenter was singing live, despite the lip-syncing accusations.
Carpenter's Short n' Sweet tour continues Saturday, October 5 at the CFG Bank Arena in Baltimore. 
 This all came on the heels of rumors that Sabrina has dumped her latest boyfriend, Saltburn hunk Barry Keoghan, over his 'party animal' lifestyle. 
Barry and Sabrina were linked late last year, as he became a Hollywood heartthrob for his smoldering performance in Saltburn.
They confirmed they were an item at a Grammys party in February, but they largely refrained from discussing each other in public.
Last week, a source claimed they had broken up about three weeks prior because she had grown exasperated with the way he behaves under the influence.
'Barry acts like an idiot when he is drunk and Sabrina was getting increasingly frustrated,' an insider claimed of the split.
This all came on the heels of rumors that Sabrina has dumped her latest boyfriend, Saltburn hunk Barry Keoghan, over his 'party animal' lifestyle
Barry and Sabrina were linked late last year, as he became a Hollywood heartthrob for his smoldering performance in Saltburn
'Barry acts like an idiot when he is drunk and Sabrina was getting increasingly frustrated,' an insider claimed of the split
'He has always been a party animal and Sabrina was fed up with his antics. She is soaring in the charts and is putting herself first as she gears up for her tour next month,' the source added to The Sun.
Shortly thereafter an insider explained that Barry and Sabrina have conducted an 'on and off' relationship, according to People magazine.
Sabrina allegedly first met Barry in September 2023, months before reports started swirling that he had split from his longtime girlfriend Alyson Kierans.
Alyson and Barry, who welcomed a son called Brando in August 2022, are thought to have broken up over the summer of last year.
A source told The Sun Barry's 'partying caused arguments' between the pair, who had 'grown apart over recent months and things have finally come to a head.'
When Barry was asked about the split in GQ early this year, he said only that Alyson had 'done a great job and she’s an incredible mother.' 
Sabrina first saw her dating life become a hot topic during the summer of 2020, when she was rumored to be in a love triangle with Joshua Bassett and his High School Musical: The Musical: The Series co-star Olivia Rodrigo.
The following year, Olivia poured fuel on the fire by releasing her runaway smash hit single Driver's License, which was widely thought to be about Joshua and Sabrina.
'And you're probably with that blonde girl, who always made me doubt. She's so much older than me,' sang Olivia, who is nearly four years younger than Sabrina.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group