ByDahvi Shira
ByDahvi Shira,
 Contributor. 
Variation of complexion makeup products, including foundation, concealer and powder
Spring and summer 2024 marked a distinct moment in time for beauty. Editors’ inboxes were flooded with the launch of every reinvented shade of blush on the color wheel, along with every variation of lip nourishment that could conceivably exist. From balms to glosses to oils and more, traditional lipsticks and heavy complexion makeup were an afterthought—if any thought at all. Demand for blushes and balms was so high during these peak months that notable brands even stepped away from their signature aesthetic to meet consumers’ requests.
Upon launching June’s Summer Color Collection—which included two vibrant lip and cheek trios—REFY co-founder Jess Hunt called the release “quite crazy,” given that her brand is “muted and simplistic.”
In fact, in August, Vogue went as far as calling blush “makeup’s comeback kid.” Marie Claire echoed those sentiments that same month. According to research company Glimpse, interest in liquid blush, specifically, grew 18% compared to 2023, putting it at a volume of 50,000 searches per month, as of July 2024.
And from just 2023 to the end of 2024 alone, the lip gloss market size will have grown from $3.56 billion to $3.77 billion, with an astounding compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.1%. According to The Business Research Company, which assembled the report, the exceptional rise can be attributed to the expansion of online beauty communities, heightened popularity of mix-and-match beauty products and growth in cosmetic advertising.
“I think blushes and lip balms were huge because people were embracing the hot, sexy, juicy looks that are brought alive by these products,” says Kosas founder Sheena Zadeh, whose Blush Is Life summer launch went viral. “Flushed cheeks are the fastest way to look alive and healthy. Lip balms are the perfect complement to that—a soft, sexy, juicy lip that can last throughout any activity and offer nourishing skincare benefits.”
Ciele Cosmetics co-founder Nikki DeRoest says the blush and balm craze can be attributed to the rise of minimalistic, natural beauty looks focused on skincare, along with celebrity influence. “With Rhode launching blushes and Sabrina Carpenter rocking beautiful flushed cheeks, they helped set those trends,” she says.
As we move out of the sunny, skin-baring months and into September, we not only approach the onset of fall, but also a new wave of beauty launches—namely in the complexion category. With blurring products leading the pack, Tower 28’s GetSet Press Powder, Kosas’ Cloud Set Brightening Powder and Rare Beauty’s True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder are among the recently launched, multi-shade pressed powders that promise to not only set the skin, but smooth out the appearance of imperfections.
Referring to the look as “cloud skin”—a nod to her new three-shade selection of powders—Zadeh says it “combines the best of matte and dewy looks for a soft, ethereal, cloud-like glow. As the weather cools, people often want a balance between the dewy glow of summer and the more matte, velvety finishes that are ideal for fall. Cloud skin offers a soft, diffused look that feels fresh yet cozy.”
DeRoest thinks of fall as a refresh and a time to get back on track, much like the regular school year. And that comes down to makeup choices as well.
“I think during the summer, maybe we weren't spending as much time on makeup ‘looks’ or putting as much focus into our routines,” she says. “Fall, however, is like a reset. I've always felt like it's my New Year. Complexion-focused feels grounding, it feels responsible, and it feels... demure? People want to start polishing up, putting their best foot forward, and focusing on all the exciting things that come with a season change.”
Among that excitement is the launch of Ciele’s 20-shade Conceal & Protect SPF 50+, which coincides with the brand’s one-year anniversary.
“With complexion at the core of the brand, it only made sense to round out the category with another first-of-its-kind formula that will become a staple in everyone’s daily routine,” says the brand’s co-founder Cerre Francis. The launch felt like a celebration of all that Ciele stands for: high-level SPF clean makeup that performs.”
The innovative launch accompanies additional new complexion releases, including Westman Atelier’s blurring and brightening Vital Skincare Concealer , Patrick Ta’s Major Skin Hydra-Luxe Luminous Skin Perfecting Foundation and One/Size’s brand new 38-shade Turn Up the Base Full Beat Liquid Foundation.
Flushed cheek fans fear not—DeRoest doesn’t believe blushes are totally out.
“Cheeks and blush are not going anywhere, but the tone will be changing to a blonzer shade,” she says. “Think if blush and bronzer had a baby—more ruddy, more burgundy.”
Speaking of fall makeup trends that extend outside of complexion products, the celebrity makeup artist—who works with Kate Bosworth, Barbara Palvin and Phoebe Dynevor—predicts the lip category will embrace a brand new trend altogether.
“I think lips will go beyond just burgundies, chocolates, and reds,” she says. “We’ll also see a new finish, which is a blurred lip line. It's a huge trend in Asia, and I think we will see more of it in the fall.”
The impending trend is something that’s been recently tackled by REFY, which just launched a six-shade Blur Liner selection.
If what DeRoest anticipates is true, it’ll be an eventful season for more than just complexion makeup, because she also forsees edgy eye looks. “I think it’ll be a grunge fall,” she says. “Smokey, sultry, lived in, a touch of rock and roll, and a touch of Kate Moss from the ‘90s. Not too polished, not too fussy, but a lot of impact.”