Getty
If you ever find yourself on a first date with Olivia Rodrigo, she has a unique, “oddly specific” question she’ll ask to see if you’re compatible.
“The biggest red flag, okay, this is a very oddly specific question that I ask guys on first dates,” Olivia, 21, revealed her dating “red flags” in an interview with Netflix posted on Instagram on Friday, November 1. “I always ask them if they would want to go to space.”
The “Vampire” singer said if her date replied with a “yes,” she wouldn’t consider dating them further. “I just think if you want to go to space, you’re a little too full of yourself,” she explained.
Louis Partridge has seemingly passed all of Olivia’s “red flag” questions as she was first spotted making out with the actor, 21, in the streets of New York in December 2023.
“They’ve been quietly dating for a few months,” a source exclusively told Life & Style at the time after the couple connected through mutual friends. “They started texting and talking on the phone before realizing they’ve got something here.”
The relationship with the Enola Holmes star follows her split from Zack Bia in 2022. The couple first sparked romance rumors in February 2022 after being seen hanging out together at a Super Bowl party. Their relationship quickly “fizzled out” by that June, with a source exclusively telling Life & Style that “there were no issues” as “they both have different work schedules and different friend groups.”
“They were casually dating but haven’t spent time together in a while,” the insider concluded.
Before her romance with Zack, sources confirmed to People that Olivia split from her ex-boyfriend Adam Faze in February 2022 after less than one year of dating. However, fans started to wonder if she had actually split from the film producer, 27, months prior in December 2021, after she opened up to British Vogue about what she had “learned” from prior breakups.
“Besides cutting off all contact, I think it’s important to not only forgive them but forgive yourself for letting everything happen,” the “Traitor” artist said at the time.
However, Olivia’s most well known romance was rumored to be her High School Musical: The Series costar Joshua Bassett. The duo first met on the set of the Disney+ series in 2019 and seemingly split one year later.
Although neither publicly confirmed nor denied their alleged romance, fans became convinced that her songs from her debut album, Sour, were about Joshua, 23, and his rumored girlfriend at the time, Sabrina Carpenter — specifically, Olivia’s single “Driver’s License.”
The “get him back!” artist has not discussed the inspiration behind the famous track. However, lyrics from the hit include “that blonde girl” and “she’s so much older than me.” She did allude to the drama in her Disney+ documentary Driving Home to You, which premiered in March 2022.
“There was so much drama that was around ‘Driver’s License’ and so much hate, I thought if I put out [‘Deja Vu’] that I was also playing into this drama, love triangle, let’s hate on other girls thing,” she said in one scene of the film. “I just did not want to do that. And that was, again, [I] never write any of my songs from that point of view ‘cause that’s not something that I feel.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: