Michelle Nayla, a plus-size social media influencer with 637,000 followers, is advocating for body positivity this autumn on her Instagram account @michellejulietnaylaa.
The brunette beauty shared a video of herself clad in a snug brown underwear set, questioning her audience with text overlay: "Do you have a belly and big arms, and dressing up for autumn feels like a struggle?"
She reassured her viewers by saying, "Me too let's get dressed," before showcasing her chosen attire.
Michelle slipped into grey shorts paired with a black strapless tie-top complemented by knee-high boots, silver jewellery, and a plum bag. She then confidently walked and posed to Sabrina Carpenter's 'Good Graces'.
With the clip, she penned the caption: "If you struggle with finding confidence in clothes here is my advice for you."
Continuing her message, Michelle explained that concealing one's insecure body parts isn't always the best approach. She added: "We often think that the best way to deal with body parts we struggle with is to hide them. But I’ve learned that true confidence comes from highlighting the parts I love and not letting what usually dims my confidence take over.
"By focusing on what I appreciate about my body, I’ve been able to step out of my comfort zone, little by little."
The post quickly gained popularity, garnering over 9,000 likes from fans. One enthusiastic follower commented: "Yes girl! little by little we can love every inch of our body," while another fan praised: "Love that outfit, especially the top."
Other fans joined in, saying: "You make every outfit look good," and "stunning". As well as fashion, Michelle's social media account features a mix of fashion, travel, and personal content, including updates with her partner.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.