She's not working late, because she's on vacation! After a true whirlwind of a year so far, Sabrina Carpenter enjoyed some well-deserved time off on vacation and let her natural hair texture shine while she relaxed in France.
Carpenter shared a handful of pics from her travels, including horseback riding, cooking, enjoying the pastoral scenery, and hanging out with friends. She took a break from her signature glam—the big, fluffy blonde blowout, flushed pink cheeks, and glossy lips—in favor of no makeup and literal beach waves. In one photo, the singer poses in a red one-piece with her hair long and loose waves falling over her shoulders. In another, her hair is gathered into an undone, messy half-braid, and in another shot, she wears it in loose pigtail braids while making dinner. Her curtain bangs are present and accounted for, but instead of blown out and curled with a Velcro roller for extra oomph, they're air dried in subtle waves.
Though she's bare-faced in a few pics, Carpenter is wearing a little makeup in some of the photos; it's all about bold brows, a hint of sunny blush, and some lip gloss, but little to no eye makeup. “My give a f**ks are euhhh how do u say,” she captioned the carousel, a cheeky nod to the line from “Espresso."
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
To say the singer has had a big year is a major understatement. She's everywhere: on the top of the pop charts, on the Met Gala red carpet, at Coachella, touring with Taylor Swift, walking the runway at Vogue World in a 1950s starlet scarf and red lipstick combo, you name it! (Honestly, that scarf would be right at home with this Frenchified vacation vibe.) We love Carpenter's much-copied glam routine, but it's always fun to see our favorite celebs let their hair down for some R 'n R.
More celebrity vacation looks:
Now, watch Sabrina try 9 new things:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices