John Legend performs on stage at the Pre-Grammy Gala And Salute To Industry Icons at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Saturday, Jan. 25, 2020, in Beverly Hills, Calif.Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP
John Legend will perform in Upstate New York at the Saratoga Performing Arts Center (SPAC) in Saratoga Springs, NY on Wednesday, August 7 (featuring The Philadelphia Orchestra) and at The Event Center at Turning Stone Resort Casino in Verona, NY on Saturday, August 10.
The 12-time Grammy Award-winner and multi-platinum singer-songwriter promises a special night of songs and stories. Experience intimate reimaginings of his greatest hits (“All of Me,” “Ordinary People,” “Tonight”), unexpected stories from Legend’s life and career and selections from his most recent release “Legend” (“Nervous,” “Wonder Woman”).
You can purchase tickets for Legend’s Saratoga Springs show online via SPAC’s website, Ticketmaster for his Verona show or through secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, where you can find prices below face value.
Here’s a look at the best resale options available:
Wednesday, August 7 - SPAC
Saturday, August 10 - The Event Center at Turning Stone Resort Casino
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
A complete list of Legend’s tour dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? John Legend isn’t the only touring artists. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Imagine Dragons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices