Now *this* is what dreams are made of... 🧊
As spooky szn draws to a close, we're spending the day after all Hallows' eve looking through our favourite celebrities Halloween costumes from this year's festivities. Sophie Turner kicked things off early last weekend in a sexy Matrix look, Heidi Klum went scary as a giant, realistic E.T. *shudders* and Amelia Dimoldenberg earns a special mention for her hilarious take on Roz from Monster's Inc. All iconic costumes in their own way.
While celebs dressing as other celebs seemed to be a common theme of the evening (hi EmRata channelling JLo!) we also spied another niche common thread connecting Kendall and Kylie Jenner's sister costume with Sabrina Carpenter's ensemble for October 31st.
First up, Sabrina. The ‘Taste’ hitmaker posted a TikTok of her look: the iconic igloo dress from The Lizzie McGuire Movie and honestly, we're kind of jealous we didn't think of it first. 
Recreating the fan-favourite scene from the 2003 Disney film, Sabrina can be seen posing in the dress with the song ‘Supermodel’ by Taylor Dayne playing over the top of the clip, just as it does at the same moment in the movie. Shout-out to Sabrina's best friend Paloma Sandoval who walks through wearing a purple vest and headset that could only be Ms. Ungermeyer.
Sabrina added fur-trimmed white gloves and white platform OTK boots to complete the look. She hilariously captioned her TikTok video, “sneaky brown noser with a hidden agenda ;)” in yet a further reference to the film.
Sab stepped out in multiple looks this Halloween thanks to her Short n' Sweet Tour stop in Dallas, Texas. She swapped her usual Swarovski-embellished Victoria's Secret lingerie for a Playboy Bunny look before changing into a black catsuit to perform ‘Feather’ as Bad Sandy from Grease.
Later in her set, she traded her usual chainmail skirt set for a Tinkerbell-inspired look and light-up fairy wings to perform ‘Juno’. 
As for how Kendall and Kylie also got in on The Lizzie McGuire Movie costume trend? Thanks to Kendall's newly dyed blonde hair, she was the perfect candidate to take on the role of Lizzie McGuire while Kylie embodied Lizzie's brunette doppelganger, Isabella Parigi.
This is SO. GOOD.
Cue us singing ‘What Dreams Are Made Of’ in our heads for the rest of the day...
Sam is an assistant news editor at Cosmo, covering all things pop culture, entertainment, and celebrity news. She previously covered those same topics along with health, lifestyle, and beauty at Seventeen. When she isn't catching a concert or live-tweeting awards shows, you can likely find her judging DJ sets at parties.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.