Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The 25-year-old pop star is rounding out her banner summer with yet another accolade: Her first No. 1 album on the Billboard 200. 

							By 

	Nicole Fell


Sabrina Carpenter officially has her first No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart. 

	On Tuesday, Billboard announced that the 25-year-old singer’s latest release, Short N’ Sweet, had debuted at No. 1 on this week’s chart. The accomplishment marks Carpenter’s first No. 1 album of her career.



	Carpenter’s latest single “Taste” debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, with her pre-release singles “Please Please Please” and “Espresso” snagging the third and fourth spots. All 12 tracks made it onto the chart, raning from No. 2 to No. 41. She joins Taylor Swift and Ariana Grande as the only women to chart at least three songs on the chart’s top five simultaneously, according to Billboard. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	The 12-track album had the year’s third-best opening week, according to Billboard, with 362,000 equivalent album units. Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department (2.61 million equivalent album units) and Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter (407,000 equivalent album units) hold the No. 1 and No. 2 spot, respectively. 

Short N’ Sweet had been highly anticipated ahead of its release. Carpenter shared a snippet of “Taste” via Instagram the day before its release using the social media platform’s latest update that allows users to add a song to their profile. 

	The “Taste” music video made quite a splash online. The artful yet gory music video kicks off with a content warning before showing Carpenter choosing from an assortment of weapons, hauntingly singing “Rock-a-bye baby, snug in your bed / Right now you are sleeping / And soon you’ll be… dead.” The pop star then takes a moment to apply lipstick in the reflection of a large knife.

	Throughout the delightfully campy video, Carpenter and Jenna Ortega, quite literally, fight to the death over what appears to be Ortega’s current boyfriend and Carpenter’s ex. A chorus of “Heard you’re back together and if that’s true / You’ll just have to taste me when he’s kissing you” set the scene while the two young starlets try to take each other out using shotguns, knives, chainsaws, voodoo dolls and more.

	Carpenter and Ortega even share a kiss in the video, leading to the death of the boyfriend. The duo, dressed in all black, stand in front of his casket, before eventually walking off together as pals, laughing and drinking milkshakes.

	










	The 25-year-old singer scored her first No. 1 single on the Billboard Hot 100 in June with the viral track “Please Please Please,” which serves as Short n’ Sweet‘s second single. The first single, “Espresso,” has been on the chart for 20 weeks, having peaked at No. 2 earlier in the summer.

	Carpenter is also expected to perform at the upcoming MTV VMAs, which have moved to Sept. 11 from its previously announced Sept. 10 air date. The move is an effort to prevent the award show from airing at the same time as the upcoming presidential debate.

	The pop star’s sold-out Short n’ Sweet Tour will kick off this fall in Columbus, Ohio. Los Angeles will be the North American tour’s last stop, with a show at the Crypto.com Arena on Nov. 15 and two shows at the Kia Forum on Nov. 17 and 18.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.