We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The couple went Met Gala-official.
Saltburn star Barry Keoghan and 'Espresso' singer Sabrina Carpenter have made their red carpet debut at the Met Gala.
The couple stepped out for fashion's biggest event of the year, held on the first Monday in May and seeing celebrities flocking to New York City in their best party attires.
Carpenter and Keoghan stuck to this year's Met Gala theme, The Garden of Time, to celebrate the Met's Costume Institute's new exhibition, titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.
Related: Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Chris Hemsworth and all the celebrity looks from Met Gala 2024
The two stars arrived to the event together but posed on the famed staircase separately before reuniting afterwards. 
Carpenter rocked a strapless Oscar de la Renta gown, whose black bodice transitioned into a dramatic, ruffled pale blue train. 
Meanwhile, Keoghan wore a Burberry olive green, velvet suit accented with a top hat and pocket watch in a look that fans described as inspired by Alice in Wonderland's Mad Hatter.
After his Saltburn success, Keoghan will next be seen in Bird, Andrea Arnold's upcoming movie set to be presented at Cannes Film Festival later this month.
Related: Barry Keoghan's 'creepy' first TV role remembered by Vogue Williams
Bird also stars Passages' Franz Rogowski and will screen In Competition for a chance to earn the prestigious Palme d'Or, Cannes' top prize. Plot details are being kept under wraps, but it was revealed that the film shot last summer in Kent.
Keoghan will also star in Irish thriller Bring Them Down opposite Poor Things' Christopher Abbott, as well as Paul Ready, Colm Meaney, Nora-Jane Noone and Susan Lynch.
The movie follows the last son of a shepherding family who is haunted by a terrible secret and is forced to face his past amid a conflict with a rival farmer.
Saltburn is available to stream now on Prime Video.
Reporter, Digital Spy
Stefania is a freelance writer specialising in TV and movies. After graduating from City University, London, she covered LGBTQ+ news and pursued a career in entertainment journalism, with her work appearing in outlets including Little White Lies, The Skinny, Radio Times and Digital Spy. 
Her beats are horror films and period dramas, especially if fronted by queer women. She can argue why Scream is the best slasher in four languages (and a half). 
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
Emmerdale's Ruby confirms Joe and Noah truth
Blue Prince creator is "relieved" the game is out
Emmerdale’s Lawrence Robb teases danger for John
Emmerdale boss confirms three major storylines
Emmerdale confirms returning figure in April story
Emmerdale's John Sugden to get two huge shocks
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.