Gracie Abrams performs, Monday, Aug. 7, 2023, at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles.AP Photo/Chris Pizzello
Gracie Abrams will perform her third show at New York City’s Radio City Music Hall tonight, October 14. The concert starts at 8 p.m.
Originally scheduled for Sunday, October 6, following her two shows on October 4 and 5, Abrams postponed the final of three shows to tonight due to a vocal injury.
Her Philadelphia show at The Met Philadelphia on Tuesday, October 8, was also postponed to Tuesday, October 15.
Special guest Role Model will no longer be opening due to scheduling conflicts.
“Thank you for all your kind words and well wishes yesterday — I was hoping to be recovered for tomorrow night’s show in Philly, but am unfortunately still struggling with the vocal injury and am not cleared to perform yet," Abrams wrote on her Instagram stories.
“Your time and energy mean the world to me and I can’t wait to thank you in person next week if you can make it."
Although the New York City concert is completely sold out, resale tickets are available for purchase on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees. 
Tickets purchased for the previous shows are still valid for the new shows.
Here’s a look at the best prices available (including fees):
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
New York City and Philadelphia will be Abrams' final two U.S. tour stops on “The Secret of Us Tour.” After that, she will join Taylor Swift as the opener for the final leg of “The Eras Tour” in Miami, New Orleans, Indianapolis and Toronto. 
In the following spring, Abrams will head overseas for her European and U.K. leg.
A complete list of Abrams tour dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? Abrams isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Oasis, Coldplay, Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter and Dua Lipa.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices