Selena Gomez is staying humble after garnering a net worth of $1.3 billion thanks to her Rare Beauty makeup brand. 
The “Only Murders in the Building” star refused to boast about her recent success while talking with “Entertainment Tonight” on the New York Film Festival red carpet Monday.
“I personally think it’s distasteful to talk about money,” she said. “But I really am giving all the credit to the people who buy the products.”
“They’re the ones that made this dream of mine come true,” the 32-year-old businesswoman added. “So I’m really really honored and just happy.”
Last month, Bloomberg reported the actress’ net worth skyrocketed to $1.3 billion, with a “vast bulk” of her money coming from her beauty company.
Gomez launched Rare Beauty in 2019 and Rare Beauty Impact Fund a year later.
The beauty company was built on the foundation of mental health and strives to address the stigma around the topic and provide people with the resources they need. 
According to the website, the “Who Says” singer’s foundation raised more than $7 million in 2023 and $5 million the year before.
Bloomberg also credited Gomez’s billion-dollar success to her acting and singing career, real estate portfolio, brand endorsements and Wondermind investment.
“Selena is not just a pop star,” Stacy Jones, a marketing expert, told the outlet. “She’s a multifaceted businesswoman with diverse income streams contributing to her impressive net worth.”
The “Lose You to Love Me” songstress’ career is on a continuous high as she prepares for the release of her 2024 film, “Emilia Pérez,” and is set to head back to film Season 5 of “Only Murders in the Building.”
The Emmy-nominated artist is also the third most-followed person on Instagram with 424 million followers.
She reportedly makes around $30 million per social media advertisement deal.
Gomez’s BFF Taylor Swift also reportedly earned her billionaire status last year after she embarked on her sold-out Eras Tour.
The “Lover” songstress’ net worth, however, might be more as she added more tour dates and released new music this year.
Advertisement