By Denise Petski 
Senior Managing Editor

EXCLUSIVE: Gunpowder & Sky, the production company behind Sabrina Carpenter: A VR Concert and  Showtime’s Sheryl is teaming with pop and reality TV star Jessica Simpson on a multi-part documentary about the musician, entrepreneur, philanthropist and best-selling author.

	Production is currently underway on the documentary, which is described as a raw, intimate and unprecedented look into Simpson’s personal journey, “revealing private moments, exploring the recent highs and lows of her life including personal revelations, successes, and heartbreaks that have never been shared with the public before.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'The Longest Yard' Movie Remake In The Works At Paramount From Gunpowder & Sky; Rodney Barnes To Write		
			















	Documentary
	



	
		
					Myspace Doc In The Works With Gunpowder & Sky & The Documentary Group		
			







	The documentary will feature interviews with those closest to her, including Simpson herself, and chronicle her return to music in more than a decade. “With exclusive access to Jessica’s own personally shot, never-before-seen footage, the doc will dive deeper than ever into how Simpson continues to evolve artistically, defy labels, and persevere in the face of major adversity.” The docu “will follow her walking through transition and life challenges once again, as she returns to herself and makes her way to the other side of pain, inspiring others to know that they can do the same.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	The project reunites Simpson with her longtime collaborator, Gunpowder & Sky CEO Van Toffler, with whom she worked on the MTV reality show Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica. The show, which followed the marriage of then-husband-and-wife Nick Lachey and Simpson, aired from 2003-2005 on MTV.

	“Having had the pleasure of meeting Jessica while I was at MTV – during her burgeoning music career and amidst the tempest that surrounded her during Newlyweds – I’ve seen her bravely wear her heart on her sleeve and punch back with unyielding honesty,” said Toffler, CEO of Gunpowder & Sky. “Her journey, like most great novels, has seen the highest peaks and profound valleys, yet through it all, she has persisted and flourished. It’s a privilege to collaborate with her in telling her story.”

	The doc will also include a behind-the-scenes look at how the Jessica Simpson Collection, now a billion-dollar global company, became what is considered to be the most successful celebrity licensing brand in history; her religious upbringing; overcoming both her and her parents’ divorce and surviving abuse. It also will examine other details from Simpson’s 2020 No. 1 New York Times bestselling memoir, Open Book.

	










	“I am very humbled to team up with Gunpowder & Sky and Van Toffler, who has been a longtime collaborator and supporter of mine, to make a documentary series that is entirely real, raw and more personal than anything I have done before,” said Simpson. “In releasing my memoir, Open Book, I was moved to learn just how much people saw themselves in my story.  I am ready to share a lot that has happened in my life since that book was published, including an artistic journey and return to music inspired by pain and betrayal as well as beauty and forgiveness. I am looking forward to reconnecting and sharing my heart with all those who might need it in the hope that we can inspire each other and move forward on our parallel journeys.”

Gunpowder & Sky will produce the docu alongside Paisley Productions with the Oscar-nominated Laura Checkoway (Edith+Eddie, The Cave of Adullam)set to direct.

	Gunpowder & Sky is currently in production on projects including a Myspace documentary, along with the original leaders, and current owners, Tim and Chris Vanderhook, with Tommy Avallone (I Love You, You Hate Me, The Bill Murray Stories: Life Lessons Learned from a Mythical Man, I Am Santa Claus and Waldo on Weed) directing. The studio is also in production on a new documentary on Boy Bands; two audio music stories, “Lighters in the Sky” and “Shelved”; and multiple VR projects following the recent success of the Sabrina Carpenter: A VR Concert produced by Gunpowder & Sky, in partnership with Meta.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.