Taylor Swift’s tour opener Sabrina Carpenter traveled from Singapore to Los Angeles just to make Oscars night—and have her event debut with her boyfriend, Barry Keoghan. The couple confirmed their relationship while posing together at the Vanity Fair Oscar party. Carpenter wore a black Tory Burch dress with a sheer skirt. Keoghan, meanwhile, was dapper in a tweed jacket and black pants.
Carpenter and Keoghan posed on the official red carpet at the same time but not together:
The two stars had been sparking dating rumors for some time. Keoghan was seen in Singapore watching Carpenter’s Eras Tour show performance. She was even filmed running into his arms after one.
Keoghan returned to Los Angeles this week and wore a friendship bracelet with “Sabrina” on it, another clear nod to his partner. He was most recently seen wearing it last night at MPTF’s 22nd Annual Night Before party:
In early February, Carpenter spoke to Maya Hawke for Interview about how, just two years before, she’d been far from being in a happy relationship.
“I was at a really, really low point in my life about two years ago, so I was writing very few optimistic love songs,” she acknowledged. “That one [“Nonsense”] always stuck out, but I felt like it might discredit some of the songs on the album [Emails I Can’t Send] that were about more sensitive subjects, so it almost didn’t make it in. People in the past had told me my music didn’t have symmetry, that I didn’t have every song sounding the same, and that got in my head. So I’m grateful, because the fans decided on their own that it meant something to them.”
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.