Manage your account
Alice Baxley/AppleMusic
Coachella 2025's lineup was just announced and it seems tailored-made to put the "festivals are dead" idea to rest, boasting one of the most exciting and diverse bills in the desert fest's history. With big names like Lady Gaga, Green Day and Post Malone headlining each night, the festival also offers huge pop stars like Charli XCX, Megan thee Stallion and Los Angeles mag cover boy Benson Boone in secondary slots, plus legacy dance music artists like Missy Elliot, Basement Jaxx and Kraftwerk. There's even some legendary punk (The Misfits and The Circe Jerks) and new wave (The Go-Go's), the later of which marks an overlap booking with Goldenvoice/AEG's other big festival, Cruel World. While pop newbies like Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter had breakout Coachella moments last year, 2025 could also be an opportunity for new rock bands like Amyl and the Sniffers, JEL and Together Pangea to win over new fans. Today's announcement comes after rumors about who might play the festival started to leak yesterday following Post Malone's social media post about his 2025 touring schedule (April 13 and 20 indicated he’d be in "Indio, CA"). Then earlier today, Rolling Stone reported that Green Day would join Malone as a festival headliner, and that Travis Scott would perform as a special guest. TMZ had the scoop that Lady Gaga would also headline soon after.
(Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
Gaga already headlined in 2017 after Beyonce was forced to cancel due to her pregnancy. Scott performed as second tier headliner back in 2017, but his main stage headlining moment was not to be in 2020 due to COVID cancellations. The following year, in 2021, the tragic deaths of 10 concert-goers at his Astroworld Fest in Houston, Texas was likely a deterrent from a Coachella slot after that, though apparently not anymore.This will be Green Day’s first ever Coachella set, and after their exhilarating show at SoFi Stadium earlier this year, their presence on the bill marks a return to the festival’s roots as a big, badass rock n’ roll circus, which many of the supporting acts seem to punctuate. Malone reflects the more modern curation of Coachella, highlighting new pop and hip-hop over rock and legacy alternative acts in recent years. He also has many duets and collaborators to choose from for “surprise guests," something that has become a frequent facet in recent versions of the Indio gathering. Last year’s surprises included Olivia Rodrigo with No Doubt, Lana Del Ray with Billie Eilish and 21 Savage with Doja Cat, to name a few. Though naysayers have been questioning the popularity of music festivals in general in the wake of cancellations (Desert Daze, Pitchfork Music Festival) due to low ticket sales, and a recent Bloomberg report that declared "Coachella has become a victim of its own success" after both Rihanna and Kendrick Lamar allegedly passed on playing it, it seems that those concerns might have been premature. Coachella 2025's everything-and-the-kitchen-sink approach to genres and artists feels a lot like its great bills of the past, and seems to be just what the event needed to shake things up.