ByCallum Booth
ByCallum Booth,
 Contributor. 
Charli XCX and Troye Sivan on stage in Wembley Arena. (Photo by Katja Ogrin/Redferns)
English pop star Charli xcx is having the year of her life. Following the release of her album Brat, she spearheaded the biggest online trend of 2024: “Brat summer.” This success led to her hosting last week’s Saturday Night Live (SNL) and reaching an even wider audience.
But things got even bigger. Last night she performed a surprise concert at New York’s Times Square — and the internet went into meltdown.
This Charli xcx Times Square performance and the reaction to it online is a perfect example of how internet culture now directly shapes and impacts the real world.
First though, let’s take a step back.
Charli xcx is an English pop star who began professionally performing in 2008. Since that point, she has slowly been building up fame, releasing six albums to date.
While Charli xcx gained a significant fanbase and had a variety of charting songs, it wasn’t until Brat in 2024 that she gained widespread mainstream success.
Outside of the undoubted quality of her music, Charli xcx rocketing into superstardom was driven by “Brat summer” becoming an internet trend. Also known as “Brat girl summer,” this is an aesthetic based on a freedom to party and be yourself — all combined with a brattish attitude.
In terms of a definition, Glamour referred to ”Brat summer” as “feral party-girl energy [laced] with a vaguely unsettling dose of millennial anxiety.”
At the time of writing, TikTok has over 1.4 million posts tagged with “brat” and more than 163,000 with the “bratsummer” hashtags.
The trend took over the internet to such an extent that even former Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris adopted the “brat” branding for her campaign.
This success led to Charli xcx hosting SNL, a surefire measure for mainstream success for pop stars and celebrities of any kind:
And it was after this appearance that the Charli xcx Times Square performance occured.
With many fans unable to attend the filming of Charli xcx’s SNL appearance, the pop star put on a pop-up performance at Times Square in conjunction with H&M. This led to a huge crowd and a deluge of posts about it online. This, for example, has almost four million views:
It didn’t take long for memes about the Charli xcx Times Square performance to start appearing either:
What we’re seeing here is a relatively new phenomenon, one where a meme like “Brat” propels someone into mainstream success and further blurs the line between the online world and real-life.
On the surface, Charli xcx doesn’t make music that would put her alongside artists like Taylor Swift or Sabrina Carpenter. While both those musicians make songs that fit more easily into ideas of what pop sounds like, Charli xcx is far more influenced by underground club music, shown by her association with the experimental and futuristic PC Music collective.
What the memes and posts around “Brat” did was educate a broad audience about Charli xcx’s sound and what that represented. This gave the public a primer about what to expect when they came across her album, allowing them to directly associate it with something beyond simple music.
In many ways, the Charli xcx Times Square performance is closer to the peak of a movement than a free gig in New York.
Here is an underground musician propelled into being a pop star playing at one of the most famous locations in the world.
Without the success of the “Brat” meme, Charli xcx’s music wouldn’t have been so popular, but without the quality of her music, there’s no way the “Brat” meme would’ve taken off. It’s a perfect example of the balancing act between meme marketing and an excellent product, one where each directly benefits the other, creating a snowball effect.
The Charli xcx Times Square performance is the culmination of this, where the world of her internet standom and real-life fame collided in an event that not only impacted New York, but also the internet.
No artist has achieved this to quite the same level yet, but expect many more to try and take this route in the future. The Charli xcx Times Square performance is the high watermark modern artists will aspire towards — but the English pop star made it look far easier than it is.