Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Furtado shared a video of herself stumbling during the show to her Instagram on Sunday.

							By 

	Zoe G. Phillips


	Nelly Furtado took to Instagram on Saturday to show off her battle scars following a particularly dramatic performance onstage at Coachella. 

	Fans at the music festival on Saturday saw Furtado trip and fall after joining Dom Dolla to perform their single, “Eat Your Man.” Furtado shared footage of the spill on her own Instagram story later that day. 



	Also on social media, Furtado shared a photo of her bloodied finger after the performance. “Literally left it all on the stage,” she wrote, “including my blood.” 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	General News
			



	
		
					Samuel L. Jackson and Judge Judy Honor Sisters Toni Howard and Wendy Howard Goldberg at Women's Guild Cedars-Sinai Luncheon		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Queen Latifah Reacts to 'The Equalizer' Being Canceled, Teases Next Project		
			








	In footage of the incident, Furtado is seen singing the lyric “movin’ my body like a nympho” just before falling to the floor. She recovers quickly, telling the crowd, “I say it right, now do what I say.” 

	










	In the video of herself stumbling, she quipped: “Eat your man…not the stage.”

	Coachella began its first of two weekends Saturday on the grounds at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California. Apart from the headliners, who include Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, Doja Cat and No Doubt, artists like Peso Pluma, Blur, Ice Spice, J Balvin, Jhené Aiko, Lil Uzi Vert, Sabrina Carpenter, Tyla, Skepta, Suki Waterhouse, Sublime, Jon Batiste, Carin León, John Summit, Bebe Rexha, Reneé Rapp, Victoria Monét and more will hit the stage.

	Earlier this month, The Hollywood Reporter exclusively reported that YouTube, which is streaming the music festival for the 12th year, this time introduced “Multiview” streams that allow users to watch up to four different stages at the same time. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.