By TERRY ZELLER and LAURA PARKIN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  06:07, 21 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:04, 21 September 2024   
 67
View  comments
Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani and Camila Cabello stole the show at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival on Friday night.
The dazzling pop icons wowed on the red carpet at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, kicking off the first of two nights packed with showstopping performances.
Dua turned heads in a barely-there black dress with a plunging neckline and a daring thigh-high slit, with a silver chainmail bra underneath. 
Gwen brought glam in a chic white fringe ensemble, pairing it with a fur-trimmed jacket for added flair.
Not to be outdone, Camila stunned in a skintight sheer ombre gown, rounding out a star-studded event that will also feature performances by Paramore, Doja Cat, The Weeknd, and Thomas Rhett.
Dua Lipa , Gwen Stefani and Camila Cabello stole the show at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival on Friday night
Dua turned heads in a barely-there black dress with a plunging neckline and a daring thigh-high slit
Gwen brought glam in a chic white fringe ensemble, pairing it with a fur-trimmed jacket for added flair
Not to be outdone, Camila stunned in a skintight sheer ombre gown, rounding out a star-studded event that will also feature performances by Paramore, Doja Cat , The Weeknd , and Thomas Rhett
Dua's appearances comes just days after she criticised musicians who 'use their private life to attract attention' and fans think it's a thinly-veiled dig at Taylor Swift. 
Taylor, 34, is known to reference her past relationships in her lyrics, most recently appearing to elude to her breakup with ex boyfriend Joe Alwyn on her album The Tortured Poets Department. 
Her fans went wild predicting digs at her famous exes after the track list was revealed back in February, with the record following in April. 
Speaking in a new interview on on 60 Minutes, Dua, 29, addressed why she avoids singing about her private life. 
The musician explained: 'Some people are just so ruthless with their own private life that they decide to put it all out in a song because they know that it’s going to attract people’s attention.' 
Dua added: 'For me, it was always important to make music that people really loved, not because I was putting someone on blast or not because I’m doing it for clickbait at someone else’s expense.' 
Sharing their thoughts on X, fans wrote: 'Yah I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that this was a thinly veiled, albeit harmless, shot at Taylor Swift'; 'Def is. And it’s a fair statement. I say this as a Swift fan'; 'Bwa ha ha! Not thinly veiled whatsoever. I’ll be glad when Swift crashes and burns. Take a look at Madonna - that’s Swiftie’s future.'
'Wait, how did she manage to get away with that without a backlash from the Swifties'; 'Nothing thinly veiled here. Shot over the bow'; 'Hasn't Dua Lipa always been about showing veiled disrespect towards Taylor Swift? I would say she's the Katy Perry 2.0 in the Swiftverse.'
Dua's appearances comes just days after she criticised musicians who 'use their private life to attract attention' and fans think it's a thinly-veiled dig at Taylor Swift 
Speaking in a new interview on on 60 Minutes, Dua, 29, addressed why she avoids singing about her private life. The musician explained: 'Some people are just so ruthless with their own private life that they decide to put it all out in a song because they know that it’s going to attract people’s attention.'
Last week, Dua announced her new global 2025 tour for her latest album Radical Optimism. 
The three times Grammy winning and seven times BRIT award winner is set to jet across the world with over 40 new dates across Australia, New Zealand, North America, Europe, and the UK next year.
As the pop powerhouse's career continues to grow from strength to strength her latest tour follows her highly anticipated debut headlining the Pyramid Stage at the 2024 Glastonbury Festival earlier this summer. 
After wowing crowds on the Friday night the BBC praised her performance as they gushed: 'Dua hit every mark with the precision of someone who had been preparing for this moment for years.'
Following her electric Glastonbury set, she immediately sold out two consecutive nights at London's iconic Wembley Stadium set for June 2025. 
The Radical Optimism Tour will kick off this fall with previously announced shows in Asia, including stops in Singapore, Jakarta, Tokyo, Kuala Lumpur. It will then wrap up on Thursday December 5 in Seoul, Korea at Gocheok Sky Dome. 
The 2025 dates then begin March 20 in Melbourne, Australia at Rod Laver Arena, and include performances in Sydney, Auckland, Madrid, Hamburg, Paris, Amsterdam, London, Dublin. 
She will then head to Toronto, Chicago, New York, Miami, Los Angeles, and many more before concluding in Seattle on October 16 at Climate Pledge Arena. 
In a major announcement, Gwen revealed on Wednesday that her new album, Bouquet, is on the way
'My fifth studio album, Bouquet, will be in full bloom on November 15th,' she wrote on Instagram
Stefani first rose to fame in the early 1990s as the lead vocalist of the band No Doubt, which gained mainstream success with their 1995 album Tragic Kingdom, featuring hits like Don't Speak
In 2004, Stefani launched her solo career with the release of Love. Angel. Music. Baby., a critically acclaimed album that produced chart-toppers like Hollaback Girl
Gwen was dripping in fringe and looking spectacular
Prior to the tour kickoff in Asia, Dua will headline Austin City Limits in Austin, TX on October 5 and October 12. 
In a major announcement, Gwen revealed on Wednesday that her new album, Bouquet, is on the way.
'My fifth studio album, Bouquet, will be in full bloom on November 15th,' she wrote on Instagram.
Stefani first rose to fame in the early 1990s as the lead vocalist of the band No Doubt, which gained mainstream success with their 1995 album Tragic Kingdom, featuring hits like Don't Speak.
In 2004, Stefani launched her solo career with the release of Love. Angel. Music. Baby., a critically acclaimed album that produced chart-toppers like Hollaback Girl.
She followed up with The Sweet Escape in 2006, further cementing her status as a pop icon with the hit single of the same name. 
Stefani has won three Grammy Awards over the course of her career and has sold over 30 million albums worldwide.
In addition to her music career, she became a fashion icon with her L.A.M.B. clothing line, launched in 2003. 
Camila hinted at new music last month, which some fans believe might be a response to Sabrina Carpenter's rumored diss track about her on-and-off relationship with ex Shawn Mendes
Sharing with her 65 million Instagram followers, the 27-year-old pop star posted a sneak peek of her upcoming track titled Godspeed
At the time, Camila announced her plans to release a deluxe edition of her album, which came out in June
Camila tried bangs for the red carpet
Camila and Gwen posed a cute photo backstage
The superstars chatted before taking the stage
Gwen went in for a big hug from Camila
Ryan Seacrest cut a dapper figure on the red carpet
Lance Bass rocked a black outfit featuring specks of sparkle
Hunter Woodhall and Tara Woodhall arrive at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival
The Olympic medalists showed off their recent wins
Pat Sajak's daughter Maggie Sajak dazzled at the event
Ryan took to the stage for a speech  at the concert 
Stefani also joined The Voice as a coach in 2014, contributing to the show's success for multiple seasons. 
In 2020, she reunited with No Doubt’s sound in her song Let Me Reintroduce Myself, blending her ska-punk roots with modern pop sensibilities.
Camila hinted at new music last month, which some fans believe might be a response to Sabrina Carpenter's rumored diss track about her on-and-off relationship with ex Shawn Mendes. 
Sharing with her 65 million Instagram followers, the 27-year-old pop star posted a sneak peek of her upcoming track titled Godspeed. 
At the time, Camila announced her plans to release a deluxe edition of her album, which came out in June. 
Titled Magic City Edition, the updated album pays tribute to Miami, her hometown. S
She also shared an alternative cover photo, captioning it with, 'Always more stories to tell. some new songs for your night in Magic City. 9/6.' 
Cabello first gained fame as a member of Fifth Harmony, formed on The X Factor in 2012, before launching her successful solo career with hits like Havana in 2017. 
Cabello first gained fame as a member of Fifth Harmony, formed on The X Factor in 2012, before launching her successful solo career with hits like Havana in 2017
Her path crossed with Mendes in 2015 when they collaborated on the duet I Know What You Did Last Summer, sparking romance rumors
However, after more than two years together, they announced their breakup in November 2021, remaining supportive friends despite the split
Camila made a heart symbol with her hands before stepping on stage
Gwen jumped around on stage in her signature pink plaid 
The So Cal ska punk princess took over the stage with her style and artistry
Gwen had the audience hollering back
She belted out her song while wearing a braided belt
Her path crossed with Mendes in 2015 when they collaborated on the duet I Know What You Did Last Summer, sparking romance rumors. 
They officially began dating in July 2019, captivating fans with their chemistry and public displays of affection. 
The couple shared their journey through music, including their chart-topping collaboration Señorita in 2019. 
However, after more than two years together, they announced their breakup in November 2021, remaining supportive friends despite the split.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group