Celine Dion is opening up about her battle with Stiff Person Syndrome, a rare neurological disorder that causes debilitating muscle spasms.
The Grammy-winning singer, 56, told Hoda Kotb of NBC's Today show that singing has become extremely difficult.
"It's like someone pushing your larynx this way," Dion said, gesturing at her throat.
"It's like you're talking like that. And you cannot go higher and lower. It gets into a spasm."
Dion demonstrated how the spasms cause her fingers to cramp up "where you cannot unlock them."
Read More: Sabrina Carpenter packs on PDA with beau Barry Keoghan in steamy music video
Click here to follow Daily Express US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest US, showbiz, and sports news.
Kotb noted that Dion broke a rib "as the result of one of those spasms."
The Canadian superstar, who has sold over 200 million albums worldwide, was diagnosed with stiff person syndrome last year.
The rare disorder attacks the nervous system and causes muscles to stiffen uncontrollably.
DON'T MISS...
Celine Dion's rarely-seen teen twins unrecognisable in photo with rock star pal [PICTURES]
Celine Dion on Taylor Swift snub after showing illness is 'not a death sentence' [NEWS]
Celine Dion 'fell in love' with late husband when she was just 12 and he was 38 [INSIGHT]
EXCLUSIVE: In an interview with TODAY’s Hoda Kotb, Céline Dion is shedding light on her health and how seriously her stiff person syndrome has affected her ability to sing. Céline Dion's full conversation with Hoda will air on June 11 on @NBC. pic.twitter.com/kvsVX8ZjDt
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
In a trailer for an upcoming documentary, "I Am: Celine Dion," the "My Heart Will Go On" singer discussed her health struggles from inside her $5 million Las Vegas home, where she continues physiotherapy.
Recently in a trailer for her upcoming documentary I Am: Celine Dion, the Grammy-winning singer revealed she has been diagnosed with stiff person syndrome.
"I have been diagnosed with a very rare neurological disorder and I wasn't ready to say anything before," Dion, 54, says in the clip. "But I'm ready now."
The documentary chronicling Dion's health journey is set for release later this year.
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated