Camila Cabello and Shawn Mendes have been revealed as some of the artists for Radio 1's Live Lounge Month.
Fontaines D.C., Tom Grennan and Little Mix stars Jade and Perrie will also be performing during the month of live music.
This year’s Live Lounge will kick off on 30 September with Havana hitmaker Cabello.
"I cannot wait... it's one of my favourite places to perform," she said.
The on-air segment usually sees artists performing a song of their own and a cover from another artist in a live, acoustic format.
It will run every Monday, Wednesday and Friday during Rickie, Melvin and Charlie’s Radio 1 show.
The presenters said they were "buzzing" at the return of the format.
"Year after year it continues to deliver and we know it’ll do the same this time around," they said.
Other artists that have been announced include Glass Animals, FINNEAS, beabadoobee, Michael Kiwanuka and Jungle, with more acts due to be announced.
This year will also see a special Live Lounge Extra, with Camila Cabello, Shawn Mendes, Jungle and Tom Grennan each performing two additional tracks which will be broadcast during Radio 1’s New Music Show with Jack Saunders.
The Live Lounge recently celebrated 25 years, with the station's presenters voting for Amy Winehouse and her 2007 cover of The Zutons' Valerie as the best-ever performance.
It came out on top over the Arctic Monkeys, Adele, RAYE and Dua Lipa.
Over the years, stars such as Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Sabrina Carpenter, Ed Sheeran, Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus and Dua Lipa have graced the format, with their performances getting millions of views.
Aled Haydn Jones, Head of Radio 1, says the Live Lounge "is where the biggest acts in the world come to have some fun and deliver unforgettable performances". 
"It’s the place where audiences can see their favourite artists like they’ve never seen them before."
All performances from Live Lounge Month can be heard on Radio 1 and BBC Sounds and will be available to watch on demand on BBC iPlayer and YouTube.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.
One of Northern Ireland's leading festivals is celebrating 25 years of showcasing the arts.
More than two million people attend a Lady Gaga concert on Copacabana beach, paid for by Rio de Janeiro city to help boost the economy.
The US singer says she feels "bruised" after weeks of online backlash - what's sparked the change?
Ellie Wood is competing in Hull's International Choir Competition this weekend.
Joao Nunes wants as many people as possible to enjoy Portuguese culture during the four-day event.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.