Voting is now open for the 5th Annual Gold Derby Music Awards nominations! Log into your Gold Derby account or register for a free one, then vote for your favorite artists, albums, songs, and music videos right now across 27 categories (illustrated instructions for desktop are below). Voting closes at the end of the day on Thursday, October 31.
In our big five categories (Artist of the Year, Album of the Year, Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best New Artist), you’ll select your top five favorite candidates in order of preference. Your first choice gets five points, your second gets four points, your third gets three points, your fourth gets two points, and your fifth gets one point. The top 10 point-getters in each of those categories will be the nominees.
In the rest of the races, you’ll vote for your top three favorites in order of preference. Your first choice gets three points, your second gets two points, and your third gets one point. The top five point-getters in those races will be the official nominees. You may vote in as many or as few categories as you like, and you may edit your ballot as often as you like. No votes are final until voting closes on October 31.
In general, our awards follow the Grammys eligibility calendar (in this case, September 16, 2023 through August 30, 2024), but we made a few exceptions for music achievements released earlier that didn't gain prominence until the current eligibility period (e.g. "Lose Control" by Teddy Swims). Also, while you'll find Lisa and Sabrina Carpenter on the Grammys ballot for Best New Artist, you won't find them here. Lisa already won Best New Artist at the GDMAs in 2021 as a member of Blackpink. And Carpenter just won that award from us last year. Meanwhile, in pop, rock/alternative, country/Americana, R&B, rap/hip-hop, Latin, dance/EDM, and Best Music Video categories, the eligible candidates were decided by a preliminary vote of our savvy Gold Derby forum posters, but all registered Gold Derby users may now vote for the official nominations.
Artists are limited in how many nominations they can receive per category, however: there may be only one nomination in each category per credited artist. For example, if Charli XCX receives enough votes to be nominated for both "360" and "Von Dutch" in a category, she will only receive the nomination for the song that got more votes. The exception to that rule is if different combinations of artists are credited together. So if Charli were to receive enough votes to be nominated for “360” (for which she is solely credited) and the remix of “Guess” (for which she is credited with featured artist Billie Eilish), she would be nominated for both achievements.
1) Click "Make your predictions!" at the top right of the Gold Derby page.

2) Click the green box next to "Gold Derby Music Awards 2024 Nominations."
3) Select a category, add your favorite candidates from the left column to the right column, and save your top choices.
why “Imaginal Disk” isn’t in AOTY? and why there aren’t any singles from that album in ROTY, SOTY and genre categories?
Victory for Olivia Rodrigo
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media