Shoppers can get their hands on more than £200 worth of luxury beauty for free as part of a new money-saving deal at Debenhams. It comes as the retailer has released the beauty equivalent of a festive selection box - and it’s way more exciting than getting a Chomp, Freddo and Curly-Wurly.
Priced at £50, the Debenhams Christmas Beauty Selection Box Edit 2024 is worth £251, and stars no fewer than 19 full sized and mini products. The edit spans a range of categories including makeup, skincare, fragrance and hair products, meaning you’ll be set up with everything you need to make your party season plans even more special.
There are some seriously impressive brands in here, too. We’re talking premium, top-notch names from Lancome, Kiehl’s and Murad, to Benefit, Urban Decay, Clarins and more.
READ MORE: Best beauty advent calendars for 2024 that are available to buy now from Boots, Liz Earle and more
READ MORE: Boots beauty advent calendar worth 'over £150' is now £44 and stars Ted Baker, No7 and more
I’ve done the maths, and at £50 for 19 products, each one works out at around £2.63 an item. But one of the products inside is worth almost as much as the price you pay for the entire box, so you might consider the remaining 18 products ‘free’.
One of the highest value items in the edit is the Murad AHA/BHA Exfoliating Cleanser 200ml, which is £46 at LookFantastic. The ‘gentle but efficient’ exfoliator works in two ways by dissolving dead skin cells and renewing the skin's texture.
The formula contains salicylic, lactic and glycolic acids to encourage clarity and brightness by dissolving skin cell build-up, while jojoba beads further polish and re-texturise the skin. It’s racked up dozens of glowing reviews on the LookFantastic website, with one shopper commenting: “Leaves skin feeling so smooth and fresh. No real scent to it and is very gentle on the skin.”
Another added: “I had a small version of this in one of the Look Fantastic edits, and have repurchased since. It's a huge 200ml bottle and lasts for ages, it's exfoliating but gentle enough go use daily. I really like this cleanser.”
One said that while it was a ‘very good and effective cleanser’ they knocked off a star as it was ‘a bit drying’. Another commented: “This is the first Murad product I have tried and it has converted me towards this brand. It’s a great product as a cleanser that also exfoliates. It is kind on skin and doesn’t dry mine out too much. Highly recommended.”
Here’s everything inside the Debenhams beauty selection box for £50:
Elsewhere, LookFantastic has launched a heavily-reduced edit featuring some of the most sought-after brands in the industry. The must-have beauty box includes six high-end beauty picks from the likes of Medik8 and NARS, perfect for any beauty fan.
The Premium Beauty Edit 2024 is priced at £65 and contains luxury makeup and skincare products worth £225, with five for the products being full-size. This means shoppers are essentially getting beauty essentials £160-worth for free.
Another curated box that's worth checking out is Face the Future's Let It Glow Edit. It costs £99 and contains a whopping £612-worth of luxury makeup, skincare and haircare products from the likes of Augustinus Bader, Medik8 and Sigma Beauty.
Or you can pick up the Debenhams Christmas Beauty Selection Box Edit 2024 for £50.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.