We’ve all been there, right? One moment you’re driving along minding you're own business scream-singing Sabrina Carpenter, and the next, you find yourself in a fender bender.
Whether it’s a minor scrape or a more significant crash, dealing with car accidents are super stressful and confusing.
There is one popular question that comes up.
First things first, take a deep breath and make sure you and the person in the other vehicle are physically okay. Then, check out the damage.
Read More: Is It Illegal To Drive With Spikes On Your Wheels in Maine? 
I remember getting rear-ended once, and my car showed no signs of the collision at all. But the other vehicle? That was a different story. It’s funny how things like that work out, isn’t it?
But it definitely was stressful. Due to that stress of just having been in an accident, you might forget when it’s necessary to call the police.
So here, in our great state of Maine, you are required to call the police after a car accident IF any of the following points apply, according to Maine Legislature,
Okay, I get most of the points, but what about #3? If you’re outside your home, aren’t you technically already in public? Does this mean that if you get into an accident in your driveway or on private property, you don’t need to call the police?
Read More: Is It Illegal To Carry Two Forms of ID in Maine? 
The most important point is the amount of damage, obviously. While $2,000 is the most, another question comes to my mind: how can you know if the damage meets or goes over that amount?
To be safe, it’s probably best to call the police.
Buuut, wouldn’t it be great if you could take a picture of the damage, upload it to an app or Google, and get a close estimate of the costs? Wow, I don't want to toot my own horn, but toot toot because I think I just came up with the next big app idea! Actually, the insurance companies probably wouldn't ever let an app like that happen.
Just remember babes, if you don't call the police at least make sure to take photos and grab the information of the other person involved!
Read More: Have You Heard About Maine's Little-Known 'Romeo & Juliet Law'? 
Gallery Credit: Lizzy Snyder
Gallery Credit: Lizzy Snyder