By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:52, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  22:22, 23 June 2024   
 14
View  comments
Joey King looked sensational as she attended the star-studded Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening. 
The actress, 24, opted for a quirky party dress adorned with white pom poms and silver sparkles. 
The Kissing Booth star put on a leggy display in the mini dress and elevated her frame with chic white court heels.
She teamed her look with a silver clutch bag while she wore her blonde locks down in a voluminous blow dry.
Joey accessorised the look with some dangly silver earrings and some dramatic false eyelashes.  
Joey King looked sensational in a quirky pom pom covered party dress as she attended Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening
The actress, 24, sparkled in the white mini dress which she paired with a silver clutch bag
Meanwhile Cara Delevingne channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded arrivals for the evening. 
Model and actress Cara, 31, wore a similar bodysuit to the singer's famous Jean Paul Gaultier cone bra 34 years after the 65-year-old debuted her busty corset during her Blonde Ambition World Tour in 1990.
Elsewhere Eva Longoria exuded glamour in a glitzy black gown as she showcased her envious curves in the bodycon ensemble. 
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the sold-out Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city.
Guests include Gigi Hadid, Ciara, Maluma, Sabrina Carpenter, Emma Chamberlain, Kendall Jenner, Serena and Venus Williams, Bad Bunny, and Aya Nakumura.
The venue for the show is the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film.
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion extravaganza. 
Those who were unable to get a ticket for the event will be able to watch the action unfold on a live stream, which will be hosted by Cara Delevingne.
The Kissing Booth star put on a leggy display in the mini dress and elevated her frame with chic white court heels
Joey accessorised the look with some dangly silver earrings and some dramatic false eyelashes
Joey looked stunning as she posed for snaps on the carpet 
Cara Delevingne, 31, channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded arrivals on the carpet at Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening
Meanwhile, Eva Longoria exuded glamour in a glitzy black gown as she joined Cara on the carpet early on 
This year's Vogue World collaborated with youth athletic academies across France, pairing different sports with a history of 100 years of French fashion.
The sports include cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and break dancing, among others and the fashion will shine a spotlight on both modern and historic designers.
Artists who are expected to perform during the show include Bad Bunny and Aya Nakamura, although little detail has been revealed so far. 
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World: New York was a street fair, and Vogue World: London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire. 
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group