With summer in full swing, these songs bring the good energy to help you cruise into the new season.
Summer has finally arrived. After a long finals week and rainy Final Exercises, many students are ready to hit the beach, light up a bonfire or set off for a vacation, but may just be missing one thing — the perfect summer playlist. Here are some standout new songs at the turn of the season that prove these artists are ones to look out for. 
“Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter
Quickly taking the world by storm, this pop princess has proved her career will extend far beyond her previous Disney Channel days. Sabrina Carpenter has grasped the attention of many pop listeners after hits “Feather” and “Nonsense” — off her latest deluxe album, “Emails I Can’t Send Fwd” — placed her on the Billboard Top 100 charts for over 20 weeks. After show-stopping performances opening Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour abroad, Carpenter made a name for herself that paved the way for “Espresso” to blow her other hits out of the water. 
Between its upbeat bass line, indie synth and it-girl lyrics, the new single evokes the perfect summer attitude. Carpenter accentuates her confidence with tight harmonies in the chorus as she sings about how boys are obsessed with her, yet she simply could not care less — “Now he's thinkin' 'bout me every night, oh / Is it that sweet? I guess so / Say you can't sleep, baby, I know / That's that me espresso.”  The song is already trending on Tiktok, where creators will lip sync to a sped up version of the undeniably catchy second verse — “I'm working late 'cause I'm a singer / Oh, he looks so cute wrapped 'round my finger.” 
Carpenter also released a music video for “Espresso,” perfectly encapsulating the beachy sound of the music with matching visuals. The Hollywood inspired scenery and outfits paint Carpenter as a classic beach babe who refuses to give the men flocking to her the time of day. “Espresso” gives the perfect energy for those looking to channel their inner pop princess or beach baddie this summer. 
“Good Luck, Babe!” by Chappell Roan
Speaking of pop princesses, one would be remiss to discuss the genre without mentioning Chappell Roan. After the up-and-coming LGBTQ+ icon opened for Olivia Rodrigo during her Guts World Tour, audiences started to acknowledge the force that is Chappell Roan. The rising star makes herself known with exciting outfits often inspired by drag performers. Her recent Coachella performance captivated audiences and lifted her into a new level of fame. 
“Good Luck, Babe!” — Roan’s latest single — is an 80’s-esque synth pop tune which serves as a kiss goodbye to her toxic ex who refused to recognize their relationship. Roan wishes luck to her ex as she tries to hide her feelings for women by dating men, even though she knows it will be impossible. The lyrics are more cynical than sad as she tells her “Good luck, babe! / You’d have to stop the world just to stop the feeling.” 
The driving beat and techno sound easily places “Good Luck, Babe!” as one of Roan’s top dance hits. Roan masterfully unwinds the song with a ritardando that mirrors the repeated lyrics, slowing each repeat of “You’d have to stop the world just to stop the feeling.” Roan began her own tour May 18 at Hangout Festival in Gulf Shores, Ala., and staying true to her LGBTQ+ identity, the openers for her tour are all drag queens.
“How it Goes” by The Greeting Committee
The Greeting Committee is likely the least known artist on this list, but their small fanbase says nothing about their talent. The Kansas-based indie rock band has gained a small following since their first EP, “It’s Not All That Bad,” featuring their most popular song, “Hands Down.” The band is noted for their vibrant guitar and sweet-sounding vocals from lead singer Addie Sartino.
Their recent single— “How it Goes” — sets the tone for a summer reminiscent of the 2019 indie-rock wave. The lyrics tell the story of getting bored of the mundane and repetitive in everyday life. A sarcastic “But hey, that's okay” in the pre-chorus is followed by an outcry in the chorus — “That’s how it goes, don’t you get sick of it?” Sartino’s catchy tune calls for listeners to do something a little different in their day. The song is the perfect backing track for a drive down a summer highway and offers listeners the perfect avenue to discovering a new, lesser-known artist.
“Calling After Me” by Wallows
The quintessential indie pop-rock band, Wallows are known for creating lively songs that fans can stream throughout their summer escapades. Before their latest album’s release May 24, the band released three singles. “Calling After Me,” the second release, was an immediate standout mirroring the sound of some of their older releases.
Electric guitar combined with punchy drums and yearning lyrics are the keys to a Wallows hit, and “Calling After Me” hits this formula perfectly. The song highlights the thrill of the chase in a new relationship, as the narrator tells their significant other, “You've got everybody calling, / but I know that you're calling after me.” 
With a new tour set to commence Aug. 6, Wallows are certainly keeping themselves busy, proving they still lead the indie rock genre. To get in the mood for the band’s upcoming tour, fans can listen to “Calling After Me” and get themselves excited for a summer filled with live performances. 
“Sunflower” by Vampire Weekend feat. Steve Lacy
This track is admittedly not a new release. However, if you are looking for a guitar riff that sounds exactly like having no assignments due on Canvas and driving down the shoreline without a care in the world, look no further than Vampire Weekend’s “Sunflower,” featuring Steve Lacy. 
Off the band’s 2019 album, “Father of the Bride,” the song contains guitar and vocal ad libs that perfectly capture the carefree sound a summer playlist needs and the positive lyrics to match. Lacy and Vampire Weekend’s lead vocalist Ezra Koenig sing in unison — “Sunflower in the morning / Standing in the garden / All before you wake. / No power can compel you / Out into the daylight / Let that evil wait,” calling on audiences to bring only positivity into the upcoming season. Channel a bit of this gleeful energy throughout your brighter days ahead.
With summer in full swing, these songs bring the good energy to help you cruise into the new season. Tropical breezes, new adventures and two months without opening Canvas have arrived. From pop to indie, let these tunes bring a new vibrancy to your summer!

                        From picking up a guitar at 5 years old to winning a Golden Ticket on “American Idol” at 17, Sela Campbell was bound for musical success from the beginning.
                    

                        The Overcranked Film Project is a two-semester-long initiative through the drama department that provides students the opportunity to develop and realize their creative visions through film.
                    

                        A joyful culmination of two semester-long courses, DRAM 4597 “Art of the Moving Creature” and DRAM 1220 “Art of the Creature," will parade anthropomorphic “creature” puppets through Grounds.
                    
Indieheads is one of many Contracted Independent Organizations at the University dedicated to music, though it stands out to students for many reasons. Indieheads President Brian Tafazoli describes his experience and involvement in Indieheads over the years, as well as the impact that the organization has had on his personal and musical development.