Strictly Come Dancing buffs reckon Tasha Ghouri is a shoo-in for the title after clocking a major hint.
The dance extravaganza that is Strictly has revved up for a sizzling 2024 series, with Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman at the helm to shepherd us through another season of fancy footwork as 15 celeb couples battle it out to hoist the coveted Glitterball trophy.
In the opening week, the star-studded line-up took to the floor to sashay their way into the judges' good books and earn those all-important early leaderboard points.
This year sees fan-favourite Aljaz Skorjanec waltzing back onto the Strictly scene, partnered with Tasha Ghouri. Their show-stopping Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso absolutely dazzled head judge Shirley Ballas.
Once Tasha had soaked in Shirley's praise, the judge tipped her for greatness: "You're on your way to have one of the most spectacular leg actions I think I have ever seen on the show."
Claudia echoed the sentiment with an 'extraordinary' on-air reaction, sending fans into a frenzy, insisting Tasha's got the glitterball in the bag, reports the Mirror.
Fanatics flocked to X, gushing over Tasha's debut. One posted: "I loved Tasha. What a dance! ! ! ! #Strictly." Another was all caps saying: "Tasha is SENSATIONAL #Strictly", whereas yet another chimed in: "Tasha Ghouri was absolutely incredible on strictly, she is sooooo good #Strictly." Another hopeful added: "ALJAZ is back Him and Tasha for the final #Strictly".
Although the judges will provide feedback and score the celebrities, no one will be sent home in the first week. The real drama begins in week two when one celebrity will be eliminated.
The public can get involved when the lines open next Saturday (September 28), with the first elimination of the series airing the following night (Sunday, September 29). Tonight's show will start at 7pm on BBC One, but there won't be a results show this weekend.
Currently leading the betting odds are X Factor winner Shayne Ward and JLS star JB Gill. However, former professional dancer Erin Boag has tipped Miranda star Sarah Hadland as a potential dark horse.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.