Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter had a short — but sweet — romance.
The Saltburn actor and “Nonsense” singer sparked romance rumors in December 2023 when the Daily Mail published photos of the duo on an outing in Los Angeles.
During her Disney Channel days, Carpenter was in a relationship with Bradley Steven Perry, which came to an end in 2015. She has also been romantically linked to Griffin Gluck, Joshua Bassett and Dylan O’Brien.
Keoghan, for his part, welcomed a son named Brando in August 2022 with ex-girlfriend Alyson Sandro. The couple were together for more than a year before they became parents. The Sun was first to report their split in July 2023. (Keoghan was also in a relationship with Shóna Guerin from 2017 to 2020.)
Us Weekly confirmed in December 2024 that the twosome called it quits after dating for nearly one year.
Keep scrolling for a timeline of Keoghan and Carpenter’s romance:
The Daily Mail first shared photos of Keoghan and Carpenter on an outing in Los Angeles. The singer was wearing a long leather coat while Keoghan walked behind her in a white shirt.
Eagle-eyed fans spotted the pair together on a second Los Angeles outing. This time, they appeared to be enjoying a museum date night.
Neither Keoghan nor Carpenter attended the Grammy Awards. However, they both attended the same W Magazine afterparty. The publication shared a photo of the duo alongside a caption that read, “Spotted in the crowd were Barry Keoghan (@Keoghan92) chatting with @SabrinaCarpenter,” in part.
In the photo, Keoghan held his hand over his mouth while Carpenter hid behind her drink.
Later that same month, the couple had their third Los Angeles date. This time, People Magazine obtained photos of Keoghan and Carpenter after a dinner date at Delilah in West Hollywood. The actor was all smiles while walking behind the singer, who looked cute in a little black dress for the night out.
Keoghan traveled to Singapore to watch Carpenter open for Taylor Swift. Concertgoers captured footage of the actor smiling as the singer improvised her notoriously NSFW outro to her song “Nonsense.” With Keoghan in the audience, she sang, “He said that he wishes he was on me / Got me wetter than the Jewel Changi / Singapore I hope you like my songy.”
An insider later told Us Weekly exclusively that Keoghan and Carpenter have been exclusively dating since at least January 2024.
“They really took things slow at first, but the relationship is going strong,” a source told Us. “They are both very casual people and enjoy being low-key in their downtime. They aren’t putting too much pressure on things, and Sabrina loves that Barry understands she is extremely busy with her work commitments right now.”
Of Keoghan attending Carpenter’s Eras performances, the insider noted that she finds it “really cute” that the actor is cheering her on.
Days after returning from Singapore, the pair attended the Vanity Fair Oscar party together, posing just a few feet apart on the red carpet. A source exclusively told Us that they were much cozier while inside the party, often holding hands.
“Sabrina and Barry were together almost the entire night,” the insider at the party shared. “They looked really cute and happy as they took selfies and were walking around the party together.”
Keoghan supported Carpenter during her 2024 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival performance. As Carpenter belted out her tunes, Keoghan was photographed filming the set on his phone.
The pair were also spotted in the crowd with Swift and her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, per fan footage posted via X.
Keoghan and Carpenter made their red carpet debut as a couple at the Met Gala. While they each walked the carpet solo, they reunited at the top of the stairs and posed for pics together.
Carpenter wore a stunning custom Oscar de la Renta gown, which left Keoghan in awe.
“Oh s–t,” the Irish actor quipped ahead of the awards show in Vogue’s getting ready video. “Am I not allowed to curse?”
Carpenter then proclaimed that she loved Keoghan’s velvet Burberry jacket and coordinating top hat before they shared a sweet peck.
Following the Met Gala, Carpenter celebrated her 25th birthday on May 11 with a surprise birthday party in New York City, attended by Keoghan. Per videos obtained by TMZ, Carpenter blew out her birthday candles before accepting a celebratory kiss from Keoghan.
Keoghan appeared in Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” music video, where their characters fell in love while serving stints in jail.
“I liked the idea of falling in love with a convict and being shocked and embarrassed every time he commits crimes,”  she told Vogue in June 2024. “I was sooo lucky to get Barry Keoghan in the video cause he is just magic on screen.”
Carpenter gushed about Keoghan and his involvement in her “Please Please Please” music video.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
“He loved the song. He’s obsessed with the lyrics, and I’m so grateful for that,” the singer said to Variety. “I don’t want to sound biased, but I think he’s one of the best actors of this generation. So getting to see him on the screen with my song as the soundtrack made the video better and all the more special.”
A source exclusively told Us that Keoghan and Carpenter called it quits.
“Sabrina and Barry are broken up,” the insider said. “They had a little bit of a break a few months ago but this break was very recent.”
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: