By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  19:53, 19 June 2024   |  Updated:  20:08, 19 June 2024   
 17
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter set pulses racing as she posed up a storm to celebrate the release of her new fragrance Sweet Tooth: Caramel Dream Eau De Parfum. 
The songstress, 25, slipped into a white lace dress for the shoot which hugged every inch of her jaw-dropping figure. 
Sabrina's sheer outfit left little to the imagination and flashed a glimpse of her skimpy black lingerie beneath. 
The stunner sported radiant make-up and wore her blonde tresses loose as she cheekily nibbled the bottles which were shaped like chocolate bars. 
Sweet Tooth: Caramel Dream Eau De Parfum is the Espresso singer's second scent following her successful debut with Sweet Tooth. 
Sabrina Carpenter, 25, set pulses racing as she posed up a storm to celebrate the release of her new fragrance Sweet Tooth: Caramel Dream Eau De Parfum
The songstress, 25, slipped into a white lace dress for the shoot which hugged every inch of her jaw-dropping figure and flashed a glimpse of her lingerie beneath 
Sweet Tooth: Caramel Dream is now available to buy at Superdrug and Superdrug.com. 
It comes after Sabrina was left bemused after she was completely ignored by British rapper Cee, 26, as they sat front row at Louis Vuitton menswear show during Paris Fashion Week on Tuesday. 
But while the singer's growing army of fans might clamour for an opportunity to join her at the exclusive event, the British rapper, 26, looked nonplussed as he greeted her with a cursory nod before whipping out his Nintendo Gameboy. 
Fortunately Sabrina, who attended the event without boyfriend Barry Keoghan, saw the funny side as he leaned away from her while preoccupying himself ahead of the show. 
The American singer has been dating Oscar-nominated actor for at least six months, even casting him as her leading man in her Please Please Please music video, but recently admitted she doesn't feel comfortable publicly referring to him as her boyfriend.
'The [dating] pool is the pool, and when you meet people that feel authentic and are so brilliant and amazing in every way, that's what you do,' she told Rolling Stone. 
'Obviously, I write songs about exactly how I feel, so I guess I can't be so surprised that people are interested in who and what those songs are about. That's something that comes with the territory.'
Sabrina also confirmed her new single was inspired by the 31-year-old Irishman in the comments of his June 6th Instagram post announcing the video where she quoted her own lyric: 'I heard that you're an actor!'
The stunner sported radiant make-up and wore her blonde tresses loose as she cheekily nibbled the bottles which were shaped like chocolate bars
Sweet Tooth: Caramel Dream Eau De Parfum is the Espresso singer's second scent following her successful debut with Sweet Tooth  is now available to buy at 
The accompanying video finds her playing the gangster moll to his criminal and one scene was specifically designed to showcase Barry's stunt-fighting abilities. 
The pair first crossed paths at the Givenchy runway presentation during Paris Fashion Week on September 28 before being spotted on a date in Brentwood on December 3.
The Saltburn actor fathered 22-month-old son Brando during his two-year relationship with dental nurse Alyson Kierans, which ended in mid-2023.
Meanwhile Sabrina - who gets 71.9M monthly listeners on Spotify - scored a major career boost serving opening duties for 14-time Grammy winner Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Mexico, South America, Australia, and Singapore.
'I hold her to such a different echelon. I could never compare my life, my career, my trajectory to anything close to what she's done,' she said.
It comes after Sabrina was left bemused after she was completely ignored by British rapper Cee, 26, as they sat front row at Louis Vuitton menswear show during Paris Fashion Week on Tuesday 
#sabrinacarpenter #tiktokfashion #pfw #centralcee #tiktokfashion #lvmenss25 
'We're very, very verbal with each other about our mutual love and admiration...She played me [her The Tortured Poets Department Studio song] But Daddy, I Love Him before it came out, and that's also one of my favorites.'
The 34-year-old pop star's frequent collaborator Jack Antonoff just so happened to produce half of Carpenter's sixth studio album Short n' Sweet - dropping August 23 - including Please Please Please. 
On April 1, the former Disney Channel star modeled the Stretch Lace campaign for Kim Kardashian's shapewear brand SKIMS, which outraged Swifties considering their ongoing feud which began way back in 2016.
'As much as people want to believe you're tuned into every little thing, I'm not because I'm constantly working. In that scenario, I've been very, very communicative with [Taylor] about that situation, and I just love her so much and support her till the end,' Carpenter explained.
'So it was no weirdness for me, but I know people will just say things because that's all they have time to do.'
Sabrina has been dating Oscar-nominated actor Barry Keoghan for at least six months, even casting him as her leading man in her Please Please Please music video (pictured)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group