By EKIN KARASIN and GERAINT LLEWELLYN 
 Published:  15:13, 18 November 2024   |  Updated:  21:07, 18 November 2024   
 13
View  comments
Cara Delevingne enjoyed a sweet date night with her girlfriend, Minke, at a Sabrina Carpenter concert in Los Angeles on Sunday. 
The supermodel, 32, and singer, 33 - who met years ago at boarding school - looked loved-up as they arrived at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California.
Cara looked typically cool in a black leather coat with a shearling trim teamed with a black vest, houndstooth skinny jeans, and black leather boots. 
Minke - real name Leah Mason - looked equally chic in a cropped leather jacket with brown fur trim teamed with black wide-leg checked trousers and trainers. 
The couple, who have been dating for two years, looked smitten as they chatted and laughed while heading into the venue. 
They were joined by a host of other famous faces on the night, including Katy Perry, Petra Ecclestone, and Robin Thicke. 
Cara Delevingne and her girlfriend, Minke, enjoyed a date night at a Sabrina Carpenter concert in Los Angeles on Sunday
Cara, 32, rocked a long leather coat and chunky boots while Minke, 33, went for a fur-trim jacket and wide-leg trousers
The couple - who met in boarding school and reconnected two years ago - laughed and chatted as they headed to the venue 
Suicide Squad star Cara met Minke at boarding school in Hampshire and later admitted she had a 'baby gay crush' on the musician at the time.
After years of no contact, they ran into each other at an Alanis Morissette concert, and they became official on June 5, 2022. 
Cara celebrated their two-year anniversary with a sweet Instagram post in June 2024, sharing photos of them kissing and messing around.
'Two magical years with you and so many pictures of us kissing in front of things,' she captioned it.
'These past two years have been A LOT of life. A lot of change, growth, pain and most importantly LOVE and I am so lucky to have found the perfect person to ride life’s ups and downs with. 
'I cannot imagine living life without you. I spent so long looking for my partner in crime, little did I know that it would be someone I went to school with (and had a baby gay crush on). Here’s to many more years being us…'
Also at the Sabrina gig was Katy Perry, who put on a very leggy display in a tiny grey lace mini dress which she wore with thigh-high black leather boots.
The Firework singer, 40, layered the eye-popping outfit with a long faux sheepskin Charlotte Simone coat and completed the look with a diamond necklace and glam make-up. 
The couple celebrated their two-year anniversary in June 2024
Cara and Minke pictured kissing at Wimbledon last July 
Katy Perry, 40, was also at the Sabrina Carpenter gig 
She was joined at the 17,000 seat venue by socialite Petra Ecclestone, 35, and fellow singer Robin Thicke, 47
Riverdale star Madelaine Petsch (left) also bagged tickets to see the pop princess on stage
Petra Ecclestone, 35, was equally scantly clad for the concert in a skimpy black ensemble with a racy heart shaped cut out at her cleavage. 
Singer Robin, 47, was in great spirits and flashed a huge smile as he smoked a cigarette outside the arena before taking his seat. 
It comes after Christina Aguilera joined Sabrina on stage during another LA stop on her Short n' Sweet tour on Friday night. 
The 43-year-old iconic pop star — who recently shared photos with her family — joined the 25-year-old songstress on stage as they performed renditions of Aguilera's songs Ain't No Other Man and What A Girl Wants.
DailyMail.com obtained images of the epic live collaboration at the Crypto.com Arena in downtown LA. 
The Firework hitmaker put on a very leggy display in a tiny grey lace mini dress which she wore with thigh-high black leather boots
She layered the eye-popping outfit with a long faux sheepskin coat and posed with fans outside the arena 
Both bombshells wore their platinum blonde locks in long, silky curls that fell over their shoulders.
For her unexpected appearance, Christina showed off her slimmed down frame in a busty black corset and shorts.
The mother-of-two, who was raised in Pittsburgh, added thigh-high sparkly silver boots while wowing the audience with her signature pipes.
She looked great with a glinting diamond necklace and matching chandelier earrings.
For her part, Sabrina also opted for a sexy black look as the Bed Chem hitmaker strutted out in black lace capris, Mary Jane shoes, and a sparkly black robe.
Meanwhile Petra was equally scantly clad for the concert in a skimpy black ensemble with a racy heart shaped cut out at her cleavage
Singer Robin was in great spirits and flashed a huge smile as he smoked a cigarette outside the arena before taking his seat
He waved to fans while making his way inside the venue 
Actress Madelaine (centre) hugged fans and signed autographs 
Buffy the Vampire Slayer star Sarah Michelle Gellar, 47, was also at the concert 
Concertgoers shared footage of Christina and Sabrina's stage time on X (formerly Twitter) during Friday night's concert. 
The two music artists previously teamed up for a 25th anniversary celebration of the Genie In A Bottle hitmaker's self-titled debut album. 
The industry fixture, who rose to fame in the late 90s alongside acts like NSYNC and Britney Spears, participated in a live studio re-imagining of her debut album for an episode of Spotify Anniversaries in September.
In addition to Sabrina, she was also joined by Machine Gun Kelly for updated iterations of her old music.
At the time, Christina told Rolling Stone, 'I wanted to celebrate the 25th anniversary of my debut album in a way that brings together the past and present.'
She added, 'I've always enjoyed reimagining my songs with different styles and audiences, as well as playing with sounds and arrangements that showcase how all music can be timeless.'
It comes after Christina Aguilera (L) joined Sabrina (R) on stage during another LA stop on her Short n' Sweet tour on Friday night 
The 43-year-old iconic pop star joined the 25-year-old songstress on stage as they performed renditions of Aguilera's songs Ain't No Other Man and What A Girl Wants
The former Mickey Mouseketeer reflected, 'I laughed, I cried, I reconnected with old friends, and I made some very special new ones.'
And she told fans, 'I hope this anniversary gift is just as special for you to watch, as it was for me to make.'
Carpenter's tour kicked of on September 24, 2024 and is slated to run through March 26, 2025.
On Thursday night she shared photos from the tour on Instagram and wrote in a caption to her 42 million followers: 'tomorrow we start our last 3 shows of the US leg in Los Angeles. I can’t wait to see you all there.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group