Simple? Never heard of it. 
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are officially here, people! And like pretty much every year, celebs are expected to turn the red carpet into a high-voltage runway of iconic fashion statements and standout looks that we can't not obsess over. From glitzy gowns to sleek co-ords, group ‘fits, and Taylor Swift Easter eggs (obviously), there’s always a ton to look forward to at the highly-anticipated awards show, which kicks off tonight at the UBS Arena in New York.
Luckily, with a slew of famous faces set to be in attendance—ahem: hot girl coach/host Megan Thee Stallion, Sabrina Carpenter (!), Shawn Mendes (!!), Camila Cabello (!!!), Vanguard winner Katy Perry, Chappell Roan, Eminem, GloRilla, Halsey, Karol G, LL Cool J, and more!—there’s no doubt the red carpet fashion will be *chef’s kiss*.
Now, all this ^^^ means the time has officially come to put on our finest pajamas and celebrate the heck out of tonight’s 2024 VMAs looks (like, the good, the bad, and the worst). After all, there’s truly no better way to spend the thick of Fashion Month other than right in front of your computer—notably not in glam...or couture...or any kind of acceptable footwear, honestly—and scrolling through the ~lewks~. Let’s get into it, shall we? 
Christian Dior
Tony Ward Couture
Vintage Bob Mackie
Custom Dolce & Gabbana
Area
Custom Miss Claire Sullivan
Y/Project
Rick Owens
Custom Celia Kritharioti
Nicole + Felicia
Dolce & Gabbana
PatBo
Who Decides War
Custom Mugler
Taylor Swift Teases RepTV at iHeartRadio 
A Lip-Reading of What Taylor Said at the VMAs
Glam Up for the 2024 VMAs With Muni Long 💜
Tutorial: Chappell’s Medieval VMAs Makeup Look
The $30 Secret to Addison Rae’s VMAs Glass Hair
PSA: Blackpink’s Lisa Has Dyed Her Hair!
Melting @ Travis' Reaction to Tay's VMAs Shoutout
Orlando Gave the Sweetest Speech to Katy Perry
Wait, Did Shawn Mendes Reference Camila LN?
Sabrina Wore a Sheer Mini the VMAs After-Party
Taylor’s VMAs After-Party Dress Is Giving UFO Chic
The 3 Best 2024 VMAs Performances, Ranked
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.