Carpenter, Green Day, and more stars courted thousands of young voters to participate in the election between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris.
 Sabrina Carpenter didn't just dominate the charts this year. The rising pop star was recently deemed one of the most influential celebrities in getting young Americans registered to vote ahead of the 2024 presidential election.

 The 25-year-old "Please Please Please" and "Taste" singer-songwriter topped HeadCount's list of celebrities who engaged new voters the most this year, with the nonpartisan organization (which works with entertainers to register young people to vote in the United States) announcing Tuesday that Carpenter is responsible for increasing voter registration by 35,814.

 In addition to helping voters with registration, HeadCount also indicated that, through giveaways, postcards, and in-person activations tied to her Short n' Sweet album tour, Carpenter engaged an additional 263,087 voters with things like checking registration status and finding polling locations throughout the concert series' run.

Kevin Mazur/Getty (2)
 Entertainment Weekly has reached out to Carpenter for comment.

 HeadCount further singled out rock band Green Day's Saviors album tour for registering 7,900 new voters and engaging 61,000 with activations on the tour. Outside of the tour, the band is also credited with inspiring 46,892 actions related to voting engagement, alongside registering 22,525 new voters.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Many celebrities have used their voices to amplify political messages in recent months, ahead of Vice President Kamala Harris and Donald Trump squaring off at the ballot box on Tuesday.

 Rihanna recently urged Americans to vote and engaged with heated commenters online over issues of immigration, while Harris' campaign enlisted support from a wide range of voices on the trail, including appearances by Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez, Michelle Obama, Oprah Winfrey, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Andra Day, Scarlett Johansson, Christina Aguilera, and more in key battleground states.

 UPDATE: Since this post was first published, Headcount issued updated numbers for Carpenter and reported its numbers for Ariana Grande were not accurate and requested they be removed.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)