Arts & Entertainment
By Uwa Ede-OsifoBreaking Features Reporter
Breaking Features Reporter
Sabrina Carpenter will perform at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Oct. 30 during her upcoming “Short n’ Sweet” tour.
The North American tour is scheduled to begin in Columbus, Ohio, on Sept. 23 and will conclude in Los Angeles on Nov. 15, according to the announcement posted on Carpenter’s Instagram.
The tour is pegged to her namesake sixth studio album, which is due out on Aug. 23. Supporting acts will include Amaarae, Griff and Declan McKenna.
Fans in Carpenter’s Top Listeners list on Spotify will be able to  buy tickets for a special pit area in the front of her show, according to Billboard.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
“You’ve all been there for every step of my journey, and I can’t wait to celebrate with you on tour,” Carpenter said in a statement shared with the music outlet.
The former child actor turned budding pop star has churned out hit singles including “Feather,” “Espresso” and “Please Please Please.”
During her previous tour in 2022-23 and while opening  for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, Carpenter would change the outro of her single “Nonsense” based on the city she was performing in. The stunt went viral online, with fans waiting to hear what bawdy ad-libs she’d create for their hometowns.
Carpenter’s private life has also made headlines recently. She is reportedly dating Irish actor Barry Keoghan.
In her music video for “Please Please Please,” she cast Keoghan as her love interest. He plays a lawbreaking beau who is repeatedly bailed out of jail by Carpenter. Since its release two weeks ago, the video has had more than 30 million views on YouTube.
A Cash App ticket presale begins June 24 and a Team Sabrina presale follows on June 25. Two Spotify presales, including for the special pit area, start on June 26. AEG/venue presale begins June 27. General tickets go on sale starting June 28. 
Uwa is a breaking features reporter. She covers breaking and trending news related to arts and culture. She also writes features about subcultures, music, film and TV.

Uwa previously reported on general assignment for NBC News Digital and wrote about politics for Slate. She also has work published in Vulture and Time Out.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.