Getty Images / Deagreez
Halloween is upon us, and it's not too early to start thinking about what you want to wear this season. So, what are the most popular Halloween costumes for 2024? This year's popular looks, like in past years, are mainly based on current trends. But there are some classics in here, too. I'm actually pleasantly surprised to see one of my Halloween costumes in the mix. So, let's get into the most popular Halloween costumes for the upcoming season.
For men, it's all about Wolverine, thanks to the massive Deadpool & Wolverine flick. With the movie being so popular, you'll see these costumes everywhere. There's a lot of excitement around the Wolverine costume, because even though Hugh Jackman has played the character since 2000's X-Men, Deadpool & Wolverine marked the first time that he actually wore the comic-book accurate yellow and blue costume. So if you waited for years to don the classic costume, you're golden. Spirit Halloween actually has a whole line of Deadpool & Wolverine costumes, so pick your poison.
Another one of the most popular Halloween costumes is dressing up as a Team USA Basketball player. Just buy a Team USA Basketball jersey and carry around a basketball. This could work for men and women, since both teams performed well at the Olympics. Another popular costume idea in this realm is Caitlin Clark. You'd need an Iowa or Indiana Fever jersey for this one, plus a basketball and wig that matches Clark's hair.
For women, the Halloween folks at ETOnline.com actually suggest dressing up as pop star Sabrina Carpenter. "It's Sabrina's year, and we adore the heart corsets she wears in all colors," they explain. Really, all you would need for this costume would be a hot-looking mini-dress and blonde wig, but I personally don't think anyone would guess your costume. I just don't think Carpenter is at that level yet, but that's just me. It could still be a cute costume.
For the ladies, ETOnline.com also suggests the classic Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader costume. I actually have this costume and am shocked to see it on this list. I've never seen anyone else wear it, so I've always felt special. I would include a photo of my costume, but my mom would have my head. Plus, I'm a Detroit Lions fan. Of course, no matter what team you root for, the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders are legendary. These costumes are easy to find online via a variety of retailers, but I have to brag that mine is "authentic," straight from the league. They're also trendy on TikTok.com.
For couples, the Travis Kelce, Taylor Swift combination will likely be huge this year. They were already an item last year, but this year, it's going to be even a bigger trend. Just snag a Chiefs jersey for "Travis" and wear a sparkly one-piece and blonde wig for "Taylor," and you've got this costume made. Whatever you do this Halloween season, I hope you have fun and eat a lot of candy.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!