Singer-songwriter Christina Aguilera shared a photo of herself posing topless to mark her birthday earlier this week.
Christina, now 44, posted the photo on her Instagram page just days ago for the occasion on Wednesday. The black-and-white photo shows her wearing a black hat, matching 'hot pants' and heels whilst perched within a spotlight. She's seen with one hand on her bare thigh, whilst the other partly covered one of her breasts. Alongside the photo, she wrote in the caption that accompanied it: "Birthday Suit #44."
The post has amassed more than 400,000 likes on the platform since it was shared and prompted reaction from fans in the comments section. Many expressed birthday well wishes, whilst some others complimented Christina over it.
"You look absolutely gorgeous," one fan wrote. Another said: "Looking good." Whilst someone reacted: "Getting older in years, but younger in appearance is what I'm talking about!" A fourth person wrote in a response: "As gorgeous as ever."
It comes just months after Christina celebrated the birthday of her eponymous debut album, which came out in 1999, in September. For the 25th anniversary, she released a new EP that featured reimaginated versions of some of the tracks.
Among the special guests involved was Sabrina Carpenter, who featured on a new version of the track What a Girl Wants with Christina. Whilst Machine Gun Kelly, who's known as MGK, instead featured on the EP's Genie in the Bottle.
Following the release of the project, Christina expressed her gratitude to those involved. She wrote in a post at the time: "It's been one week since the release of one of the most special projects I've ever been a part of. Thank you to everyone who played a part in this." She went on to say: "Thank you all for putting so much love and care into making these songs even more meaningful than before."
She continued: "To my team, I feel like the luckiest girl in the WORLD every single day. The hard work you’ve put in to make this anniversary so special has never gone unnoticed and is always appreciated. [...] It's been an honor to be on this journey with you, and I'm so grateful to be surrounded by people who love me the way you do. [...] Thank you for giving me what a girl wants - not just today, but every day. I love you."
Shortly afterwards, Christina - whose most recent album, titled Aguilera, was released in 2022 - teased that she was looking ahead to the next 25 years. She wrote in a subsequent post: "That's a wrap! The next 25 years starts now."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.