By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:42, 18 November 2024   |  Updated:  12:49, 19 November 2024   
 27
View  comments
John Mayer and Katy Perry appear to have remained on good terms 10 years after their split.
The exes were seated close to one another at Sabrina Carpenter's concert in Los Angeles on Sunday and were seen sharing a friendly chat.
John's was placed in the row above Katy but directly behind her, and the duo were spotted enjoying a cordial conversation as they seemingly waited for the show to start.
The two appeared to be catching up, with Katy, 40, placing an inquisitive finger on her chin as she listened to her ex chat away.
John and Katy dated from 2012 to 2014, and the songstress went on to begin a relationship with her now-fiance Orlando Bloom in 2016, whom she shares daughter Daisy Dove, four, with.
John Mayer and Katy Perry appear to have remained on good terms 10 years after their split
The duo were not interacting in another photo posted online by a fan  
John, who has previously dated the likes of Taylor Swift and Jessica Simpson, has more recently been linked to Kiernan Shipka. 
Fans reacted to Katy and John's close proximity at the concert online.  
'katy perry & john mayer in attendance for sabrina carpenter “short n sweet” tour omg,' one wrote alongside a photo of Katy glued to her phone as John glanced away. 
'John Mayer with Katy Perry's friends at Sabrina Carpenter concert,' one fan account captioned their video, which showed the woman sitting next to John leaning down to chat with Katy. 
'onto more pressing matters, who sat LONG TIME EXES WITH A NASTY BREAKUP, katy perry and john mayer, so close to each other? omg they look so uncomfortable. evil work,' another wrote. 
'katy perry and john mayer interaction wasn't on my 2024 bingo card,' one joked. 
'seeing katy perry & john mayer talking together at sabrina carpenter's show last night is like listening to Save As Draft vs Still Feels Like Your Man but in an alternative universe,' one fan lamented. 
In 2017, Mayer confirmed his song Still Feel Like Your Man was about Perry, with the rocker telling the New York Times: 'Who else would I be thinking about?'
The exes were seated close by one another at Sabrina Carpenter's concert in Los Angeles on Sunday and were seen sharing a friendly chat
Videos posted online showed the exes catching up
John and Katy dated from 2012 to 2014; pictured 2013
Fans reacted to their close proximity on X
John told the Times that writing the song about Katy was 'a testament to the fact that I have not dated a lot of people in the last five, six years. That was my only relationship. So it’s like, give me this, people.'
Meanwhile, that same year, while Perry was on a break with Bloom, she was asked by James Corden to rank the bedroom skills of her exes Mayer, Orlando, and Diplo - and she ranked Mayer as number one. 
More recently, the relationship was brought back into the spotlight when American Idol contestant Noah Thompson performed Mayer's song on a 2022 episode of the show.
During that episode, the contestants were asked to sing a song selected by a judge. They were unaware which one of the judges selected it for them and were tasked with guessing who gave it them.
Thompson unfortunately guessed Perry was behind the song - prompting a hilarious response from her. 
Katy is now engaged to Orlando Bloom and has four-year-old daughter Daisy Dove with him; pictured in September 
'Noah... I feel like maybe you should Wikipedia me,' she said.  
Still oblivious, Thompson said, 'That's a big no then?' as Perry said she picked a John Denver song.
'It's all a great song, you did great, but I can't talk anymore,' Perry said, shaking her head before disappearing under the table.
Katy and John weren't the only celebs in attendance.
Cara Delevingne, Robin Thicke, socialite Petra Ecclestone, Riverdale star Madelaine Petsch, Sarah Michelle Gellar, were among the familiar faces catching the show.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group