By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:37, 5 October 2024   |  Updated:  16:45, 5 October 2024   
 12
View  comments
Tasha Ghouri took to her Instagram on Friday to share with her followers a round-up of her past few weeks on Strictly Come Dancing. 
The Love Island star, 26, who made her Strictly debut three weeks ago, shared a slew of sweet snaps of herself and her dance partner Aljaž Škorjanec, 34, as well as snaps of her family and boyfriend Andrew Le Page, 29. 
In one snap, the star looked incredible as she cut a stylish figure in a blue tulle dress which boasted an embellished bust and a semi-sheer embellished skirt. 
The star beamed as she posed with her proud parents Tarek and Nicky after scoring the highest ever for a Viennese waltz in week two. 
Meanwhile, in another sweet snap, the star beamed as she got a picture with Aljaž's wife Janette Manrara and their daughter Lyra. 
Tasha Ghouri took to her Instagram on Friday to share with her followers a round-up of her past few weeks on Strictly Come Dancing
The Love Island star, 26, who made her Strictly debut three weeks ago, shared a slew of sweet snaps of herself and her dance partner Aljaž Škorjanec, 34, as well as snaps of her family and boyfriend Andrew Le Page, 29
Tasha also shared a snap of her boyfriend Andrew with their dog Luna who looked adorable in a sunflower harness. 
She then gave an insight into the glamour backstage as she posed for a selfie with a pal ahead of the show. 
Meanwhile, in another snap, the star posed up a storm at rehearsals as she was joined by Andrew and her parents who proudly wore Team Tasha T-shirts. 
The beauty also cut an effortlessly chic figure in a structured beige blazer as she posed for a glam mirror selfie. 
Meanwhile, she gave fans an insight into her mornings at the Strictly studio as she cut a casual figure in a light grey hoody and jeans while posing with a hot beverage. 
Amongst the photodump, the star also shared a video of her glamorous ensemble from week one where she danced the Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's hit song Espresso. 
She captioned the snaps with: 'I’m so so buzzed for tomorrow!! I’ve never smiled so much, doing @bbcstrictly has bought me so much joy and I’m just loving every single second!!'
'I keep waking up and thinking is this real?! Rehearsals this week have been amazing and can’t wait to show you all Barbie and Ken!!'
In one snap, the star looked incredible as she cut a stylish figure in a blue tulle dress which boasted an embellished bust and a semi-sheer embellished skirt
Meanwhile, in another sweet snap, the star beamed as she got a picture with Aljaž's wife Janette Manrara and their daughter Lyra
Tasha also shared a snap of her boyfriend Andrew with their dog Luna who looked adorable in a sunflower harness
She then gave an insight into the glamour backstage as she posed for a selfie with a pal ahead of the show
Meanwhile, in another snap, the star posed up a storm at rehearsals as she was joined by Andrew and her parents who proudly wore Team Tasha T-shirts
The beauty also cut an effortlessly chic figure in a structured beige blazer as she posed for a glam mirror selfie
Meanwhile, she gave fans an insight into her mornings at the Strictly studio as she cut a casual figure in a light grey hoody and jeans while posing with a hot beverage
Amongst the photodump, the star also shared a video of her glamorous ensemble from week one where she danced the Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's hit song Espresso
She concluded with: 'A little strictly dump of the past few weeks (love heart emoji)'
This week is movie week on the BBC show, and Tasha and Aljaž could be hoping to top the leaderboard once again with their dance to Billie Eilish's What Was I Made For? from Barbie. 
Speaking to The Sun about being in the dance-off last week, contestant Toyah explained: 'Everyone was ­completely shocked. Tom is an Olympian, but when it comes to a dance-off I'm going to give my best against anyone.'
'They look at a tiny little 66-year-old who is either the same age as their mother or their granny - I fully understand that to young people I'm incredibly old, but I don't behave like that.'
Toyah added: 'I also like that some younger ­people might not know who I am because they might not know how strong I am.' 
She captioned the snaps with: 'I’m so so buzzed for tomorrow!! I’ve never smiled so much, doing @bbcstrictly has bought me so much joy and I’m just loving every single second!!'
Revealing her excitement for the next show, she continued: 'I keep waking up and thinking is this real?! Rehearsals this week have been amazing and can’t wait to show you all Barbie and Ken!!' 
Sharing a snap of herself and Aljaž the star concluded with: 'A little strictly dump of the past few weeks (love heart emoji)' 
Last weekend, Tom Dean became the first contestant to be booted from the show after Toyah Wilcox and her professional partner Neil Jones were saved by the judges (L-R) Tess Daly, Tom and partner Nadiya Bychkova
Speaking about being in the dance-off last week, contestant Toyah explained: 'Everyone was ­completely shocked. Tom is an Olympian, but when it comes to a dance-off I'm going to give my best against anyone' (Toyah and partner Neil Jones pictured)
Meanwhile, fellow celeb Montell has admitted she is struggling to dance in high heels.
She told The Mirror: 'So the hardest thing is not the routine – it’s the shoes. It’s doing it in a shoe that wants to break your foot. The shoe is designed to give you pain, which she does very well actually.'
The Gladiators star admitted that she is just 'not used' to wearing tall shoes and the whole thing feels like having to wear heels for the whole of a night out.
Montell is determined to embrace all the challenges in front of her even though she thinks she has so far appeared 'unrecognisable' in the first few rounds of the show.
She said: 'The only way to do it is really immerse yourself because you get to only do it once, so you might as well go hard or go home.'
'The first week I’m in a ball gown and looking very different. The next is a carnival samba thing. I’m unrecognisable.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group