Amanda Holden is one style icon whose wardrobe we are constantly in awe of. Filled with stunning dresses, suits, two-pieces and more, it's no surprise that when she shared a khaki shirt and skirt co-ord to social media, fans of the 53-year-old were begging to know where it was from.
The Britain's Got Talent judge posted the clip to Instagram from the south of Spain in Andalucia, in which she showed the house she was staying in with Alan Carr, what we suspect is, a trip for their latest DIY home renovation series, following on from the successful Alan & Amanda's Italian Job. She captioned the clip: "Omg @chattyman and I stayed here last night the most stunning place owned by @bertandmay called @casa_la_siesta check out my stories for outfits x watch till end."
It wasn't just the beauty of the property that captured the attention of her social media followers - but her green, khaki coloured top and skirt set from Nobody's Child, which just so happens to be reduced in price.
Read more: Sabrina Carpenter’s Met Gala skincare prep included this £7.50 sensitive skin-friendly cleanser
Read more: This Morning's Josie Gibson looks gorgeous in River Island co-ord that can be styled three ways
Shortly after posting the video compilation to her page, fans of the actress were quick to rush to the comments to voice their admiration for the blonde beauty's khaki look, with one stating: "How lucky are you looks amazing and you look absolutely stunning beautiful."
Another wrote: "Love the khaki outfit. If I’ve said it once I must have said it a hundred times, you two are a joy to watch. Series three I cannot wait to see."
A third stated: "Love the green outfit, where is it from?"
The Khaki Linen-blend Crop Top currently has almost £10 knocked off its price, making it £39.20, while the Khaki Linen-blend A Line Midi Skirt is now £52 down from £65. Ranging from size four to size 18, the co-ord is a beautifully, lightweight outfit combination, thanks to its makeup of organic cotton blended with linen.
The skirt has a flattering A-line cut that features a thick waistband and zip fastening, making it super comfortable - and versatile. Meanwhile, the shirt has a cropped design with a twisted knot detail on the bodice that highlights the deep V-neckline. The sleeves offer another dimension of drama with an elasticated cuff and slight puff style which is ruched at the shoulder.
What's lovely about this set too is that it can easily be dressed up - just add heels and some jewellery. Or, like Amanda, dressed down with some white trainers and a casual cross-body bag. Those who have already purchased the set have sung its praises, with one citing it's great pear-shaped figures. The shopper said: "Good for the pear shaped woman amongst us especially if paired with a big flared skirt."
Another said of the skirt: "This is a valuable capsule summer wardrobe edition. Fabric is great and sits nicely on waistline."
The only downside we can see (with no negative reviews to go from) is that the material doesn't have much stretch or give, being a cotton-linen blend and so it's worth bearing that in mind when ordering your size, whether you want a snug or regular fit.
What's lovely about this two-piece is that if you don't like the khaki, it is also available in black, here.
If you love trouser sets, Nobody's Child also has a selection of co-ords such as this plum linen-blend crop top and drawstring trousers.
Alternatively, River Island is a good place to look for co-ord sets - such as this Ecru Graphic Crochet Trim Shirt (£35) and matching shorts (£28). H&M also has some lovely shirt and skirt sets like this broderie anglaise satin skirt (£44.99) and shirt (£37.99).
If you've fallen in love with this two-piece worn by Amanda, get it from Nobody's Child.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.