Share
TMZ takes a deep dive into the drama surrounding troubled pop star Britney Spears.
Universal Pictures has acquired the rights to turn Britney Spears’ bestselling memoir "The Woman in Me" into a movie, according to multiple reports. 
Variety reports that "Wicked" director Jon M. Chu and producer Marc Platt will develop the feature film. 
Spears teased the movie on social media, posting on X (formerly Twitter) that she’s working on a "secret project" with Platt. 
READ MORE: Lady Gaga pulls out laptop, teases new music for fans outside Paris hotel
"He’s always made my favorite movies … stay tuned," she said. 
According to TMZ, they haven’t hired a casting director yet for the film, but Spears will reportedly have a say in who stars in the film. On Thursday, PEOPLE published a list of 10 actors who would potentially be a good fit for the role. They include Sabrina Carpenter, Tate McRae, Millie Bobby Brown and Sydney Sweeney, among others. 
Released in October 2023, "The Woman in Me" gives the pop superstar’s personal take on events that have played out publicly in her decades as one of the most scrutinized figures in American life, along with private moments that she previously kept under wraps.
READ MORE: Melania Trump to release first memoir, will reveal stories and photos 'never before shared with the public'
 "I poured my heart and soul into my memoir, and I am grateful to my fans and readers around the world for their unwavering support," Spears said when the book was released. 
MADRID, SPAIN - OCTOBER 26: Copies of the book ""The Woman In Me," Britney Spearss autobiography, is seen in the shelves of Casa del Libro bookshop on October 26, 2023 in Madrid, Spain. (Photo by Carlos Alvarez/Getty Images) 
It details her childhood and rise to stardom, along with her marriages, her nearly-14-year court conservatorship and even a brief mention of a July incident where she was hit in the face by security for NBA player Victor Wembanyama.
Much of "The Woman in Me" focuses on the father and sons, the husbands and boyfriends, who have dominated her life, for better and for worse. Several chapters are devoted to her relationship with Justin Timberlake, including deeply personal details about a pregnancy, abortion and painful breakup. In others she chronicles her custody fight with ex-husband Kevin Federline, and how it fueled what was viewed as a public meltdown.
The audio edition of "The Woman in Me," read by Oscar-nominated actor Michelle Williams, appears to be a key factor in the book’s initial popularity. Williams’ reading of "The Woman in Me" has been highly acclaimed, and according to Gallery, is the fastest selling audio release in the company’s history. 
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations