Rumours have emerged that Barry Keoghan, 32, has entered into a new relationship - just a day after news of his split from pop star Sabrina Carpenter, 25, broke.
The Saltburn star has been linked to TikTok personality Breckie Hill, 21, by fans. Breckie, who has millions of fans online, is a Sabrina lookalike, with a similar small frame and blonde waves. The duo haven’t confirmed a relationship, but were spotted getting close at a Hollywood hotel, according to The Sun.
Some fans of Sabrina, however, have gone a step further and accused Barry of cheating on her with Breckie. On TikTok, some fans of Sabrina created videos speculating that he’d cheated on her with Breckie while they were together. Breckie soon took things a step further and liked videos hinting at the alleged infidelity.
Just yesterday, news broke that Barry and Sabrina were putting a pin in their romance. An insider told People : "They are both young and career-focused, so they've decided to take a break." The news came after Instagram page Deuxmoi shared an anonymous post claiming that Barry and Sabrina had called it quits. The pair has been the subject of plenty of unfounded split claims over recent weeks, but neither has spoken out directly.
While the ins and outs of Sabrina and Barry’s relationship have been kept private, Barry has been very public in his thirsty comments on Sabrina’s Instagram posts. Sabrina took things a step further, and cast the actor as her love interest in the music video for her song 'Please Please Please.'
"I genuinely, like a not even biased opinion, was like, 'Who's the greatest actor that I can find for this music video?' And he was next to me, in a chair, and he was so excited about it. And he liked the song, which is great. He's a fan of the song,” Sabrina told CBS Sunday Morning of her choice to cast her beau in the role.
The former Disney child actress also gushed to Variety in August: "I don't want to sound biased, but I think he's one of the best actors of this generation. So getting to see him on the screen with my song as the soundtrack made the video better and all the more special."
Barry has been similarly vocal about his admiration for Sabrina, and opened up about the singer while on Louis Theroux’s podcast. "Listen, all I'm going to say is I'm incredibly blessed. Such a strong, independent lady who's massively talented…” he told the host, adding that she was "Pretty special.”
Some fans have theorized that Barry’s fatherhood might have served as a reason for his rumoured breakups with Sabrina. Barry shares his son, two-year-old Brando, with his ex-girlfriend Alyson Kierans, who works as a dentist in London. Barry recently lashed out at fans for suggesting he was snubbing his son in favour of the Hollywood life, and leaving all parenting to London dentist Alyson.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.