By 

	Thania Garcia


	Singer-songwriter Sabrina Carpenter has announced her upcoming global tour in support of her album “Short n’ Sweet,” due out Aug. 23.

	Carpenter is set to visit the UK and Europe in 2025 on a headlining arena tour that kicks off with a North American leg in Sept. 23 in Columbus, Ohio. Carpenter has already sold out a run of 33 arena shows in North America that includes dates in New York’s Madison Square Garden and the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. Tickets are available on Stubhub, VividSeats, SeatGeek and Ticketmaster. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					Jean Marsh, Emmy Winner and 'Upstairs, Downstairs' Co-Creator, Dies at 90		
			








Amaarae, Griff and Declan McKenna will be supporting Carpenter on the North American tour, while Rachel Chinouriri will be joining her as the support act on the new run of international dates. See the complete lineup below.




			Popular on Variety		






	Carpenter has partnered with PLUS1 on this tour to launch the Sabrina Carpenter Fund, which will support the well-being of people and animals, including national and local organizations working on the issues of mental health, animal welfare, and support for the LGBTQ+ community.

	Nearly six albums into her career, Carpenter made Hot 100 history with her new single “Please Please Please” debuting at No. 2, and “Espresso” rising to a new peak of No. 3 on the list. The 25-year-old singer-songwriter became the first solo act in the history of the Billboard chart to land two simultaneous top-three hits without having previously charted in that realm. 

	“Please Please Please” was completed by a cinematic music video starring “Saltburn” star and Carpenter’s real-life boyfriend, Barry Keoghan. The song was co-written with Amy Allen, who also helped pen “Espresso.”

	The singles will appear on her new album, “Short n’ Sweet,” due out Aug. 23. “This project is quite special to me and [I] hope it’ll be something special to you too,” she wrote on social media with the announcement. Half of the LP was produced by Jack Antonoff, along with returning collaborator, Julian Bunetta, as reported by Rolling Stone.

Carpenter released her fifth album “Emails I Can’t Send” in 2022, as well as its deluxe edition “Emails I Can’t Send Fwd” the following year. It became her highest-charting to date and boasted a hot single “Nonsense,” a song that caught fire after she provided alternate closing lyrics while opening for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour in South America and Australia. She also toured the album on her own 80-date headlining world tour.

	










North American “Short ‘n’ Sweet” 2024 tour dates: 

“Short ‘n’ Sweet” UK and European tour dates for March 2025

	3 – Dublin, 3Arena6 — Birmingham, Utilita Arena8 – London, The O211 – Glasgow, OVO Hydro13 — Manchester, Co-Op Live16 – Paris, Accor Arena19 –Berlin, Uber Arena22 – Brussels, ING Arena23 – Amsterdam, Ziggo Dome
The Business of Entertainment