Now that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are in a serious relationship, they seem to be getting to know one another's friends. Swift has befriended Kelce's Kansas City Chiefs teammate Patrick Mahomes and his wife, Brittany. And it looks like Kelce may be friendly with Swift's bestie, Selena Gomez—or he at least follows her on social media. The NFL star recently indicated he's been paying attention to his girlfriend's best friend and that he supports her blooming romance with music producer Benny Blanco.
On Thursday, GQ shared some photos of Gomez and Blanco out at the Los Angeles Lakers game. They were sitting courtside as the team played against the Miami Heat at Crypto Arena on Wednesday. Kelce was quick to “like” the photos, which admittedly included some pretty adorable shots of the couple being affectionate with one another.
In the pics, Gomez is wearing a striking black-and-white jacket over black pants, and silver boots. She accessorized with gold hoop earrings and had her hair down in waves. Blanco was wearing a white coat covered in pink and orange floral print, with white jeans and a white T-shirt. He had on several gold chain necklaces and bracelets. At one point, Blanco leaned in to kiss Gomez's hand.
Gomez and Kelce have not been pictured together in public, so it's unknown if they have met behind the scenes. The football player was not at Swift's birthday party in New York City earlier in December, and Gomez has not been seen at any of Kelce's games, though Swift was joined for one in New Jersey in October by her friends Blake Lively, Sophie Turner, Sabrina Carpenter, and Ryan Reynolds. 
The relationship between Gomez and Blanco was only revealed in December, though they reportedly have been dating for about six months. Since going public, Gomez has posted lots of photos with Blanco, obviously proud of their connection. 
In October, however, a source told Page Six that Gomez was concerned Swift and Kelce were “moving too fast.”
“Selena thinks Taylor going to games and galavanting through New York immediately after just meeting Travis is something that is very unlike her,” the insider claimed. “Historically, Taylor’s always been super private about everything, and now with this [relationship], she’s so open about it that it’s just very odd for Selena.”
But in mid-November, a source told Entertainment Tonight that Gomez now believed that Swift and Kelce are “the real deal” and she has become “a big supporter” of their relationship. 
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.