A team of 21 staff at London Luton Airport performed a choreographed routine to Joel Corry's hit 'Head & Heart' to mark the arrival of Radio 1's Big Weekend, set to kick off in Luton's Stockwood Park this Friday.
The routine was led by celebrity choreographer Remi Black, who has previously worked with six-time BRITS award-winner and R1BW headliner RAYE. The performance, which took several hours to perfect, featured high-vis vests, headphones, and illuminated signalling wands.
With support from colleagues across the airport and talented local dancers from Luton College and Next Gen Youth Theatre, the multi-coloured LED sticks and wands lit up the runway, catching the attention of passengers landing and waiting to take off nearby.
Neil Thompson, operations officer at London Luton Airport, said: "As Radio 1's Big Weekend descends upon our town, our teams have been going the extra mile to ensure a simple, friendly and welcoming experience for every act and passenger passing through the airport."
"Inspired by the Radio 1 dance stage, our staff have been marshalling in aircraft with an extra bounce and shuffle as we gear up to welcome thousands of visitors to Luton."
"It's all hands on deck to make this weekend an unforgettable experience for everyone and show just how proud we are to be a part of the celebrations."
The energetic routine was designed to give a warm welcome to passengers and international stars landing in Luton. Luton Airport staff are buzzing with excitement as they prepare for the influx of stars like Coldplay, Sabrina Carpenter and Becky Hill, who are all set to grace the stage over the weekend.
In a quirky twist, the airport is rolling out a special service allowing performers to submit their riders in advance. In a nod to Van Halen's infamous 'no brown' M&Ms request, these will be provided as a complimentary treat, ensuring a warm and personalised welcome for the artists.
With Radio 1's Big Weekend around the corner, Luton is gearing up for one of its most memorable weekends, as the festival is renowned for drawing in a global lineup, thousands of festival-goers and millions of TV viewers.
Aaron Salfairso, the airport's operational duty manager, commented: "It's been great to bring a bit of flair to the role and bring a smile to passengers' faces, while ensuring everything at the airport continues to run like 'clockwork' - which we're sure Coldplay would appreciate."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.