She’s 44, flirty, and thriving
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Kim Kardashian is giving the term birthday suit a whole new meaning. While she didn’t go fully nude to celebrate her 44th birthday, the reality star got about as close as she could, as evidenced by her latest Instagram Story.
The Skims founder marked her latest trip around the sun with a saucy, barely-there uniform: a naked nylon dress from Diesel.
The skintight design featured a bodysuit-style bodice, with spaghetti straps that looped across her shoulders and a line of embroidery that outlined her bust. Along the top of her thighs, the bodysuit was connected to a sheer maxi skirt, which shimmered with iridescent material and hugged her legs tightly.
The American Horror Story actor gave her followers a peek at the look on her Instagram Story, where she soundtracked the clip with a snippet from Sabrina Carpenter’s “Bed Chem.” Kardashian chose a fitting lyric to coincide with the look: “I was in a sheer dress the day that we met / We were both in a rush, we talked for a sec.”
Since the nude-colored design didn’t feature many embellishments, Kardashian made a statement with her accessories, which consisted of a large statement necklace with a diamond pendant in the shape of a cross, a dainty tennis bracelet, and a large diamond pinkie ring.
This certainly isn’t the first time Kardashian has worn a naked dress to celebrate a special occasion. Let’s not forget that nude Schiaparelli gown she wore to the 2023 Met Gala, which mainly covered her body in strands of pearls, or when she wore a see-through bodycon design to a friend’s wedding in 2016. One thing we love about Kim? She’s not afraid to bare it all.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.