Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Swifties are doing what they do best with their reactions to the Taylor Swift-adjacent pairing of Jake Gyllenhaal and Sabrina Carpenter on Saturday Night Live.
Carpenter — who opened for Swift on the Latin America, Asia, and Australian legs of her Eras Tour and is now friends with the singer — will be the musical guest on the May 18 episode of SNL. Gyllenhaal — Swift's ex-boyfriend — will host the episode. Fans, as expected, are reacting to the unexpected news like only they can.
"SNL knew what they were doing pairing jake gyllenhaal and sabrina carpenter together … they messy as hell for that," one person tweeted. "Whoever paired them together deserves a raise."
"NOT SABRINA CARPENTER BEING ON SNL WITH JAKE GYLLENHAAL YOU COULD NOT WRITE THIS S***," another shared in all-caps.
"Help this is gonna be unhinged," a fan purported.
Others strongly encouraged the "Espresso" singer to do something — anything — related to Swift on the episode.
"Girl you have the chance to do something really funny," one X user encouraged. "As a [Taylor] daughter you have one job!! @SabrinaAnnLynn," another wrote.
Some wanted the 14-time Grammy winner to get her scarf back from Maggie Gyllenhaal's house — a moment Swift refers on her fan-favorite Red track, "All Too Well."
"She's gonna get that scarf back 🧣," one fan predicted. "Get the scarf back miss girl @SabrinaAnnLynn," another insisted.
"We expect her to sing a cover of All Too Well," a second person chimed in.
Swift briefly dated Gyllenhaal in 2010 and the majority of her 2012 album Red has being theorized to be about him for years.
In 2022, the Donnie Darko actor reacted to the Taylor's Version rerelease of the album.
"Artists tap into personal experiences for inspiration, and I don't begrudge anyone that," he told Esquire at the time.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC