Kevin Mazur/MG24/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue
“Please Please Please” say it ain’t so! Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan have called time on their yearlong romance — and a source exclusively tells Life & Style that the couple’s busy schedules are to blame.
The Saltburn actor, 32, is currently filming Crime 101 in L.A., and the “Taste” singer, 25, has been on the road since September, when she kicked off the North American leg of her Short n’ Sweet Tour. “It was frustrating being apart so much, and the long-distance factor really did them in,” says the source. “Sabrina and Barry aren’t opposed to revisiting their relationship later down the road, but as of now: It’s over.”
The former couple sparked dating rumors in December 2023 when they were spotted heading to dinner together in Brentwood, California. The romance speculation continued when they were seen on several other outings, including at the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscars party together in March.
Barry and Sabrina eventually made their first red carpet appearance together at the Met Gala in May, where they arrived together and posed separately before reuniting at the end of the carpet to take a photo together.
Once they officially confirmed their romance, Barry and Sabrina seemingly became more comfortable with having their relationship in the spotlight and he even appeared in her June music video for her hit song “Please Please Please.”
Sabrina opened up about her decision to cast Barry in the music video while appearing on CBS Sunday Morning in October. “I, genuinely — like, a not-even-biased opinion — I was like, ‘Who’s the greatest actor that I can find for this music video?’ And he was next to me in a chair,” she explained. “And he was so excited about it.”
“And he likes the song, which is great. He’s a fan of the song,” Sabrina continued about Barry, adding that he “does like my music a lot, yeah.”
Barry continued to show support for Sabrina by attending several of her concerts, including her set at Coachella in April. However, split rumors began to swirl in August when gossip account DeuxMoi shared an anonymous tip implying that they called it quits. Neither Sabrina nor Barry ever commented on the report, and they appeared to be together until their split was reported in early December.
After news of their split broke, Barry faced backlash when rumors began to swirl that he cheated on Sabrina. In light of the allegations, the Bring Them Down actor issued a statement denying the claims and explained that he deleted his Instagram account in an effort to protect his son, Brando.
“I can only sit and take so much. My name has been dragged across the internet in ways I usually don’t respond to,” Barry wrote in a screenshot shared via his X account on December 7. “I have to respond now because it’s getting to a place where there are too many lines being crossed. I deactivated my account because I can no longer let this stuff distract from my family and my work. The messages I have received no person should ever have to read them. Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent and every other inhumane thing you can imagine. Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent and every other inhumane thing you can imagine.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: