Reese Witherspoon's white shorts were styled in the most relaxed and chic way and we're tempted to recreate this look ourselves

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Reese Witherspoon has proved why white shorts should be your casual summer staple as she wore hers with a gorgeous navy cardigan.
Reese Witherspoon has just showcased one of our favourite summer pieces and they’re perfect for the warmer weather right now in the UK. If you’re putting together a summer capsule wardrobe then you might have already looked into the biggest denim trends for 2024. However, when it comes to shorts for sunny days, you don’t always have to reach for a blue denim pair. Taking to Instagram the star shared a fun video showing her realising she was wrong about some of the lyrics to Sabrina Carpenter’s song, Espresso. 
At the beginning she’s seen sitting happily on the grass wearing gorgeous white shorts, showing that simple outfits can often be hard to beat. Her shorts appear to be a soft, lightweight fabric rather than a more stiff denim, though the look is equally chic. Instead of baring the majority of her legs in very short shorts, Reese’s pair are a flattering thigh length.
A post shared by Reese Witherspoon (@reesewitherspoon)
A photo posted by on 
This is such a lovely length for summer heatwaves and the bright white shade immediately draws the eye. White jeans outfits are never easy and you might be tempted to feel the same way about styling white shorts, but Reese has proved otherwise. She wore hers with a cosy navy knitted cardigan that had plenty of texture to the fabric in an almost broderie-anglaise pattern.
RRP: £65 | These beautiful linen shorts are also available in a range of other shades and patterns, but the white colourway is especially versatile. They're crafted from 80% linen and 20% recycled linen and are fitted through the waist and hip with a relaxed, comfortable fit on the leg.
RRP: £19.50 | These white denim shorts are incredibly affordable if you want to put your own twist on Reese Witherspoon's summer outfit. They are mid-rise, with a hint of stretch to the fabric and a classic five-pocket design. Pair with a simple cotton t-shirt or a lightweight knit.
RRP: £148 | If you've been looking for a pair of white tailored shorts then the search might finally be over. These linen blend shorts have an elegant pleat down the front of each leg and a mid-rise fit. The design means these can easily be dressed up with a lovely shirt or dressed down with a cami and trainers.
The contrasting lengths creates a sense of balance and helps to give a look more coverage if you’re not comfortable baring so much skin in the summer. This is also how Reese Witherspoon wears white jeans and her choice of cardigan introduced another tone into her look. The bold navy blue stood out against the white shorts but because both were very neutral shades, the overall effect wasn’t too overpowering.
White shorts like Reese’s would work just as well with any other colours and provide a plain base of an outfit, making them very versatile during a time of year where vibrant colours and patterns tend to rule supreme. Alternatively if you want to keep things monochrome then white shorts with a black cardigan, t-shirt or cami top would create instant impact.
Perfect for cooler summer days or when there’s a chilly breeze, long sleeved light cardigans or tops can look stunning with white shorts. Reese Witherspoon finished off her outfit with a pair of simple white trainers with a minimal pop of bright pink on them. 
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
They transformed her look into something a little more casual and this is a great tip to avoid white tailored shorts looking too formal or work-wear appropriate, although you could just as easily lean into this for a hot summer’s day in the office and wear them with a shirt.
A post shared by Reese Witherspoon (@reesewitherspoon)
A photo posted by on 
Alternatively, white denim and white linen shorts are also fabulous, relaxed options. However you want to wear white shorts, they are always handy to have in your wardrobe and Reese Witherspoon’s sophisticated summer style is something we’re eager to replicate. Her recent post came just a month after the Big Little Lies star shared a picture of herself wearing white jeans on board a boat, styled with a white v-neck jumper.
"Don’t worry about a thing... except going overboard!" she wrote, alongside the snap of her in a beautiful all-white outfit.
Emma is a Royal Editor with eight years experience working in publishing. She specialises in the British Royal Family, ranging from protocol to outfits. Alongside putting her royal knowledge to good use, Emma knows all there is to know about the latest TV shows on the BBC, ITV and more. When she’s not writing about the latest royal outing or unmissable show to add to your to-watch list, Emma enjoys cooking, long walks and watching yet more crime dramas!

There are plenty of places we can imagine the Prince and Princess of Wales enjoying family outings to, but this wasn’t on my list.


Perfect for staying elegant and comfortable all summer long


The star's fresh take on the classic ensemble is perfect for this time of year


Gingham is a staple part of Reese's summer wardrobe and she looks incredible every time


Reese's latest Instagram video features sweet blue gingham and classic blue denim


Reese took to Instagram to share a series of snaps from her recent trip to Denmark and Sweden


Reese Witherspoon wore a fabulous floral wrap dress to her niece's graduation and her glamorous hairstyle finished off the look perfectly


Reese looked gorgeous with a full fringe and white summer dress in a photo with her children


The Hello Sunshine producer looked super stylish at an event in LA and we love the bold and bright look


Fans praise Mindy Kaling's top-notch coordinated summer look


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.