13 December 2024

Shawn Mendes considered quitting music to be a therapist.
Shawn Mendes considered a new career path
The 26-year-old singer cancelled his 'Wonder' world tour after just seven shows in 2022 for mental health reasons and he admitted he "absolutely" thought about giving up his career for good.
Asked what his alternative plan was, he told John Mayer on 'How's Life': “I have no idea. For real, I seriously thought about, I actually took a small therapy course and I was like, ‘I might just become a therapist in a small town,’” he said. “It’d be weird at first for everyone, and then eventually they would just get used to it.”
Elsewhere in the interview, Shawn - who recently declared he is still figuring out his sexuality and previously romanced Camila Cabello and Sabrina Carpenter - admitted he is ready to find love.
Asked if he's going to date again, he said: “Yes. For sure. I think, yeah. I guess as long as we’re living, we are healing."

And while Sabrina's hit single 'Taste' is widely believed to be about their romance, it hasn't put the 'Stitches' hitmaker off the idea of dating another singer/songwriter because he feels the "beauty" of falling in love is worth the "suffering" of potentially being depicted negatively in a song.

He said: “I wouldn’t stop myself from falling in love with another songwriter. It’s a no-brainer to me that the suffering that is from hearing a song maybe talking about you in a way you don’t want to be talked about is not even close to the beauty of falling in love with someone for the first time.

“It’s a funny feeling to feel like you’re being written about, and like maybe the whole picture is not being expressed."

But Shawn admitted it "sucks" to hear songs about himself.

He said: “It sucks to feel like … It’s a funny feeling to feel like you’re being written about, and maybe the whole picture’s not being expressed.”


Tagged in  John Mayer
Shawn Mendes
Camila Cabello


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.08228s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 07:41:22