Sabrina Carpenter fans were elated earlier this month when it was announced she will be hitting the UK on an extensive tour. Arriving in Great Britain in March, the Espresso singer will be playing five shows across the country, all of which are being held at arenas. These are some of the biggest venues in England, and are sure to make her short stint on this side of the pond even more special.
However, when tickets were released over the weekend they sold out almost everywhere very quickly. As a result, many fans missed out on the opportunity to attend Sabrina Carpenter's Short n' Sweet Tour. Thankfully, there are plenty of tickets still available at a number of online resale websites, including viagogo. We've got the full breakdown of how you can get yours now.
  Don't miss...    Singer sparks outrage over ‘absurd’ and 'appalling' UK ticket prices  
Sites such as viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
With that said, viagogo also commented: "viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee."
Sabrina Carpenter resale tickets are available right now through various resale websites, including viagogo, Vivid Seats and more.
These websites allow fans to buy and sell tickets they have already bought. However, that means their prices may be a little inflated from the original face value.
At the time of writing, some Sabrina Carpenter tickets are available on viagogo £115 each. Here's the breakdown:
VIAGOGO - Buy Sabrina Carpenter tickets here.
VIVID SEATS - Buy Sabrina Carpenter tickets here.
STUBHUB - Buy Sabrina Carpenter tickets here.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
  Don't miss...    Sabrina Carpenter confirms UK tour dates - here's when you can get tickets  
If you'd rather look for Sabrina Carpenter tickets from official channels, we also have that information for you.
Tickets were first released from the likes of Ticketmaster and Live Nation.
And while they sold out quickly, further tickets may still be released in the coming weeks.
Here's the links you need:
TICKETMASTER - Buy Sabrina Carpenter tickets here.
LIVE NATION - Buy Sabrina Carpenter tickets here.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated