Zayn Malik will perform two shows in New York City on Nov. 2 and Nov. 3.
UPDATE: Zayn Malik has postponed his “Stairway To The Sky Tour” and just announced new tour dates. He will now perform in New York City on Jan. 24 and 25, 2025.
From “Dusk Till Dawn” we will be thinking about getting our hands on Zayn’s tour tickets.
The former One Direction member is set to embark on his “Stairway To The Sky Tour” this October, making it his first solo tour since leaving the band.
“Appreciate your patience, love, and support. Can’t wait to enjoy great music together. This time I really mean soon,” Zayn Malik said in an Instagram post.
Plus, Malik announced a second New York City show after fans sold out the first one.
Zayn will perform two shows in New York City on Nov. 2 and Nov. 3, making it the final stop for the U.S. leg before beginning the international tour dates.
This is a tour that is destined to sell out tickets, so you better act fast if you want to get your hands on them.
The general sale for Zayn’s “Stairway To The Sky” tour will begin on Sept. 21 at 11 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
Fans can also secure tickets through secondary market websites such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity, and Seat Geek.
Currently, the cheapest ticket we could find for his Nov. 2 show ahead of the general sale, before fees, is $263 on Vivid Seats.
For his Nov. 3 show in New York City, the cheapest ticket we could find on the secondary market is $206 on Vivid Seats.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Zayn’s first solo tour will have 18 shows, which will begin on Oct. 23 in San Francisco, Calif., and will wrap up on Dec. 4 in Manchester, Great Britain. The tour was originally announced with only 13 stops, but due to high demand for tickets, five more shows were added to the limited tour schedule.
The tour will be in support of his latest and fourth solo album, “Room Under The Stairs”, which dropped on May 17.
The singer originally announced the fall tour during a surprise walk-on during “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon”.
This is the full schedule of his upcoming tour dates:
Oct. 23 — San Francisco, CA @ Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
Oct. 25 — Las Vegas, CA @ The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas
Oct. 27 — Los Angeles, CA @ Shrine Expo Hall
Oct. 28 — Los Angeles, CA @ Shrine Expo Hall
Oct. 30 — Washington, DC @ The Anthem
Nov. 2 — New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
Nov. 3 – New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
Nov. 20 — Edinburgh, UK @ O2 Academy
Nov. 20 — Edinburgh, UK @ O2 Academy
Nov. 23 — Leeds, UK @ O2 Academy
Nov. 24 — Manchester, UK @ O2 Apollo
Nov. 26 — London, UK @ Eventim Apollo
Nov. 27 — London, UK @ Eventim Apollo
Nov. 29 — Wolverhampton, UK @ Wolverhampton The Halls
Nov. 30 — Manchester, UK @ O2 Apollo
Dec. 2 — Leeds, UK 2 O2 Academy
Dec. 3 — Newcastle, UK @ O2 City Hall
Dec. 4 — Manchester, UK @ O2 Apollo
It comes as no surprise that Zayn’s bulk of his short 2024 tour will take place in the UK, as he is from Bradford, a northern city in West Yorkshire, England.
Zayn Malik is not the only artist performing in New York City this year.
Here are a few more tours you do not want to miss: Sabrina Carpenter, Maggie Rogers, Kelsea Ballerini and Duran Duran.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices