Senior Staff Arts Reporters Hafsah Abbasi, Sarina Bell and Afton Okwu discuss pink cowboy hats and Outside Lands from the grounds of the festival. Their conversation has been edited for clarity. 
Sarina: Dearests, what do we think of this festival?
Hafsah: Oh, is it recording? 
Afton: It’s been recording. Is that Post Malone?
Sarina: No way. 
Hafsah: That’s Post. 
Sarina: Shut up. 
Afton: This festival has really cemented for me that country music has taken over. And it already has, but as a hesitant country fan, I was a little frightened by the sudden cultural obsession. With Post Malone doing his advertised “special country set,” it feels pretty cemented! We are also seeing all these pink cowboy hats for Chappell Roan. 
Sarina: Do you see that as an Outside Lands specific thing or a worldwide phenomenon? 
Afton: I see it as an American phenomenon, I don’t know if it’s worldwide. I do have a theory that the country music’s takeover of the 2020s pop genre is to Trump’s presidency what rap music’s takeover of the 2010s pop genre is to Obama’s presidency (laughing) but we don’t need to make that a part of this conversation. 
Sarina: Holy s— (laughing) That’s really funny, because my sense is that this is a very liberal festival and that intersects with Chappell Roan, a very queer progressive artist, in a very peculiar way. It’s funny, I feel that the people I know aren’t leaning towards country, but the artists that they like are. And I wonder why artists want to move into the country field. 
Afton: Right.
Sarina: My suspicion is that the relationship that country fans have to country is in some way more comfortable that the relationship that pop fans have to country, for example. And if I was being more suspicious, I would say that has to do with the pressure of standom on pop stars and them wanting to have a more relatable aesthetic. Country bills itself as a humanizing genre — whether that’s true or not I don’t know. 
Hafsah: On the topic of Chappell: people have talked a lot about how this year has seen the rebirth of the relatable pop star. And I’ve seen that specifically attributed to Chappell and her star image, which is predicated on this idea that she was signed to a record label, dropped, and came back. She is real because she struggled. 
Sarina: Interesting. 
Hafsah: She is more authentic because, until very recently, she lived what people see as a working class existence.    
Afton: Oh, really! I feel that I’ve seen a resurgence of the unattainable pop star. I am not necessarily a Sabrina Carpenter fan, but I find her fascinating. To me she’s trying to lean so far away from the relatable pop star image. And while I do think Chappell Roan has this very relatable image behind the scenes and in her lyrics, she’s also incredibly campy. And then with Charli XCX being this huge, campy figure — yes, in a way that’s not pristine — but not in a way that’s trying to be relatable. 
Hafsah: It’s interesting that you use those two figures because I think you're right that both of their images are larger than life in different ways. But also because I’ve seen music writers refer to those two artists as the markers of the relatable pop star being back. I feel like they balance both. 
Sarina: We seem to demand suffering from our pop stars and unattainability at the same time. I am wondering what it is about different pop stars that makes their fans crave different things? Maybe something about beauty ideals — that there is something about the blondeness and the beautifulness of Sabrina Carpenter that makes her inherently unrelatable. 
Hafsah: I agree with that. 
Sarina: Returning to the pink cowboy hat briefly: there is this question about if it is about relatability or escapism, but I feel that it is fully sort of an escapism. That cowboys are an American myth. Just as UFOs are an American Myth and pop stars will have their “alien” era. Country is a shiny new form of escapism. 
Afton: Totally agree, that’s why... I guess we are going to talk about my theory. (Laughing) I trace the rise of cowboy aesthetics to 2019 Lil Nas X, and I see the origins as an ironic liberal “put-on” emerging from the rising sense of nationalism in the United States. And as it continued to be used and co-opted it dissolved into simply a style. Last night, I saw someone wearing a shirt that said “J’adore Cowboys.” (laughing)
Sarina: We could do a whole article on the graphic tee’s at this festival, with the “Kalama Brat” shirts we’ve seen. I do think it is funny that Charli XCX has been the ghost of Outside Lands. Because she is such an icon of pop, but also because of the SF Gate article speculating if Kamala would be at the festival. Literally making her the ghost. Where is she? Where is Kamala? (laughing)
Afton: Right, because she’s not at the Lands End stage. 
Sarina: Is she at Twin Peaks? Is she at Casa Bacardí? I don’t know! 
Afton: As we come to the end of our time here, has it met all of your hopes and dreams? 
Hafsah: Hope’s weren’t that lofty, dreams weren’t going crazy. (laughing)
Afton: I’ve had a complete blast. 
Sarina: It’s cool being in a place and time that so many people have been waiting for. And have been planning their outfits for and their hair washes around. It all fits nicely into Outside Lands even though … festivals are weird as hell. 
Hafsah: Yeah, they are. 
Sarina: We should give people a lay of the land. 
Afton: We are sitting at the media tent, about a crow’s flight (laughing) from the Post Malone special country set. And he’s having a great time, it seems. 
Reporters from the Arts Department dish culture, and any art that gets us talking. Contact today's at habbasi@dailycal.org, bells@dailycal.org and aokwu@dailycal.org, and the whole department at arts@dailycal.org — or follow us on twitter. 
Since 2008, festival Outside Lands has transformed Golden Gate Park into a sanctuary of merriment, music and marijuana. 2024 was no different,…
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: