Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Danielle Fishel, best known for her role as Topanga Lawrence in the popular US sitcom Boy Meets World, has revealed she's been diagnosed with an early form of breast cancer and will be undergoing surgery. The actress, who starred alongside Ben Savage (Cory Matthews) from 1993 to 2000, also appeared in Disney's spin-off Girl Meets World from 2014 until 2017, which featured US pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter.
"I was recently diagnosed with DCIS, which stands for Ductal carcinoma in situ, which is a form of breast cancer," Danielle shared on the Pod Meets World podcast she co-hosts with her Boy Meets World co-stars Rider Strong and Will Friedle. Rider.
"It is very, very, very early, it's technically stage zero," the 43 year old actress reassured fans. "I'm going to be fine, I'm having surgery to remove it, I'm going to be on some follow-up treatment I've had to make a lot of decisions over the last couple of days."
Initially, Danielle thought she would keep her diagnosis private until she was "on the other side of it". However, reading works by US author Glennon Doyle inspired her to share her journey and she explained that the beginning and middle of her journey is something that she could learn from "the most".
After being diagnosed, the actress admitted that her initial reaction was to only tell her immediate family and that she was only going to tell "a few select friends". Yet, as she opened up to more people, she discovered many who had similar experiences with cancer diagnoses.
"The only reason I caught this cancer when it is still stage zero is because the day I got my text message that my yearly mammogram was coming up, I made the appointment," she explained. "They found it so, so, so, so early that I'm going to be fine."
As she spoke about her own diagnosis, Danielle also encouraged others to get checked out. "I want to share this because I hope it will encourage anyone to get in there. If it's time for your appointment (or) if you've never had an appointment before, get in there," she explained. "If you have to find out that you have cancer, find out when it's at stage zero if possible."
Danielle also mentioned she faces "big decisions" regarding her treatment and confessed "I don't have all the answers yet", but reassured fans, "I'm going to be fine".