No need to wait for the next Amazon Prime Day to score serious savings.
The mega-retailer is heralding warmer weather with hot deals at its Summer Beauty Haul, offering a $10 promotional credit with your $50 purchase of beauty products sold and shipped by Amazon.
Now through May 19, 2024, just be sure to enter the code BEAUTYHAUL at checkout, and the voucher will be emailed within 24 hours of the order shipping.
Not sure where to start your shopping? Read on for a few celebrity favorites you’re sure to adore, from smile-worthy teeth whitening strips to the lip mask worth buying in bulk.
So many stars swear by Laneige’s lip mask, it just might be easier to name a celeb who hasn’t name-dropped the product in an interview or social post.
Kendall Jenner, Brooke Shields, Kate Hudson and Drew Barrymore are among the many famous folks who love the stuff — which, yes, you can use during the day and not just while you snooze.
Searching for the secret behind stars’ megawatt smiles? Alix Earle, Ashley Graham and Kyle Richards have all plugged these bestselling, immensely popular whitening strips in the past.
If you’re looking to take your dental hygiene routine to the next level, Olivia Culpo’s Amazon favorites include this water flosser she once spotlighted in a livestream.
Bundle beauty products to score a wow-worthy deal on this viral frizz-busting spray, which celebrity hairstylist Chris Appleton uses on clients like Kim Kardashian and Jennifer Lopez.
While Kendall Jenner’s rocked budget-friendly L’Oréal products on plenty of red carpets since becoming the brand’s global face, this lip stain is her “absolute favorite,” as she once told Harper’s Bazaar.
“It’s a liquid lipstick, and it’s so easy to wear, never smudges, and feels super hydrating — I love it,” she added.
Hailey Bieber has called this tinted SPF her “holy grail” — and it just so happens to be almost 25% off at Amazon right now.
Plenty of stars rely on St. Tropez products for a sun-kissed glow sans harmful UV rays — including longtime brand partner Ashley Graham, who used its offerings to get Met Gala-ready this year.
Meghan Markle name-checked this luxe styling spray to Birchbox during her “Suits” days, saying there’s “nothing like a hair flip.”
“When my hair is feeling a little weighted, Suanne, my hair artist on set, has me bend forward and she sprays a little Oribe Dry Texturizing Spray or nothing at all, and then has me ‘flip back hard’ to give my hair a little extra bounce,” she explained.
While Dyson’s viral multitasking styler rarely goes on sale outside of Black Friday, it’s included in the Summer Beauty Haul savings event. Everyone from Sabrina Carpenter to Jeremy Allen White has used it to prep for red carpets, while Khloé Kardashian told the Hollywood Reporter it “gives you that beautiful blowout look that we all long for, and it’s super easy to use.”
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.