It's giving 1950s romance
If there's one person who knows how to do dreamy romance with a side of cheeky, it's Sabrina Carpenter. The 25-year-old is renowned for her (quite literally) Short n' Sweet fits, ranging from sparkly sweetheart bodysuits to sheer nighties worn as dresses. 
And now, she's debuted another stunning look to add to the archives - and it's giving *major* Hopelessly Devoted to You vibes. Posting snaps from her very first Tiny Desk concert, which she playfully described as "just Desk for me," Sabrina looked unreal in a sheer baby blue pleated mini dress. 
The short halter-neck garment was cropped at the top of her thighs, which revealed a pair of blue lace suspenders - a staple in the Sabrina Carpenter wardrobe these days. The Grammy-nominated singer then complimented the 1950s-esque look with an all-over glowing tan and some baby blue heels.
Over in the hair department, Sabrina went for her signature Hollywood voluminous waves, with her blonde bangs parted in the middle to frame her face. As for makeup, the musician also stuck to her trusty palette, painting her face with a rosy blush, a layer of mascara, and glossy nude-lined lips. 
Due to the double bubble (i.e. Sabrina's sensual fit and the release of her debut Tiny Desk show), a slew of fans took to the comments section to share the love.
"She's an icon, she's a legend and she is the moment," one person penned, while another said: "Thank you for our early Christmas present."
Meanwhile, a third typed: "OMG SO SLAY," as a fourth simply added: "A princess."
Sophie Williams is a Freelance Journalist and Copywriter, covering everything from Fashion to Entertainment to music, Lifestyle and Features. She has interviewed a range of musical artists and authors including Alyssa Edwards, Courtney Barnett, Confidence Man, The Vaccines, Loyle Carner, Gabrielle, and John Niven, and has written for publications like Metro, Reader's Digest, ITV's Woo! and Vice’s NBGA. She is also working on a book for HarperCollins about Taylor Swift, due to be published in 2024.  
Flo's leather dress has an extreme af thigh split
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Kylie Jenner's spaghetti strap red minidress is 🔥
Hailey Bieber's 'naked' bikini is invisible!
The best push-up bras to shop for that extra lift
These 7 'ugly shoes' are trending RN, here's why
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
Flared jeans are the biggest fashion item of 2025
 & Other Stories unveils 2025 collab with Roksanda
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
This £4 accessory is the hair trend of the summer 
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.