By ALI DAHER  and PADRAIG COLLINS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  15:10, 20 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:01, 20 February 2024   
 3
View  comments
An inner-city Italian trattoria frequented by dozens by Aussie celebrities had its most famous customer yet on Tuesday night
Taylor Swift literally stopped traffic on Tuesday night when she stepped out for dinner in Sydney.
The global superstar, 34, shocked onlookers at Pellegrino 2000, a neighbourhood trattoria located in Surry Hills.
The restaurant, which was voted NSW's No1 in 2022, is the second outlet opened by acclaimed chefs Daniel Pepperell and Michael Cliff and sommelier Andy Tyson, who also run the popular Bistrot 916 in Potts Point. 
Pellegrino 2000 has dozens of celebrity fans, including Channel Nine's Sylvia Jeffreys, MasterChef Australia's Melissa Leong, Farmer Wants a Wife host Samantha Armytage,  radio presenter Kate Ritchie, cricket WAG Emma Lyon and podcaster Abbie Chatfield.
The self-described 'neighbourhood trattoria', the popular restaurant is known for its Italian fare as well as its wine.
The restaurant has a Google review rating of 4.5 out of five stars from 456 reviews.
A local in the know said the restaurant's prices are 'very reasonable for Sydney'.
'Taylor could have chosen plenty of pricey restaurants to eat at, but opted for something local.'
Taylor Swift (pictured) literally stopped traffic on Tuesday night when she stepped out for dinner in Sydney 
The global superstar shocked onlookers at Pellegrino 2000 (pictured), a neighbourhood trattoria located in Surry Hills
Taylor Swift sent the crowds completely wild when she used an iconic Australian phrase during her second Eras show at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday
Pastas start from $34 while a four course  set menu will set diners back $89 per person.
Pellegrino 2000 has both inside and outdoor dining options.
Booked reservations are essential.
It's understood Swift didn’t book out the entire restaurant and enjoyed her meal alongside other paying customers.
Swift looked every inch the hipster local on Tuesday night, opting for a low-key black gypsy top paired with a brown suede skirt for the outing.
The Shake It Off hitmaker accessorised her off-duty look with a delicate necklace, and a jet black belt to cinch in her waist.
She wore her blonde locks natural for her night out on the town, and highlighted her famous visage with a classic makeup palette consisting of a defined eye and statement lip.
The one-woman economy made the most of her night off with fellow singer Sabrina Carpenter, who is currently supporting Taylor on her sell-out Eras Tour.
The Girl Meets World star dazzled in a red minidress with white fringe detailing and simple back tights.
Carpenter accessorised her look with a classic Louis Vuitton handbag, and carried a black leather look jacket to protect herself from the unpredictable Sydney weather of late.
The Pennsylvania-born native wore her flash of blonde hair dead straight for her night out in the hip inner city suburb.
Swift is currently enjoying four days of rest and relaxation in the Harbour City after her Eras Tour took Melbourne by storm, selling out three days at the famed MCG.
The megastar jetted into Sydney on Monday afternoon and is staying at Crown's presidential villa in Barangaroo.
On Tuesday morning, her private jet took to the skies on a flight bound for Honolulu, amid reports its headed there to pick up her NFL star beau Travis Kelce.
Pellegrino 2000's one page menu features reasonably priced Italian fare (pictured)
MasterChef Australia's Melissa Leong (pictured) is also a fan of the inner Sydney restaurant
Kelce dropped a huge hint that he could head Down Under on this week's episode of his New Heights podcast, claiming that he would 'venture to an island real soon' with the best ones being 'south' of the US.
He added that next week's podcast is a pre-recorded guest episode which he is not featured in, which led fans to believe he would join his girlfriend in Sydney – and maybe travel with her to Singapore for her shows in the first week of March.
Rumours are also heating up that Swift and Kelce will enjoy enjoy a romantic holiday together in Queensland during their time Down Under.
Swift is set to perform four shows in Sydney from Friday, February 23 to Monday February 26.
Foodbank Victoria's announcement after receiving a sizeable donation from global megastar Taylor Swift is pictured 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group