The Vermont native and singer of the hard rock band, Staind, is coming to Springfield, MA as part of his “The American Patriot Tour.” 
The tour will stop at Springfield Symphony Hall in Springfield, MA on Sunday, December 22. Tickets go on sale on Friday, August 16 but fans can shop for tickets now using reliable resale ticket vendors such as StubHub, VividSeats and SeatGeek.
Aaron Lewis first found success with the hard rock group ‘Staind’ - which was founded in Springfield in the mid-1990s. He is still a part of the band but has branched out on his own to find success in a solo career. 
A series of his solo Country projects have led to two No. 1 Billboard Country Album debuts, including “Town Line” (2011) and “Sinner” (2016). Lewis’ 2022 solo album followed suit, with “Frayed at Both Ends” emerging as the best-selling Country album in America.
As of Thursday, August 15 the cheapest tickets to the Springfield, MA show are $71 on StubHub, $78 on VividSeats and $73 on SeatGeek. 
Here is a look at the full schedule for Aaron Lewis’ “The American Patriot” tour with links to purchase tickets:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices