Trippie Redd performs on Day 3 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Saturday, July 31, 2021, at Grant Park in Chicago.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Trippie Redd has announced a five-date tour throughout the Midwest from September 21 to September 27, titled “Phase I Midwest.”
The “Miss The Rage” rapper will perform at the Steelhouse Omaha, The Criterion in Oklahoma, Vibrant Music Hall in Waukee, The Fillmore Detroit and The Sylvee in Madison.
Tickets went on sale to the general public on August 9 and can purchased online through Live Nation or secondary market platforms like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Prices range between $49.50-$105+ depending on the date.
September 21 – Omaha, NE – Steelhouse Omaha (tickets)
September 22 – Oklahoma City, OK – The Criterion (tickets)
September 24 – Waukee, IA – Vibrant Music Hall (tickets)
September 26 – Detroit, MI – The Fillmore Detroit (tickets)
September 27 – Madison, WI – The Sylvee (tickets)
Trippie Redd has released five studio albums, two deluxe albums, six mixtapes and eight extended plays, along with numerous singles. On March 29, he released “genre : sadboy,” a collaborative extended play with Machine Gun Kelly, which received unfavorable reviews. Additionally, he has released two new singles this month: “Bando Kid” and “LGLG.” Some of his best-known hits include “1400 / 999 Freestyle,” “Topanga,” “Taking a Walk” and “Love Scars.”
Can’t get enough live music? Trippie Redd isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, Shawn Mendes and Tinashe.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices