Partly cloudy skies. High 78F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph..
A mostly clear sky. Low 51F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 1:57 am
Abby Ann Ramsey covers Florence and the Pee Dee for The Post and
Courier. She graduated from the University of Tennessee in her
hometown of Knoxville before moving to South Carolina.

Abby Ann Ramsey covers Florence and the Pee Dee for The Post and
Courier. She graduated from the University of Tennessee in her
hometown of Knoxville before moving to South Carolina.
A native of Mullins, S.C., Michael Finkley is nominated for his work on Latin artist Antonio Vergara’s album “The Fury."
FLORENCE — The 2025 Grammy Awards boast a slew of nods to big-name musicians with artists like Beyonce, Sabrina Carpenter and Taylor Swift leading the pack.
Seven artists with ties to the Palmetto State, however, are also nominated to receive one of the most prestigious awards in the music industry.
South Carolina has a rich history of music, producing acclaimed acts like rock band Hootie & the Blowfish, Southern rockers The Marshall Tucker Band, soul legend James Brown and folk duo Shovels & Rope.
This year’s S.C. nominees range in genre from classical to country to blues.
Whether they’re natives or now live in the Palmetto State, these artists will compete for an award at the 67th Grammy Awards on Feb. 2.
A native of Mullins, Michael Finkley is nominated for his participation in Latin artist Antonio Vergara’s album “The Fury,” which is up for an award in the Best Contemporary Blues Album category.
Finkley collaborated with Vergara to contribute background vocals on the album, which has set itself apart in the category for its musical diversity and inclusion of many collaborators.
“I am very excited to be a part of this amazing project, and thank you Antonio for trusting me within your work,” Finkley said in a press release.
Finkley released a single titled “Biggest Dream Come True” in March 2023, which is available for streaming on all major platforms.
The Pee Dee native is a graduate of Allen University in Columbia and is a social media influencer who hosts “The Michael Finkley Show,” a talk show that covers everything from politics to social issues to entertainment.
Clay Ross (left) performs at the Spoleto Festival Jazz Series in 2013.
Folk band American Patchwork Quartet’s self-titled album was nominated in the Best Folk Album category and features guitar player Clay Ross, a South Carolina native.
Ross is the founder of the Charleston-based band Ranky Tanky, which won Best Regional Roots Music Album at the 62nd and 65th Grammy Awards.
Ross graduated from the College of Charleston in 1998 and eventually moved to New York City. Outside of his work with Ranky Tanky and American Patchwork Quartet, he has worked with artists like Gregory Porter, Snarky Puppy and Bobby McFerrin.
Also up for an award at this year’s Grammys is Mak Grgic, an assistant professor of guitar at the University of South Carolina’s School of Music.
Mak Grgic & Ensemble Dissonance’s album “Entourer” is nominated in the Best Classical Instrumental Solo category.
“What an honor it is to be in such great company in consideration for this award. The level of quality and range of diversity in the music of my peers is inspiring,” Grgic posted on Instagram acknowledging the nomination.
A native of Ljubljana, Slovenia, Grgic is a classical guitarist. This is his third nomination in the category, but he has yet to take home the award.
Columbia native Andy Akiho is nominated alongside Grgic in Best Classical Instrumental Solo category for his work "Akiho: Longing." His "Akiho: BeLonging" also earned a nomination in the Best Classical Compendium category.
This year's nominations come after Akiho was up for awards in the Best Contemporary Classical Composition category in the 2022, 2023 and 2024 Grammy Awards.
The composer and percussionist graduated from the University of South Carolina's School of Music in 2001 and is now based in Portland, Oregon.
Assistant Professor of Cello at the University of South Carolina's School of Music Claire Bryant is the co-founder and co-artistic director of Decoda, a music collective that earned a nomination for one of its pieces.
Valerie Coleman's piece "Revelry," which was featured on Decoda's debut record, is up for an award in the Best Contemporary Classical Composition category.
The debut album, "DECODA," features chamber musicians, composer-performers and soloists. 
"Our first album, DECODA, showcases our flexibility, versatility and sense of play," Bryant said in a press release.
Charleston-based and Myrtle Beach-raised gospel singer Brandon Lake is no stranger to the Grammy Awards. With five wins and 10 nominations already under his belt, Lake is nominated in two categories for the 2025 awards.
Lake's latest album "Coat of Many Colors" is up for an award in the Best Contemporary Christian Music Album category. The album, which features the  single "Praise You Anywhere," debuted at No. 1 on Billboard's Top Christian Albums chart.
He's also a nominee in the Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song category for Elevation Worship's "Praise." He is both a songwriter and featured artist on the song.
Along with his solo career, Lake was previously a member of Bethel Music, a popular Christian worship group that has released 14 live albums and three studio albums.
A native of Leesville, Martell earned a Grammy nomination for her work on Beyonce's critically-acclaimed song “SPAGHETTI” on the album “COWBOY CARTER.”
Martell has been on the country music scene for more than 50 years, and this is her first nomination. The song is nominated for Best Melodic Rap Performance and also features Shaboozey, a country singer who is up for Best New Artist.
You can read more about Martell’s impact and her nomination here.
Abby Ann Ramsey covers Florence and the Pee Dee for The Post and
Courier. She graduated from the University of Tennessee in her
hometown of Knoxville before moving to South Carolina.

Abby Ann Ramsey covers Florence and the Pee Dee for The Post and
Courier. She graduated from the University of Tennessee in her
hometown of Knoxville before moving to South Carolina.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: