With just two weeks 'til Hallows Eve, guys and ghouls everywhere are preparing their Halloween costumes. 
For last-minute ideas and those wanting to stand out from the crowds, Google Trends has a handy reference: Frightgeist, a website that lists the top-searched costumes in the United States.
Stream Los Angeles News for free, 24/7, wherever you are.
According to the data, Shrunken Head Bob and Raygun are the most popular costumes in America.
People also had some big emotions about"Inside Out 2" with searches for Envy, Anger, Disgust and Anxiety character costumes in the top 20. 
Get top local stories in Southern California delivered to you every morning with NBC LA's News Headlines newsletter.
Want to find new things to do in Los Angeles? The Scene's lifestyle stories have you covered. Here's your go-to source on where the fun is across SoCal and for the weekend.
Now that you know this year's most popular Halloween costumes, you can turn your attention to accessories and other fun products inspired by Hollywood blockbusters and beloved classics. 
Limited-Edition Beetlejuice Diapers from Hello Bello
A post shared by Hello Bello (@hellobello)
Baby Beetlejuice? Ghoulish parents will adore these pinstripe and Beetlejuice-print diapers that are both functional and fun. 
A subscription box includes 7 packs of diapers and 4 packs of wipes in a "Beetlejuice" House shipping box that also doubles as a play box. 
Any parent knows a good cardboard box is king! 
The limited-edition "Beetlejuice" subscription box is currently on sale for $79.99 or $17.99 for a single pack of diapers.
Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas Collector's Box from Bones Coffee Company
A post shared by Bones Coffee (@bonescoffeecompany)
Wake up to "another glorious morning" with freshly roasted coffee from Bones Coffee Company.
The collector's box adorned with Tim Burton's "The Nightmare Before Christmas" characters includes a selection of five 4oz. bags inspired by fan-favorite residents of Halloween Town -- Ruff Weather (Oatmeal Cream Pie), Frog's Breath (Chocolate Mole), The Pumpkin King (Pumpkin, Pecan & Praline), Mudslide Boogie (Mudslide Cocktail Flavor) and Santa Jack (Cranberry Creme Bruleè).
The collector's box is $39.99 and is available in ground or whole bean varieties.
Deadpool Flannel from Cakeworthy
A post shared by Cakeworthy (@cakeworthy)
A comfy flannel is a fall staple. This Marvel-licensed flannel features an embroidered Deadpool face on the front pocket and the movie quote, "Time to make the chimichangas," printed on the back. 
It's made of 100% cotton and has a unisex fit.
It's currently $54.95.
"Inside Out 2" 3-step Glow Boost Routine by Bubble Skincare
A post shared by @symishi
Following the tween skincare craze of the past year, this 3-step skincare set by Bubble will have  "Inside Out 2" fans all in their feels.
The set includes the Fresh Start gel cleanser featuring Joy, Day Dream serum featuring Envy and Slam Dunk hydrating moisturizer featuring Anxiety.
The products come inside an adorable zippered carrying case with the mantra, "Think Positive" emblazoned on the front.
The set is currently on sale for $34.