It is the first time in 14 years that the band have topped the UK album charts
Oasis may have angered fans with price of their concert tickets, but the appetite for their music is undiminished.
The band's debut album, Definitely Maybe, has returned to the top of the UK album charts, a week after their reunion shows were announced.
The record, which debuted at number one when it was first released in 1994, is back in the same position, thanks to a 30th anniversary edition that includes several outtakes and unreleased demos. 
Two more Oasis albums re-entered the Top 10, with their greatest hits compilation Time Flies at number three; and their 1995 classic (What’s The Story) Morning Glory? at number four.
The Official Charts Company said sales of Definitely Maybe had risen by 408% week-on-week.
Fifty per cent of its sales were on vinyl - and the album also tops the official vinyl chart this week.
It is the first time the band have topped the countdown since 2010, when Time Flies was first released.
Renewed interest in the band also propelled their 1995 single Live Forever to a new heights. Originally peaking at number 10 on its release, the song made it to number eight on this week's chart.
Sabrina Carpenter has become one of the break-out pop stars of 2024
Sabrina Carpenter claimed the number one single with Taste - helped along by the song's gory, hack-and-slash music video, co-starring Jenna Ortega.
For the second week in a row, the US singer has secured the top three positions in the singles chart, with her former chart-toppers Please Please Please and Espresso at numbers two and three respectively.
The former Disney star has now racked up 14 weeks at number one so far this year. 
Espresso was also crowned as the UK's song of the summer, having sold 800,000 copies between June and August, including 92.2m streams.
Her album Short n' Sweet was at number two, while Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds' new release, Wild God, debuted at five.
Oasis's chart victory comes after a week in which the band were heavily criticised for introducing "dynamic pricing" on tickets for their 2025 reunion tour.
The system meant that some fans ended up paying £355 for tickets with a face value of £148, after prices were inflated in line with demand.
In a statement, the band claimed to have had no knowledge that the system would be implemented - although Ticketmaster, which organised the sale, says artists and promoters are in control of setting prices.
On Thursday, the Competition and Markets Authority said it would investigate the Oasis ticket sale, to discover whether Ticketmaster breached consumer protection law.
Oasis new dates and everything you need to know about the reunion
UK competition watchdog launches Oasis tickets probe
Oasis hit out at Ticketmaster's dynamic pricing after backlash
⁠Oasis ticket row: How Ticketmaster's owner has grip on UK live music scene
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
Sir John Curtice: The map that shows Reform's triumph was much more than a protest vote
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.