Gig-goers are notoriously tribal, choosing to spend hundreds on tickets for everyone from Tay Tay to Sabrina Carpenter. But what if someone told you for £15, you would have a night of outstanding music - and a little food and drink - in a stunning location in Manchester?
Sounds good, right? And what if they told you that the identity of the performers and, in fact, the very location of the event were to remain a secret to attendees?
That’s the theory for Sofar Sounds, and it’s a good one. Because when, 24 hours before the event, I received an email telling me to head to the top of the ABC Buildings on Quay Street, it felt like a secret assignation with something magical.
READ MORE: Blossoms film new music video at Stockport care home with residents made to ‘feel like they were in a movie’
The next evening, my friend and I joined a modest group of people catching the elevator to the roof above the Everyman Cinema. Popping out at the top, we were treated to a beautiful venue, part-greenhouse, part-geodesic dome.
The atmosphere was relaxed, with the warm weather bestowing a holiday vibe on proceedings. Ushers stood ready to guide us into the dome, where we settled on cushions once we were given our free can of Spanish beer Madri Excepcional, the evening’s sponsors.
Seated and waiting for the first act, we were served snippets of tapas-style fare, from charred padron peppers to chorizo and chicken skewers. The atmosphere electric, the Sofar Sounds host appeared to offer a welcome to us and the show began.
First up, Desta French, a London-based singer-songwriter with Colombian and Italian roots. Alongside her backing band - she dubbed these ‘The Miracles’ - she brought the sound of Madrid to the dome.
With swaying shoulders and hips, the crowd eased into the party spirit, with Desta and her backing singer winding their sinuous way through tracks like recent single Alguien - meaning Anyone - a dreamy and seductive melding of languages and rhythms that had most of the room undulating in time.
After the five musicians left the stage, there was a brief break for the essentials, and then we came back to Uma, who is based in Barcelona. Where Desta French’s Latina vibe made you ache to dance, Uma’s tender and personal laments offered an otherworldly cadence.
The sorcery she wove - with her partner playing guitar - was heightened as dusk dropped over the dome, all sides were slowly plunged towards velvety night. With just the guitar as accompaniment, Uma’s soporific tones all but lulled us into a dreamy relaxed state.
What came next can only be a rude awakening, in the shape of Yali Sharon and his band Spelt, akin to having a bazooka fired directly beside your ear. Described by the host as “combining metal, funk and Middle Eastern influences”, the trio has been performing together for six months, and still clearly get a kick out of it.
Saxophonist Yali was joined by bassist Jan Citak and drummer Andrea. Hailing from East London, they marry chaotic sounds together with a tight rhythm section, creating the most unusual music. Rage Against the Machine and System of a Down brought the drums, but the slap bass and double - yep, two at a time - sax sound was otherworldly.
Finally permitted to get up and dance, the crowd began to look less like a congregation and more like a normal gig audience. But as we left the dome and headed out into the Manchester night, there was more than a suggestion that we had undergone a mystical experience.
Find out more about Sofar Sounds' upcoming shows in Manchester on the website.