Karma is two icons reuniting and absolutely serving.
Last night, one of our absolute fave collaborators and friends Taylor Swift and Ice Spice were nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for their track "Karma" at the 2024 Grammy Awards. Despite not taking home the trophy, however, the celebs truly could not have been more pumped about simply being at the awards ceremony and seeing each other.
And the two seemed to share their excitement with tons of other A-listers, including Jon Batiste, Sabrina Carpenter, and Jack Antanoff in an iconic after party moment that has since gone viral. Ahem:
Back in July 2023, Ice Spice chatted about how her "Karma" collab came to be and dished to Billboard the following *chef's kiss* anecdote: "I was home and my manager called me, and was like, ‘Oh, Taylor wants you on a record.' And I’m like, 'Taylor?' I was having a really bad day also, I would like to say that. I was having a terrible day. I was crying all morning because I was just so mad at something. And then he called me with that news. And then I cried more, because it was good news. My life is a rollercoaster. How I started the day crying and I’m ending it crying, but for different reasons."
The musician then added that, "We went to the studio and [Taylor] is so humble and so nice. I kid you not. I pulled up to the studio and she outside waiting for me. So she’s great. She’s so funny. We text all the time. She is fucking hilarious. I’m not going to lie. She’s the funniest person ever."
Meanwhile, Taylor told Spotify that getting to know Ice Spice has "been so special because I’m blown away by her. She is, in my opinion, she is the one to watch. Just watching her work ethic and how thoughtfully she approaches her career. She’s, like, my new favorite artist and I’m so honored that she’s on the song."
Truly living for this friendship duo and a hundred percent manifesting another collab in the works. 😭❤️
WTF Is the Difference Between These Grammy Awards?
Taylor Is Officially the Richest Female Musician
Céline Dion Made a Rare Appearance @ the Grammys
Why Miley Left Billy Ray Out of Grammys Speech
Chase Sweetly Supported Kelsea’s Grammys Post ❤️
Did Travis Drop a Taylor Easter Egg 3 Months Ago?
Calvin and His Wife’s Reaction to the Tay Jokes LN
No, Taylor Didn't Snub Celine Dion at the Grammys
Travis Kelce Subtly Hyped Up Taylor at the Grammys
Megan Fox Stepped Out in a Sheer Chainmail Dress
The 5 Best 2024 Grammys Performances, Ranked
Jay-Z Calls Out Grammys for Beyoncé's Snub
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.