"Espresso" is, once again, the most-streamed song during the U.K. chart week, with 8.6 million plays.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Sabrina Carpenter has a hot one on her hands with “Espresso.”

	The pop gem enters a second straight week at No. 1 in the U.K., where it’s the U.S. pop star’s first leader and fourth appearance in the top 40.

	The leader at the midweek phase, “Espresso” is, once again, the most-streamed song during the U.K. chart week, with 8.6 million plays, the Official Charts Company reports. All told, the track rakes-in 76,500 chart units. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Dasha		
					






















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Dua Lipa		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	It’s an Island Records 1-2 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, published Friday, May 10, as Hozier’s former leader “Too Sweet” lifts 3-2. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Meanwhile, Shaboozey keeps country music’s hot run going with “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (via American Dogwood/Empire), up 6-3. That’s the U.S. artist’s career peak chart performance in the U.K. With Dasha’s “Austin” (Warner Records) holding at No. 9, country artists lock up two U.K. top 10 positions, a rare scenario for a chart that’s typically dominated by rock, pop, indie, hip-hop and electronic music. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” (ISO Supremacy/Pulse) has exploded since the tune went viral on TikTok. In the U.K., the Virginia-born artist’s breakthrough number blasts 31-7, a new peak position. “Million Dollar Baby” last week opened at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. 

	Further down the Official Chart, Kendrick Lamar lands his eighth U.K. top 10 with “Not Like Us” (Interscope), his controversial Drake diss track. It’s new at No. 10. Lamar’s ongoing beef with Drizzy yields two more appearances on the latest frame, with “Euphoria” (at No. 11) and “Meet The Grahams” (at No. 28), lifting the west coast rapper’s tally of U.K. top 40 appearances to 23. 

	The target of Kdot’s ire, Drake, debuts at No. 17 with his response track “Family Matters” (OVO/Republic Records). 

	Finally, as she debuts at No. 1 on the U.K. albums chart with Radical Optimism (via Warner Records), Dua Lipa lands another U.K. top 40 single, her 27th in total, with album track “These Walls.” It’s new at No. 40.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.