Love Island star Maura Higgins transformed into iconic momager Kris Jenner as she enjoyed her free time before heading to another day at Coachella Festival 2024.
The 33-year-old TV personality, who rose to fame on the ITV2 programme in 2019, has been sharing glimpses into her Coachella outfits and activities with fans on social media. On the first day, she stunned in a white corseted bodysuit, dramatic cowboy boots and a gorgeous blonde wig.
She went for a wildly different look on day three of the festival and transformed into the one and only Kris, complete with the same iconic hair and light blue fur coat. Her friend pretended to be paparazzi as they walked through the parking lot and Maura looked back at the camera before continuing to walk away.
In another video posted on her Instagram Stories, Maura walked through an aisle at a CVS as she used a Kris audio to lip sync over. "I'm absolutely mentally, spiritually, physically tired," Kris said in the audio. "It's exhausting so it's definitely a two-martini night... Maybe three."
She captioned the post: "How I feel about Coachella day 3." However, the star changed into something more skimpy before heading to the actual festival and watching Doja Cat perform on stage.
After the reality star shared snaps from day one of the festival, fans rushed to the comment section to compliment her. Many also thought she looked like Espresso singer Sabrina Carpenter due to her blonde hair and bangs. One user said: "The outfit - the hair - the legs - the smile - says it all - have a wonderful time you beautiful girlie."
Another commented: "Telling my kids this is the real-life Hannah Montana," while one follower posted: "The Irish girl nailing it as always the most beautiful supermodel." One said: "There is no one like U Maura Higgins!!! U are the most special lady !! U are the brightest star."
Her friends were also quick to praise her, with Molly-Mae Hague and Modern Family star Sara Hyland posting fire emojis and Faye Winter writing: "I ADORE YOU." Earlier this year, Maura made a shocking confession about her time on Love Island. Speaking to Maxim, the reality star said: “The best thing I ever did was go onto Love Island. It really changed my life. I genuinely thought when I was going onto the show because Ireland couldn’t vote, that I’d only last a week.”
Reflecting on her time in the villa, she continued: “I kind of just did it for fun. I don’t think I even thought about it. I just did things in a spur-of-the-moment way. I think I just get bored easily, so I like to try something different and throw myself into it. I never expected anything and maybe that was the best thing to do. There was no career strategy or intention.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.