Pour one out for Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan, a relationship immortalized in the music video (and possibly the lyrics) for “Please, Please, Please.” The American singer and Irish actor were Hollywood’s favorite power couple for precisely one year, at which point they reportedly decided to go their separate ways. Perhaps we loved them because of the way their vibes were simultaneously contrasting and complementary. Or perhaps we only loved Keoghan’s cameo in the “Please, Please, Please” video.
Either way, here’s a look at the complete relationship timeline of Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan.
December 3, 2024: After a year of dating, Met Gala appearances, and one music video, Carpenter and Keoghan have reportedly split up, according to People. “They are both young and career-focused, so they’ve decided to take a break,” said the outlet’s anonymous source.
June 7, 2024: Carpenter releases the “Please, Please, Please” music video, which features her boyfriend playing the role of, well, her boyfriend. However, unlike the real Keoghan (hopefully), the bad boy in the video is constantly getting into violent altercations and landing himself in jail, much to the embarrassment of Carpenter.
Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter at the 2024 Met Gala
May 6, 2024: The couple makes their red carpet debut at the Met Gala, whose dress-code theme that year was “The Garden of Time.”
March 10, 2024: Carpenter and Keoghan hard launch their relationship at the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party. This is the first time they posed together for public photos.
Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter attend the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party on March 10, 2024, in Beverly Hills.
December 3, 2023: Carpenter and Keoghan spark dating rumors for the first time when they are spotted grabbing dinner together by the Daily Mail.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices