Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Sabrina Carpenter has come under-fire from veteran hitmakers who claim she's set back women's rights by performing in barely-there outfits.
Contact us by Email
Oct. 15 2024, Published 4:11 p.m. ET
Sabrina Carpenter is facing the heat as outraged fans explode over paying hundreds for "fake" tickets on Ticketmaster.
RadarOnline.com can reveal that one TikTok user slammed the ticketing service after she was left with a less-than-partial view at the singer's Chicago stop on her Short n' Sweet tour.
Carpenter's fans are relieved by the break-up and sources close to the couple admit they were very 'on and off'.
The user, Kelsey, said she paid a presale price $200 for a ticket to see Carpenter onstage at the United Center Arena on Sunday.
When she and others tried to sit in the section listed on their tickets, venue staff acted quickly after realizing there were no more seats available — rushing out portable chairs in a "makeshift" manner.
The singer has been receiving criticism on her Short n' Sweet tour since it kicked off last month.
Adding fuel to the fire, the seats were too far off to the side to offer any view of the stage.
Kelsey gave a glimpse of her laughable view on TikTok, writing: "'When Ticketmaster sells you seats that don't even exist so they bring you folding chairs??? Sabrina girl plz help."
She even begged Carpenter for help: "@Sabrina Carpenter please please please we paid $200 what on earth I'm so sad."
After another user asked Kelsey if her ticket showed where her seats were, Kelsey clarified: "The chart didn't show us this. Also we bought numbered seats. They had to bring us folding chairs therefore our seats weren't even real to begin with."
Carpenter's tour, which kicked off last month, was named after her newest album released in August.
But it hasn't been the smoothest sail for the Disney Channel alum, who has been clapping back at critics' (unwelcome) opinions since.
In an interview earlier this month, the Espresso hitmaker had strong words for parents of fans who labeled her show as "oversexualized."
She said: "You’ll still get the occasional mother that has a strong opinion on how you should be dressing. And to that I just say, don’t come to the show and that’s okay."
Carpenter was also attacked for her lyrics which Stock Aitken Waterman branded 'lazy'.
Carpenter also slammed speculation about her lip-syncing onstage after some critics accused the artist of depending on a backing track.
A TikTok user shared a video shortly after her tour began, asking if Carpenter "ever sings live." Another account reposted the clip and added: "Hate to say it but 30% lip singing 30% backing track 40% singing."
The Please Please Please singer jumped into the comments in defense.
She clarified: "I sing live every show 100% would you like to speak to my audio engineers."
The singer joked about her connection to NYC Mayor Eric Adams' federal corruption investigation during her show in September.
Carpenter also made headlines after her show at Madison Square Garden in New York City last month, where she humorously referenced her connection to Mayor Eric Adams' federal corruption investigation.
The singer asked the crowd: "Should we talk about how I got the mayor indicted?"
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The comment was the first time she publicly addressed her involvement in the controversy, which arose from the filming of her music video for Feather at a Brooklyn church.
The gory content of her video outraged The Brooklyn Diocese and led to the demotion of Monsignor Jamie Gigantiello, who approved the filming.
An internal investigation was eventually launched, which caught the attention of federal authorities and investigators who issued a subpoena to the church.
The subpoena asked for information regarding Gigantiello's financial dealings with Frank Carone, Mayor Adams' former chief of staff.
Days after, Mayor Adams was indicted by a federal grand jury on charges including conspiracy to commit wire fraud, federal program bribery, and accepting illegal campaign contributions.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.