By Erik Pedersen 
Managing Editor

	A pair of summer music festivals have new headliners. Tyler, the Creator has canceled his shows at Lollapalooza in Chicago and Outside Lands in San Francisco, replaced by Megan Thee Stallion and Sabrina Carpenter, respectively.

	Separately, singer and actress Carpenter announced her Short n’ Sweet Tour, which will hit more than two dozen North American cities in the fall.

	“i hate saying this but i have to cancel lollapalooza and outside lands,” Tyler, the Creator wrote on X/Twitter today. “i made a commitment that i can no longer keep, and that bums me out knowing how excited folks were. that is not sexy at all. please please forgive me or call me names when you see me in person. love.”

	










RELATED: Justin Timberlake Will “Vigorously” Defend DWI Allegations, Attorney Says


			Watch on Deadline		






	The Odd Future alum had headlined both festivals in 2021 and was set to co-headline Night 1 of Lollapalooza on Thursday, August 1, at Grant Park and Night 2 of Outside Lands on Saturday, August 10, in Golden Gate Park. Grammy-winning rapper Megan Thee Stallion is stepping into the Lollapalooza spotlight two weeks after her Hot Girl Summer Tour is set to wrap with a headline gig at the Broccoli City Festival in Washington, D.C. 

RELATED: Megan Thee Stallion Reveals ‘Hot Girl Summer Tour’ Dates With GloRilla
Hot girl summer in Chicago 😎Unfortunately, Tyler, the Creator will not be able to perform this year. See @theestallion headline Lolla on Thursday, August 1st! pic.twitter.com/qin2dCr0ii

	Meanwhile, former Girl Meets World co-star Carpenter will fill Tyler’s Outside Lands slot about six weeks before her Short n’ Sweet Tour kicks off in on September 23 in Columbus, OH. She announced the jaunt this morning on social media, with openers Amaarae, Griff and Declan McKenna. The 29-date jaunt will end with a November 15 date at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles and includes a New York show on September 29 at Madison Square Garden. 

RELATED: Jennifer Lopez Cancels Summer Tour To Spend Time With “Her Children, Family & Close Friends”
We are excited to announce that @SabrinaAnnLynn will now headline the Lands End stage on Saturday, August 10th! Due to personal reasons, Tyler, the Creator will no longer be performing at Outside Lands. https://t.co/siTzLN7n0g pic.twitter.com/QGgFyzivfy

	“I can’t wait to be singing with you all soon,” Carpenter wrote on X/Twitter. Her new album Short n’ Sweet arrives August 23.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.