Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Espresso singer Sabrina Carpenter celebrated her 25th birthday on May 11, at a party thrown for her by her boyfriend, Saltburn actor Barry Keoghan.
The star-studded party included rapper Ice Spice, and a cake that has quickly captured the attention of the internet.
In a photo posted to Sabrina Carpenter's Instagram, you can see her birthday cake which features a popular meme photo of Leonardo DiCaprio.
Fans were quick to spot and recognize the meme, which features a selfie of Leonardo DiCaprio edited to look like a Snapchat message with a caption that reads: "Nooo don't turn 25 you're so sexy aha."
A post shared by instagram
The meme is a reference to the recurring jokes and criticism that surround Leonardo DiCaprio's love life. Specifically that he does not date women who are older than 25.
DiCaprio's girlfriend is 25-year-old Italian supermodel Vittoria Ceretti, who turns 26 in June. A Newsweek Fact Check ruled that while it does appear to be correct that the 49-year-old actor doesn't date anyone older than 25, it is feasible that some relationships have gone under the radar of the press or the public, so this possibility cannot be definitively ruled out.
My girl just got this snap from Leonardo DiCaprio pic.twitter.com/bQKm9BRMSX
Celebrities and fans alike went wild when they saw the cake. The post on Sabrina Carpenter's Instagram account now has over three million likes. Author and model Emily Ratajkowski commented on the post saying, "the cake lol", in a comment which now has over 9,000 likes.
"Leo catching strays," was another user comment, which now has over 18,000 likes, while another user commented "not the meme of Leonardo Dicaprio [sic] in the cake".
Shameless, an Australian pop culture podcast reposted the photo to their Instagram, declaring that Sabrina Carpenter "wins for best birthday cake".
Sabrina Carpenter, who recently appeared in a campaign for fashion designer Marc Jacobs, is no stranger to making jokes with her fans. 
At her recent Coachella performance, the Feather singer donned a t-shirt which read 'Jesus Was A Carpenter', alluding to her controversial music video for Feather, which was met with scrutiny after being filmed in a Catholic church.
And Carpenter also enjoys making jokes about her boyfriend, Barry Keoghan. The pair recently made their red-carpet debut at the 2024 Met Gala.
In her performance at this year's Coachella festival, Sabrina Carpenter performed her popular song, Nonsense, for which she does a different outro every time she performs the song.
This time, she sang the lyrics, "He's drinking my bathwater like it's red wine, Coachella see you back here when I headline". The lyrics are a reference to Barry Keoghan's role in Emerald Fennell's 2023 film, Saltburn, which involves a scene where Keoghan's character slurps the used bathwater of another character.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC