by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor
With any major awards ceremony in Hollywood, a string of parties is always happening throughout the same weekend. After parties, pre-parties, and viewing parties: they’re always happening and always killing it with the red carpet fashion. And ahead of the Grammys, there’s usually a pre-party gala hosted by legendary music executive Clive Davis.
After the party came back into full swing in 2023, the 2024 gala is bigger and better than ever.
On the night of Feb. 3, stars from all over came to the Beverly Hilton Hotel to party ahead of the 66th Grammy Awards.
And while we’re gearing up for the sensational fashion that’ll occur at tonight’s Grammys, we’re taking a look at the iconic pre-Grammy gala. From stunning little black dresses to floral ruffled gowns, and colorful trench coats to metallic suits, this event had it all in the fashion department.
Below, see which stars attended Clive Davis’s pre-Grammy gala in style ahead of tonight’s 2024 Grammy Awards.
Lana Del Rey looked so stunning in this silky black custom Vivienne Westwood dress that gave all the gothic glam vibes.
Dua Lipa embraced her red era by rocking this daring, gold ball-accented trench from Valentino.
Victoria Monét looked so stunning in this white, leopard-print Nicolas Jebran Couture gown, which was paired with delicate Jewels Aficionado jewelry.
Of course, Andra Day is on the best dressed list yet again, because she rocks every single look. This time, she donned this silver PatBo two-piece.
Sabrina Carpenter did an elegant spin on a simple black dress, by donning the David Koma high-slit, rose-clad gown.
Kylie Minogue did such a fun, futuristic spin on the LBD trend with this silver-accented David Koma dress.
Keke Palmer turned every single head in this yellow lace Tony Ward dress.
Megan Thee Stallion wowed in this caramel, cutout Oude Waag gown.
Shania Twain stunned in this crushed metallic gold suit from Cristian Siriano.
Ellie Goulding looked so confident and ethereal in this crystal-embellished white suit dress from Zuhair Murad.
Both Halle Bailey and Chloe Bailey turned heads with their black looks, with Halle in a high-slit Gucci dress and Chloe in a structured dress.
Amanda Kloots rocked this metallic-lined LBD from Lee Petra Grebenau.
Monica channeled old Hollywood glamour in this dramatic black gown, which was paired with long pearls.
Serena Williams stole the show in this black dress, which she paired with dramatic metallic gold sleeves from Safiyaa.
Katharine McPhee looked so chic in this sleek, muted green halter dress.
Avril Lavigne channeled her inner punk Queen in this oversized Saint Laurent tartan jacket.
Coco Jones wowed the crowd in this black feather-clad, puffy white dress from Nina Ricci.
Grace Gummer looked so stunning in this sheer, lingerie-inspire black dress.
Debbie Gibson brought the color, and the springtime vibes, in this ruffled Marchesa gown.
Bebe Rexha looked so gorgeous in this long, black velvet gown from Valdrin Sahiti. 
Charli XCX stunned in this light blue leather dress from Marni.
Janelle Monáe stole the show in this black two-piece, with gold flowers throughout the top, which was a custom piece designed by Nicole + Felicia Couture.
Lainey Wilson looked ethereal in this white cutout jumpsuit from Elie Saab.
Paris Hilton made jaws drop in this sparkling champagne-colored Celine dress.
Julia Garner and Mark Foster looked perfect together, with Foster in a black velvet suit and Garner rocking this vibrant red slip dress from Simkhai.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.