Yet another beloved Disney character has been twisted into a horror villain.
The trailer for Steamboat has been plastered all over social media and underneath one post on X/Twitter, someone wrote: “I’m happy they didn’t show us him yet, I wanna be surprised when I see the killer,” while another quipped: “I am sat,” and a third user simply added a flame emoji.
Elsewhere on the platform, others gathered to say that they are “keeping an eye on” the film and are eagerly anticipating the horror’s release. “This should be fun,” posted another horror fan.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter passionately snogs Jenna Ortega in steamy clip as fans go wild
Bloody Disgusting wrote: “The short film that introduced Mickey Mouse to the world, 1928’s Steamboat Willie, entered the public domain this year and a horror movie adaptation is already on the way. David Howard Thornton (Terrifier) will star in SCREAMBOAT as the murderous mouse!”
More excited moviegoers rushed to write: “I’m so excited for this. They couldn't have picked a better fit to play Mickey,” along with: “If he’s starring in it then it’s a must see.” However, some Disney fans are not keen on the idea of using the Mickey Mouse cartoon for a horror flick.
Some suspect that the film will flop, writing: “They r[ea]lly thought slapping ‘From the producers of Terrifier 2’ would save ts [this s***],” while someone else scorned: “Imagine if instead of a constant parody, someone thinks of something original?”
David Howard Thornton is the actor behind Art the Clown, the murderous villain of the Terrifier series. The third film’s trailer was recently released and the next instalment is expected to be released on 25 October - just in time for Halloween.
One scene in the upcoming sequel left the horror icon on the verge of vomiting as director Damien Leone tweeted: “Can honestly say we just filmed one of the most insanely horrific scenes of the Terrifier franchise and you’ll never believe who couldn’t handle it on set…the BTS [behind the scenes] is hilarious. Can’t wait for you all to see!”
David told on himself with a reply that read: “I will just say that this is the kill that almost made me vom. That’s a first.”
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.