"One Deep River," the 10th solo album from former Dire Straits frontman Mark Knopfler, comes out Friday, April 12 (Courtesy Warner Records)Warner Records
Mark Knopfler skipped Dire Straits’ Rock & Roll Hall of Fame induction in 2018 but delivers a big batch of new music this week, his “One Deep River” joining new releases from Future and Metro Boomin’, Blue Oyster Cult, country hitmaker Ernest, Journey’s former bassist, girl in red and others, as well as the soundtrack to the upcoming Amy Winehouse biopic (all subject to change)...
Mark Knopfler, “One Deep River” (British Grove/Blue Note/EMI): It’s been a minute -- six years, actually, with a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction thrown in -- since the former Dire Straits’ frontman’s last solo album. His 10th has all the hallmarks of time well spent, however; in addition to the core 12 tracks, Knopfler and his crew -- which includes Straits keyboardist Guy Fletcher -- recorded enough material for four bonus tracks on vinyl and a completely different five extra tracks for the CD. And, he says, there’s yet another four-song EP that will surface down the road. Clearly his creative have not been still.
“Back to Black: Songs from the Original Motion Picture” (UMR/Island/Republic): The companion to the upcoming Amy Winehouse biopic (which comes out May 17) comes in single- and double-album configurations, each sporting Winehouse favorites as well as complementary cuts from Billie Holiday, Dinah Washington, Sarah Vaughan, the Shangri-Las, Tony Bennett and more. Nick Cave contributes the sole new track, “Song For Amy.”
Blue Oyster Cult, “Ghost Stories” (Frontiers): The veteran rock troupe offers new from old with a set that includes tracks recorded, but unreleased between 1978-83 and spruced up by a team that includes current band member Richie Castellano.
Ernest, “Nashville, Tennessee” (Big Loud): The hit-making country songwriter packs a whopping 26 tracks on his third artist album, with guest appearances by Jelly Roll, Morgen Wallen, Lainey Wilson, Lukas Nelson and Hardy.
Future and Metro Boomin’, “We Still Don’t Trust You” (Freebandz/Boominati Worldwide/Epic/Republic): The rapper and producer team up for a second album in three weeks -- with high hopes since “We Don’t Trust You debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.
“Fingernail,” Porno For Pyros: What’s said to be the last-ever new song from this Jane’s Addiction adjunct band has dropped via all streaming services, following another pair (“Little Me” and “Agua”) the Perry Farrell-fronted outfit released in recent months.
girl in red, “I’m Doing It Again Baby!” (Columbia): Norway’s Marie Ringheim delivers her second album on the heels of an opening slot on Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, which means has already brought a legion of Swifties to initial singles “Too Much,” Doing It Again Baby” and “You Need Me Now? (with Sabrina Carpenter).”
Tyler Hubbard, “Strong” (EMI Nashville): The second solo album from the Florida Georgia Line member, who co-wrote 12 tracks -- including the intriguingly titled “American Mellencamp” --and wrote one, “‘73 Beetle,” himself.
Jakobs Castle, “Enter: The Castle” (Epitaph): The 14-track debut outing from Jakob Nowell, son of the late Sublime frontman Bradley Nowell.
Linkin Park, “Papercuts (Singles Collection 2000-2023)” (Warner): A career-spanning compilation that features one previously unreleased track, “Friendly Fire,” and the well-known rarity “QWERTY.”
Ross Valory, “All of the Above” (OID Music): The former Journey bassist’s first solo album features six originals, covers of Santana’s “Incident at Neshabur” and War’s “Low Rider,” and help from former bandmate Steve Smith, the Doobie Brothers’ Marc Russo, Santana’s Karl Perazzo, Sly & the Family Stone’s Gregg Errico, the Tubes’ Prairie Prince, Night Ranger’s Eric Levy and Journey guitarist Neal Schon’s son Miles.
Various Artists, “My Black Country: The Songs of Alice Randall” (Oh Boy): The title says it all as one of country music’s pioneering black songwriters gets her props from by artists such as Rhiannon Giddens, Allison Russell, SisaStrings, Valerie June and others on this 11-track salute.
Album Title of the Week: Bu Cuaron, “Drop By When You Drop Dead” (AWAL)
Also Out:
About Us, “Take a Piece” (Frontiers)
Accept, “Humanoid” (Napalm)
Acid Tongue, “Acid on the Dancefloor” (Freakout)
Antiope, “Horror Vacui” (American Dreams)
Nia Archives, “Silence is Loud” (HIJINXX/Island)
Arsun, “Babe I Hear Thunder in Your Heart” (self-released)
Ateez, “Not Okay” (KQ Entertainment/UMe)
Shawn Austin, “Words” (Local Hay/Big Loud)
Baby Rose and BadBadNotGood, “Slow Burn” (Secretly)
Bad Bad Hats, “Bad Bad Hats” (Don Giovanni)
Belmont, “Liminal” (Pure Noise)
Jade Bird, “Burn the Hard Drive” (Glassnote)
Birdfeeder, “Woodstock” (Soul Selects)
George Birge, “Cowboy Songs” (self-released)
Blue Bendy, “So Medieval” (The state51 Conspiracy Ltd.)
Blunt Chunks, “The Butterfly Myth” (Telephone Explosion)
Bodega, “Our Brand Could Be Yr Life” (Chrysalis)
Buzzard Buzzard Buzzard, “Skinwalker” (Communion)
Byland, “Heavy For a While” (Mother West)
Call Me Spinster, “Potholes” (Strolling Bones)
Cadet Carter, “Self-Maintenance” (SBAM)
Chief State, “The Acoustic EP” (Mutant League)
Cosmograf, “Live at the 1865 (The Official Bootleg)” (Gravity Dream)
Ctrl + V, “Prequels” (self-released)
Dabeull, “Analog Love” (Dabeull/Roche Musique)
Christian de Mesones, “You Only Live Twice” (That 555 Lyfe)
Cymbalic Encounters, “Eclipsis” (self-released)
James Elkington and Nathan Salsburg, “All Gist” (Paradise of Bachelors)
Elliott BROOD, “Country” (Six Shooter)
English Teacher, “This Could Be Texas” (Island)
Epic Levels, “The Mega Dungeon Men” (self-released)
Jackie Evancho, “Smoking Gun” (self-released)
Exist, “Hijacking the Zeitgeist” (Prosthetic)
Faulty Cognitions, “Somehow, Here We Are” (Cercle Social)
The Feeling, “San Vito” (Little World/Kartel Music Group)
Four Tet, “Three” (Text)
Kenny Garrett and Svoy, “Who Killed AI?” (Mack Avenue)
Sophie Gault, “Baltic Street Hotel” (Petaluma)
Glass Apple Gonzai, “Brother Bones” (Distortion Productions)
GoGo Penguin, “From the North -- GoGo Penguin Live in Manchester” (XXIM/Sony)
Riley Green, “Way Out Here” (Nashville Harbor/Big Machine)
Greyhaven, “Stereo Grief” (Solid State)
Noah Haldu, “Standards II” (Sunnyside)
Heavenly Blue, “We Have the Answer” (Secret Voice)
Heavy Temple, “Garden of Heathens” (Magnetic Eye)
Will Hoge, “Tenderhearted Boys” (EDLO/Soundly Music)
Hood Rats, “Crimes, Hysteria & Useless Information” (Dirt Cult)
Hour, “Ease the Work” (Dear Life)
Martin Howth, “Distant Dissonance” (Nefarious Industries)
Tyler Hubbard, “Strong” (EMI Nashville)
Imminence, “The Black Album” (Arising Empire)
Jade Bird, “Burn the Hard Drive” (Glassnote)
James, “Yummy” (Nothing But Love Music/Kobalt Music Group)
Jebediah, “Olks” (self-released)
Tom Kankins, “Meadow Pt. 2″ (Xtra Mile Recordings)
Bridget Kearney, “Comeback Kid” (Keeled Scales)
Elizabeth King, “Soul Provider” (Bible & Tire)
King Zebra, “Between the Shadows” (Frontiers)
Landsdowne, “Bury Me Reimagined” (AFM)
Letters Sent Home, “Forever Undone” (SharpTone)
Make Sure, “June” (Tooth & Nail)
Mawzy, “Long View” (self-released)
Leyla McCalla, “Sun Without the Heat” (Anti-)
John McEuen, “The Newsman -- A Man of Record” (Compass)
Max McNown, “Wandering” (Fugitive Recordings)
Meatbodies, “Flora Ocean Tiger Bloom” (In The Red)
Melonball, “eup-nea” (Thousand Islands)
Melts, “Field Theory” (Fuzz Club)
Metz, “Up On Gravity Hill” (Sub Pop)
Alex Miller, “My Daddy’s Dad” (Billy Jam)
Misner & Smith,”All is Song” (self-released)
Moonsville Collective, “A Hundred Highways” (Rock Ridge Music)
John Moreland, “Visitor” (Old Omens/Thirty Tigers)
Ian Munsick, “White Buffalo: Introduce You to God” (Warner Music Nashville)
Necrot, “Lifeless Birth” (Tankcrimes)
Nicolette & the Nobodies, “The Long Way” (Arthaus)
Willie Nile, “Live at Daryl’s House Club” (River House)
9T Antiope, “Horror Vacui” (American Dreams)
Northlane, “Mirror’s Edge” (Believe)
The Ophelias, “Ribbon” (self-released)
The Red Pears, “Better Late Than Never” (self-released)
The Reds, Pinks & Purples, “Unwishing Well” (Slumberland/Tough Love)
Maggie Rogers, “Don’t Forget Me” (Capitol)
Riot (V), “Mean Streets” (self-released)
Setyoursails, “Bad Blood” (Napalm)
Shabaka, “Perceive its Beauty, Acknowledge its Grace” (Impulse!)
Cosmo Sheldrake, “Eye to the Ear” (Tardigrade)
Martin Simpson, “Skydancers” (Topic)
Sleepmakeswaves, “It’s Here, But I Have No Name For It” (RobeMGM/Dunk)
Nate Smith, “Though the Smoke” (Sony Music Nashville)
Speedfossil, “Room With a Vu, Vol. 1″ (Sonic Escort)
Louisa Stancioff, “When We Were Looking” (Yep Roc)
Still House Plants, “If I don’t make it, I love u” (Bison)
Aaron Lee Tasjan, “Stellar Evolution” (Blue Elan)
Texas & Spooner Oldham, “The Muscle Shoals Sessions” (Le Label)
Tipps and Obermiller, “MacGuffin” (self-released)
Trifecta, “The New Normal” (Kscope)
Trummors, “5″ (Ernest Jenning Record Co.)
Turin, “The Unforgiving Reality”
Tyr, “Battle Ballads” (Metal Blade)
Various Artists, “My Black Country: The Songs of Alice Randall” (Oh Boy)
Vulture, “Sentinels” (Metal Blade)
Sean Walshe, “American Son” (Wisefool’s Music)
Wendy (of Red Velvet), “Wish You Well” (SM Entertainment)
Lizz Wright, “Shadow” (Blues and Greens)
:wumpscut:, “Schlossgeist!” (Metropolis)
From The Vaults:
Alcatrazz, “Rock Justice: Complete Recordings 1983-1986″ (HNE Recordings/Cherry Red)
TheCab, “Whisper War (Vinyl Edition)” (Fueled By Ramen)
Dokken, “One Live Night” (Deko Entertainment)
Eagles: To the Limit: The Essential Collection” (Rhino)
Emerson, Lake & Powell, “The Complete Collection” (Spirit of Unicorn)
Glad, “New Tomorrow: The Glad & New Breed Recordings” (Now Sounds/Cherry Red)
Manic Eden, “Manic Eden” (Music Theories Recordings/Mascot)
Manic Street Preachers, “Lifeblood: 20th Anniversary Edition” (Columbia)
Pendragon, “The Masquerade Overture” (self-released)
The Toy Dolls, “The Singles” (Captain Oi!/Cherry Red)
Soundtracks:
“Belgravia: The Next Chapter -- Original Series Soundtrack” (Lakeshore)
“Glitter & Doom (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)” (PS Classics)
“The Greatest Hits (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)” and “The Greatest Hits (Original Score Soundtrack)” (Hollywood)
“Knows Goes Away -- Original Motion Picture Soundtrack” (Lakeshore)
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices