By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  05:01, 16 February 2024   |  Updated:  02:00, 24 February 2024   
 7
View  comments
They recently went public with their romance when they attended a Grammys party together earlier this month. 
And it appears Saltburn actor Barry Keoghan, 31, and popstar Sabrina Carpenter's relationship is heating up. 
The American songstress, 24, appeared to be wearing the Irish star's Harvard hoodie as she touched down in Melbourne on Friday to open for Taylor Swift during her Australian leg of her Eras tour.
As she arrived at Melbourne Airport, she was greeted by fans, including Tiktokker Tornadothingss who filmed her arrival.
Online sleuths in the comments of the clip made the connection to Barry's grey university jumper, which he has shared on Instagram previously in a selfie. 
she’s so cute #sabrinacarpenter 
Sabrina Carpenter appeared to be wearing Saltburn star Barry Keoghan's  Harvard hoodie as she touched down in Melbourne on Friday
'That's Barry Keoghan's Harvard sweatshirt omg,' wrote one, while another advised 'yesss Google: Barry Keoghan Harvard sweatshirt and you'll see a pic of him.'
'Omg it really is,' wrote another follower, while another expressed disbelief: 'No way!' 
'She's wearing his sweatshirt so random,' said another fan.
Sabrina is in town to open for Taylor Swift on the Australian leg of her Eras tour
Taylor is performing in Melbourne on Friday, Saturday and Sunday 
Earlier this month, the pair attended their first public event together after confirming their new romance.
The duo were pictured cosying up at W Magazine's star-studded Grammys after party.
Sabrina posed on the red carpet solo in a racy sheer top and skirt, but was later spotted partying with Barry inside Bar Marmont in Los Angeles.
The new couple were first romantically linked late last year in December when they were seen enjoying a dinner date in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles.
Last month in January, the two were spotted on a sweet date at an art gallery. A fan had seen the pair at the museum and captured a few images which were later shared on TMZ.
An eyewitness told People at the time that 'It definitely seemed like a date' and noted that the pair looked 'cute' together and also 'shared a little kiss'. 
A post shared by W Magazine (@wmag)
Earlier this month, the pair attended their first public event together after confirming their new romance 
The pair reportedly first met during Paris Fashion Week last year in September while at the Givenchy fashion show. 
Barry split from his long-term girlfriend, dentist Alyson Kierans, last year amid reports they were rowing about his late night partying.
The two welcomed their first child together - son Brando - in August 2022.
The actor confirmed his split from Alyson while talking to GQ last month. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group