A year removed from the release of her breakout album, Fountain Baby, Amaarae is ready to dominate the summer yet again. While there’s no release date for her third studio album, she is expected to appear on Donald “Childish Gambino” Glover’s next project, Bando Stone & The New World. The Atlanta native hasn’t shared the project’s full track list just yet, but Amaarae recently opened up about working with Flo Milli and Donald Glover on some music that could end up on the project.
“I can’t even explain it, because first of all, they’re super eclectic and the way that I function in the album is this weird omnipresent voice that just brings, like, a taunting attitude to things— which I realized when he just kept calling me back to do new songs and new songs and new songs,” she told GQ’s Heven Haile about the direction of her work with Glover.
“The stuff that I’m on literally sounds like you’re running butt-naked through the Amazon Forest on acid. I think he just liked the tone and the texture of my voice and the way that I write records. He’s such a great curator. He has a great ear and he has a great eye. He has me and Flo Milli on a record.”
Amaarae explains that the best part about working with Glover is his ability to let go and let the two emerging artists take charge.
“He shocked me. What I love about him is that he really let me and Flo take over the record,” she continued.
“It wasn’t like, “All right, let me, uh, uh …” No, it was like, “Nah, let these bitches talk their shit, and let me just sit back and give them the platform.” So yeah, that’s the record I’m most excited for.”
Amaarae will have more opportunities to work alongside Glover as they head out on The World Tour. Beginning October 31, she’ll open for Glover across Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Before then, she’ll be opening for Sabrina Carpenter in the U.S.
©Copyright 2024 DefPen.com. All rights reserved.
Def Pen is a registered trademark. DefPen.com is part of the Def Pen Media Group, LLC.
Input your search keywords and press Enter.