Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Shoppers have been praising a tooth whitening tool which has reportedly made their pearly whites up to two shades whiter within a week of them adding it to their beauty routines. The MySweetSmile Precision Teeth Whitening Pen promises to eradicate stubborn stains and discolouration caused by day-to-day culprits like tea, coffee, and nicotine.
This quick-fix treatment, which manufacturers say will work within 10 minutes, is currently on offer for £19.99. Easily tucked into a handbag, the little beauty lifesaver contains Phthalimidoperoxycaproic Acid (PAP), a safe and effective ingredient known for its remarkable stain-removing abilities, all without causing damage to your tooth enamel or making your teeth sensitive.
The formula isn't just tough on stains, it's also kind to your gnashers with ingredients like Hydroxyapatite (nHA) that helps repair damaged enamel and soothe sensitivity, and PVP to stop future discolouration post-treatment. Its petite size and handy brush make it perfect for reaching those tricky niggly areas that other whitening products can miss, particularly in crooked or overcrowded teeth.
Read more: Sabrina Carpenter's new perfume that 'smells like caramel' has landed at Superdrug
 Fans have described it as a 'godsend,' for giving a boost on the go, with it working quickly to bring about a beaming smile. The speed of effectiveness is also a saviour for any last-minute plans that may spring up on your social calendar, reports Yorkshire Live. 
The whitening solution is dispensed as a gel from the pen, which you need to twist to get it onto the brush. After this has been released, paint a thin layer of the whitening gel directly onto the teeth and leave for just 10 minutes before rinsing your mouth out with water.
The website explains of the dentist-approved brand explains that, once applied, 'the whitening gel begins to release the active ingredients of our Advanced PAP formula into the tooth's structure. This provides fast whitening results without causing any of the sensitivity that peroxide-based whiteners are known to cause.'
More than half a million shoppers have left an average rating of 4.6 out of 5 with many reviews sharing their 'amazement' at the speed and effectiveness of the pen.
One happy customer, who left the pen a five-star review, wrote: "I took a chance as i rarely buy online. I've got to say the My Sweet Smile Teeth Whitening Pen is super easy to use and my teeth are visibly whiter, delivery was incredibly fast which was a pleasant surprise. This pen has become a staple in my daily routine."
Another shopper, who initially bought MySweetSmile's powder treatment but still had one discoloured tooth, shared their experience: "I still have one very discoloured tooth so two days ago I ordered a whitening pen that arrived today - had to try it right away and what a difference with just one application! Will be using it a few days per week from now on. I can't tell you how pleased I am that I overcame my scepticism and will certainly be re-ordering before I run out of both the powder and pen. So happy to have found products that actually do what they say they will!"
A third customer hailed the product as a 'must-have', saying: "MySweetSmile's whitening pen is now an essential part of my on-the-go kit. It's discreet, efficient, and I can touch up my smile anywhere. Absolute must-have!"
One initially doubtful user was won over by the results, stating: "I was sceptical - after years of drinking wine and coffee my hygienist always makes a big deal about the discolouration/staining, especially between my teeth. Thought I would give this a go and after just three nights I'm astounded with the difference, including the right spaces! It's easy to use and the brush is the perfect size for getting into the bits between my teeth that I could never get white. Overall my teeth are brighter and cleaner so I'm pleased".
While it's a dream for travel and slips into handbags with ease, some customers have expressed disappointment over the how long the pen lasts when used three times a week as recommended by the manufacturers.. And as with all beauty buys, results can vary; a few users didn't see the same dazzling effects they experienced with the brand's teeth whitening powder (£24.99) or PAP strips (£19.99).
For those on the hunt for the ideal on-the-go teeth whitener, there are plenty of other pens out there that promise to do the trick. Take Colgate Max's White Overnight Pen, for instance, which boasts it can roll back 15 years of stains while you're in the land of nod, and it's priced at £19.99 from Superdrug.
If MySweetSmile's precision teeth whitening pen has piqued your interest, snap it up from their website here.