Stepping back into the spotlight, Sabrina Carpenter released her sixth studio album, titled “Short n’ Sweet.” The album came out on Aug. 23, accompanied by a music video for the first track, “Taste.”
In April of this year, Carpenter released her chart-topping single “Espresso.” This definitely set the tone for the album and the aesthetic she was going for. Following that single, “Please Please Please” was released over the summer, which made fans (including me) even more excited for the album.
As I went through the Tracklist, I got a nice, upbeat pop/disco vibe, along with some great lyrics and amazing storytelling. While her lyrics may not be for everyone, the majority of the world seems to love them.
Here’s the full Tracklist.:
On Sept. 3, the album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, making it her first album to do so. On that same day, multiple sources reported that it had been streamed over 233 million times.
Now, onto the music itself. I talked to Lydia Hutter, Sophomore, and asked what she thought. “I genuinely think it’s one of her best pieces and I love the effort and the storytelling that went into it,” Hutter said. “I’ve been a fan for a while now and I just love anything she puts out. She definitely blew me away,” she continued.
I’m also a massive fan of Carpenter’s, ever since she was on Disney Channel. To say this album exceeded my expectations would be an understatement. If I had to pick my top three songs, these would be them:
These songs are nothing short of amazing, from start to finish.  For Hutter, she told me two of her favorites. “I would have to say Good Graces and Slim Pickins are my favorites. They are such great songs and I relate to them immensely,” she said, and I agree!
I also spoke to Angel Bryant, a Sophomore, to hear her opinions. She said, “The music was super catchy and I liked how most of the songs were around two minutes long, so it was literally short n’ sweet.”
“If I had to pick my favorite songs, they would be Coincidence and Juno, because I like the music, and I like how Coincidence has a little country sound to it,” she added.
If you haven’t had a chance to check out the album, be sure to do so, it’s one of the best albums from start to finish!
The student led, student read news organization at Georgia Southern University
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *