The Magazine of Hip Hop Music, Culture and Politics
In surprising news during the busy concert and festival season, Tyler, the Creator just canceled his headlining performances at this year’s Lollapalooza and Outside Lands music festivals. He announced the decision on X (formerly Twitter), stating, “i hate saying this but i have to cancel lollapalooza and outside lands. i made a commitment that i can no longer keep, and that bums me out knowing how excited folks were. that is not sexy at all. please please forgive me or call me names when you see me in person. love.”
Recently, Lollapalooza quickly replaced Tyler with Megan Thee Stallion, while Outside Lands announced Sabrina Carpenter as his replacement on X. Tyler was scheduled to headline the first night of Lollapalooza alongside Hozier and was listed above the Killers, Sturgill Simpson, and the Postal Service for Outside Lands.
Lollapalooza will take place from August 1-4 at Chicago’s Grant Park, and Outside Lands will be held from August 9-11 at San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park.
Going back in time, Tyler last headlined these festivals in 2021, promoting his album “Call Me if You Get Lost.” In April, he headlined Coachella shortly after releasing the expanded “Call Me if You Get Lost: The Estate Sale.” During his Coachella performance, he featured Childish Gambino, A$AP Rocky, Charlie Wilson, and Kali Uchis.
Variety’s Steven J. Horowitz reported and praised Tyler’s Coachella set, noting, “Tyler is a master conceptualizer, and knows how to toy with the various frequencies of his stage, dimming the lights for reflective moments and dancing around shooting flames during more electrified songs. But beyond all the bells and whistles of the production, Tyler controls the spotlight. It’s impossible to take your eyes off of him, and throughout the 80-minute closing set of the day, the energy — of both Tyler and the audience — never waned, even when he took a few moments to pause and collect himself between songs (or, at one point, to eat a sandwich while sitting in front of a green tent midway through ‘IFHY’).”
Wonder who will take his place at both huge festivals. Who do you want to see?