By Dialynn Dwyer 
The Boston Public Library on Wednesday released the titles of the 10 books most borrowed by library patrons in 2024, across print and digital copies. 
The most frequently checked-out books of the year span the genres of fiction, memoir, and romance. Many of them centered the experiences of women, the library noted. 
“The most frequently borrowed titles of 2024 highlight personal stories of human resilience,” Melissa Andrews, BPL’s Chief of Collection Management, said in a statement. “This past year, readers gravitated toward narratives exploring real-life challenges – heartbreak, mental health, family dynamics, and personal growth, but particularly women’s stories. Nine out of the ten most frequently borrowed titles were written by women and tell stories that center on women’s experiences and inner lives across multiple settings, decades, and literary styles.”
Topping the list is the 2023 novel “Happy Place” by Emily Henry, which tells the story of the “perfect” couple vacationing with friends in Maine who have not yet told the group that they actually broke up, six months before. According to the library, the book was checked out more than 10,000 times over the course of 2024. That’s a 28 percent increase, according to the library, compared to last year’s top read, “Tomorrow, and Tomorrow, and Tomorrow” by Gabrielle Zevin (which this year came in at No. 3). 
“Much of the library’s circulation growth in 2024 can be attributed to a surge in fiction readership, reflecting the enduring appeal of compelling stories and diverse literary voices,” the library said. 
Several titles on the 2024 list have appeared on the library’s most borrowed list in the past, including “Lessons in Chemistry”  by Bonnie Garmus, which was the top checkout in 2023.
Below, see the library’s list of the most borrowed books of 2024: 
In addition to delving into what Bostonians were reading most in 2024, the city’s librarians also released the top most streamed movies through Kanopy and most streamed albums through Hoopla via the library. 
Get everything you need to know to start your day, delivered right to your inbox every morning.
©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC

			Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox.