The Met Gala is one of fashion’s biggest events of the year, and if there’s one thing celebrities – and their makeup artists – know, it’s that preparation is everything. To make sure she was looking fresh-faced and glowing on the red carpet, Sabrina Carpenter made sure her skincare routine was up to scratch, but despite the A-list event she used a very affordable brand to help keep her skin clear and hydrated.
Her makeup artist Carolina Gonzalez shared the skincare products she used on the singer ahead of her red carpet appearance, and it included Cetaphil’s Gentle Skin Cleanser Wash, £7.50 here (was £10). Carolina said: “Our look today was all about glowing, fresh skin and our inspiration is delicately fierce."
The cleanser is the perfect pick for any skin type, but it’s well-known as being a go-to for those who have extra-sensitive or dry skin. It blends glycerin, niacinamine and panthenol together to help even out and balance your skin tone as well as giving it a major dose of hydration – perfect for Sabrina’s glowing, fresh-faced look.
Unlike most cleansers, which are applied using water then washed away, the Cetaphil cleanser is applied to dry skin and massaged in. You then simply take a soft, dry cloth and wipe away the excess, leaving a lightweight transparent film on your skin that locks in moisture, keeps dirt and pollutants out, and helps leave a radiant finish.
As well as the budget-friendly cleanser, Carolina also used a whole host of other products from Cetaphil on the Espresso singer, including the Cetaphil Moisturising Lotion, £18.75 here (was £25), and the Cetaphil Daily Hydrating Moisturiser, £15 here. Both moisturisers are ideal for super dry, tired and sensitive skin, and are packed with ingredients that not only hydrate, but nourish your complexion too.
Alongside her affordable skincare products of choice, Carolina also used the Solawave Advanced Skincare Wand With Red Light Therapy, £121.50 here (was £135), on Sabrina’s face before the Gala. The skincare wand has been backed by science and comes fully aesthetician-approved, and uses four different skincare technologies to give your face an at-home spa-like facial.
It uses microcurrent, red light therapy, therapeutic warmth and facial massage to tackle a number of skincare concerns, including fine lines and wrinkles, puffiness, dark circles, pigmentation and dark spots. All you need to do is use it for five minutes a day and it’ll help depuff and energise your skin, leaving it glowing and more youthful looking.
If you ever needed proof that you don’t need a Hollywood budget to get A-lister-worthy skin, you just need to look at Sabrina’s Met Gala skin. We’re sold!
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.