Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A video of Taylor Swift's backup dancers has gone viral online—and people are mocking their moves.
The pop superstar has just wrapped up the Australian leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour. She completed a series of shows in Melbourne from February 16 to 18, where she played to 96,000 people at each of the three concerts.
She then performed sold-out shows in Sydney from February 23 to 26. Swift broke a new record thanks to these concerts, as she became the first artist to perform four nights in a row at the Accor Stadium. Her next performance is on March 2 in Singapore, where she will perform six shows.
On February 23, X user (formerly Twitter) @jasnfr shared a video of Swift dancing with her backup dancers, who were all dressed in red, to the song We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together. They captioned the post: "can't believe people pay money to see this."
it’s probably easy AF being her background dancer hold on lmaooo how much they pay? https://t.co/GOdMWQm0G9
The post was then reshared by user @REDSEASHAWTY on February 26, who added: "it's probably easy AF being her background dancer hold on lmaooo how much they pay?" At the time of writing the post had been viewed 20 million times.
People took the opportunity to call out the performers for their dancing, and not many people were impressed.
Newsweek contacted Swift's publicist for comment via email on Tuesday.
"They do the most basic dance routines it's hilarious," one person commented.
"The ASL interpreter probably doing more than they are," said another.
"Lil homies dancing like the wiggles," someone else wrote.
A fourth person added: "Definitely giving kids bop vibes."
One person wrote about Swift specifically: "She performs like she's in a middle school talent show."
However, others stood up for the singer and her dancers.
"The pay can be exploitative. Long hours, little recognition, and the pressure to stay in shape is no joke. It's a tough industry, and those dancers deserve respect, even if it looks 'easy' on stage," said one.
"They paid to see an ARTIST, not a dancer. She plays instruments (plural), write her own songs and sings live. Others can't play one and steal song credits," commented another.
A third added: "I'll never get Taylor Swift hate tbh. She's one of the most unproblematic artists out there."
Others pointed out the fact that Swift's employees are paid well.
"She also gave her staff $75M total in bonuses (separate from their pay)," one person explained.
"She gave them some big bonuses at the end of the tour. I don't know how much the dancers got, but the truckers got $100k," said another X user.
It comes as no surprise that Swift has been in the news a lot recently as her Eras Tour continues. Hundreds of fans had to be evacuated at her first concert in Sydney due to nearby lightning strikes.
"Stay undercover until further notice and follow venue screens and staff instructions," a post on the stadium's official X account read. "Stay safe and remember to be kind to those around you."
The stadium, built for the 2000 Olympic Games, doesn't have a retractable roof to protect people from the elements.
The concert was due to start at 6.20 p.m with Sabrina Carpenter as the opening act, but it was delayed and Carpenter's set was eventually scrapped so Swift could start on time.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC