Sabrina Carpenter brought her retro aesthetic to the Time100 Next Gala in New York City last night. The singer, who also performed at the Fiji Water-sponsored event, arrived on the red carpet wearing a form-fitting silver Versace gown with a thigh-high leg slit. Carpenter’s blonde hair was styled in old Hollywood waves. 
She later changed into a black minidress with a bow-adorned neckline to sing “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” during the event. Videos surfaced on social media of her performance.
Carpenter just began her Short n’ Sweet tour. She spoke in her Time interview for the magazine’s Time100 Next portfolio about how this year has been unbelievable to her following the breakout success of her single “Espresso.”
“There were so many things I dreamt of doing as a little girl I got to do this year that felt like such a cool, sweet, little bucket-list moment for my younger self,” she said. “I literally threw up when I found out about SNL [Carpenter made her debut as a performer on the show in May]. Not to be graphic.” 
She also couldn’t believe she had the chance to perform on the main MTV VMAs stage last month. “I grew up watching those performances and being like, I want to do that,” she said. “But then it all just seemed so—not even out of reach, just like I had a different plan in my head of when it was all supposed to happen.” While she expected some moments to come sooner given her more-than-10 years in the industry, the 25-year-old star is also grateful for how it panned out: “I feel so prepared for these moments,” she said. “If I was even 17 or 18, I think I would have been way, way more nervous and intimidated.” 
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.