Strictly Come Dancing star Tasha Ghouri has opened up about the difficulties she's facing with her latest dance routine - and admitted that she was keen to plan a wedding with her beau, Andrew Le Page.
The Love Island alum recently wowed Strictly Come Dancing judges and viewers with her first performance on the BBC hit show, bagging an impressive 30 out of 40 for her Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso" with her professional dance partner Aljaz Skorjanec. Tasha Ghouri's boyfriend Andrew Le Page, whom she met on the ITV2 reality series, was spotted cheering her on from the crowd, a moment that was spotlighted by It Takes Two host Fleur East during a chat aired this Tuesday (September 24) evening.
Tasha gushed: "He's just so supportive in everything I do and he knows how much this really means to me. That's my future husband right there. He's so amazing and I love him to pieces."
Fleur teased: "They're getting married" while Aljaz added: "I want to be there." Tasha joked: "Strictly wedding, let's go.", reports the Express. While time will tell if the Love Island star decides to tie the knot with her partner, Tasha and Aljaz are set to take on the Viennese Waltz in the upcoming weekend show. But Tasha is finding it difficult.
Aljaz remarked: "Every week on Strictly you've got to start from scratch. This is our first ballroom dance and it's completely different to the Cha Cha. I love my ballroom and I prefer it so much more." Fleur pointed out that the Viennese Waltz is known for being "a dizzy one", prompting her to question Tasha on how she's coping with the spins. The contestant admitted: "Struggling a little bit actually. It's quite rotational I would say. Very, very dizzy especially with my cochlear implant my balance is off so there's an extra bit of challenge there and I'm really having focus on my focus point."
This Tuesday, Fleur East also spoke to Paul Merson, who appeared on the programme with his own dancing partner Karen Hauer. The former footballer opened up about his own struggle with Strictly. Paul gave a rather hesitant "Yeah? " when asked if he was having fun, triggering a wave of laughter across the studio. But he soon highlighted one of his biggest struggles in the show.
While some of his co-stars may experience mishaps in or out of the training room, as Nick Knowles proved himself by injuring his arm while changing a tyre, Paul said he struggled to adapt to the "showbizy bit" of Strictly as he continued: "You know what? I don't know that's the bit I find really hard, the showbizy bit."
Paul Merson let slip about how alien the entertainment world feels to him as he confessed: "I'm a footballer, put your boot on, you get the job done. I find that- I'm like a little shy boy."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.