Eminem performed on Thursday evening in his hometown of Detroit, Michigan
Eminem has claimed his 11th number one single in the official charts this week with the track Houdini.
It comes from his new album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce), and is the rapper's first chart topping hit since Godzilla in 2020.
The Detroit artist is best known for his collaborations in recent years, but his newest track is his first solo number one single in 19 years.
Houdini is also the biggest opening week for a song since Dave and Central Cee's hit Sprinter, which came out this time last year.
Eminem, whose real name is Marshall Mathers, has sparked debate with his new album name, as he announces his goodbye to his alter-ego.
'The death of Slim Shady': Controversial legacy of Eminem's peroxide-blond alter ego
In a surprise announcement in April, he teased the album in a mock murder news report, external - complete with cameos from long-time collaborators Dr Dre, Snoop Dogg and 50 Cent.
His new track has knocked Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso off the top spot and draws the 51-year-old level with Calvin Harris on the list of most number one singles in the UK, with 11.
Elsewhere in the charts, Central See and Lil Baby's BAND4BAND is in at number 3 and singer-songwriter Myles Smith hits new heights of number eight with his track Stargazing.
The Luton-based singer says it is "beautiful to see Stargazing resonating with so many people". 
K-pop group ATEEZ have gained their third number one album in the space of a year
A Bar Song (Tipsy) by Shaboozey droped to four, while Billie Eilish's Birds of a Feather remained at number five in the singles chart.
Taylor Swift, whose Eras Tour lands in the UK this evening, remains top of the album charts with The Tortured Poets Department.
Billie Eilish climbed one place to second with Hit Me Hard and Soft, while Becky Hill is a new entry in third place with her album Believe Me Now. 
Hill's album, which is her second studio offering, is her best performing album to date - her debut album Only Honest On The Weekend peaked at number seven, in 2021.
There's also chart success for K-pop group ATEEZ, who have achieved their third top 10 album with Golden Hour: Part 1.
The South Korean group are made up of eight members - Hongjoong, Seonghwa, Yunho, Yeosang, San, Mingi, Wooyoung and Jongho.
It's a record-breaking achievement as the band have secured three top 10 albums in one year, following the success of The World EP.2: Outlaw and The World EP.Fin: Will.
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
Sir John Curtice: The map that shows Reform's triumph was much more than a protest vote
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.