After hitting the red carpet at the Met Gala in a black and blue mermaid-style gown, Sabrina Carpenter changed into another show-stopping look that still touched on the “Garden of Time” dress code.
For an after-party, the “Espresso” singer slipped into a baby blue minidress by Oscar De La Renta with a corset top. The skirt was completely constructed out of faux flowers. She added white platform Mary Janes and accented the look with diamond jewelry. Her long blond locks were styled in loose, bouncy waves, with her signature curtain bangs.
Carpenter opted to attend the party solo while her beau, Saltburn actor Barry Keoghan, went to another event for Soho House and Porsche, which he co-hosted at the private club’s location in the Meatpacking District. For the exclusive museum fundraiser, Keoghan wore a vintage-style brown velvet tuxedo from Burberry, complete with a top hat, but afterward, he kept his look more casual. He changed into a pair of cream-colored joggers with a matching windbreaker jacket that he wore unzipped, revealing a blue T-shirt underneath. He added white sneakers and a gold pendant chain necklace. 
The couple opted to walk the Met Gala red carpet separately, but they did stop for photos together at the end of the carpet, officially hard launching their relationship. In one picture, Carpenter laughed while gazing into Keoghan’s eyes. An X user noted that their ensembles look similar to Alice and the Mad Hatter from the 2016 film Alice Through the Looking Glass, and that they could have subtly coordinated their outfits.
67 Celebrities at Their Very First Met Gala
Everything We Know About the 2025 Met Gala
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
Why Gisele Bündchen Is Skipping the 2025 Met Gala
Why Justin and Hailey Bieber Skipped the Met Gala
Gigi Hadid Goes Retro in a Floral White Dress
Why Selena Gomez Skipped the Met Gala
How Rachel Zegler Got Ready for the 2024 Met Gala
Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo Duet at the Met
Kim K Explains Why She Wore a Cardigan to the Met
All the Best Tweets About the 2024 Met Gala
Why Jenna Ortega Skipped the 2024 Met Gala
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.