By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:11, 6 December 2024   |  Updated:  06:33, 7 December 2024   
 10
View  comments
Fans are slamming the quality of Sabrina Carpenter's merchandise just weeks after Taylor Swift was met with the same criticism from disgruntled Swifties. 
Sabrina, who recently split from boyfriend Barry Keoghan, has been headlining her sold-out Short 'N' Sweet Tour, which ended its US leg.
The 25-year-old pop star has gearing up for the release of her Netflix holiday special A Nonsense Christmas.
While the Espresso hitmaker has been busy, her fans have been flooding TikTok and Reddit with their commentary about her merchandise quality. 
Sabrina's fans - called Carpenters - are complaining it doesn't look anything like it does online and that it fades immediately. 
TikTok user Gracie, 23, in Florida, bought the embellished silver mirror with Sabrina's lyrics 'Just did my makeup so nice' for $45 - but she wasn't impressed with what she received.
'Babe I can't read it,' she captioned the viral video, which received more than 116,000 likes. 
Gracie showed off her purchase to a warped version of the song Please Please Please, and the lyrics were unreadable.
Fans are slamming the quality of Sabrina Carpenter's merchandise just weeks after Taylor Swift was met with the same criticism from disgruntled Swifties
TikTok user Gracie, 23, in Florida, bought the embellished silver mirror with Sabrina's lyrics 'Just did my makeup so nice' for $45 - but she wasn't impressed with the finished product 
TikTok user Antonella also complained about her merch, asking, 'Is anyone else having this issue with their Sabrina tour merch???!' before showing off her Short N' Sweet Tour shirt, which looked stained
The sold-out mirror's description reads, 'please note: depiction of this product is a digital rendering and for illustrative purposes only. Actual product detailing may vary.'
Some fans were aghast with the purchase, with others more shocked by the price. 
'Real question is why did you spend $45 on a hand mirror,' one asked. 
'Her and Taylor must have the same merch company,' one pointed out, as the Mastermind singer often receives similar criticism. 
TikTok user Antonella also complained about the Taste singer's merch, asking, 'Is anyone else having this issue with their Sabrina tour merch???!' before showing off her Short N' Sweet Tour shirt, which looked stained. 
Antonella explained she hand washed the shirt in cold water, but the dye started to bleed and fade before she ever got to wear it. 
'The merch said "I'll be keeping my stay here short and sweet,"' one follower joked. 
'I've become somewhat of an expert on this because Taylor's tour shirts had similar issues. Take parchment paper and iron over the ink for about 10-15 minutes it should solidify the ink,' another person said.
'I bought the lingerie t-shirt and the white tour dates t-shirt off Sabrina's website and I got the merch over the weekend and the quality is insanely terrible,' one Reddit user lamented
'The merch said "I'll be keeping my stay here short and sweet,"' one follower joked, as it can barely survive going through the washing machine 
On Reddit, the Girl Meets World star's fans complained bitterly in a thread titled, 'Really, really awful quality merch from Sabrina's site?' 
'I bought the lingerie T-shirt and the white tour dates T-shirt off Sabrina's website and I got the merch over the weekend and the quality is insanely terrible,' one Reddit user lamented.
They explained the material felt synthetic, 'the signature on the back looks like a stain, the shirt IS stained, the little SC on the front looks blurry,' and there was no heart logo.
'It looks and feels like plastic,' they added, before moaning, 'I'm going to see if I can get a refund but this is worse than just "cheap merch" like this is crazy.'
Taylor, 34 - who Sabrina opened for on The Eras Tour - has been similarly maligned for her merchandise. 
When Taylor released her holiday collection, which included ornaments, festive décor, sweatshirts, jackets, and pajamas and ranged from $15 to $120, the Cruel Summer singer's fans took issue with the quality.
Some items didn't have the same design as the website while others were made of inexpensive material for high prices or quickly faded. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group