Spend time with stories about the myth of the broke Millennial, Amazon’s big secret, and more.
This is an edition of The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter that guides you through the biggest stories of the day, helps you discover new ideas, and recommends the best in culture. Sign up for it here.
Our editors compiled these six articles for your Labor Day reading. Spend some time with stories about the questions we should ask our families, Amazon’s big secret, the myth of the broke Millennial, and more.
The Reading List
The Questions We Don’t Ask Our Families but Should
Many people don’t know very much about their older relatives. But if we don’t ask, we risk never knowing our own history.
By Elizabeth Keating
Amazon’s Big Secret
Nearly 30 years after the company was founded, we still don’t really know where its profits come from. The answer will loom large in the antitrust case against it.
By Stacy Mitchell
What Bobby McIlvaine Left Behind
Grief, conspiracy theories, and one family’s search for meaning in the two decades since 9/11
By Jennifer Senior
This Is Exactly What the Trump Team Feared
A campaign that had been optimized to beat Joe Biden must now be reinvented.
By Tim Alberta
The Myth of the Broke Millennial
After a rough start, the generation is thriving. Why doesn’t it feel that way?
By Jean M. Twenge
The Real Reason People Aren’t Having Kids
It’s a need that government subsidies and better family policy can’t necessarily address.
By Christine Emba
Essay
When Labor Day Meant Something
By Chad Broughton
Somewhere along the line, Labor Day lost its meaning. Today the holiday stands for little more than the end of summer and the start of school, weekend-long sales, and maybe a barbecue or parade. It is no longer political …
Labor Day, though, was meant to honor not just the individual worker, but what workers accomplish together through activism and organizing.
Read the full article.
Culture Break
Watch. Blink Twice (out in theaters), a horror film about the dangers of befriending the rich and powerful.
Listen. Sabrina Carpenter’s new album, Short n’ Sweet (out now), tackles the exasperation of being young, female, straight, and single in 2024, Spencer Kornhaber writes.
Play our daily crossword.
Photo Album
Take a look at these finalists in the Ocean Photographer of the Year competition, featuring some of the best coastal, drone, and underwater photos.
When you buy a book using a link in this newsletter, we receive a commission. Thank you for supporting The Atlantic.