Sabrina Carpenter’s statement hair and makeup has all but defined the latest beauty trends with countless fans trying to replicate her doll-like appearance. For those that don’t even know where to start though, beauty and wellness marketplace Fresha delved into the Espresso singer’s routine and found some simple steps and product switches fans can make to keep up with the star without her Hollywood budget.
Sabrina’s voluminous waves have become synonymous with the singer, rarely deviating from the bouncy curls. Many influencers and beauty stars have been able to recreate these locks near-perfect with the likes of a Dyson Airwrap or similar curling devices, which often cost a fortune.
However, the experts shared a far cheaper alternative that is also healthier for your hair in the long run. They said: “The easiest way to do this is with a heatless curler. These can be bought for an affordable price from shops and online retailers such as Amazon, but the cheapest way to go about it is using something you already own.”
This method just needs a piece of soft fabric like socks, a dressing gown tie or scarf that’s long enough to fit over your head. Drape it over your head so the ends sit next to your ears, similar to how two braids would sit, then wrap your hair around the fabric until it raches the end and secure it here with a hair tie.
The experts recommended twisting the left side anticlockwise around the fabric and the right side clockwise. Alternatively, you can also use heatless rods which can be slept in to secure your curls overnight. After you’ve taken out your choice of curling tool, brush the waves through until you’re satisfied with the style and spritz some hairspray to set it all.
Curtain bangs have seen a rise in popularity over the past few years, largely due to celebrities like Sabrina, Dakota Johnson and Billie Eilish, these are cut with a separation in the middle of the head and gently tapers lower from the centre outwards to frame the face. Styling curtain bangs can be an entirely new experience for people used to normal bangs, the experts recommended blow-drying them while using a brush to curve them outwards. For more volume, you can curve the middle section inwards and using hairspray, styling cream, serum or pomade to keep it in place.
Sabrina’s sun-kissed dewey complexion has become skin goals for many fans this summer, providing an even base for her makeup while still letting her natural freckles shine through. The Please Please Please singer took fans through her morning tutorial for this with Elle Magazine, applying Charlotte Tilbury Flawless Filter followed by Laura Mercier Ultra-Longwear Concealer.
The experts shared some budget alternatives to these products that offer similar results including e.l.f. Halo Glow Liquid Filter “for less than half the price” and Charlotte Tilbury Beauty Light Wand. For the latter, they recommended adding just a few drops to the top of your cheekbones, the bridge of your nose, the inner corners of your eyes, and anywhere else you’d like to highlight for the “perfect shimmer”.
After years of under-painting ruling the makeup world, Sabrina’s proud blushing looks have started a trend of its own, incorporating a number of rosy shades across her cheeks. Her makeup artist, Carolina Gonzalez, creates this look using Armani Beauty Luminous Silk Cheek Tints in shades 53 Bold Pink and 62 Delicate Mauve.
The experts warned the exact shades you should be using will depend on your skin tone and undertones, but recreating Sabrina’s radiant sunset effect does require at least two shades being blended together. Put the boldest colour high on the apple of your cheeks and blend it outwards with the more subtle colour. The experts encouraged: “You can have fun by exploring different combinations to discover that best suits your bone structure.”
Sabrina accentuates her full lips with a combination of Makeup Forever Colour Pencil in the shade ‘Whatever Walnut’ alongside the Hourglass Glossy Balm in the shade ‘Desire’ for her iconic glazed effect. The experts revealed this can be replicated “using any mauve or brown lipliner in combination with a pink lip gloss, balm, or oil”.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.