Music is a must-have when you’re catching up on chores, like cleaning your dorm room or prepping for finals, and nothing makes a study break hit harder than blasting your favorite songs. Because it’s the holiday season, you have an excuse to make every musical moment a little more ~festive~. If you’re not sure which merry playlist will have what you like, try starting with these upbeat Christmas songs. 
Now, there’s a time and a place for ballads and slower classics, but that time and place is not when you’re dancing it out in your dorm room. The same goes for when you’re decorating your dorm for the holidays, hosting a seasonal craft party for your friends, or taking a speedy winter walk on campus to your next class.
As I created this holiday playlist, I focused on songs that have high beats per minute (bpm), so you can think of this as your go-to party playlist. Plus, it’s got some of your favorite artists — Ariana Grande and Sabrina Carpenter make multiple appearances — and yes, you’ll also find the queen of Christmas: Mariah Carey. But Christmas isn’t the only holiday with straight-up bangers. You won’t want to skip Adam Sandler’s “The Chanukah Song” or Daveed Diggs’ “Puppy for Hanukkah.” 
Wondering if there are any throwbacks? Those are definitely covered with tracks like “My Only Wish (This Year)” by Britney Spears and “Step into Christmas” by Elton John — oh yeah, this playlist has range, baby. 
These songs are also perfect for whenever you want to instantly put yourself in the holiday spirit, like when you’re one of the last students on campus, thanks to a late final. Or, if all you want to do is recreate an iconic scene from Mean Girls during a dorm hang, “Jingle Bell Rock” (aespa’s version) is ready and waiting for you. 
With 40 songs and a playtime of two hours and 15 minutes, there’s a little bit of everything (and a whole lot of joy) on this holiday playlist. All you have to do is press play! 
This post originally ran on Dorm Therapy. See it there: The Holiday Playlist I’ll Have on Repeat Until January (All Bangers, No Skips!)
 The home you love starts here
 The home you love starts here
More From Us
Follow along
Newsletter
Enjoy a daily dose of house tours, before & afters, decorating hacks, and more.
By subscribing, you acknowledge and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
© 2025 Apartment Therapy, LLC / Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyEU and US State Data Subject RequestsManage Preferences