By KIRSTY MCCORMACK, SENIOR ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:40, 30 April 2024   |  Updated:  16:41, 30 April 2024   
 38
View  comments
She kicked off her career at the tender age of 12 with a role on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, and since then, this pint-sized star has gone on to star in several Disney shows and release five studio albums.
As well as The Goodwin Games, and Austin and Ally, this blonde star also enjoyed a brief part in hit Netflix series Orange Is The New Black before landing a main role on Girl Meets World.
As a popstar, she has supported the likes of Ariana Grande and The Vamps on tour, and recently achieved her first top 10 hit on the Hot 100.
She now has more than 33 million followers on Instagram and has even bagged herself a Hollywood actor boyfriend - who joined her in Palm Springs for her recent slot at Coachella.
Most recently, this 24-year-old joined forces with none other than Kim Kardashian when she endorsed and modeled some seriously sexy lingerie from her shapewear brand Skims, but can you guess who she is?
This pint-sized pop star kicked off her acting career at the age of 12 in an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
 She also played the role of Chloe in TV series The Goodwin Games in 2013
This actress enjoyed a small part in the hit Netflix series Orange Is The New Black in 2013
The child star is no stranger to the limelight and has been posing on red carpets since 2011
She is Sabrina Carpenter - the Pennsylvania-born singer and actress who is dating Saltburn star Barry Keoghan and recently supported Taylor Swift on certain dates of her Eras Tour.
Sabrina was born on May 11, 1999, to parents David and Elizabeth Carpenter, and was homeschooled in East Greenville.
 Did you guess correctly? 
 Did you guess correctly? 
Now share your opinion
When she was about 10 years old, Sabrina began posting videos on YouTube of herself singing Christina Aguilera and Adele songs.
This led to her father building a recording studio for her to fuel her passion for music and in 2009, she placed third in a singing contest, The Next Miley Cyrus Project, run by the Hannah Montana star.
Sabrina's first acting role was in 2011 in a guest role on the NBC drama series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, where she played a character named Paula.
In summer the following year, Sabrina had a recurring role in the Fox sitcom The Goodwin Games and appeared in 2013 film Horns. She also recorded the track Smile for the compilation album Disney Fairies: Faith, Trust, and Pixie Dust, inspired by the Disney Fairies film series.
That same year, Sabrina was cast in Girl Meets World, a spin-off of the popular Disney series Boy Meets World, as Maya Hart.
The show consisted of 72 episodes, and concluded on January 20, 2017, and Sabrina had recorded the show's theme song alongside her costar, Rowan Blanchard.
The pop star is none other than Sabrina Carpenter who is pictured here performing at Coachella on April 12
Sabrina played the role of Lucy in Austin & Ally alongside actor Ross Lynch in 2013
Sabrina played the role of Maya Hart on the Disney Channel series Girl Meets World from 2014 until 2017
The former Disney star has certainly shed her good girl image in recent years
The blonde star, seen here at the Vanity Fair Oscars party in March 2024, will turn 25 on May 11
Sabrina signed a five-album deal with label Hollywood Records, which was owned by Disney at the time, and in March 2014, she released her debut single Can't Blame A Girl For Trying, which was cowritten by Meghan Trainor.
In the decade since that release, Sabrina has treated fans to five studio albums, with the most recent entitled Emails I Can't Send released in July 2022.
Her newest single, Espresso, has proved to be a huge hit and peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100, and follows her stint of supporting Taylor Swift on The Eras Tour.
In an interview with Cosmopolitan last month while reflecting on opening for the Anti-Hero singer in Latin America, Australia and Singapore, Sabrina said she felt 'so genuinely lucky.'
'I get to perform a set that I'm super comfortable with, and then I get to watch one of the greatest performers every night,' she continued.
'It almost feels like a Broadway show because everything is so synchronized, but at the same time feels so in the moment.
'That's an art. It's really hard to teach. It's really hard to learn. And I feel so lucky that I get to watch Taylor perform every time. It makes me want to tour the world again, which is a good feeling.'
Most recently, Sabrina performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival where she made a racy reference to her beau, Barry Keoghan, and his role in the hit film Saltburn. 
Sabrina performing with Taylor Swift on her Eras tour in Sydney, Australia, in February 2024
Sabrina is currently in a relationship with Irish actor Barry Keoghan. They're pictured together here in March 2024
The singer has a habit of changing the outro of her song Nonsense during various concerts - and this version was especially risqué.
'He's drinkin' my bath water like it's red wine,' she sang in footage posted to TikTok. 'Coachella, see you back here when I headline.'
She was referring to Barry's steamy performance in last year's drama Saltburn, which catapulted him to international sex symbol status.
The Emerald Fennell directed movie includes a viral scene in which Jacob Elordi masturbates in the bath and Barry sneaks into the room afterwards to slurp up the leftover water.
However, despite the obvious reference to Barry, Sabrina is yet to go Instagram official with the Dunkirk star and even dodged a question about him during an interview back in February.
However, no doubt the father-of-one will be pictured cheering Sabrina on in the crowd when she performs at London's Wembley Stadium as part of the 2024 Capital Summertime Ball lineup alongside the likes of David Guetta and Little Mix star Perrie Edwards.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group