Boots shoppers are snapping up a designer perfume with more than 3,000 reviews - and it's £13 off in an early Black Friday deal. Gucci Flora Gorgeous Orchid is normally £68 for a 30ml bottle but has just dropped to £54.40.
Flora Gorgeous Orchid is a new release that came out earlier this year with Marie Salamagne (known for Black Opium by Yves Saint Laurent, Aura Mugler by Mugler, and By the Fireplace by Maison Martin Margiela) on the nose. It's simple with just three parts, a vanilla duo top note, vanilla orchid heart and base of 'ozonic notes'.
Gucci Flora Gorgeous Orchid is the first ozonic floral gourmand fragrance of the House. Ozonic notes are described as a blend of fragrance notes that evoke the smell of fresh, open air, ocean breezes, or sea mist.
READ MORE: Amazon shoppers are 'enchanted' by sophisticated perfume for under £20
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter fans go crazy for new perfume that 'smells better than Tom Ford'
It's pulled in an average rating of 4.8 out of 5 from across 3178 reviews, 96% of reviewers surveyed said that they would recommend this product. One shopper said: "I have never loved a floral perfume more. This is the most heavenly scent. Walking through a floral patch with light notes of almost vanilla."
A second penned: "When I say this smells amazing! Go and get it. You will love it. Literally smells so good and lasts long. A little goes a long way!"
A third wrote: "Gucci you have outdone yourself! So subtle, classy and light. The scent is absolutely heavenly and I told my husband he needs to buy me a bottle! I am obsessed with the Gucci Flora Gorgeous Orchid perfume!"
A fourth added: "I'm really not a floral person, but the sweet light vanilla scent at the end changed this for me. Best of both worlds. Definitely recommend."
The main criticism its received is that it's more mature than the other Gucci Flora scents, one shopper wrote: "I wanted to love this perfume as I have the pink bottle of the Gucci perfume and I really enjoy it! This scent is much more mature than the pink bottle and unfortunately, that is not something I was looking for. It is very floral. I will say it lasted during a workout so it is good quality but just not my taste."
This is a popular scent with fans of Vanilla 28 by Kayali and Goddess by Burberry. You can get Gucci Flora Gorgeous Orchid for £54.40 on Boots or £52 for members of The Fragrance Shop.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.