The 'Gossip Girl' star attended Sunday's Super Bowl with her close friend Taylor Swift 
 Blake Lively is back home after Super Bowl weekend.

 Late on Monday, the Gossip Girl actress, 36, posted an Instagram Story in response to her husband Ryan Reynolds' Instagram joke questioning where she was — even though Lively had been shown alongside Taylor Swift multiple times on TV that night.

 Posing in front of the same Deadpool trailer background as Reynolds, 47, did in his post, Lively wrote, "Honey, I'm home."

 "My day was good. Yours?" she added.

blake lively/instagram
 Lively was alongside Swift at Sunday's Super Bowl in Las Vegas, which saw the "Love Story" hitmaker's boyfriend Travis Kelce help bring the Kansas City Chiefs to victory over the San Francisco 49ers.

 The Gossip Girl alum cheered on the Chiefs wearing a red Adidas tracksuit and white cropped tank top. Rather than go all-out sporty, however, she paired the look with stiletto heels and retro '80s-style curls.

Ryan Reynolds/instagram
 Reynolds — who tied the knot with Lively in 2012 — hilariously took to Instagram to ask “Has everyone seen the #Deadpool trailer? Also has anyone seen my wife?”

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human-interest stories.

 He then shared a shot of Lively's arm, featuring multiple bangles and a Deadpool charm, with the caption, "Found my wife."

 Last fall, Reynolds did join his wife and their friends for a Chiefs game when they played the New York Jets, in October.

 Famous faces including Hugh Jackman, Sophie Turner, Sabrina Carpenter, Antoni Porowski and Shawn Levy also joined the crew, which also included Swift.

 After the game, Lively and Reynolds congratulated quarterback Patrick Mahomes as the now three-time Super Bowl champion left the stadium, as seen in a video on X (formerly Twitter) shared by reporter Rich Jones.

 The Deadpool star looked thrilled at meeting Mahomes, 28, and the pair shared a hug and briefly chatted about the close game, which the Chiefs won, 23-20. Lively meanwhile appeared to tell the quarterback he was "amazing."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)