The pop star delivered new surprise medleys at Accor Stadium on Feb. 24.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Taylor Swift was full of new surprises in Sydney, Australia.

	On Saturday (Feb. 23), the second night of her Eras Tour stint at Accor Stadium, the pop superstar — who at each tour date performs two tracks that are not often heard during the show — delivered another pair of mashups during the acoustic section of her set.

	For her first surprise track of the evening, Swift performed a mashup of “Should’ve Said No,” from her 2006 self-titled debut, and “You’re Not Sorry,” from 2008’s Fearless. The second mashup featured the singer sitting down at the piano for a medley of Reputation‘s “New Year’s Day” and “Peace” off Folklore.

	Friday’s show also found Swift announcing a third edition of her upcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department, titled “The Albatross,” which features a limited bonus song of the same name. She dropped the news during her nightly surprise song section before bringing out opener Sabrina Carpenter to assist in singing a mashup of “White Horse” and “Coney Island.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	These aren’t the first mashups Swift has performed during the surprise songs portion of her Eras Tour concerts. The first unexpected medley arrived during her Feb. 17 show at Australia’s Melbourne Cricket Ground, where she gave a three-song mashup of “Getaway Car,” “August” and “The Other Side of the Door.”

	“I just really want you to be happy because you’re making me happy,” the pop star told Swifties before the medley. “So I figured you might want to hear this one, let me know though.”

	The following evening, Swift combined “Come Back… Be Here” from her Red era with Lover closing track “Daylight” at Melbourne Cricket Ground.

	During the Feb. 18 show, Swift also issued a PSA about getting “creative” with the surprise songs. The singer previously told fans she’s given herself permission to repeat songs she’s already played this tour for the trek’s international leg, which she’s currently on. But she’s still set on bringing some element of chaos to her nightly song choices.

	“That was to challenge me to really get to all the ones that I just don’t naturally gravitate towards, and I feel really proud about having done that,” Swift said at the Melbourne show, referring to her original plan to avoid surprise song repeats throughout the tour.

	“But this is sort of a public service announcement to everyone who might be anywhere else on the tour, or whatever, or watching this — we have a lot of people, we’re very lucky to have a lot of people watch this on the internet and care about these shows if they’re not here,” she continued. “I’ve just been kind of rethinking, and I’ve been thinking I want to be as creative as possible with the acoustic set moving forward.”

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.