By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:06, 11 July 2024   |  Updated:  04:34, 11 July 2024   
 12
View  comments
The Simpsons star Nancy Cartwright just confirmed 'the rumors' that It Girl Sabrina Carpenter is, in fact, her nepotistically-privileged niece.
'Yeah, absolutely!' the 66-year-old Emmy winner - who boasts 4M social media followers - answered a fan question on Tuesday.
'Isn't that amazing? When you find out that somebody, that maybe you've known me for a little while, doing this little 10-year-old boy for like 35 some years, and some of you guys for way less than that. Find out that I'm related to this, like, superstar. She's pretty amazing.'
Nancy was also pictured with the 'incredibly talented' 25-year-old pop star in a throwback 2011 snap from the Hollywood premiere of Happy Feet 2 they attended alongside 'one of the greatest artists of our generation, the late great Robin Williams.'
Cartwright also proudly posted a video of her 'gorgeous niece' performing at the Roxy in West Hollywood back in 2016, remarking: 'She is all of 17 - going on 30! She is such a star!'
The Simpsons star Nancy Cartwright (R) just confirmed 'the rumors' that It Girl Sabrina Carpenter (L) is, in fact, her nepotistically-privileged niece
The 66-year-old Emmy winner answered a fan question on Tuesday: 'Isn't that amazing? When you find out that somebody, that maybe you've known me for a little while, doing this little 10-year-old boy for like 35 some years, and some of you guys for way less than that. Find out that I'm related to this, like, superstar. She's pretty amazing'
In 2021, Sabrina told Wired that the 'talented' Scientologist was her father David Carpenter's sister and gushed about 'learning so much just from' observing the 'legend.'
Indeed, Nancy reportedly earns an eye-popping $300K per episode voicing 12 characters - including Bart Simpson, Nelson Muntz, and Ralph Wiggum - on the longest-running sitcom in TV history created by Matt Groening in 1987.
The Simpsons will officially air its 800th episode during the upcoming 36th season on Fox.
Cartwright is also famous for voicing the character Chuckie Finster on Paramount+ reboot Rugrats, which has aired two seasons since 2021.
Carpenter - who taught herself how to play piano and guitar with YouTube tutorials - had long maintained that she got discovered after placing third in The Next Miley Cyrus Project in 2009.
But the former Disney Channel star scored a major career boost serving opening duties for 14-time Grammy winner Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Mexico, South America, Australia, and Singapore.
Last week, Sabrina - who's dating Oscar-nominated actor Barry Keoghan - scored her her very first number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart with her hit song, Please Please Please.
On Tuesday, Carpenter unveiled the full 12-song track list for her sixth studio album Short n' Sweet - dropping August 23 - including Taste, Good Graces, Sharpest Tool, Coincidence, Bed Chem, Dumb & Poetic, Slim Pickins, Juno, Lie to Girls, and Don't Smile.
The Espresso hitmaker - who gets 86.8M monthly listeners on Spotify - is next scheduled to headline Outside Lands Festival in San Francisco from August 9-11 before kicking off her sold-out, 33-date Short n' Sweet Tour.
But first, audiences can catch Sabrina taking on the 'Wings of Death' on First We Feast talk show Hot Ones, which streams this Thursday 11am ET on YouTube.
Nancy was also pictured with the 'incredibly talented' 25-year-old pop star (L) in a throwback 2011 snap from the Hollywood premiere of Happy Feet 2 they attended alongside 'one of the greatest artists of our generation, the late great Robin Williams' (M) 
Cartwright also proudly posted a video of her 'gorgeous niece' performing at the Roxy in West Hollywood back in 2016, remarking: 'She is all of 17 - going on 30! She is such a star!'
In 2021, Sabrina told Wired that the 'talented' Scientologist was her father David Carpenter's sister and gushed about 'learning so much just from' observing the 'legend'
Indeed, Nancy reportedly earns an eye-popping $300K per episode voicing 12 characters - including Bart Simpson, Nelson Muntz, and Ralph Wiggum - on the longest-running sitcom in TV history created by Matt Groening (R, pictured in 2017) in 1987
Cartwright is also famous for voicing the character Chuckie Finster on Paramount+ reboot Rugrats, which has aired two seasons since 2021 (pictured in 2023)
Carpenter - who taught herself how to play piano and guitar with YouTube tutorials - had long maintained that she got discovered after placing third in The Next Miley Cyrus Project in 2009 (pictured last Thursday)
But the former Disney Channel star scored a major career boost serving opening duties for 14-time Grammy winner Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Mexico, South America, Australia, and Singapore (pictured February 23) 
Last week, Sabrina - who's dating Oscar-nominated actor Barry Keoghan - scored her her very first number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart with her hit song, Please Please Please 
On Tuesday, Carpenter unveiled the full 12-song track list for her sixth studio album Short n' Sweet - dropping August 23 - including Taste, Good Graces, Sharpest Tool, Coincidence, Bed Chem, Dumb & Poetic, Slim Pickins, Juno, Lie to Girls, and Don't Smile
The Espresso hitmaker - who gets 86.8M monthly listeners on Spotify - is next scheduled to headline Outside Lands Festival in San Francisco from August 9-11 before kicking off her sold-out, 33-date Short n' Sweet Tour
But first, audiences can catch Sabrina taking on the 'Wings of Death' on First We Feast talk show Hot Ones, which streams this Thursday 11am ET on YouTube

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group