Jeremy Clarkson is just days away from welcoming punters to his new pub. The former Top Gear presenter paid “less than £1 million” for The Windmill, which is set in five acres of countryside near Burford in Oxfordshire.
The Clarkson's Farm star initially thought the pub would open in 2025, due to the renovation required. However work was completed sooner than expected and the doors are now set to open next week.
Clarkson, 64, previously said he'd ban "noisy TVs" in the establishment and encourage traditional pub games. The Who Wants to be a Millionaire host also vowed to only British produce, and hand out a free pint of Hawkstone beer to farmers.
READ MORE: Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter have 'split over his party antics'
Photographs from the newly renovated area show a large canopy has been put up outside, in addition to tables, the Express reports. The dilapidated wedding venue also boasts cobblestone walls, traditional beams, and a mezzanine floor.
Another image showed a digger moving materials as part of the renovation works before the grand opening. A marquee was also erected near the pub, with an orange The Grand Tour logo on it.
Before he settled into life as a landlord, Clarkson enjoyed a family break with partner Lisa Hogan and his children.
He said they'd rented a home in his "happy place" St Tropez in his latest column for The Times, but he faced problems with the sun "I used to lie in it, hoping I could go home looking like David Dickinson.," he confessed.
"But I never achieved that Cuprinol finish. I just went red and then all my skin fell off, as though my eczema had returned. So now I don't sunbathe at all. I just sit under a tree until five and then scuttle at high speed into the pool."
Clarkson said on his return, Kaleb Cooper spotted a worrying problem: "When I returned to the farm on Monday, Kaleb thought I'd caught vitiligo." Vitiligo is a chronic autoimmune disorder that causes skin to lose its colour or pigment, resulting in white or lighter patches, according to the NHS. But while Jeremy was clear of the skin condition, he said he'd "took a dozen hits" from mosquitoes.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.