Latest	



		AI	



		Amazon	



		Apps	



		Biotech & Health	



		Climate	



		Cloud Computing	



		Commerce	



		Crypto	



		Enterprise	



		EVs	



		Fintech	



		Fundraising	



		Gadgets	



		Gaming	



		Google	



		Government & Policy	



		Hardware	



		Instagram	



		Layoffs	



		Media & Entertainment	



		Meta	



		Microsoft	



		Privacy	



		Robotics	



		Security	



		Social	



		Space	



		Startups	



		TikTok	



		Transportation	



		Venture	



		Events	



		Startup Battlefield	



		StrictlyVC	



		Newsletters	



		Podcasts	



		Videos	



		Partner Content	



		TechCrunch Brand Studio	



		Crunchboard	



		Contact Us	

When Oasis announced its reunion tour last month, fans of the British rock icons rejoiced — by some miracle, brothers and frontmen Noel and Liam Gallagher managed to resolve their fifteen-year-long feud and got the band back together. But for fans, getting tickets to see Oasis seemed even more unlikely than the band’s reunion.
Thanks to Ticketmaster’s dynamic pricing structure, which ramps up the cost of tickets when there’s a lot of demand, some fans needed to shell out hundreds of dollars more than the initial ticket price to see Oasis play together again. When tickets went on sale for the set of European dates, some tickets that were initially priced at £150 more than doubled to cost £350. Dynamic pricing has caused similar frustrations among fans of artists like Sabrina Carpenter and Taylor Swift.
On Monday, Oasis announced it would expand its reunion tour with shows in North America, but unlike fans in the United Kingdom and Ireland, people buying tickets for North American shows will not have to contend with the maligned dynamic pricing system. 
pic.twitter.com/hUuHrSbwW5
“When unprecedented ticket demand (where the entire tour could be sold many times over at the moment tickets go on sale) is combined with technology that cannot cope with that demand, [dynamic pricing] becomes less effective and can lead to an unacceptable experience for fans,” Oasis’ management wrote in a statement.
Artists can choose to opt out of dynamic pricing, but in some cases, the issue with the feature doesn’t become apparent until it’s too late. Dropout’s Dimension 20, a Dungeons & Dragons actual play show, claimed that it was not aware that it could even opt out in the first place.
“Dynamic Pricing / Platinum Tickets had not been something explained to us, nor something presented as something we had the ability to opt out of – once we had a better understanding of the situation as a group, we communicated to Live Nation that it was Dropout and the cast’s desire to opt out of all dynamic pricing tickets for this event and for all events going forward,” Dropout said in a statement.
Dynamic pricing has become so detested among music fans that Ticketmaster is facing probes in both the United States and the United Kingdom. Thirty-nine state Attorneys General in the U.S. have sued Live Nation-Ticketmaster for anti-competitive practices — the conglomerate controls the majority of ticket sales and venue bookings in the U.S., which legislators argue has stifled competition in the space. Aside from dynamic pricing issues, fans trying to buy tickets to see artists like Taylor Swift and Beyoncé have lost their spots in line after hours in digital queues due to technical issues.
Ticketmaster claims that dynamic pricing aims to deter scalpers from buying tickets for the purpose of selling them later. By raising the prices, though, scalpers remain undeterred, and fans still end up having to pay higher prices to see the show. 
“It’s important that fans are treated fairly when they buy tickets, which is why we’ve launched this investigation,” said Sarah Cardell, Chief Executive of the U.K.’s Competition and Markets Authority. “It’s clear that many people felt they had a bad experience and were surprised by the price of their tickets at check-out.”
Topics

Senior Writer

Amanda Silberling is a senior writer at TechCrunch covering the intersection of technology and culture. She has also written for publications like Polygon, MTV, the Kenyon Review, NPR, and Business Insider. She is the co-host of Wow If True, a podcast about internet culture, with science fiction author Isabel J. Kim. Prior to joining TechCrunch, she worked as a grassroots organizer, museum educator, and film festival coordinator. She holds a B.A. in English from the University of Pennsylvania and served as a Princeton in Asia Fellow in Laos.
Send tips through Signal, an encrypted messaging app, to (929) 593-0227. For anything else, email amanda@techcrunch.com.
Get inside access to Europe’s top investment minds — with leaders from Monzo, Accel, Paladin Group, and more — plus top-tier networking at StrictlyVC London.
 Orb, a new app by Ookla’s ex-CEO, offers a broader picture of your internet connection

 Duolingo launches 148 courses created with AI after sharing plans to replace contractors with AI

 Microsoft CEO says up to 30% of the company’s code was written by AI

 Google launches AI tools for practicing languages through personalized lessons

 Indian court orders blocking of Proton Mail

 Hugging Face releases a 3D-printed robotic arm starting at $100

 From coding tests to billion-dollar startups, Ali Partovi’s eight-year experiment is paying off

© 2025 TechCrunch Media LLC.