Manage your account
At this point in December, the concert season tends to slow. Fewer big tours are still out on the road, and there are heaps of holiday events to compete with.
But, since you're reading this, you may have guessed that "slow" does not mean dormant.
There are still big tours rolling through town, special holiday-themed performances, and special engagements from local groups (Kiss the Tiger's Icehouse residency, Murf headlining Zhora Darling, and a pair of intimate shows with Yam Haus among them).
Here's a look at some of the can't-miss concerts that will be taking place this week.
Tuesday, Dec. 10 at Palace Theatre
The Norwegian electro-pop songwriter, introduced to many when she opened for Taylor Swift during “Eras Tour" performances at U.S. Bank Stadium, headlines the Palace Theatre on the heels of her second major-label album, I’m Doing It Again Baby! Her first album with Columbia Records is a bit more upbeat and features a guest spot from Sabrina Carpenter. Minnesota fans will get the chance to see the Oslo-based songwriter go a little longer than she did on the "Eras Tour" this week.
Thursday, Dec. 12 at Hook and Ladder
Cornbread Harris is back at Hook & Ladder for his annual holiday show. The local blues staple has been at the keys for many, many decades but got a little more spotlight this year after the publication of Andrea Swensson's book on his life, Deeper Blues. Now 97 years old, Cornbread is not taking it easy. He still hosts a weekly residency at Palmer's Bar and regularly plays other Minnesota music hubs. His holiday get-together is a tradition worth checking out.
Friday, Dec. 13–Sunday, Dec. 15 at Palace Theatre
The Twin Cities will get a taste of Wilco’s annual Chicago holiday shows this week. The long-running band's mini “Winterlude” tour promises “no openers” and “no repeats” over the three-night stand. That’ll make it an exciting run for Jeff Tweedy devotees heading to downtown St. Paul night after night. For anyone going for just a single night, that might mean missing out on “Heavy Metal Drummer” or “Handshake Drugs.” You'll just have to take your chances.
Saturday, Dec. 14 at Uptown Theater
This week is heavy on “an evening with” scenarios. (Local indie darlings Yam Haus are doing a pair of “an evening with” shows at the Green Room as well.) It’s been a few decades since Bush was headlining Roy Wilkins and playing festivals in Somerset. Now, the Gavin Rossdale-led group is touring on the back of its first greatest hits release. That means fans can expect to hear the hits. And, in case Bush hasn't been front of mind for a while, they had a whole lot of 'em that played constantly on '90s radio stations. "Everything Zen," "Glycerine," "Machinehead," "Swallowed," "The Chemicals Between Us"...
Sunday, Dec. 15 at First Avenue
We’re still a couple of months from Brother Ali releasing his new Ant-produced album, Satisfied Soul. However, his recently released Satisfied Soul EP gave a taste of what’s coming early next year from the former Twin Cities rapper's collaboration with Atmosphere's Ant. Now based in Istanbul, Brother Ali's return to First Avenue will surely have a bit of a homecoming feel. He'll be joined by Dee-1 and MaLLy, who open.
Concerts on Monday, Dec. 9
Aby Wolf residency w/ Barlow and Carisa at Icehouse
Roe Family Singers and Saint Paul Mudsteppers at 331 Club (free)
Palestine, Minneapolis, and the Urgent Word, presented by Palestine Festival of Literature and Mizna at The Parkway Theater
Desert Noir at Berlin (free)
Mumblin' Drew's Oldfangles Orchestrators at The White Squirrel Bar
Concerts on Tuesday, Dec. 10
girl in red with Sunday (1994) at Palace Theatre
Hot Freaks at Fine Line
Jeffrey Foucault - The Universal Fire album release with Erik Koskinen at The Parkway Theater
Machine Girl with Lightning Bolt and Kill Alters at Varsity Theater
Shaun Johnson Big Band: The Cool Yule Tour at The Dakota
JS Ondara: An Alien in Minneapolis residency at Icehouse
Related: Minnesota loves Shaboozey and Taylor Swift, according to Spotify
Concerts on Wednesday, Dec. 11
Luminaire Christmas at The Fitzgerald Theater
Colin Stough and Will Moseley at Varsity Theater
Fend, Admiral Fox, NATL PARK SRVC, and Joe Bartei at 7th St. Entry
Kathleen Johnson’s Holiday Hang feat. Cornisha Garmon, LaMont Keten, and Len Jones at The Dakota
The Passion Park Experience at Amsterdam Bar & Hall
Imminent Standards Trio at Berlin (free)
Concerts on Thursday, Dec. 12
Cornbread & Friends Holiday Blues Show at The Hook and Ladder Theater
Kiss the Tiger’s December Residency at Icehouse
The Silent Treatment, The Heavy Sixers, Muun Bato, and The 99ers at Turf Club
Daphne Jane w/ Ella Luna, Ava Levy, and Kiernan at 7th St. Entry
Mr. Sun Plays Ellington's Nutcracker at The Cedar Cultural Center
Tina Schlieske & Friends’ VaJamma Party! At The Parkway Theater
Gunhild Carling at The Dakota
Nathan Hanson’s Rope Ladder at Berlin
Early Evening Jazz: Tim Sparks & Ben Abrahamson: Home for the Holidays at Berlin (free)
"Songs of the Season," carols by Minnesota Composers (two shows) at The Landmark Center (free)
Related: Kraftwerk will return to Minneapolis to celebrate the 50th anniversary of 'Autobahn'
Concerts on Friday, Dec. 13
An Evening with Wilco at the Palace Theatre
Claudio Simonetti’s Goblin at Skyway Theatre
A Tribute to The Replacements feat. The Melismatics at the Turf Club
room3 at Berlin
Tina Schlieske & Friends - A Holiday Get-Together at The Parkway Theater
A Prairie Home Companion Christmas at The Fitzgerald Theater
Illiterate Light with Palmyra at 7th St. Entry
Emo Nite with Derek Sanders (of Mayday Parade) at First Avenue
Yam Haus with brotherkenzie at Green Room
The Blenders - Holiday Soul Tour at Pantages Theatre
The Customers, Mean Magic, and Tim Casey & the Martyrs at Cloudland Theater
Merry Christmas from José James feat. Jahari Stampley at The Dakota
The Slow Death, Lutheran Heat, and The Right Here at Palmer's Bar
Pleezer, Piece of Cake, and Smile Like You Mean It! At Zhora Darling
Dan Carpel/Chris Graham/Miguel Hurtado at Berlin (free)
Concerts on Saturday, Dec. 14
An Evening with Wilco at the Palace Theatre
An Evening with Bush w/ Badflower at Uptown Theater
Martin Zellar w/ LAAMAR at the Turf Club
The Last Revel with Two Runner at First Avenue
Heart to Gold album release show with Gully Boys, Gramma, and Scrunchies at the Fine Line
An Evening with Yam Haus w/ Misty Boyce at Green Room
Murf, The Cult of Nasty, and Mullet at Zhora Darling
Poison Ivy and the People w/ Spit Takes and Tomboyy at Cloudland Theater
Tina Schlieske & Friends - A Holiday Get-Together at The Parkway Theater
The Dead South at Myth Live
Jearlyn Steel: The Pianist Knows Best for Christmas (two shows) at Berlin
A Prairie Home Companion Christmas at The Fitzgerald Theater
MPLS Afrobeats Dance Party feat. Fanaka Nation and guests Bakarii and DJs Kwey and Salif Keita at The Cedar Cultural Center
Early Evening Jazz: Jovon Williams & Marvelous at Berlin (free)
Concerts on Sunday, Dec. 15
An Evening with Wilco at the Palace Theatre
Brother Ali with Ant + Dee-1 and MaLLy at First Avenue
Los Lobos at The Dakota
Music of Taylor Swift and More for Kids at First Avenue
A Skylit Drive w/ Odds of an Afterthought at 7th St. Entry
SimpleGifts with Billy McLaughlin - Christmastide at The Parkway Theater
The Blenders - Holiday Soul Tour at Pantages Theater
The Midtown Men at Treasure Island
Curated by Ross Hutchens feat. Sard at Berlin
Church of Cornbread with Cornbread Harris at Palmer’s Bar (free)
Just announced concerts:
Jan. 4: ABBAsolutely Fab at The Parkway Theater
Jan. 24–25: 20th Annual Big Pink Tribute The Band’s “The Last Waltz” with Bob Margolin and Tom “Bones” Malone from the 1976 performance at The Fitzgerald Theater
Jan. 24: Big Auntie Energy at The Parkway Theater
Jan. 28: Dylan LeBlanc x David Ramirez at The Parkway Theater
Jan. 31: Mallrats: Mtv Unplugged at The Parkway Theater
Jan. 31: First Avenue's Best New Bands of 2024 feat. Bizhiki, Christy Costello, The Dalmatian Club, Kiernan, Mati, porch light, and room3 at First Avenue
Feb. 8: The Brothers Allmanac performing Live at Fillmore East in its entirety at First Avenue
Feb. 13: Adam Conover: The Nihilism Pivot Tour at The Parkway Theater
March 8: Josh Meloy w/ Kenny Fielder at First Avenue
March 30: Kraftwerk at Orpheum Theatre
April 4: La Lom at Fine Line
April 13: Shordie Shordie at Fine Line
April 26: An Evening with Keller Williams at Amsterdam Bar & Hall
May 10: Sharon Van Etten & the Attachment Theory w/ Love Spells at Palace Theatre
May 15: Cheekface at Fine Line
May 28: Staind and Breaking Benjamin at Target Center
June 24: The Cat Empire at Fine Line
Aug. 24: Indigo Girls and Melissa Etheridge at the Minnesota State Fair
Related: Staind and Breaking Benjamin will bring tour to Target Center