Now 
46
 Sun 
60
 Mon 
67
by Abby Luschei
TOPICS:
It was the sweetest kind of gumball machine — this one just didn't dispense candy.
As little clear and colorful balls made their way down the spiral dispenser, fans of Sabrina Carpenter eagerly awaited to see what they won. Merch? Nothing? Or, perhaps, tickets to the superstar's sold-out show in Seattle?
For some lucky fans, that is exactly what happened!
This was just one fun aspect of Sabrina's Sweet Spot pop-up truck, which made its way to Seattle Center on Sunday. This pop-up experience is a partnership between Carpenter's "Short N' Sweet" tour and T-Mobile.
T-Mobile is partnering with this tour because it is "all about giving its customers the best experiences beyond just their phone plans. With Magenta Status, they're more than just connected — they get VIP access to the artists and events they love, like this one-of-a-kind Sabrina Carpenter pop-up."
Seattle is one of just seven cities that was treated to Sabrina's Sweet Spot pop-up, which is exclusively for T-Mobile customers with Magenta Status. This experience took place just days before the singer performs at Climate Pledge Arena on Wednesday, Nov. 6.
Seattle Refined got to be at the pop-up on Sunday, and it was definitely sweet.
Songs from Carptenter's sixth studio album, "Short n' Sweet," filled the area while fans lined up to receive a baggy of Sabrina-themed treats, like chocolate hearts, and then they got to choose between merch like a custom Seattle tour poster or a phone charm. There were some cute photo opportunities, as well.
Of course, there was the aforementioned gumball machine, where fans could win free tickets to the show.
We posted a recap of the event on Seattle Refined's TikTok, and one fan commented that they were among the lucky ones who won tickets.
Getting access to reserved concert tickets (even for sold-out shows) is just one of the amazing perks. Other benefits include deals on hotels and rental cars, free subscriptions to streaming services, travel perks like in-flight WiFi and so much more.
Learn about Magenta Status here!
This has certainly been the year of Sabrina Carpenter. She has taken over music charts, social media, and now, arenas all over the United States. Her tour actually sold out in about a week — 2024 is her year.
I was one of the lucky people who got to see Carpenter come out on night two of Taylor Swift's "The Eras Tour" in New Orleans. I was encapsulated by her, and if I wasn't already excited enough to get to see her in Seattle, that moment definitely put me over the top.
She may be short, and she may be sweet, but she is certainly making a massive impact.
Abby Luschei is Seattle Refined's assistant editor and digital producer. She can be reached at aluschei@seattlerefined.com. Follow her on Twitter, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.
Thanks to T-Mobile for inviting Seattle Refined to Sabrina's Sweet Spot pop-up truck event and goodies. While the products in this story were provided without charge, the opinions within are those of the author and the Seattle Refined editorial board.
 © 2025 Sinclair, Inc.