Mark Your Calendar: 6 Music Festivals Set to Rock 2024

							By Nitanti Alur

02 May

							By Popdust

02 May

							By Nitanti Alur

01 May

							By Popdust

30 Apr

                    COLUMNS                
25 Feb, 24
M3F Fest 
M3F
Look, concerts are great. I would love to see my entire Spotify Wrapped lineup live. And I’ve spent thousands of dollars on Harry Styles‘ events alone — judge me if you want, I don’t plan on stopping. But my wallet isn’t as enthusiastic.
That’s where the beloved music festival comes in. It’s the best opportunity to see a bunch of artists in the span of a few days. You either love them or you’re not built for them…and I fall somewhere in between.
A music festival is the equivalent of an appetizer sampler; you get to see some artists you normally wouldn’t spend money on, and you also get some of your classic favorite artists all on the same lineup. For example, I went to Firefly Music Festival to see Billie Eilish…and left loving The Killers. 
Now that the weather is getting warmer and we are increasingly more open to the idea of leaving our homes, festival season is quickly approaching. Coachella, one of the world’s most famous (and potentially overrated) festivals, occurs every year in April and kicks off a slew of fun music festivals to attend. 
The only issue is: how do you choose the best music festival for you? With over 50 festivals listed already this Spring and Summer 2024, it can be hard to choose. I like to check out the lineups and see which festivals have the most new artists for me to discover. Then, I take a look at where they’re happening and make my decision from there.
I’ve rounded up a few festivals happening in the US in 2024 that are both newsworthy and will get you to see the most relevant artists in the industry. Enjoy the food, the shopping, the arts, and the acts!
Where? Phoenix, Arizona
When? March 1-2, 2024
Who? Dominic Fike, Duke Dumont, Hippo Campus, Gorgon City, SG Lewis, Dayglow, DRAMA, and more. 
What? A music festival thrown by non-profit, The M3F Fund, where 100% of proceeds go to charities like Habitat for Humanity, Phoenix Rescue Mission, Arizona Helping Hands, and more. It’s a great way to give back while having fun with your friends and family, and their lineup is always good.
Where? Indio, California
When? April 12-14 + 19-21, 2024
Who? Lana Del Rey, Tyler, The Creator, Doja Cat, Lil Uzi Vert, John Summit, Dom Dolla, Jon Batiste, Bleachers, No Doubt, J Balvin, and more. 
What? The festival where spotting an influencer or two will be the highlight of your trip. You probably won’t make out with Timothee Chalamet, but you definitely will eat some overpriced food. However, you have to go to Coachella once in your life. This year marks the reunion of No Doubt — and perfect timing, since TikTok has revived their music for Gen Z. 
Where? Atlanta, Georgia 
When? May 3-5, 2024
Who? Noah Kahan, Weezer, Queens of the Stone Age, Foo Fighters, Arcade Fire, Young the Giant, Girl in Red, and more. 
What? A great mix of indie and rock acts spread throughout the weekend. I would travel far and wide to see Noah Kahan ahead of his summer arena tour, and this is a great excuse to do so.
Where? Gulf Shore, Alabama
When? May 17-19, 2024
Who? Zach Bryan, Lana Del Rey, Odesza, The Chainsmokers, Cage The Elephant, Renee Rapp, Dominic Fike, Dom Dolla, and more. 
What? One of the most diverse music festivals in terms of genre…Hangout Music Festival has everything- from popular EDM acts to country to pop. It’s also one of the few tour dates Lana Del Rey has right now, so go see her while you can.
Where? Randall’s Island, New York City
When? June 9-11, 2024
Who? Post Malone, The Killers, 21 Savage, Sabrina Carpenter, SZA, Peso Pluma, Sexxy Red, Renee Rapp, Labrinth, Goth Babe, and more. 
What? Located in Flushing Meadows Corona Park, Gov Ball is an iconic festival to start the summer. This year’s lineup is worth your time with festival favorites like The Killers and Post Malone, and exciting additions like Goth Babe and Sabrina Carpenter. 
Where? Manchester, Tennessee
When? June 13-16, 2024
Who? FISHER, Post Malone, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Fred Again…, Maggie Rogers, Cage The Elephant, Cigarettes After Sex, Diplo, Two Friends, Carly Rae Jepsen, Lizzy McAlpine, and more. 
What? Bonnaroo hosts some of the hottest musical acts in the industry year after year. This year’s lineup includes Megan Thee Stallion, Renee Rapp, T-Pain, Sean Paul, and more. I couldn’t think of anything better. 
Share via

                Fashion            

                Popular            

                Music            

                Style            

                News            

                Trending Topics            

                Opinion            

                Popular            

                Music            

                Trending            

                Music            

                Popular            

                Popular            

                Popdust Heart            
© 2025 Popdust Inc. All Rights Reserved.