Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The singer was one of the performers at the event. 

	Tyla lit up the stage at the Billboard Music Awards on Thursday. The performer did two of her songs including “Push 2 Start” and “Shake Ah.” For the sets, the rising star wore a white top and animal print skirt.

	Tyla’s top was from Vivienne Westwood. It is the label’s cut-off heart-cropped shirt, which features a high, buttoned collar as well as a cutout that gives the piece a sweetheart neckline of sorts — peekaboo tops that put bras front and center have been trending this year, with Brooks Nader recently using it as a styling trick. 





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	The star, who has been working with stylist Ronnie Hart most recently, paired the top with a micro miniskirt from Dolce & Gabbana. The skirt featured a low waist and an oversize crystal buckle detail. She finished it off with ripped tights and large hoop earrings.

	










			You May Also Like		






	Though this look was contemporary, Tyla has worn quite a bit of vintage this year. This included the archival Roberto Cavalli tiger print dress she wore to MTV’s European Music Awards in November. Hart styled that look. There was also the 2000s-era John Galliano sequined jersey dress she wore to the BET Hip Hop Awards. That off-the-shoulder look was completed with a necklace, earrings and bracelet from the Tiffany & Co HardWear line.

	In May, Tyla had a standout moment at the Met Gala in a Balmain dress made of sand. That look was styled by Katie Qian, who returned to work with the musician on a look for her appearance in Sabrina Carpenter’s “A Nonsense Christmas” special on Netflix. There was also Lee Trigg, who put the “Water” starlet in a custom Versace dress for the Grammys, as well as her multiple looks for the night of the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show. Trigg also dressed Tyla for the 2024 VMAs. 

	The 2024 Billboard Music Awards ceremony was hosted by actress and comedian Michelle Buteau. The event featured a diverse range of performances from artists such as Megan Moroney, Jelly Roll, Shaboozey, Coldplay, Linkin Park, Fuerza Regida, Stray Kids and Seventeen. Taylor Swift was the standout winner of the night, taking home 10 awards and breaking her own record to become the most decorated artist in Billboard Music Awards history with a total of 49 career accolades.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.