Getty Images
Marcello Hernandez is everyone’s newest favorite Saturday Night Live cast member — and it’s all thanks to Domingo. So, who is the actor behind the viral sketch — and more importantly, is he single?
The 27-year-old comedian seems to be flying solo, at least based on what he’s posted on social media. However, he’s sparked a few dating rumors with some familiar faces ever since his rise to fame.
In September 2024, Marcello was spotted having a good time with Kaia Gerber at a New York City party, which led to dating rumors between the two. In the candid photos, they’re seen laughing and dancing closely, looking like they’re enjoying each other’s company.
While neither Marcello nor Kaia publicly addressed the rumors, it’s no secret that Kaia is currently in a relationship with actor Austin Butler.
The internet also lost their collective minds after he was seen getting cozy to another superstar whose also already in a relationship with a well-known actor: Sabrina Carpenter. Marcello was “arrested” (dressed as Domingo) at one of her Los Angeles shows while on her Short n’ Sweet tour, and the photos of the afterwards had everyone buzzing. However, she’s currently dating Barry Keoghan.
Marcello joined the iconic Saturday Night Live before the 48th season kicked off in 2022, making history as the first Gen Z cast member.
“I want to be the Hispanic Jerry Seinfeld,” he shared with Slate in 2023. “Seinfeld says that the amount of years you’ve been doing comedy is your age in comedy,” he explained. “I didn’t expect to make it big until I’d been doing stand-up for a good 15 to 18 years, when I reached comedy adulthood.” Marcello added, “If you think long term like that, like you’re just gonna do this forever and get as good as you possibly can at it. Nothing can stop you.”
Originally from Miami, Florida, Marcello was raised by a Cuban mother and a Dominican father. He attended Belen Jesuit Preparatory School and graduated from John Carroll University in 2019 with a degree in Entrepreneurship and Communication.
Before joining SNL, Marcello was already making waves in comedy with his stand-up and social media content, including his popular TikTok series Only in Dade, inspired by his hometown. In 2019, he moved to New York City to pursue stand-up full-time and was selected as one of Just for Laughs’ New Faces of Comedy in 2022, right before landing his role on SNL.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved