Coldplay has announced their only set of UK and Europe shows in 2025 as part of the Music of the Spheres World Tour and fans are racing to get their hands on the coveted tickets.
It is no secret that 2024 has been a truly brutal year when it comes to purchasing concert tickets. 
Whether you have been in the cutthroat battle for Eras Tour tickets, drained your bank account for the chance to see Sabrina Carpenter and Billie Eilish, or corraled the whole family to secure gold-dust Oasis reunion seats – there has been no end to the trials and tribulations faced by music fans. 
Especially when it comes to finding affordable tickets in a world of dynamic pricing, reselling and huge demand.
But as chart-topping band Coldplay set their sights on performing across Hull and London in August 2025, they are providing a handful of fans with the chance of cheap tickets. 
So here’s everything you need to know about purchasing Coldplay tickets ahead of their new album, Moon Music, on October 4.
There are two shows in Hull, Craven Park Stadium on August 18 and 19.
The Yellow hitmakers will then arrive in London’s Wembley Stadium for a whopping 10 dates across – August 22, 23, 26, 27, 30 31, and September 3, 4, 7, 8. 
They have also teased a ‘mystery guest’.
The Fix You artists are also taking a climate-conscious approach to the concerts. confirming on their website that ‘in a world first for a stadium show, the band have also pledged to power the Wembley concerts’ production with 100% solar, wind and kinetic energy.’
The UKs most beloved band have announced more dates for their 2025 shows - find out where the extra dates are, and where you can get tickets.
Where can you buy tickets?
What’s more, 10% of the proceeds from this set of shows will go towards the grassroots charity Music Venue Trust to support music venues and up-and-coming artists.
‘Coldplay are the perfect example of a UK band who came through the grassroots circuit on their way to worldwide, stadium-filling success,’ Music Venue Trust CEO Mark Davyd said in a statement.
‘It’s fantastic to see them celebrating their own pathway to Wembley by giving back to the grassroots music venues that supported them and recognising the artists and promoters that are struggling more than ever to build their own careers.’
Fans in London will have two extra chances to see the rock icons on stage. 
Due to ‘phenomenal demand’ in the pre-sale, Coldplay have since announced two extra Wembley shows on September 7 and 8. 
The presale for these extra shows will begin at 2.30pm BST today, to those with presale access. 
According to prices listed on the official AXS website, general admission standing tickets are priced at £100.
Seats are priced from £50 – £175 per ticket. 
Coldplay has also confirmed a limited run of ‘Infinity’ tickets which will sell for £20 via Ticketmaster at 12pm GMT on Friday, November 22.
‘A limited number of Infinity Tickets are released for every Coldplay show to give fans the chance to attend the Music Of The Spheres World Tour at a super low price.
‘They cost the equivalent of £20 / $20 / €20 per ticket and must be brought in pairs.
‘Infinity Tickets are randomly allocated anywhere in the venue – from the back row to the floor to the best seat in the house,’ it reads on the website about how the tickets work.
The move was praised on social media with @hayleywhispers writing: ‘Coldplay doing a limited run of £20 tickets for their upcoming UK shows just proves that bands have a choice to make their gigs more affordable.’
‘Fair play to Coldplay they’ve shown Oasis up completely in how they’re handling tickets/proceeds from gigs next yr. Giving % to grass roots venues & guaranteeing tickets to locals is great,’ @sundogmonkey added.
Fans who pre-ordered Coldplay’s upcoming album, Moon Music, were eligible for the pre-sale taking place on today at 9am BST.
Those who already pre-ordered were automatically eligible. Otherwise, eager fans had until 11.59pm BST on Tuesday, September 24 to pre-order to join the early sale.
Coldplay has also confirmed that 50% of the tickets for the Hull shows will go to local fans (postcode eligibility detailed on the website) and go on sale on Ticketmaster on Thursday, September 26 at 6pm BST.
Finally, the general sale will take place on Friday, September 27 at 9am BST.
Coldplay fans are in for a treat as they’re able to snap up Enhanced Experience tickets for the shows – but what are they exactly? 
There are different tiers of Enhanced Experience but they generally offer perks such as early entry, access to VIP lounges with refreshments, behind-the-scenes tours and limited edition items. 
For the right price, you can even grab an on-stage photo opportunity just for that extra dose of magic. 
This article was originally published on September 18. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: The Last Dinner Party scrap tour dates after gig chaos with male fans being ‘interrogated’
Arrow
MORE: Janet Jackson, pop’s biggest injustice, finally receives her flowers in London
Arrow
MORE: Coldplay beat Queen to win huge music accolade of the century