Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Charlize Theron wore a relaxed take on the skirt suit while attending Netflix's event. 

Charlize Theron was one of the many celebrities last night to take in Netflix’s Jake Paul vs. Mike Tyson, and she dressed for the occasion. 

	The actress arrived at the event in a relaxed take on suiting, opting for an oversize white blazer with a contrasting black mini skirt and V-neck top. Theron styled the jacket with rolled up sleeves and accessorized with layered bangles and a pair of strappy sandals.

	“Fight night Netflix style,” Theron wrote on Instagram, where she posted a carousel of photos from the night, including ones of her with Shaquille O’Neal and women’s lightweight championship contenders Amanda Serrano and Katie Taylor, who was declared the winner in a 95-94 decision. As for Paul vs. Tyson, which drew so many viewers it caused Netflix to crash, Paul emerged as the winner by unanimous decision with judges scoring the fight 80-72, 79-73 and 79-73.  

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Earlier this week Theron attended the 2024 Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles, while wearing a denim corseted Schiaparelli gown, and was honored with the Giving Tree Award, as a public figure “who has demonstrated exceptional commitment to improving the lives of children in need.” Theron was recognized for her work with her charitable organization, the Charlize Theron Africa Outreach Project, that provides access to healthcare, education, and safety for youth in Southern Africa. 




			You May Also Like		






	This past July, Theron’s nonprofit held its annual block party in Los Angeles, and Theron also opted to wear a blazer with rolled up sleeves to the event. The actress wore Dior — for which she currently serves as a jewelry and skin care ambassador — pairing an open blazer with a bralette, beaded mini skirt, a pair of the label’s J’Adior slingbacks.

	Relaxed suiting has been trending on the red carpet this year. In September, Kate Winslet also wore an oversize white blazer, rolling up the sleeves and pairing it with a black top, relaxed trousers, and pointed toe shoes. In June, Sabrina Carpenter wore a white double-breasted blazer as a minidress to Louis Vuitton’s spring 2025 show, styling it with a white button-up and a graphic black tie. Meanwhile, last month Oprah Winfrey and Jessica Alba both wore relaxed suits to the Los Angeles premiere of “Exhibiting Forgiveness” in Los Angeles at the Gagosian. The looks came on the heels of relaxed suiting emerging as a breakout trend last fall.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.