By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:27, 12 February 2024   |  Updated:  18:05, 14 February 2024   
 445
View  comments
Taylor Swift was surrounded by her celebrity pals as she cheered boyfriend Travis Kelce to victory at Sunday's Super Bowl LVIII. 
The Bad Blood singer, 34, rushed 5,500 miles across the globe from Tokyo, Japan, where she had been performing her Eras tour, to the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas where the Kansas City Chiefs were taking on the San Francisco 49ers.
As she entered the stadium she walked in surrounded by her inner circle, including Blake Lively, 36, with whom she's been friends for many years, Ice Spice, 24, and longtime pal Ashley Avignone. 
Once inside the suite, which is said to have cost more than $1 million and was paid for by Travis, she was joined by her parents as well as Travis' family as they settled in to watch the thrilling game. 
The Kansas City Chiefs ultimately beat out the slight favorite San Francisco 49ers, 25-22, as Patrick Mahomes threw a three-yard game-winning touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime. 
Taylor Swift was surrounded by her celebrity pals as she cheered boyfriend Travis Kelce to victory at Sunday's Super Bowl LVIII - but not all of her famous friends made the cut
The group put on an animated display as they cheered on the Kansas City Chiefs at the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas
Taylor was embraced by Gossip Girl star Blake as they watched all the action unfold on the field 
In recent months Taylor has been getting more headlines than the games themselves as she has flown across the country supporting her man at his matches. 
With every game she attends, fans' eyes have been firmly glued on her reactions from her suite and of those who have been celebrating around her. 
For the biggest night in American football, a host of celebrities descended upon the Vegas arena, including the likes of Lady Gaga, Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber, and Ariana Grande.
Yet not everyone made it into Taylor's suite, with Beyonce - who is part of Taylor's squad - opting to watch the game in a separate box alongside husband Jay-Z and their daughter Blue Ivy. 
Lana Del Rey also baffled fans as she began watching the game outside the suite, with the pair seen chatting to one another from across the railings. 
Some fans came to the conclusion that Lana wasn't allowed in the suite because she is a hardcore 49ers fan and it appeared there may have been some truth to the theory as when Lana was later seen inside the suite she had ditched her red leather 49er's jacket.
Another notable absence was Ryan Reynolds, who did not attend the game despite his wife Blake doing so. The pair previously joined the star in the VIP suite at a Met Life stadium game in October. 
While Ryan didn't appear in person at the Super Bowl, his fans were treated to a trailer for his upcoming Deadpool 3 film.
Watching the game from the relative sanctuary of his family home, Ryan, 47, made light of her absence while drawing attention to his forthcoming film. 
Sharing a photo of himself standing alongside his enormous living room TV while the trailer was airing, he wrote: 'Has everyone seen the 'Deadpool trailer? Also has anyone seen my wife?' 
During the group's last joint outing to a football game they were seen alongside Sabrina Carpenter, Hugh Jackman and Sophie Turner - none of whom were present at Sunday's Super Bowl.
While American Football bosses had reportedly invited Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to the Super Bowl, the pair were also a no show, despite the duke's recent appearance at an NFL awards event.
One NFL insider told The Mirror: 'It is well known the Prince loves American football, and bosses have extended an invitation to him following his appearance at the awards.'
However, Page Six reported that the pair would not attend the game because they are busy preparing for their trip to Canada for an Invictus Games opening event this week.
Even if they had attended, it seems unlikely they would have made it into Taylor's suite, following reports the singer turned down an invitation to appear on Meghan's podcast despite receiving a 'personal letter' from Duchess.
The pop star was asked by Meghan herself to appear on Archetypes, but she declined through her representative, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Yet not everyone made it into Taylor's suite, with Beyonce - who is part of Taylor's squad - opting to watch the game in a separate box alongside husband Jay-Z and their daughter Blue Ivy
Lana Del Rey also baffled fans as she began watching the game outside the suite, with the pair seen chatting to one another from across the railings 
Some fans came to the conclusion that Lana wasn't allowed in the suite because she is a hardcore 49ers fan and it appeared there may have been some truth to the theory as when Lana was later seen inside the suite she had ditched her 49er's jacket
Another notable absence was Ryan Reynolds, who did not attend the game despite his wife Blake doing so but poked fun at his absence as he addressed the trailer for his upcoming movie being shown during the game 
Ryan and Blake had joined Taylor back in October along with Hugh Jackman at one of Travis' games but the men did not appear for the Super Bowl game 
Sophie Turner also joined Taylor for the game between the New York Jets and the Kansas City Chiefs but not the Super Bowl 
American Football bosses reportedly invited Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to the Super Bowl but the pair were also a no show. It's unlikely they would have made it into Taylor's suite, following reports the singer turned down an invitation to appear on Meghan's podcast despite receiving a 'personal letter' from Duchess (pictured in September) 
Taylor looked pleased with the guests she did have in attendance, however, as she was snapped hugging her pals and celebrating her boyfriend's big win.  
The singer looked stylish as ever for the outing as she donned a black Dion Lee corset top, retailing for $720, and $1200 black jeans by AREA with crystal details.
She carried a sold-out red jacket on her shoulder by Erin Andrew's brand WEAR, retailing for $129. It featured the number 60 on the back, in reference to the year the Kansas Chiefs were established.
The songstress styled her blond hair in a ponytail, with her bangs framing her face and opted for red lipstick, and accessorized with an '87' necklace - the number of his jersey.
She spared no expense with the gems, with the Stephanie Gottlieb necklace priced at a whopping $4,250. She also wore a ruby ring on her middle finger by the brand Retrouvai, retailing for $3,210. 
Taylor finished off her look with a custom Judith Leiber bag in the shape of a football. 
Gossip Girl star Blake also wore Chiefs' red, sporting a vibrant Adidas tracksuit and styled her hair in very glamorous bouncy curls and matched her tracksuit with red heels.
She added a touch of glamour with gold jewelry, which included a stunning Tiffany jewellery worth nearly half a million dollars. 
The mother-of-four was decked out with a graduated link necklace worth $18,500, along with a glittering diamond pavé necklace costing $78,000 and a yellow gold graduated link necklace worth $62,000, according to Page Six.
She doubled up on earrings, opting for the Tiffany solitaire diamond earrings — worth a relatively modest $1,650 — with gold Else Peretti snake earrings than ran for $4,000.
Adding to the glitz she wore a $12,500 link bracelet and doubled up with a $26,000 version of the same but with diamonds added, and she went all out gold items with several Elsa Peretti designs, including a $12,300 swirl cuff, a $29,000 doughnut bangle and a gold lock bangle dusted with diamonds that costs a whopping $40,000, as well as a somewhat cheaper white gold version for $16,000. 
Taylor looked in good spirits as she caught up with her pals at the game  
The trio laughed it up while enjoying the game, with Swift looking stylish in a black outfit 
Taylor's boyfriend Travis Kelce and his Kansas City Chiefs emerged triumphant with a 25–22 win over the San Francisco 49ers in overtime. The hitmaker celebrated his repeat Super Bowl win with a passionate kiss on the field
Taylor Swift is here with Ice Spice and Blake Lively! #SBLVIII pic.twitter.com/0x4XIDRupW
Taylor and Blake shared a warm hug
The Bad Blood singer rushed 5,500 miles across the globe from Tokyo, Japan, to witness boyfriend Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs take on the San Francisco 49ers 
As she entered the stadium she walked surrounded by her inner circle, including the Gossip Girl star with whom she's been friends for many years, and the Munch rapper
The hitmaker wore a black Dion Lee corset top, retailing for $720, and $1200 black jeans by AREA with crystal details
The songstress styled her blond hair in a ponytail, with her bangs framing her face
She was pictured chatting it up with Ice Spice
Taylor pointed to something as they laughed
Ice Spice wore an all black look, including a cozy turtleneck. She accessorized with a large silver cross necklace
Blake also wore Chiefs' red, sporting a vibrant Adidas tracksuit
She styled her hair in very glamorous bouncy curls and matched her tracksuit with red heels
She sparkled up her look with gold jewelry, including hoop earrings and a chunky chain necklace
Taylor was seen sipping on a drink 
Music producer RIOTUSA was also present in the suite 
Taylor was Travis' number one fan as she enthusiastically cheered him on, with his brother Jason Kelce behind her 
She was seen cheering Travis 
Taylor looked increasingly anxious as the nail-biter game entered overtime with the teams tied 19–19
Blake gripped her tightly after the 49ers scored a field goal for three more points
But after Patrick Mahomes' touchdown pass at the last moment, the Chiefs won 25–22. Taylor was able to make her way through the crowds to her love Travis
She wrapped her arms around the tight end and went in for a passionate kiss as the crowd roared
In addition to those precious metals and stones, Blake wore a Tiffany T square bangle worth $7,800 and a $7,500 Tiffany T T1 wide-hinged bangle, along with two different version of the same style with diamonds added, one of which cost $27,000, while an even more opulent version rang up at $39,000.
She wasn't done yet, and Blake rounded out her bracelets with a $42,000 diamond-encrusted lock bangle, a $17,000 white gold half pavé bracelet, a contrasting Else Peretti doughnut bangle in sterling silver that cost a mere $1,825 and a white gold knot bangle decorated with diamonds for an eye-popping $54,000. 
Rapper Ice Spice wore an all black look, including a cozy turtleneck. She accessorized with a large silver cross necklace. 
Meanwhile, Ashley sported a sleeveless black top, a layer of shimmering necklaces, and a blunt blonde bob. 
Music producer RIOTUSA and Quavo from hip hop group Migos was also present in Taylor's suite.
Lana Del Rey, 38, who's also close friends with Taylor and recently sat with her at the Grammys was in attendance at the sporting event as well. 
The singer didn't start off her night in the VIP suite with the singer, but they shared a tender moment together as Lana reached out her arms and chatted with Taylor. 
Taylor was Travis' number one fan as she enthusiastically cheered him on, with his brother Jason Kelce behind her.  
The singer, who has attended a number of Kansas City games since she started dating Kelce last summer, wrapped up her final Eras Tour concert in Tokyo on Friday night and flew to LA - where she arrived on Saturday afternoon. 
The Super Bowl marks the 13th game Taylor has attended, after she was first spotted attending a Chiefs game on September 24th.
The foursome were pictured arriving at the stadium earlier in the day 
Swift carried her jacket over her shoulder
Blake stood out in her all-red look
Ice Spice opted for chunky boots instead of heels 
Swift and Kelce were first linked when she was spotted at the Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears match in September 2023. However, the songstress revealed to Time late last year that the two had actually first begun seeing each other a few months earlier 
The Kansas City Chiefs ultimately beat out the slight favorite San Francisco 49ers, 25-22, as Patrick Mahomes threw a three-yard game-winning touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime 
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Victoria celebrates David Beckham's 50th in heart-warming post
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
David Beckham shares his excitement ahead of 50th birthday
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
The athlete enjoyed his third Super Bowl triumph in five years this evening, as the Kansas City Chiefs became the first team to retain the Super Bowl for almost 20 years. 
Taylor and Travis were first linked when she was spotted at the Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears match in September 2023. However, the songstress revealed to Time late last year that the two had actually first begun seeing each other a few months earlier.
'So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I'm grateful for, because we got to get to know each other,' she explained to the outlet.
'I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.'
They literally all behaved like a group of teenage...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group