HOLLYWOOD actor Barry Keoghan was spotted in a Scottish restaurant previously branded a "phenomenon".


  The Saltburn star, who hails from Dublin, dined at Eusebi Deli in the West End in Glasghow recently. 


  Both he and the Eusebi staff shared an image of him sitting in the famed deli.


(Image: Instagram)


  Keoghan's other accolades include The Banshees of Inisherin which co-starred Brendan Gleeson and Colin Farrell, and he recently appeared in the music video for his girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter's song Please, Please, Please.


  In the image of him in the Glasgow deli, Keoghan is wearing a Hazel Project t-shirt, which is a fostering charity he supports.


  The star passed through 13 foster homes growing up after his mother became involved with drugs in the disadvantaged Summerhill area of Dublin.


  "The hardest part for me was having to move on to a different family because as a youngster you're just trying to grab onto security," he previously told the BBC.


  Eusebi Deli has developed a reputation in Glasgow as a city institution, and it is planning to open a new premises with a £450,000 investment.


  Stephen McGowan, the licensing lawyer representing the firm, said Eusebi Deli is “a Glasgow phenomenon”, which has won “more awards than I’ve had hot lasagnes”.


  We know there are thousands of National readers who want to debate, argue and go back and forth in the comments section of our stories. We’ve got the most informed readers in Scotland, asking each other the big questions about the future of our country.


  Unfortunately, though, these important debates are being spoiled by a vocal minority of trolls who aren’t really interested in the issues, try to derail the conversations, register under fake names, and post vile abuse.


  So that’s why we’ve decided to make the ability to comment only available to our paying subscribers. That way, all the trolls who post abuse on our website will have to pay if they want to join the debate – and risk a permanent ban from the account that they subscribe with.


  The conversation will go back to what it should be about – people who care passionately about the issues, but disagree constructively on what we should do about them. Let’s get that debate started!


Callum Baird, Editor of The National


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.