By 

	Sage Anderson


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

	The scariest thing about Halloween isn’t the horror movie marathons your friends force you to sit through (although we will be sat for the latest Terrifier iteration). It’s pulling up to the function looking like three hole-punch Jim from The Office or trying to get cute with it wearing a t-shirt that says something like “Due To Inflation, This Is My Halloween Costume”. Oh my god, yawn.

	So you’ve waited until the last second again this year — we’ve all been there. If you’re looking for the best last-minute Halloween costume like the 99% of us, it doesn’t have to look lazy or smug (we’re all adults). Finding low-effort yet eye-catching looks is our specialty, and we’re happy to virtually take a stroll down the internet’s costume aisle to bring you the freakiest, funniest accoutrement for your ensemble this year. Got a gnarly, borderline unhinged Halloween mask and a bed sheet? Boom, you’re Ghost Face’s cousin, Terror Face. Do you have jeans, a black turtleneck, and a gold chain? May we suggest The Rock in his model era?





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	One fool-proof method is picking from the best pop culture costumes, whether you step out in the matching “Gay Son” and “Thot Daughter” shirts from Charli XCX and Troye Sivan’s Sweat tour, or channel Rachael “Raygun” Gunn’s erm, interesting Breakdancing performance at the 2024 Paris Olympic Games. Go chronically online inside-joke chic, or wow others with your celeb impersonations, but either way, most of our picks on this list will deliver to your door fast enough for you to change before your next Halloween party (may we suggest investing in a Prime two-day shipping membership?). No matter how long you’ve procrastinated, these are our favorite fast-minute, lazy Halloween costumes.



	$100



		A topical sports Halloween costume you can wear again and again? Yes, please! From being named Naismith National Player of the Year for the second year in a row, to guest starting on Saturday Night Live, Caitlin Clark’s newly-minted WNBA player’s basketball jersey has been topping the sales charts all year. Grab one for yourself and pair it with basketball shorts and whatever semi-inflated basketball you’ve got lying around the house, and you’ll feel like the record-powerhouse you are (or at least feel like). 	



	$198



		If your mind’s already headed back to Montana before Yellowstone‘s final (maybe?) season on Nov. 10, the good news is that your favorite rancher’s attire has the benefit of being excellent for last-minute procrastinators. Take Rip Wheeler for example — his everyday look doesn’t change much (even on his wedding day), so you can invest in a sturdy coat (we like this one James Waxed Snap Jacket from Huckberry that you can wear even past Halloween), toss on some jeans, and call it a day. You’ll never catch him without his signature cowboy hat, either. 	



	$16.99



		Yes, chef! After the third season of the Hulu mega-hit, you’ll probably be shouting “behind!” squeezing past the number of Carmys running around this All Hallow’s Eve. That being said, all you really need to recreate his look is a dark blue apron, white T-shirt, black jeans, and the thousand-yard stare of a man who just got locked in a blast freezer. If you want to switch it up though, you could go as “cuzz” Richie in his “Original Berf of Chicagoland” shirt. After all, it’s a collector’s item! 	



	$35





	$44.99



		Hydration fiends and shiny item-collectors everywhere have not seemed to slow down this legendary tumbler’s popularity (although there are plenty of imitators). We’re sure you’ve already heard of the crowds waiting in long lines overnight and then rushing the store to sell out Target’s limited-edition Wicked x Stanley cup recently, with listings on eBay selling the original tumbler for upward of $200. Slip into this one-piece, legally-distinct “Tumbly” cup from Target (or its “Thirst Trap” sibling from Amazon) featuring a blue vinyl cup with an attached handle and pop-up straw. Be prepared to get chased around by your hoard of fans all night! 	



	$19.99



		We’re going to be real with you here — you don’t have to have actually seen Raygun’s iconic Breakdancing performance to get into the spirit of Raygun. Adorned in an approximation of the Team Australia uniform (a V-neck short-sleeved polo and green track pants), this fit will help showcase all your dance moves with passion and confidence. Again, confidence (however misplaced) is key here! 	



	$14.99





	$21+



		At this point, we’ve all seen the $330 Loewe “I Told Ya” t-shirt, worn by both Zendaya’s Tashi and Josh O’Connor’s Patrick throughout Challengers. But unless you’ve got two other buddies together with you to show up as the bedroom scene (IYKYK), another smart solo costume is to go as an audience member for the New Rochelle Challenger tennis tournament that pit Patrick and Mike Faist Art against each other one last time. Cheer on your favorite half of the polycule, and perhaps pretend to be a little befuddled by whatever happened during that last play.	



	$32.99



	$38.98



	15% off



		The pygmy hippo of our hearts…endlessly adorable, moist, and screaming. Moo Deng (which translates to “bouncing pig”) a baby hypo from the Thailand zoo became a viral sensation after videos of her sassy biting and incredibly smooth donut-glaze looks blew up this September. While admittedly, most official hippo costumes are kinda ugly (and occasionally involved inflatables), you can channel the “I’m Just Baby” energy of Moo Deng with this adult onesie. Slick back your hair and apply a layer of glossy Rhode lip tint to achieve that extra “wet” look. 	



	$29.99



		Unless you’re working late cause you’re a singer (understandable, have a great day) there’s no excuse to not make a simple Halloween costume relevant and cheeky. Yes, this is a basic coffee cup outfit — but it can become a Sabrina Carpenter-worthy espresso with a pink chiffon head wrap and a pair of heels. Now you’ve got the short n’ sweet spirit! 	



	$19.99



		Need a look fit for a retired assassin? Transform that black suit you haven’t used since wedding season sitting at the back of your closet into a John Wick costume. Complete with a crisp, white dress shirt and black tie, all you need is some fake blood to create that scuffed up look you only get after fighting through a room full of attackers with only a handgun and a single magazine. If you don’t have a dog to play the part of your beloved companion Daisy, this plush Pitbull will show off your softer, pup-loving side. 	



	$42.99



		The amount of recycled Eras tour outfits we saw during Pride Month was pretty incredible (don’t try and deny it, those white cowboy boots have been in heavy rotation all year). Halloween is the perfect time of year to raid your closet and either break out all those faux fur jackets and sequin dresses you never thought you’d wear again if you were one of the lucky ones to get concert tickets. If Ticketmaster was your mortal enemy this year, you can also easily recreate the Swiftie look and feel like you were right there with the crowd belting out “Anti-Hero”. 	



	$15.99



		Since its inception, the now-remixed Charli XCX album has had everyone and their mother sucked into its loud, lime green vortex of a summer. But brat isn’t just a Y2K-tinged aesthetic — it’s a state of mind. Your coworker is brat. Your dog is brat. We are brat. If you want to herald in the transition into Brat Girl Autumn, don this shirt and tape on some fake fall leaves. If you just want to embody brat, put on some wraparound shades and every other lime green and black piece of clothing you own (which may be more than usual, given the Sweat tour’s still going). 	



	$69.99



		As the saying goes, “It’s not always about the money, Spiderman…It’s about THE METS, baby LOVE the Mets, alright, let’s go!”. Yes, your eyes are not deceiving you — Grimace, the McDonald’s mascot, is now the New York Mets fans’ favorite postseason lucky charm, along with the the viral “OMG” sign and Pete Alonso’s playoff pumpkin. Ever since this plush purple dude threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets game against the Marlins on June 12, New York’s season turned on its head, and look at us now — taking on the 2024 NLCS Series. Who would’ve thought? Not me! Throw a Mets hat on this mascot costume and you’ll be the talk of the town. 	

	Shipping times are tricky and can vary depending on where you live, which product you purchase, and more. Our suggestion? For any Amazon products above, if you’re not already a member, sign up for Prime’s free 30-day trial ($14.99/month — plus tax — after trial) to receive Prime two-day shipping for the best last-minute ‘fits. And for any non-Amazon products, if you don’t mind paying a little extra, opt for expedited shipping at checkout to ensure you’re dressed up in time for the spookiest day of the year.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.