No, it’s not an April Fool’s Day joke – the long-running rumours have finally been confirmed, and we now know that four different films about the rise of The Beatles are officially on their way. The Beatles – A Four-Film Cinematic Event will be directed by Oscar winner Sam Mendes, and star four of the most in-demand young British and Irish actors working today: none other than Paul Mescal as Paul McCartney, Saltburn’s Barry Keoghan as Ringo Starr, Babygirl’s Harris Dickinson as John Lennon, and Gladiator II’s Joseph Quinn as George Harrison.
The auteur confirmed the news on 31 March at CinemaCon, showing up towards the end of the Sony Pictures presentation to reveal further details. The logline for all four projects reads: “Each man has his own story, but together they are legendary.” To that end, these will be four interconnected biopics, one from each band member’s point of view. The exact order in which the films will be released is not yet known, though all four will hit the big screen in April 2028, in what the director describes as the first “bingeable moment in cinema”. (Think of it as Barbenheimer times two.)
Paul Mescal photographed by Greg Williams for British Vogue’s 2023 Hollywood Portfolio.
Harris Dickinson photographed by Nik Hartley for British Vogue’s November 2019 issue.
Joseph Quinn photographed by Peter Joseph Smith for British Vogue’s September 2024 issue.
Barry Keoghan photographed by Venetia Scott for British Vogue’s October 2023 issue.
Calling The Beatles “the most significant band of all time”, one which “redefined the culture and stayed with you for a lifetime”, Mendes added that he had “been trying to do a film for years, but I finally gave up” because he felt the “story was too big for one film” and a TV series didn’t seem quite right. “There had to be a way to tell the epic story for a new generation,” he continued. “I can assure you there is still plenty left to explore and I think we found a way to do that.” We certainly can’t wait to see what he comes up with.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast