"Espresso" leads the way and is on track for a second consecutive week at No. 1.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	After scorching the U.K. singles chart last week, Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” (via Island) remains hot.

	The U.S. singer and actor is dazzling at both sides of the Atlantic right now; she strutted the red carpet at the 2024 Met Gala, and she’s the current leader on the Official U.K. Singles Chart.

	Based on midweek sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, “Espresso” leads the way and is on track for a second consecutive week at No. 1.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					David Guetta		
					






















	
		
					Hozier		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The closest rival at this point is Hozier’s former leader “Too Sweet” (Island) up 3-2. As it stands, Island would snag a 1-2.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Meanwhile, Shaboozey’s country-hip-hop number “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (American Dogwood/Empire) is on the rise. After becoming the U.S. artist’s first U.K. top 10 entry last week, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is predicted to slide on up to No. 5.

	










	The highest riser should belong to Kendrick Lamar with “Euphoria” (Interscope), Kdot’s controversial diss track which fires off at Drake. “Euphoria” blasts 41-9 on the chart blast, and could become the hip-hop star’s eighth U.K. top 10. 

	Also on the way north on the U.K. chart is Tommy Richman’s viral hit “Million Dollar Baby” (ISO Supremacy/Pulse) which last week cracked the top 40 (at No. 31) for the U.S. artist’s first top tier appearance in the U.K. “Million Dollar Baby” is set to hit No. 14 when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published late Friday, May 10. The Virginia singer-rapper is building a buzz on TikTok with “Million Dollar Baby,” particularly in the U.S. where the single blasts to No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100, for his first major crossover hit. 

	Finally, David Guetta and OneRepublic’s “I Don’t Wanna Wait” (Interscope/Parlophone) is on the climb, and is set for a new peak position of No. 16. The track samples from O-Zone’s 2000s pop hit “Dragostea Din Tei.” It’s Guetta’s 48th U.K. top 40 appearance, and OneRepublic’s 10th.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.