By EMILY JANE DAVIES 
 Updated:  08:05, 29 February 2024   
 225
View  comments
Churches across the UK are being abandoned or converted into unexpected venues as increasing numbers of Brits are turning away from religion.
Last November, a Brooklyn Catholic church was forced to re-bless its altar after pop star Sabrina Carpenter filmed a racy music video at the historic site.
Brooklyn Bishop Father Robert Brennan criticised Carpenter's video for her song 'Feather,' which was filmed at the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church. 
But using religious sites for music, drinking and clubbing is becoming more and more common in the UK. 
At the beginning of this month, Canterbury Cathedral came under fire for plans to host a 90's silent disco, but it insisted the event was not a 'rave in the nave'.
Many former churches and chapels are saved from dereliction and transformed into Air B&Bs and luxurious homes.
But some are converted into the types of venues which would face stern disapproval from the former owners, with the ancient halls filled with ear-splitting modern music and bright neon lights.
Last November, a Brooklyn Catholic church was forced to re-bless its altar after pop star Sabrina Carpenter filmed a racy music video at the historic site
The Halo Nightclub in Bournemouth, Dorset  used to be St Andrew's Church
The Grade-II listed building was opened as Halo in 2013, and underwent a £500,000 refurbishment in early 2020. It now features a motorised lighting rig and dancefloor
The Halo Nightclub in Bournemouth, Dorset was established at the site of the former St Andrew's Church.
The Grade-II listed building was opened as Halo in 2013, and underwent a £500,000 refurbishment in early 2020.
The former United Reformed Church, built between 1887 and 1888, now features a motorised lighting rig that descends from the ceiling towards the dancefloor.
It also has a Ciroc lounge, a UK first floating LED Matrix 20-triangle lighting grid and a L’Acoustic sound system.
The church building stands 140 ft tall and cost about £12,000 to build. When it was used for services, it could sit 700 people. 
Repton Park in Woodford Green, London, was opened in 1892 as Clayburn Asylum - a psychiatric hospital - but is now a spectacular 24m swimming pool.
Repton Park in Woodford Green, London is now a spectacular 24m swimming pool
Between 1998 and 2004, it was redeveloped and converted into Repton Park
Most of the original interior has remained intact, with gothic arches and stained-glass windows.
It is also home to an extensive health club with a sauna and gym.
In 1887, the county of Middlesex bought the Claybury Estate to build a hospital on the site.
Claybury Hospital included three water towers, a bakery, a boiler room, kitchens and a farm.
Then in 1990, it was added to the list of buildings of historic or architectural interest. 
Between 1998 and 2004, it was redeveloped and converted into what is now known as Repton Park.
The original red brick hospital buildings, boasting high ceilings, are now apartments and houses, while the old chapel was turned into an exclusive Virgin Active spa gym with a large pool.
The Chapel Nightclub in Salisbury was originally a 19th Century Pentecostal church
The former church now features an up to date speaker system, a light-up dance floor and a modern club-light set up as part of The Chapel Nightclub
The Chapel Nightclub in Salisbury was originally a 19th Century Pentecostal church which held its first service in 1897.
It was erected on the site of an older church which had stood there for 45 years and cost £1,700.
But after the church and Sunday school became derelict, it was renovated and turned into a club in 1997.
It now boasts four separate rooms - The Vestry, the Soul Room, the Chapel and the Courtyard. 
The rooms feature an up to date speaker system, a light-up dance floor and a modern club-light set up.
The Holy Trinity Church in Reading, Berkshire, is 173-years-old.
The Holy Trinity Church in Reading, Berkshire, is 173-years-old
A Grade II-listed building, it was converted into a modern home with luxurious trappings and put on the market for a staggering £2.2 million
Untouched fixtures of The Holy Trinity Church include stone walls and colourful stained-glass windows that depict religious imagery that have remained untouched
A Grade II-listed building, it was converted into a modern home with luxurious trappings and put on the market for a staggering £2.2 million.
The eight-bed property, found near Reading, Berkshire, has been kitted out with contemporary decor on the inside.
But many of the original features on the exterior remain intact – offering an impressive contrast to the trendy fittings inside.
Untouched fixtures of The Holy Trinity Church include stone walls and colourful stained-glass windows that depict religious imagery that have remained untouched.
When daylight hits the historic artwork, it changes colour before shining onto and reflecting off the large glass dining table.
The living room area, which typically would have been used to host a church choir, holds several original religious items including crucifixes, scriptures, as well as an altar.
It has been transformed with a modern fireplace and velvet sofas, with the flooring also updated.
The Grade II-listed chapel was converted into the Pitcher & Piano bar in 1998
Located in the heart of the Lace Market, the restored church retains stained glass windows
In Nottingham, a night out at the High Pavement Chapel will be a touch more tame. 
The Grade II-listed chapel was converted into the Pitcher & Piano bar in 1998.
Located in the heart of the Lace Market, the restored church retains stained glass windows and exposed brick archways.
In the South Yorkshire city of Sheffield, a passerby wouldn't look askance at sleepy site of St George's Church.
But the former parish church - which cost £15,181 to build - is now part of the University of Sheffield.
The Grade II-listed church, consecrated in 1825, was declared redundant and closed in 1981.
In Sheffield, a passerby wouldn't look askance at sleepy site of St George's Church
But the former parish church - which cost £15,181 to build - is now part of the University of Sheffield and functions as a lecture hall and student accommodation
Its striking interior is now home to  lecture home and student accommodation instead.
In one of the bedrooms, there is a free-standing bathtub, adding to the luxury vibe of the property.
Many of the bedrooms also have slanted roofs thanks to the church's original design.
The stunning property from 1850 has seven bathrooms in total. And the entire house has been updated to include modern trappings such as security cameras and energy-saving smart home kit.
St Laurence's Church in County Durham, built in 1871, was also converted into a seven-bedroom home, listed for £1.2m.
County Durham: St Laurence's Church dates to 1871 and was designed by Darlington architect J.P. Pritchett. Now it is a seven-bedroom home
The property is made of rock-faced sandstone with ashlar dressings under a Welsh slate roof
The stunning church in Darlington went on the market complete with an organ and stained-glass windows and the original stone spire.
The Grade II-listed church came with six bedrooms, three of which have en-suite bathrooms, as well as a games room and a beautiful open-plan living area.
The property is made of rock-faced sandstone with ashlar dressings under a Welsh slate roof. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group