Brian Fiore-Silfvast serves as officiant Saturday for the wedding of Saylor and Samantha Reichenstein, who were visiting Outside Lands from Portland, Ore.
More than two dozen couples married or renewed their vows in a small, intimate corner of this year’s Outside Lands — a first for the annual three-day music festival in Golden Gate Park.
Tucked away between the main stages, cocktail kiosks and food vendors, 25 couples said “I do” over the course of the three-day festival.
“When they said they were doing it, we thought it’d be cool,” said Gordon Oldham, who renewed his vows with his wife, Traci on Sunday. “It’s our 25th wedding anniversary.”
Gordon Oldham and his wife, Traci, renewed their wedding vows at Outside Lands on Sunday, Aug. 11, 2024, marking their 25th wedding anniversary.
While based in Sacramento, Oldham and his wife have worked at the festival for years. Traci is the assistant to the director of security, and Oldham is the festival’s medical director, as well as the director of Rock Medicine, a medical-assistance provider for large events in the Bay Area.
“We consider all these people our family,” Traci said, gesturing at their festival staff colleagues who’d sat on the rows of logs in front of the floral arch where the couple reaffirmed their commitments to each other in a brief but heartfelt ceremony.
“This is a huge honor, and I’m really happy to be up here right now,” officiant Brian Fiore-Silfvast said before the two exchanged vows. “Gordon and Traci, you guys rock.”
Outside Lands held weddings for the first time in its 16-year history at its “City Hall” pop-up this past weekend, the brainchild of one of the festival’s producers: Brynn Hardcastle said she married her husband at another festival last year, Rock Fest in Wisconsin.
“It was absolutely wonderful,” she said. “I wanted to give the Outside Lands community the opportunity to experience that.”
Logistics — including finding the right space in the festival grounds and securing Fiore-Silfvast as the officiant — took a bit of time. Registration opened in April for couples to purchase slots during the festival for $349, including fees. 
Along with the space and the officiant, the package came with drink vouchers, a festival photographer, a commemorative certificate, and the assistance of a concierge, Nicole Leigh, to help coordinate ceremonies and keep things running smoothly.
Nicolas Conroy and Emily Laskelle-Conroy celebrate after their wedding ceremony at Outside Lands in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco on Saturday, Aug. 10, 2024. This was the first year wedding ceremonies were held at Outside Lands. 
Couples had to register ahead of time in order to have their weddings there, preventing any love-at-first-sight duos who locked eyes during Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” from jumping the gun and getting hitched.
Hardcastle told The Examiner that within an hour of registration opening, five couples had already signed up, signaling that there was “clearly an appetite within the Outside Lands community,” which she said wasn’t surprising to her.
“The fans are so incredibly passionate,” she said. “This place means a lot to people.”
One such couple was Jason and Theresa Esse, who got married Saturday with as many as 50 of their friends and family joining for the ceremony and the rest of the festival, going so far as to make their own wedding wristbands modeled after the official Outside Lands versions.
Paul Aguilar says he can no longer afford lifesaving medication. Nancy Pelosi’s office and his advocacy peers say they fear he isn’t alone
San Francisco is hosting everything from lucha libre matches to day parties
Large, colorful statues of fantastical beings made by artists in Oaxaca, Mexico are on display until June 22
“We love this park, and we’ve been to so many events here,” Jason Esse said. “I can’t speak more highly of a place or community.”
Music played a big role in courtship of the Bay Area couple, who said they first met at a Too Short performance five years ago. They shared one of their first dates at that year’s Outside Lands.
The couple got separated, but somehow Theresa managed to find Jason in the crowd during Childish Gambino’s set, which she said felt like fate.
“That’s how I knew,” that he was the one for her, she said.
Not interested in a traditional wedding, Theresa said that the ceremony was “short and sweet” and that she was nearly in tears when it came time to read her vows. The crowd of people watching helped her get through them.
“With their love and support, I was able to finish,” she said. “I could not have asked for a more beautiful wedding and experience.”
Jason and Theresa Esse, who got married on Saturday, Aug. 10, 2024 at Outside Lands, created their own signs with their newly shared last name to commemorate their marriage.
Fiore-Silfvast, the officiant for the wedding ceremonies, said he loved being able to facilitate these special moments for each couple. Before the festival, he said he had only officiated weddings for close friends.
“It just felt so natural and logical that they would add something like a wedding opportunity,” he said. “It’s almost like a bubble of love for a weekend.”
Prior to his role as officiant, Fiore-Silfvast had worked at Superfly, one of the entertainment companies that puts on Outside Lands each year. When Hardcastle was looking for someone to participate in this new experience, she gave him a call.
“Outside Lands is really near and dear to my heart as a festival,” he said. “I’ve been to a lot of different types, and I think they put a lot of care and attention into nurturing a really positive and safe, inclusive and loving environment.”
Trevor and Rebecca August celebrate after their wedding recommitment ceremony at Outside Lands in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco on Saturday, Aug. 10, 2024.
The weddings also served to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the “Winter of Love” in San Francisco, when then-San Francisco mayor 2004 Gavin Newsom directed the county clerk to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. A portion of the proceeds from the weddings went toward Lambda Legal, an LGBTQ civil-rights fund.
Based on this year’s success, Hardcastle said she hopes Outside Lands continues offering weddings next summer and beyond.
“It was a wonderful inaugural year,” she said. “Everyone was so happy.”
ngurevich@sfexaminer.com
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Ben Pimentel’s new weekly newsletter covering the biggest technology stories in San Francisco, Silicon Valley and beyond. 
See what you missed during work. 
Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-edition email.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Sneak peek of the Examiner real estate section.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.