Zach Bryan performs in support of his "The Quittin Time Tour 2024" at Ford Field on June 20, 2024 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Scott Legato/Getty Images)Getty Images
Country music star Zach Bryan has brought celebrity guests — such as Bruce Springsteen and Jason Isbell — out for surprise performances with him before during his “Quittin Time” tour. But during his Saturday night show in Nashville, Tennessee, the “Pink Skies” singer surprised fans with the internet’s latest viral sensation.
Bryan invited the “Hawk Tuah” girl on stage for a performance of his song “Revival” during Bryan’s show at Nissan Stadium on June 29.
The girl, who’s been identified as Hailey Welch, apparently delivered her famous line, as captured in a TikTok posted by a Zach Bryan fan account. The video has gotten more than 6 million views as of Monday afternoon.
Welch originally went viral thanks to an on-the-street interview posted by creator duo Tim and Dee TV on June 11, Rolling Stone reported. In the video, Welch was asked about what “move in bed makes a man go crazy every time?”
Responding with a country twang, Welch said, “You gotta give ‘em that ‘hawk tuah’ and spit on that thang,” with “hawk tuah” meant to emulate the sound of spitting.
The clip has since been remixed, re-created and discussed so much online that Welch is now dubbed the “Hawk Tuah Girl” and even launched her own merchandise, which has already sold more than $65,000 worth of products, Rolling Stone also reported.
While Welch might have been the most notable act at Bryan’s Saturday show, she wasn’t even the biggest guest to grace the Nissan Stadium stage. Country music star Kacey Musgraves also made an appearance to perform her and Bryan’s chart-topping single “I Remember Everything.”
Zach Bryan will be at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough on Wednesday, July 17 for his “Quittin Time” tour. 
Fans can shop for tickets to that show or any shows on his tour by using reliable third-party ticket sellers like StubHub, VividSeats and SeatGeek.
Here is a look at Zach Bryan’s remaining tour schedule for 2024 with links to purchase tickets:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices