By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:23, 3 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:00, 4 February 2024   
 104
View  comments
There was plenty of star power at the 33rd annual MusicCares Person Of The Year Benefit Gala at the Convention Center in Los Angeles on Friday night.
This year's honoree to be recognized for his contributions to the music industry along with his extensive philanthropic work is none other than Jon Bon Jovi, 61.
MusiCares provides 'a safety net of critical health and welfare services to the music community in three key areas: Mental Health and Addiction Recovery Services, Health Services and Human Services,' according to the MusiCares website.
The mission statement for the non-profit includes 'helping humans behind music because music gives so much to the world.'
Musical couple Katharine McPhee and her husband David Foster were among those to lend their support to the event and the organization as a whole.
Katharine McPhee, 39, and husband David Foster, 74, lent their support to the MusiCares Person Of The Year Gala at the Convention Center in Los Angeles on Friday
The former Waitress star, 39, showed off her impeccable fashion sense in a black busty jeweled dress that was both elegant and sexy.
She carried a small black clutch purse and her silky light brown hair was styled in soft waves.
As for Foster, 74, he stepped out to the festive event in a classic black suit with a white dress shirt, matching black tie and dress shoes.
Rounding out his look, the 16-time Grammy-winning musician had his gray hair cut short, off his face and over his ears.
Among those to hit the stage and perform at the event included Bruce Springsteen, Melissa Etheridge, Shania Twain, Jason Isbell, Brandy Clark, Damiano David, Goo Goo Dolls, Jelly Roll, Marcus King, The War and Treaty and Lainey Wilson. 
Some of the other high-profile names to attend the ceremony hosted by comedian Jim Gaffigan were Paul McCartney, Kylie Minogue, Lenny Kravitz, Linda Perry, Nile Rodgers, Jelly Roll, Debbie Gibson, Bunnie XO, Kat Graham, Sabrina Carpenter, Dove Cameron, Shania Twain, Fletcher, Carly Pearce, Ghazi Shami, Michael Bearden, Orianthi, Fireboy and DML.
The celebs list also included the likes of Sammy Hagar, Kari Karte, Damiano David, Michael Cimino, Darryl McDaniels, Bebe Rexha, Tash Saltana, Marcus King, Briley Hussey, Tanya Trotter, Michael Trotter Jr.,Robert Kraft, Michael Rubin, Verdine White, Young Dro, Gayle King, Brandy Clark, Rita Wilson, Ted Danson, Mary Steenburgen and Nat Slater, among others.
The former Waitress star, 39, showed off her impeccable fashion sense in a black busty jeweled dress that was both elegant and sexy 
She showed off her stunning gown from all sides as she snuck in some solo shots on the red carpet 
McPhee has released six studio albums following her American Idol run that spans between 2007 and 2023
MusiCares is a charitable arm of the Recording Academy that offers programs to support the health and welfare of people in the music industry, including financial grants, support resources and crisis relief efforts, according to CBS News.
The Person Of The Year gala not only recognizes people truly making a difference in the world through their philanthropic efforts, but also serves as a major fundraising event for the organization. 
Along with being politically and socially active over the years on various issues and topics, the Living On A Prayer singer founded the Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation (formerly the Philadelphia Soul Charitable Foundation) in 2006 to help combat hunger, poverty and homeless by providing food, housing and job-training programs.
In October 2011, the organization opened the JBJ Soul Kitchen, a community restaurant in Red Bank, New Jersey, where customers pay what they can afford for their meals, either with money or by volunteering work.
As of 2023, three more locations were opened— one in Toms River, another at the Newark campus of Rutgers University, and a third one inside the Gilligan Student Union at New Jersey City University.
Bon Jovi (born John Francis Bongiovi Jr.) joins an illustrious list of past honorees that includes such stars as Joni Mitchell, Dolly Parton, Aerosmith, Tom Petty, Fleetwood Mac, Paul McCartney, Barbra Streisand, Smokey Robinson, Sting, Bono, Elton John, Stevie Wonder, Bonnie Raitt and David Crosby, among others.
The couple, who have 34 year age difference, often collaborate together - especially during the holiday season
McPhee last released the holiday-theme album Christmas Songs (with David Foster) in 2023
Foster, a 16-time Grammy-winning musician, started dating McPhee in 2017, 11 years after meeting on Idol, which led to their nuptial in 2019
The MusiCares Person Of The Year Gala was a who's-who list of celebrities lending their support to the rocker and the non-profit's mission statement
Bon Jovi, 61, was honored for his philanthropy and activism, which is exemplified by founding of the Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation (formerly the Philadelphia Soul Charitable Foundation) in 2006 to help combat hunger, poverty and homeless by providing food, housing and job-training programs
Bon Jovi and wife Dorothea Hurley, 61, got to share the festive evening alongside The Beatles legend Paul McCartney, 81
The couple met back in 2006, when Foster mentored McPhee on American Idol, for which she placed second to Taylor Hicks, but their friendship didn't turn romantic for more than a decade.
In fact, it would be 11 years until they decided to start dating in 2017.
Ultimately, they went on to tie-the-knot at the St. Yeghiche Armenian Apostolic Church in Kensington, London, England in June 2019.
The pair, who will be celebrating five years of marriage this summer, ended up welcoming the birth of their first child together, a son Rennie, who turns three in February. 
While Rennie is the first child for McPhee, this is child number six for Foster, but the first son for the music composer and producer. 
He is already a father to five adult daughters: Sara, 42, Erin, 41, and Jordan, 37, whom he shared with second wife Rebecca Dyer.
Foster also has daughters Allison, 53, and Amy, 50, from previous relationships.
The MusiCares Person Of The Year Gala comes two days ahead of the 66th annual Grammy Awards, which honor the best recordings, compositions, and artists from October 1, 2022, to September 15, 2023, to be held on Sunday, February 4, at the Crypto.com Arena in Downtown Los Angeles. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group