The days are getting chillier, and as Christmas and the New Year approaches many of us will be looking for a cosy pair of shoes to venture out in, as sadly fluffy slippers and house socks aren't the best look on the school run, commute, or doing the weekly shop. Which is where supermarkets come in as Aldi's newest in-store special buy has winter warming shoppers racing to the tills.
The store has added a pair of fleece lined memory foam boots to its middle aisle section for only £14.99. They could easily be mistaken for the TOMS Leather Flat Chelsea Boots, which are currently £125 at Marks and Spencer, and look similar to Dr Martens 2976 Leonore Faux Fur Lined Burnished Chelsea Boots, which are £180.
If you didn't know special buys can only be bought in store and with a limited stock ones they're gone, well, they're gone. The Ladies Lined Boots come in a choice of black or brown and in a range of sizes from UK 4 up to size 8, although we can't say what will be available in your closest middle aisle.
READ MORE: Debenhams cuts price of Sabrina Carpenter perfume that 'smells amazing'
READ MORE: M&S' new £10 perfumes are 'just like' Chanel, YSL, Jo Malone and more
The pair have all could need for icy cold wintery days with a warm fleece lining to keep your toes warm and a grip sole for the days where the pavement feels like and ice rink. The outside material of the boot is PU leather, so while they don't have the quality of genuine leather wearers won't have to worry when it starts to tip it down.
It's not the only Aldi special buy you may be able to find in your local store, as the supermarket also adds a range of fur-baby inspired pet toys, and tech gadgets to its middle baskets. If you get their quick enough before stock runs dry there's a £14.99 Hot Chocolate Maker - so a pricier Hotel Chocolat one doesn't have to be your first choice.
Also on the household appliance sector, a £59.99 Expresso Coffee Machine Maker - another worktop device that'll no doubt on many shoppers' lists this festive season. If you wanted to see alternative coffee machine deals then we'd recommend this Cooks Professional Retro Coffee Machine, available at Debenhams for £89.99.
For tech fans there's a few 'stocking-filler' style items too, with simple IB earbuds, at £12.99 these won't be AirPod rivallry but there are budget buy and a £8.99 speaker and charging pad in one. Similar charging pad products are proving super popular this festive sale season at rival retailers - this £9.99 pad for iPhones, Samsung Galaxy, and even AirPods is an 'Amazon Choice' product and been bought more than 1000 times in the past month alone.
Special buys are a hit with many shoppers, and for many the aisle of 'discounts on products you didn't know you needed' become a welcomed buy each week. As one Trustpilot commenter recently said: "The quality of special buys is excellent, and affordable. The personnel are ALL absolutely fabulous, helping with choice, and every single little thing (packing, taking bags to car...)."
While another fan of the middle aisle products said: "ALDI Special buys omg what a price drill impact drill angle grinder and multi tool 2 batteries and charger for £168.91 thats cheep thought. would be no good."
However what each shopper finds can be subject to their local store and the demand in the area so it's worth noting some will find products while others will sell out quicker. As one shopper said: "The special buys generally are not that special anymore", commenting on their nearest Aldi store.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.