ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - AUGUST 04: Matty Healy of The 1975 performs during Lollapalooza at Grant Park on ... More August 04, 2023 in Chicago, Illinois. The 1975 land their first hit on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart as their collaboration with Travis Scott and Big Sean, "Don't Play," debuts. (Photo by Barry Brecheisen/WireImage)
The 1975 is back on the charts in America, though fans didn’t miss the band dropping new music. The British alternative rockers score a brand new hit with a years-old tune, one which brings the group to a ranking they’ve never seen before—and they’re not alone.
“Don’t Play” debuts on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart this week. The tune opens at No. 38 on Billboard’s list of the most-consumed tracks that are classified as R&B, rap, or hip-hop when it comes to genre.
The track is fronted by Travis Scott, and it features The 1975. The song also credits Big Sean, with all three artists collecting a new win as “Don’t Play” arrives.
Both Scott and Sean have reached the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart many times in the past. The 1975, however, is new to the ranking. They collect their debut placement on the roster, as they’re not known for their output in the hip-hop space.
Scott has now collected 132 appearances on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs tally throughout his career. Sean, meanwhile, is up to 68 wins on the chart.
“Don’t Play” is featured on Scott’s mixtape Days Before Rodeo. The project was first released in 2014, though it wasn’t made widely available, and thus didn’t impact the charts in America. The rapper recently celebrated the title’s 10-year anniversary by finally sharing it everywhere, which has propelled not just the full-length, but several of the tunes on its tracklist, onto the charts.
Days Before Rodeo debuts at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 this week. The mixtape narrowly misses out on giving Scott another leader on the list of the most-consumed albums in the country. The hip-hop powerhouse lost out on the throne to Sabrina Carpenter’s Short N’ Sweet, which won the period by just 1,000 equivalent units.