Get inspired by the cool pop-star look with these affordable look-alike leather jackets inspired by Sabrina's "Please, Please, Please" music-video style.

													By
												

	Lilian Gonzalez


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Sabrina Carpenter is working late, because she’s a singer — and she’s a budding style icon too. On Thursday, the “Espresso” singer released a music video for her new single “Please, Please, Please.” In the music video — which co-stars her actor boyfriend Barry Keoghan — Carpenter rocks a custom oversized Coach leather jacket. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	For those looking to achieve the effortless look at an affordable price, you’re in the right place. 




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







Carpenter has proven that leather jackets can add a touch of style to any outfit. Take notes from her edgy style by incorporating this piece into your wardrobe for a trendy and versatile look. Whether you’re hitting the stage or strutting down the street, you can’t go wrong with this must-have item.

	










	You can re-create this look and shop similar leather jackets for less. Get ready to channel your inner-Sabrina Carpenter and scroll down to shop your favorites.

	If you’re in search of an edgy and affordable alternative, consider this Scoop Faux Leather Jacket, perfect for any outfit. You can get this one in five different colors: Black, Grape Blue, Green, Olive Night, and Whisper White. It’s available in sizes XS to XL. Take advantage of the 56 percent discount and go get yours now, before they run out.

	Another look-alike alternative to Carpenter’s jacket featured in her music video is this Coach Moto Jacket. Although it falls on the pricier side, you will find it features more fashion details like snap epaulettes, a mix of zip and snap pockets, and snap tabs at the hem. It’s available in sizes from XXS to XXL. Hurry, though: It’s already out of stock in sizes Large and XXL.

	For those looking for a more relaxed fit, consider this Black Leather Bomber Jacket from Target. It features a full-length zippered front, collared neck, ribbed edges, and two waist pockets. 

	Change up your jacket selection with this one-of-a-kind Faux Leather Aviator Jacket with Faux Fur Trim. You can get it in sizes Small, Medium, and Large. Hurry though, there are only two left in size medium, and a couple left in sizes small and large. It’s great for those looking for a comfortable, oversized, and affordable option. This piece is sure to upgrade your outfit without any effort. A Nordstrom customer said, “The quality is over the top. The fur is very good quality looks very expensive, will be styling this so many different ways.”

	










	If you’re looking for another affordable look-alike to Sabrina Carpenter’s jacket, consider this Fahsyee Store Faux Leather Jacket. It features a bottom belt, cuff zipper and two pockets. If you’re still unsure on whether to get this one, check out the reviews. One Amazon customer said, “This jacket is versatile, stylish comfortable and runs true to size! Loved the quality. Truly worth the expense.”

	For more product recommendations, check out this Pretty Little Thing figure-hugging dress, celebrity-approved Doc Martens to add to any outfit of your choice, and stylish Maxi Dress for only $6.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.