The highly anticipated Spotify Wrapped launched earlier this week, and the music platform has put together an interesting list of data-driven facts about listening habits across the country.
Spotify Wrapped allows users to look back at their year in tunes and see their most listened-to songs and artists. Wrapped gives fans a summary of their music habits over the past year, including top artists, songs, genres, albums and listening time.
The launch of Spotify Wrapped is always hotly-anticipated and has become an important part of the Christmas period for music lovers across the globe since it began in 2016. It has become a popular trend to share your Spotify Wrapped on social media and compare your listening habits with your friends.
READ MORE: Huge American rock band announce ‘largest and loudest’ world tour with Manchester show
And this year, Spotify has looked at the listening habits of music fans across the country and identified which songs and artists are most popular in different cities.
In Greater Manchester, the most popular artist in 2024 was Drake, and Mancunians' most streamed song was Teddy Swims' 'Lose Control', which went viral on social media platform TikTok.
People in Leeds streamed Sheffield favourite Arctic Monkeys the most in 2024.
Unsurprisingly, pop icon Taylor Swift took first spot for most streamed artist in the UK for the second time running, followed by Drake, Kanye West, Billie Eilish and the Weeknd.
The UK's most-streamed songs include Noah Kahan's Stick Season taking the number one spot, followed by Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso and Benson Boone's Beautiful Things.
And globally, Taylor Swift again took the crown of most-streamed artist, with a whopping 26.6 billion streams across the world.
But Sabrina Carpenter achieved the most-streams of any song with her hit 'Espresso', which has received an incredible 1.6 billion streams across the globe.
Manchester – Drake
Birmingham – Eminem
Bristol – Sabrina Carpenter
Cardiff – Rihanna
Edinburgh – Taylor Swift
Glasgow – Kanye West
Leeds – Arctic Monkeys
Liverpool – Billie Eilish
London – The Weeknd
Nottingham – Travis Scott
Southampton – Lana Del Rey
Manchester – Teddy Swims – “Lose Control”
Birmingham – Shaboozey – “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”
Bristol – Djo – “End of Beginning”
Cardiff – Dasha – “Austin (Boots Stop Workin’)”
Edinburgh – Hozier – “Too Sweet”
Glasgow – Noah Kahan – “Stick Season”
Leeds – Billie Eilish – “BIRDS OF A FEATHER"
Liverpool – Chappell Roan – “Good Luck, Babe!”
London – Benson Boone – “Beautiful Things”
Nottingham – Sabrina Carpenter - “Espresso”
Southampton – Artemas – “i like the way you kiss me”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.