I want a summer like Sydney Sweeney's.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

You know, Sydney Sweeney was thriving professionally earlier this year when her projects took over the 2024 movie schedule, but now she’s truly living her best personal life with all her epic summer posts. Yes, that’s right, she’s back at it again with another perfect pic for the season, and this time it features the cutest retro one-piece swimsuit.
After rocking an incredible summery bandana top and mini skirt over the weekend, Sweeney posted a quick clip of her using Elixir Ultime L’Huile Originale (per Kérastase’s IG) on her Instagram. While the hair oil is all fine and dandy, I think we all need to take a moment to appreciate the amazing retro one-piece the actress is rocking, take a look:
A post shared by Sydney Sweeney (@sydney_sweeney)
A photo posted by on 
While I don’t know where Sweeney is exactly, clearly she’s taking in the summer sun on a cloudless day, and it looks like she’s somewhere beachy, considering the water behind her. This adorable one-piece looks perfect for the weather too! I love the navy and white stripes and the nude spaghetti straps. Honestly, it reminded me of Sabrina Carpenter’s vintage pinup look from the Vogue World show in Paris that was inspired by ‘40s swimwear.
You can watch Sydney Sweeney and Glen Powell’s summery rom-com Anyone But You with a Netflix subscription. 
Truly, this look is so retro and fun, and I think it only adds to the Rolodex of magnificent summer looks Sweeney has donned this summer.
In terms of swimwear looks alone, we should dub this Sydney Sweeney summer. From the black bikini, she wore “hanging in Hawaii” to the white summer swimsuit she wore while relaxing on a hammock, she can really pull off anything. And she further proved that with this cute retro fit.
On top of her immaculate fashion sense, the Anyone But You star has also been living it up and posting about all her fun trips.
Earlier this spring, she dressed up a chic pirate, went ziplining, had pool days with a hilarious amount of floaties and went kiteboarding. Sweeney looked adorable in Mickey Ears on a trip to Disney World too. Basically, I’m just out here trying to manifest a summer as fun and stylish as hers, but she’s set the bar so high.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Ultimately, it’s been so fun to see Sydney Sweeney having fun in the sun this summer, and her latest swimwear post highlighted, underlined and bolded that point. She was on the work grind earlier this year with the box office success of Anyone But You and the releases of Madame Web and Immaculate, so I’d say all this summery joy is well-deserved.
If we learn more about Sweeney’s summer shenanigans as well as professional developments, we’ll be sure to keep you posted. In the meantime, I’ll be trying to find a dupe of this adorable swimsuit, because it’s seriously ideal for a beach day.
Riley Utley is the Weekend Editor at CinemaBlend. She has written for national publications as well as daily and alt-weekly newspapers in Spokane, Washington, Syracuse, New York and Charleston, South Carolina. She graduated with her master’s degree in arts journalism and communications from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University. Since joining the CB team she has covered numerous TV shows and movies -- including her personal favorite shows Ted Lasso and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. She also has followed and consistently written about everything from Taylor Swift to Fire Country, and she's enjoyed every second of it.
Florence Pugh Recalls Taking Her Family To See Midsommar, And Her Grandfather’s Honest Reaction Has Me Laughing
Nicolas Cage Plays A Surfer In His New Thriller, But It Turns Out He Also Has Real-Life Surfing Horror Stories: 'I've Been Pounded To Smithereens' 
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.