ByTim Lammers
ByTim Lammers,
 Contributor. 
Jenna Ortega at the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards held at the Peacock Theater on January 15, 2024 in ... More Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty Images)
Jenna Ortega’s new movie — a romantic drama comedy also featuring one of her Wednesday co-stars — will make its world premiere at the 2024 Tribeca Film Festival in New York City in June.
The lineup for the 23rd edition of the film festival was announced Wednesday. Ortega’s film — Winter, Spring, Summer or Fall — will be featured in Tribeca’s Spotlight Narrative category. The festival runs June 5-16.
Tribeca’s website had an official description of the film, which said, “Jenna Ortega and Percy Hynes White star in this sweet teen love story about a Harvard-bound girl genius and a laid-back guy who find each other in their final year of high school.”
Percy Hynes White, of course, starred as Xavier Thorpe opposite Ortega in Netflix’s
NFLX
 smash hit Wednesday in 2022. Hynes White’s career was plunged into turmoil, however, after the release of Wednesday. According to Variety, a Twitter user alleged in a January 2023 post that Hynes White had sexually assaulted her. In June 2023, Variety added, White responded to the allegations, calling them “a campaign of misinformation” started by somebody he’s never met.
Ortega most recently appeared in the 2024 indie movie flop Miller’s Girl, which will make its streaming video on demand debut on Netflix on April 25 after a limited run in theaters domestically and overseas.
Percy Hynes White and Jenna Ortega at the 80th Golden Globes After Party Powered By Billboard held ... More at The Beverly Hilton on January 10, 2023 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images)
Winter, Spring, Summer or Fall marks the directorial debut of screenwriter Tiffany Paulsen, who has written the screenplays for such films as 2007’s Nancy Drew, 2020’s Holidate and 2022’s About Fate, which all starred Emma Roberts. Paulsen’s other credits include 2016’s Adventures in Babysitting remake starring Sabrina Carpenter.
In addition to playing the title character of Wednesday Addams in Wednesday, Jenna Ortega’s credits include the 2022 indie horror thriller X opposite Mia Goth. She also played Tara Carpenter in the 2022 horror film smash Scream and reprised her role in Scream VI in 2023.
Deadline reported that Ortega had to drop out of Scream VII over scheduling conflicts with Wednesday Season 2.
The Tribeca Film Festival did not indicate what date Winter, Spring, Summer or Fall will screen in June and the film’s theatrical release date is pending.
Wednesday Season 2, meanwhile, is expected to debut on Netflix sometime in 2025.