Our free email updates are the best way to get headlines direct to your inbox
We have more newsletters
Our free email updates are the best way to get headlines direct to your inbox
We have more newsletters
Passengers arriving at London Luton Airport received the most unlikely welcome into the UK this week as employees from across the airport joined forces with local performers to ‘signal’ the start of the much-anticipated Radio 1’s Big Weekend on 24-26th May. The high-octane dance routine was devised by celebrity choreographer Remi Black who has worked with some of the biggest names in the music business including iconic star, six-time BRITS award-winner and Big Weekend headliner RAYE.
The performance beside the runway, saw LLA staff donning high-vis vests and armed with illuminated marshalling wands, as part of an energetic routine designed to give a warm welcome to passengers. Colleagues unveiled their talents to track ‘Head and Heart’ which is set to be performed on the R1BW main stage by artist Joel Corry, as Luton prepares to welcome a host of international stars.
 The dusk performance featured talented local dancers, including Harry Richmond, Cerys Toyer and Jada Tavernier-Durant from Luton College, dancing to a routine perfected over several hours of rehearsals overseen by Remi Black. Neil Thompson, Chief Operations Officer at London Luton Airport said: " As Radio 1’s Big Weekend descends upon our town, our teams have been going the extra mile to ensure a simple, friendly and welcoming experience for every act and passenger passing through the airport ."
Staff at the airport are eagerly anticipating the arrival of several international acts set to perform over the weekend - with the likes of Coldplay, Sabrina Carpenter and Becky Hill all set to hit the stage. The airport is introducing a unique service for acts to call ahead with their riders, with Van Halen’s iconic brownless M&Ms offered as a complimentary snack.
As one of the UK’s most popular music festivals, attracting global artists, with thousands in attendance and millions watching on television, Radio 1’s Big Weekend is set to be one of Luton’s biggest weekend in recent times.
 Aaron Salfairso, Operational Duty Manager at London Luton Airport, said: "While guiding aircraft to and from the runway is among our day-to-day responsibilities, we wanted to play our part in this huge weekend for the town by providing a fun twist and sharing some aviation-themed dance moves to bring a smile to passengers' faces. It's been great to bring a bit of flair to the role while ensuring everything at the airport continues to run like ‘clockwork’, which we’re sure Coldplay would appreciate ."