Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The singer performed her hit "Espresso" from her sixth studio album. 
Senior Digital News Writer

	Sabrina Carpenter brought her “Short n’ Sweet” tour to the late-night stage on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” in New York City on Thursday. The Redken celebrity ambassador performed her single “Espresso” from her sixth studio album.

	For her performance, Carpenter opted for a glittering icy blue bodysuit. The look featured allover sparkling crystals with dangling, fringe-like details along the hemline.

	The sleeveless look featured a sweetheart neckline and a form-fitting silhouette. Carpenter paired the look with sheer tights and coordinated blue mary janes. She styled her voluminous blond tresses in soft curls, complemented by makeup with rosy cheeks, bold eyes and a soft lip.

	










	Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” tour features a bevy of styles that harken back to the pin-up aesthetic. Carpenter’s looks, however, offer the style a contemporary take. During her sold-out stint at Madison Square Garden in New York City on Sunday, Carpenter wore a custom look courtesy of Patou.




			You May Also Like		






	The lace bodysuit featured lingerie inspiration with black lace, adorned with crystal embellishments and a small bow. The ensemble also included matching opera-length gloves and black bedazzled mary janes.

	Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” wardrobe also included a bejeweled bodysuit from Victoria’s Secret. Styled by Jared Ellner, the baby pink look featured a cheeky red-lipped crystal kiss on the hip. The custom bodysuit look required over 140 hours to create, and included 150,000 hand-placed crystals. 

	Carpenter’s playful approach to style embraces updated takes on the pin-up aesthetic and Old Hollywood glamour. From her “Short n’ Sweet” tour to her appearance at Variety’s Power of Young Hollywood red carpet last August, her current style era blends classic glamour with a contemporary edge.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.