ByKris Holt
ByKris Holt,
 Contributor. 
Find the links between the words to win today's game of Connections.
Looking for Friday’s Connections hints and answers instead? You can find them here:
Hey, folks! Before we get started, I need to apologize. In yesterday’s guide, I accidentally left in the answers when I first revealed the groups. Several of you reached out to let me know (thank you all again!) and I fixed the error as quickly as I could, but that slip might have spoiled yesterday’s Connections for many of you.
I have a lot of fun putting this column together for you every day, but I take it seriously too — I want to make sure I’m giving you the best Connections guide on the internet. I hate that I might have ruined a day of Connections for anyone. I messed up and I’ll try not to make the same mistake again. For what it’s worth, I’ll donate my earnings from yesterday’s guide to my favorite charity, the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust.
Aaaanyway, today’s NYT Connections hints and answers are coming right up.
Connections is a free, popular New York Times daily word game. You get a new puzzle at midnight every day. You can play on the NYT website or Games app.
FEATURED | Frase ByForbes™
Unscramble The Anagram To Reveal The Phrase
Pinpoint By Linkedin
Guess The Category
Queens By Linkedin
Crown Each Region
Crossclimb By Linkedin
Unlock A Trivia Ladder
You’re presented with a grid of 16 words. Your task is to arrange them into four groups of four by figuring out the links between them. The groups could be things like items you can click, names for research study participants or words preceded by a body part.
There’s only one solution for each puzzle, and you’ll need to be careful when it comes to words that might fit into more than one category. You can shuffle the words to perhaps help you see links between them.
Each group is color coded. The yellow group is usually the easiest to figure out, blue and green fall in the middle, and the purple group is usually the most difficult one. The purple group often involves wordplay.
Select four words you think go together and press Submit. If you make a guess and you’re incorrect, you’ll lose a life. If you’re close to having a correct group, you might see a message telling you that you’re one word away from getting it right, but you’ll still need to figure out which one to swap.
If you make four mistakes, it’s game over. Let’s make sure that doesn’t happen with the help of some hints, and, if you’re really struggling, today’s Connections answers. As with Wordle and other similar games, it’s easy to share results with your friends on social media and group chats.
Scroll slowly! Just after the hints for each of today’s Connections groups, I’ll reveal what the groups are without immediately telling you which words go into them.
Today’s 16 words are...
And the hints for today’s groups are:
Need some extra help?
Be warned: we’re starting to get into spoiler territory.
Today’s groups are...
Spoiler alert! Don’t scroll any further down the page until you’re ready to find out today’s Connections answers.
This is your final warning!
Today’s Connections answers are...
No perfect game, but I'm back to winning ways after yesterday's loss.
I got the yellows right away then figured there might have been a group of car rental companies given BUDGET, ENTERPRISE and NATIONAL. I didn't know what the fourth one was so I turned my attention elsewhere and found the greens.
I didn't have a clue about the purple group, so I went back to my car rental company theory and made random guesses at the fourth word (remember, I don't use Google while I'm playing this game) until I luckily found THRIFTY on my fourth and final attempt. I doubt very much that I would have deduced the purple connection.
That’s all there is to it for today’s Connections clues and answers. Be sure to check my blog for hints and the solution for Sunday’s game if you need them.
P.S. I've liked it for a while but it's only over the last few days that Sabrina Carpenter's "Please Please Please" has truly wormed its way into my brain. I'm excited to check out her new album when I have a chance this weekend.