The newest Kayali perfume has sent shoppers into a frenzy, and it's easy to see why. The latest addition to the Yum line is an intense scent, following in the footsteps of Yum Pistachio Gelato, but with a festive twist perfect for Christmas.
Yum Boujee Marshmallow Eau De Parfum, priced from £28, boasts a sweet and fruity blend of freesia, Italian lemon, nectarine blossom, and apple. The heart notes feature marshmallow, strawberry, coconut, and orange blossom, while the base combines whipped cream, sugar, vanilla, musk, raspberry, and ambroxan for a sweet and fluffy finish, reports the Manchester Evening News.
The perfume's inspiration comes from founder Mona Kattan's husband, who affectionately calls her "marshmallow" due to her love of sweet fragrances. Mona explained, "As a gourmand lover, I have always been addicted to sweet and delicious fragrances — especially ones that make me smell like my favourite desserts."
READ MORE: Jimmy Choo Flash perfume 'for all ages' and that 'smells divine' is slashed to £27
READ MORE: M&S’ trending faux fur shoulder bag that ‘has loads of room inside’ is perfect for Christmas gifting
"The inspo behind the hero note, pink marshmallow, came shortly after my husband and I got married — he calls me his "marshmallow" because I always smell so sweet and comforting," she continued. "To make the juice even more tempting, we added fresh strawberries, whipped vanilla cream and light, flaky coconut — making this fragrance one of our most irresistible scents."
Beauty fans are raving about the new scent, which has gained an average rating of 4.9 out of 5 stars from over 500 reviews on Huda Beauty. One reviewer gushed: "I'm in love! I don't know how Kayali nails it every single time with gourmand scents. They just hit the ball out of the park with this one — Yum Boujee Marshmallow 81. It's so deliciously sweet and creamy, just the perfect balance."
Another fan wrote: "This scent is absolutely divine; I could almost eat it! It's the ideal fragrance for me, as I adore sweet gourmand aromas and the colour pink. Every note is distinct and delightful. It has the essence of an elegant marshmallow. The vanilla, strawberry, and musky undertones are truly captivating.
"Initially, the sweet strawberry hits you with intensity, but it gracefully transitions into a gentle vanilla musk. I found myself sniffing my wrist throughout the day because I couldn't get enough of it. The longevity is impressive as well. I can easily envision myself in a flirty pink dress while wearing this enchanting fragrance. It's like a dream come true."
Reporter Jada Jones sampled the fragrance and shared her thoughts: "On first spritz, I get so much strawberry, but it quickly mellows out to a true marshmallow. I see a lot of fragrances claim marshmallow as a note, which isn't always a good thing. In Sabrina Carpenter's Sweet Tooth, I found it a little too sweet and juvenile, while Love, Don't Be Shy by Kilian is perfectly balanced with florals and spices.
"I think often marshmallow scents can seem like an attempt on the iconic Kilian fragrance that pulls in over £200 a bottle. Yum Boujee Marshmallow shares five notes with the scent, but it's completely its own. I think the use of floral notes balances it out and prevents it from tipping over into cloying. When I wear this, I smell just like a pink marshmallow, but I quite like that — I think paired with chocolatey lotions, this is perfect for winter."
However, some customers believe the perfume might be more appealing to younger users. "The (fragrance) has a sweet scent that is perfect for younger crowds," one person said. "As for me, it's a bit too sweet for my liking. I'd have loved a little more musk and vanilla to add to the depth of the scent to a more feminine scent."
Still, if you're keen to get involved with the latest perfume trend, you can shop Yum Boujee Marshmallow via Huda Beauty's website. Alternatively, you could try the original Yum Pistachio Gelato, filled with hazelnut, sweet rum and cardamom notes.
For more sweet perfumes, we also recommend Giorgio Armani's My Way — cased in a pretty pink bottle, it features an array of light floral notes such as tuberose and jasmine. Viktor & Rolf's Flowerbomb is another classic choice, with an aromatic blend of bergamot, freesia, cattleya orchid, and centifolia rose.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.