While Black Friday’s still more than a week away, this year’s early sales are nothing to wave aside.
In the lead-up to the shopping Super Bowl, Solawave’s offering a buy one, get one free deal on all of its skincare sets — translating to major markdowns of up to 59% off.
In other words, it’s a great time to try the brand’s award-winning, celebrity-approved red light therapy wand, which harnesses the power of red light therapy, facial massage, galvanic current and therapeutic warmth to help reduce visible signs of aging.
For those looking to get started, the device is available alongside an activating serum in the 4-in-1 Skincare Wand Kit ($207 $189).
While everyone from Priyanka Chopra to Pedro Pascal’s used Solawave to prep for red carpets over the years, Sydney Sweeney was an early adopter of the device.
“I started using the Solawave Wand within the last few weeks, and I use it every single day,” the “Euphoria” star told Story + Rain in 2021, adding, “I went to the gym today and everyone was like, ‘Your skin. It’s glowing. What did you change?’”
Meanwhile, Katy Perry told British Vogue she stole the “handy dandy” tool from husband Orlando Bloom’s Golden Globes gift bag and couldn’t be more obsessed.
“When I’m not wearing makeup I do some light skin prep,” she explained. “I swear by this little guy.”
And Jennifer Coolidge gave the at-home gadget some out-of-this-world praise, telling Glamour UK it delivers a glow “that can make you look like you just rolled around on the moon.”
With the holidays on the way, Solawave’s BOGO sale just might be the perfect opportunity to pick up presents — or treat yourself to sets like the Eye Recovery Pro Kit ($243 $229), Wrinkle Retreat Face Mask Kit ($405 $379) and Neck & Chest Rejuvenating Kit ($351 $329). 
Below, shop additional sets ideal for holiday gifting:
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.