A popular trampoline centre closed after the tragic death of a child. Police were said to be treating the youngster's death as 'unexplained'.
Emergency services were called to Flip Out Glasgow in Scotland at around 11am on Sunday, August 18. The child was rushed to the Royal Hospital for Children, where they were later pronounced dead.
GlasgowLive reports that the child 'took unwell' at the attraction before the alarm was raised. There was not believed to be any suspicious circumstances surrounding the incident.
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter announces UK tour including Birmingham Utilita Arena - how to get tickets
A spokesperson for Police Scotland said: “Enquiries are ongoing after a child took unwell at a premises in Southcroft Road, Rutherglen, shortly before 11am on Sunday, August 18. The child was taken by ambulance to the Royal Hospital for Children where they were pronounced dead.
“The child’s death is being treated as unexplained, although there are not thought be any suspicious circumstances, and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal. The Health and Safety Executive has also been notified.”
Flip Out Glasgow later announced on social media that the centre would be closed until further notice. The statement read: "Flip Out Glasgow is closed today. We apologise for any inconvenience this has caused.
"If you have pre-booked to visit today, please email glasgow@flipout.co.uk with your booking details and we will refund your booking or move your booking to another day. Please keep an eye on our social media where we post updates on when we will be reopening."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.