Sabrina Carpenter's new fragrance, Caramel Dream, has finally hit the UK shelves and is available as a body mist or an eau de parfum. Initially launched in the US last year, it has now officially landed at Superdrug here in Britain.
As the name implies, the perfume embraces sweet notes, with fans still eagerly awaiting an Espresso scent. It starts with sugared lemon and orange zest notes that help balance out the sweetness, complemented by hints of freesia and almond milk.
The heart of the fragrance reveals vanilla, dark chocolate bean, tiger orchid and orange blossom. The base, which lingers on the skin the longest, introduces caramel.
Read more: Boots shoppers praise 'impossible to beat' no-smudge liquid eyeliner even beginners can use
Patchouli, fluffy musk, sandalwood and amber also feature in the base notes, providing the scent with a lot of balance.
Caramel Dream is available either as an EDP or as a body mist. Body mists are ideal for regular top-ups, while we'd recommend applying EDP only to your pulse points to maximise its effect, reports the Mirror.
Although there aren't many UK reviews yet as the fragrance launches today, it has garnered an average rating of 4.5 out of five stars from 1,500 reviews on Amazon US. It's lauded for its longevity, although opinions vary on this aspect - to enhance perfume longevity, we suggest applying it to your pulse points immediately after moisturising.
One shopper shared their enthusiasm for the fragrance, saying: "I'm not usually one for sweet smelling perfumes, but this is sweet without being nauseating. I love the chocolate bar bottle and as an eau de parfum it should last quite a few hours, although I can't attest to that yet. Also, to be able to get the 2.5 oz bottle for $40 is a great price point and in my opinion will be worth every penny. I'm looking forward to using it all summer long."
Another customer chimed in, adding: "It's a very nice feminine smell. It's not super sweet it's kind of like a mature coconut summer musk smell. I was nervous about buying it because a lot of reviews said it wasn't long lasting but I sprayed this on me around 4pm last night and it's 9am the next day and still smells as strong as it did when I put it on."
A third user expressed their affection for the scent, noting: "This perfume has easily become one of my favorites! It has a light smell of caramel, and a bit of vanilla, it does smell sweet but with a bit of musk as well. It's not a very heavy perfume. My only down for it is that the scent doesn't last long and it doesn't come in a bigger size. Other than that it's worth it! ".
Summing up their love for the product, another buyer wrote: "i loooooove this perfume, it's exactly what i've been looking for! very sweet and edible. my mom said it smells like buttercream. the first day i couldn't stop smelling myself. lasted through a whole shift of me working at a pizzeria and my boyfriend could still smell it! ".
One satisfied customer raved about the fragrance, commenting: "I am beyond impressed with this perfume. I don't know what I was expecting since I'm not a huge Sabrina Carpenter fan, but the reviews won me over and now I understand why. This perfume has a comforting, and nostalgic smell to it, I like to wear it sometimes before bed. It smells like sweet, caramelized sandalwood and the scent lasts all day long. The bottle and packaging are so cute."
This aroma is drawing comparisons to 'Eilish' by Billie Eilish and Kayali's 'Vanilla Royale Sugared Patchouili'. You have the chance to snap up Sabrina Carpenter's 'Caramel Dream' starting at £24.99 for the eau de parfum or a thrifty £19.99 for a body mist exclusively at Superdrug.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.