The pop icon is taking a page from Madonna's book.
Christina Perrier is InStyle’s assistant editor and a writer in the fashion, celebrity, and lifestyle spaces.
Getty Images
 All the pop girlies want to be Madonna. From Katy Perry wearing a beer can cone bra on stage to Sabrina Carpenter reprising the legend's Bob Mackie dress at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, today's music moguls can't stop taking pages out of the "Material Girl" icon's playbook. And who can blame them? Dua Lipa is the latest: she blessed her fans' timelines with snaps of herself stunning in a jumpsuit with a cone bra.

 The photo dump queen took to Instagram to share a carousel of sultry mirror selfies and posed images in which she wears a black pinstripe jumpsuit that is equal parts sophisticated and sexy. The centerpiece featured billowing pants, a wide belt with a silver square buckle, corseted bodice, strapless construction, and, as the pièce de résistance, pointy breast cups.

Getty Images
 Only one thing could make her ensemble better: layers upon layers of diamonds. The "Houdini" hitmaker proved the stones really are a girl's best friend with multiple glistening diamond choker necklaces, a stack of opulent diamond bracelets, a smattering of shiny diamond rings, and several diamond hoop and stud earrings earrings on each ear.

 As for beauty, the Barbie star glammed up with bronzy, glowy makeup, complete with a healthy swipe of red blush, mauve-colored lipstick, and a fun white-and-magenta manicure. For hair, she swept her signature fiery-red locks into a slicked back bun with a middle part.

Dua Lipa/Instagram
 The model has never shied away from making a statement through her style. Yesterday, she went a different sartorial direction and proved butter-yellow is still the color of the season. She wore a Gucci leather trench coat in the pale hue while sightseeing in Washington, D.C. A black button-up, light-wash boot-cut jeans, chunky black boots, a matching quilted Chanel bag, and a black-and-red baseball cap completed her ensemble.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)