Coronation Street stars Lucy Fallon and Charlotte Jordan were branded 'trouble' by their castmate after they were seen enjoying a mini break together.
The actresses, who are known for playing Bethany Platt and Daisy Midgeley in the ITV soap, recently headed off to Rome with their fellow Corrie stars Tanisha Gorey and Channique Sterling-Brown.
The foursome gave an insight into their trip to Rome with various updates on social media. And it was Lucy and Charlotte in particular who proved their on-screen rivalry is just that as they appeared closer than ever off-screen.
READ MORE: Coronation Street fans say 'what's the betting' as they think exit has already happened
READ MORE: Read more of our Coronation Street stories here
Taking to Instagram, Charlotte shared a sweet video in which she and Lucy, who recently announced she is pregnant with her second child, finishing off their looks for an evening out in the Italian city.
The two women were seen smiling, pouting and dancing for the camera as they put in earrings, topped up their lipsticks and sprayed themselves in perfume in front of the mirror.
Captioning the post, which had been set to the Sabrina Carpenter track 'Good Graces', Charlotte wrote: "We’re just girls (but @maisonmargielafragrances & @parfumsdemarly girls specifically)."
Quick to respond to the post was Sally Ann Matthews, who plays Jenny Connor in Corrie, as she said: "I mean, I love the pair of ya but, that’s trouble right there." But Charlotte jokingly replied: "What do u mean we are very chill and not at all chaotic??"
Tanisha, meanwhile, commented: "The most gorgeous girlies," while Abi Webster actress simply wrote: "Gah," alongside a string of crying faces and yellow love heart emojis. Lauren Bolton star Cait Fitton also posted: "Beauties." Former co-star Kimberly Hart-Simpson also added: "Love this gals."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.