It all goes back to the pop star dancing in between the pews of a Catholic church.
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 She's working late, 'cause she might be involved in a political scandal.

 Sabrina Carpenter joked about her connection to New York City Mayor Eric Adams' indictment during a show at Madison Square Garden over the weekend. "Should we talk about how I got the mayor indicted, or ?" the pop star, currently in the midst of her Short n' Sweet Tour, asked the crowd.

 Adams was indicted last week following a federal corruption investigation, having been charged with bribery, campaign finance, and conspiracy offenses. He pleaded not guilty at his arraignment on Friday.

 What does the pint-sized Carpenter have to do with such a colossal scandal? It all goes back to her infamous "Feather" music video controversy involving a Catholic church in Brooklyn.

 Last October, Carpenter released a risqué and bloody video for the single, from her album Emails I Can't Send, at the Blessed Virgin Mary Church in Brooklyn. In the visuals from director Mia Barnes, Carpenter sings about feeling "light as a feather" after witnessing and orchestrating the death of men who were inappropriate towards her, and later dances around the church's altar and pews in a revealing black tulle dress, surrounded by pastel coffins of the perished men.

 It did not please, please, please the Diocese of Brooklyn. Brooklyn Bishop Robert Brennan said he was "appalled" that Carpenter filmed the "provocative" music video at the church in a statement, adding that the "parish did not follow diocesan policy regarding the filming on church property, which includes a review of the scenes and script."

 Carpenter addressed the controversy soon after, maintaining that she received approval in advance. "Jesus was a carpenter," she quipped to Variety, later sporting an oversized T-shirt that featured the latter quote while performing at Coachella earlier this year.

 It was indeed approved by Monsignor Jamie Gigantiello, who apologized for the oversight and was stripped of his administrative duties at the diocese as a result. (In a letter to parishioners, Gigantiello maintained that he and his team were not aware of the "provocative" nature of the video, and was under the impression that most of it would be filmed outside of the church.)

Leon Bennett/Getty; Michael M. Santiago/Getty
 As for how this ties into the Adams indictment, Gigantiello has been thrust into the federal probe against the mayor due to suspected his dealings with Frank Carone, a confidant and former chief of staff for Adams. Authorities in recent weeks have subpoenaed the church as feds look into Gigantiello's alleged business transactions with the mayor's office.

 It's been reported that the "Feather" debacle may have put Gigantiello and the church on the feds' radars. Church officials remained mum when asked about the possible connection between the Carpenter controversy and probe. “It would be inappropriate to comment further on that review, which is still ongoing,” diocese officials told New York Post. “The Diocese is fully committed to cooperating with law enforcement in all investigations, including conduct at individual parishes or involving any priest.”

 Carpenter has cautioned to stay in her good graces...

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)