By JAMES VITUSCKA FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:50, 4 October 2024   |  Updated:  21:23, 4 October 2024   
 112
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter's denial that she lip syncs has been shut down by a world renowned body language and linguistics expert who claimed the singer's giveaway sign is the way her diaphragm moves. 
The Espresso hitmaker, 25, came under fire just days after kicking off her Short n' Sweet Tour when a fan on TikTok accused her of lip syncing while performing Please Please Please onstage in a now viral video. 
Sabrina clapped back, insisting she sings live ‘every show 100%’ before asking if her critics ‘would you like to speak to my audio engineers.' 
But Dr. Lillian Glass, a body language expert and communications consultant who has worked on Federal and State Court cases, is not convinced, claiming the singer shows ‘definitive signs of lip syncing’ in the TikTok clip.  
'Sabrina Carpenter is lip syncing in her tour 100 percent,' Dr. Glass told DailyMail.com exclusively. 'One of the first tell-tale signs is that she is not using her diaphragm correctly. You don't see any tension in the diaphragm area which is essential for a singer holding a note. 
Sabrina Carpenter's denial that she lip syncs has been shut down by a world renowned body language expert who claimed the giveaway sign is the way her diaphragm moves
'If she was singing those notes, her belly would be pushed out more and it is not.'
She continued: 'In addition, she is off by a few beats. You can see that her lips do not match the audio coming out. When she does actually sing you can hear the difference because the volume changes to become a lot louder. 
'She also doesn't hold out any of her tones very long. It sounds mechanical like she was pre-recoded. Those are definitive signs of lip syncing.'
Sabrina's body language on stage is also indicative of lip syncing, according to Dr. Glass.   
'Sabrina's rhythm is off and her body movements are jerky when she brings the mic back to her mouth,' she added.
Dr. Glass suggested the singer needs to train harder like 'seasoned pro' Taylor Swift - who she joined for several stops on the Eras Tour as an opening act.
'She could be less obvious in her lip syncing if she had more experience and training,' Dr Glass claimed. 'Sabrina has not developed breath control like Taylor, who is a seasoned pro that works at singing with dancing.   
'Sabrina needs to be in tip top shape and trained like a pro athlete. And she is not this can be seen by how quickly she gets winded on stage.’  
The Espresso singer, 25 , came under fire just days after kicking off her Short n' Sweet Tour when a fan on TikTok accused her of lip syncing onstage 
Dr. Glass told DailyMail.com exclusively: 'One of the first tell-tale signs is that she is not using her diaphragm correctly. You don't see any tension in the diaphragm area' 
Shortly after Sabrina's Short n' Sweet Tour began last week, a TikTok user posted a fan video of one of her performances and asked: 'Does she ever sing live.'
Another account reposted the clip and responded to the question: 'Hate to say it but 30% lip singing 30% backing track 40% singing.'
The blistering accusation caught Sabrina's attention, and she defiantly commented: 'I sing live every show 100% would you like to speak to my audio engineers.'
However the social media user was unconvinced, and advised Sabrina tell the sound team to 'lower the backtrack voice as its way too high.'
The singer, who was dating Irish actor Barry Keoghan, brushed off the accusations on Thursday when she performed her hit song Espresso on The Tonight Show.   
During her performance, between verses, she said, 'Holy...' before singing on Jimmy Fallon's desk.
Fans were quick to praise the singer in comments on the show's TikTok page, defending her against the lip-syncing allegations.
'Love this Polly pocket cutie,' said one user, while another added: 'Lipstick on the mic is so real. I love her so much.'
A third said: 'Sabrina totally crushed it! Vibes are immaculate.'
Sabrina kicked off her tour in support of her Short n' Sweet album on September 23 in Columbus, Ohio. 
Earlier this week, she hit back at 'trolls' who have criticized her sexy stage outfits, telling them: ‘Don’t come to the show.’ 
Speaking in her cover interview for TIME Magazine's TIME100 Next list, she said: 'It's unfortunate that it’s ever been something to criticize, because truthfully, the scariest thing in the world is getting up on a stage in front of that many people and having to perform as if it’s nothing.
'If the one thing that helps you do that is the way you feel comfortable dressing, then that’s what you’ve got to do.'
Sabrina did her best to prove that she was singing for real during a performance of her hit Espresso on The Tonight Show on Thursday
Fans were quick to defend her after her roasting on TikTok in which she insisted she sings live ‘every show 100%’ before asking if her critics ‘would you like to speak to my audio engineers'
Sabrina started out on Disney, releasing four albums with the studio-owned Hollywood Records label between 2015 and 2019, as well as acting in films including Adventures In Babysitting, The Hate U Give, Tall Girl and The Short History of the Long Road.
After a move to Island Records in 2021, she dropped her first album with the label, Emails I Can't Send, the following year. In 2023 it was announced that she would be the opening act for the Eras Tour across dates in Latin America, Australia and Singapore.
Espresso marked Carpenter's first number-one song on the UK Singles Chart, while Please Please Please now has the distinction of being her first number-one song on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Her latest album Short n' Sweet topped the Billboard 200 and has since been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Of America (RIAA).
Sabrina's climb to superstardom came on the heels of rumors that Sabrina has dumped her latest boyfriend, Irish actor Barry Keoghan, over his 'party animal' lifestyle.
'Barry acts like an idiot when he is drunk and Sabrina was getting increasingly frustrated,' an insider claimed of the split.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group