Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The artist has registered 35,814 voters, with an additional 263,087 voters engaged outside of registering.

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

Sabrina Carpenter has registered more voters than any other artist ahead of the 2024 presidential election during her Short n’ Sweet tour. 

	Through her partnership with HeadCount, the artist registered 35,814 voters, with an additional 263,087 voters engaged outside of registering, via registration status and polling location, through giveaways, in-person activations and video boards during her tour, as well as mailers. 



	“Through our partnerships with over 100 top music artists — like Sabrina Carpenter, Green Day, Ariana Grande, and so many others — HeadCount had a record-breaking year, registering over 450,000 new voters and engaging over 3 million more people to make sure they vote,” Lucille Wenegieme, executive director of HeadCount, said in a statement. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					The Stars of 'White Lotus,' 'Yellowjackets' and 'Star Trek: Discovery' Just Barnstormed Congress in the Name of Arts Funding		
			








	She continued, “Our model works because musicians and celebrities have a cultural cache and an intimate connection with their fans, especially among young people, whose identity as a fan of a particular artist can be even stronger than other aspects of their identity, including affiliation with a political party or candidate. We are so grateful to our artist partners and their teams for inspiring their fans to take control of their future by voting.” 

The Hollywood Reporter reached out to a rep for the “Please Please Please” singer for further comment. 

	Carpenter’s partnership with HeadCount also included a sweepstakes that gave fans the opportunity to see her tour by checking their voter registration status. Winners will be flown out to San Francisco for the artist’s Nov. 9 show.

	According to the nonprofit, which works with musicians to promote participation in democracy in the United States, Green Day’s Saviors Tour broke the organization’s all-time record for most voters engaged in a single tour with 7,900 new voters. The rock band also engaged over 61,000 voters through in-person activations throughout the tour.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.