The world has always had a love affair with the Princess of Wales and her incredible thatch of hair. The 42-year-old is known for her tumbling, cascading rich brunette locks and when we saw her last month, her hair was actually longer than ever.
One of the biggest hair trends for Autumn 2024 is the fringe and back in 2015, Kate rocked a truly voluminous one that really suited her.
She famously wore the perfectly cut style as she watched the royal film performance of "Spectre" at the Royal Albert Hall. Sweeping her curls up into a chic chignon, the Princess' fringe framed her face perfectly. 
She also wore her locks down and flowing to the Anna Freud Centre a few weeks later, alongside a houndstooth print dress, and we think she looked like a 60s siren.
A fringe like this is ideal if you want to refresh your hair ready for the new season. If cut well, a fringe like this, known as 'Curtain Bangs' skims the eyes and is a timeless look that can add definition to the face. Espresso hitmaker Sabrina Carpenter also sports one.
Speaking of Sabrina's famous, blow-dried mane, which is often referred to as a 'Dallas blowdry' on TikTok, Prince William's wife sported it first. The style is synonymous with the mother-of-three.
When Kate and William announced their engagement in 2010, everyone picked up on Kate's stunning, lightly curled hair, which was nicknamed the 'Chelsea blowdry'. It was created by stylist Richard Ward at the time and it officially brought 'big hair' back.
Celebrity hairstylist Michael Gray told HELLO! Kate's blowdry is achieved with a variety of brushes and is still hugely popular today, despite the fact that Kate sported it over 14 years ago.
He revealed: "The Dallas blowdry is taking sections of hair the same size as a round blow dry brush, blow drying the hair up to achieve maximum volume and movement through the hair, wrapping the hair in and pinning, allowing the hair to cool down."
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.