By
Melanie Davis
On the September 23, 2024, episode of The Kelly Clarkson Show, host Kelly Clarkson and Miranda Lambert joined forces to perform a stunning rendition of Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck Babe!” The standalone single from April 2024 has become one of Roan’s biggest hits, thanks in no small part to its 1980s synth-heavy production and Roan’s soaring vocals.
Before breaking into song, Clarkson and Lambert took some time to gush over their mutual love for the rising pop star, proving that Roan really wasn’t lying when she said she was “your favorite artist’s favorite artist.” And while it’s hard to beat Roan’s iconic vocal performance, we’d say Clarkson and Lambert came close.
Clad in sunglasses on an outdoor stage, Kelly Clarkson and Miranda Lambert talked about their favorite artists on the late September 2024 episode of The Kelly Clarkson Show. The two singers bonded over their love of country star Lainey Wilson before moving on to record-breaking pop star Chappell Roan.
“I love Chappell,” Clarkson said. “This last album specifically is what turned me onto her. It’s so good.” Lambert added, “My brother and his husband were like, ‘You have to hear this,’ and they turned me onto her music, and I was obsessed.”
Clarkson and Lambert then broke into an acoustic rendition of Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck Babe!” The condensed cover showcased the singers’ airtight harmonies and their ability to switch between their chest and head voices with seemingly no effort. Even without the original version’s heavy production, the song’s melody held its own.
As you could expect, fans couldn’t get enough, with the second most liked fan comment on the performance begging for a full version. “please PLEASE do a full Kellyoke version of this soooooonggg,” the fan wrote.
Before the two stars started their version of Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck Babe!,” Miranda Lambert lamented over not getting to meet the rising pop star at the VMAs. “I just wanna tell her, like, she’s so brave,” Lambert said. “And rad!” Kelly Clarkson added. “I love anything authentic,” Lambert continued. “It’s so cool.”
“Her voice is insane,” Clarkson said. “Her range, how she goes from head voice to chest voice. The lyrics—lyrically, I can see why you like her, too. Y’all are very similar, like how you write. It’s very storyteller, and it’s very funny. It’s very clever. I laugh a lot when I listen. Then you’re like, ‘Oh, I gotta listen again.’”
Clarkson and Lambert have been in the music industry for decades, and both are incredibly strong vocalists in their own right. Their mutual love of Chappell Roan is a touching testament to how Roan’s presence on the scene has ushered in a new era of mutual empowerment amongst the biggest names in the biz. Countless fellow pop stars like Lorde, Mitski, and Sabrina Carpenter have reached out to Chappell Roan to support and uplift the Missouri native as she continues her ascent to fame at neck-break speed.
And if Chappell Roan’s rise to stardom means we keep getting incredible covers like Miranda Lambert and Kelly Clarkson’s, well, that’s just an added bonus.
Photo from The Kelly Clarkson Show/YouTube
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand