She received three nominations, but none in the Big Four categories.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	The nominations for the 2025 Grammy Awards were announced on Friday (Nov. 8), and while major pop stars including Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Sabrina Carpenter and Taylor Swift made appearances in the Big Four categories, there were other A-listers with major releases this year that were notably absent.

	Ariana Grande was one of those artists who was not listed under the record of the year, song of the year or album of the year categories. Grande didn’t earn anything in the Big Four despite producing two Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 hits (“Yes, And?” and “We Can’t Be Friends”) from her Billboard 200-topping album Eternal Sunshine. She did, however, get three nods this year: for best dance pop recording for “Yes, And?,” best pop duo/group performance for her “The Boy Is Mine” remix with Brandy and Monica, and best pop vocal album for Eternal Sunshine.

	










	At the time of publication, Grande has yet to react to her nominations.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Over the course of her career, Grande has received 15 nominations and two wins (best pop duo/group performance for her Lady Gaga collab “Rain on Me” in 2021 and best pop vocal album for Sweetener in 2019). She was only nominated in the Big Four categories in 2020, when Thank U, Next was nominated for album of the year and “7 Rings” received a record of the year nod.

	As expected, following the nominations announcement, Grande’s fans took to social media to express shock and frustration over her absence in the Big Four. See some of their reactions via X (formerly Twitter) below.
ME AT THE GRAMMYS DIRECTOR’S HOUSE BECAUSE I DON’T NOMINATE WCBF FOR SONG OF THE YEAR AND ETERNAL SUNSHINE FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR pic.twitter.com/B46Bvwzd6K
what do you mean eternal sunshine was NOT nominated for album of the year? pic.twitter.com/2rSS69CqXb
not nominating we can’t be friends song of the year or eternal sunshine for album of the year…. did we just live the same year pic.twitter.com/ymrWhG6srZ
ariana not getting a song of the year nomination for we cant be friends, one of the biggest songs of the year? i need her to stop giving the grammys the time of day. do what abel did and never turn another song or album in again pic.twitter.com/9QrRHy58VP
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.