Oops! She did it again. After a quick shoutout to the one and only Britney Jean Spears during her space-themed performance at the MTV VMAs, Sabrina Carpenter channeled the pop icon for a VMAs afterparty in a very Britney lace minidress and some frosty, Y2K-style eye shadow to match.
Carpenter, who snagged a Moon Person trophy for “Espresso,” hit up an afterparty at Electric Lady Studios in New York City with her Marilyn Monroe curls from the red carpet brushed out into big waves and icy blue eye shadow all over her lids. In place of her vintage Bob Mackie gown was a short and sweet (get it?) white lace mini, a dead ringer for the black Dolce & Gabbana Spears wore in 2001.
To create more distinction between her awards show and afterparty looks, Carpenter changed up a few elements of her glam, most notably her eye makeup. She mimicked the baby blue shades of her Short & Sweet album cover on her eyes, wearing a pale baby blue shade across her lids and under her lashline, with a lighter color applied all the way up to her brow. As a noted Britney superfan, I couldn't help but notice the similarity to the frosty, futuristic shadow Spears wore in the “Oops!…I Did It Again" video, which Carpenter referenced during her performance. (The shadow was very likely the work of Carpenter's go-to makeup artist, Carolina Gonzalez.)
Carpenter also swapped the red ombré lip from the show in favor of her favorite rose-nude color, giving the afterparty look a very 2000s-does-'60s vibe that feels right in line with the futuristic vibes of Spears's “Oops!” space universe. One element that remained in place was the white manicure covered in rhinestones, courtesy manicurist Spears herself weighed in on Instagram, saying she was confused about the whole “kissing an alien" bit from the performance but “adores” Carpenter nonetheless. Oh baby, baby!
More beauty news:
Now, watch Sabrina try 9 new things:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices