Taking the underwear as outerwear trend *very* literally
All eyes are on the beautiful and supremely talented Sabrina Carpenter at the moment, and not just because of all *those* Barry Keoghan rumours, either... Nope, what we're more interested in here on the Cosmo fashion desk is, ofc, her style – though we are living for the updates about this rumoured new romance too, obviously. But back to the clothes! The 24-year-old singer and actor has long been delighting her 32 million (!!) Instagram followers with 'fit after epic 'fit, and people are fully obsessed. It's unsurprising, really, given her penchant for rocking ultra-girly, super-glitzy and teeny tiny ensembles on the reg.
So you can only imagine the sheer frenzy that unfolded when Sabrina dropped a carousel of pics on her Insta a few hours ago, one of which showed her going big on the underwear as outerwear trend...
Yep, while the rest of us are out here bravely battling our way through the ice-cold January temperatures in all the puffers, thermals and jumpers we can fit on our bods, Sabrina is casually leaving the house in little more than her undies and a coat. Quite literally, though: the star wore an oversized grey tailored maxi coat with a see-through black bra, glittery gold boxers-slash-micro-shorts, black over-the-knee boots and that's it! 
Is it just us, or is it giving high-fashion flasher chic? We're kinda obsessed with the fact that she went all in with the naked dressing trend, and took the whole "underwear as outerwear" thing so much more literally than most celebs. Well, tbqh, if we looked like that, we'd probably do the same too. 
Clementina Jackson is Acting Site Fashion Editor at ELLE UK, working across news and features, trends, e-commerce and SEO. She was previously Fashion Editor at Cosmopolitan and Women’s Health, and Acting Digital Fashion Editor at ELLE UK, where she was named as a PPA 30 Under 30 award winner for her work on size inclusivity. An experienced fashion, travel and luxury lifestyle journalist, Clementina has also written for Harper’s Bazaar, Vanity Fair, Condé Nast Traveller, Tatler, Red and Italy Segreta. 

Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
We found £35 lookalikes to the Hermes Oran sandals
Noah Cyrus's nip-freeing dress + thong = incred
Blake Lively ditches bra in leather blazer look 
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.