Google's annual 'Frightgeist' list of the top trending Halloween costumes is out. See how many you recognize on this year's list.
Does it make me a dull person if I only recognize about half of this year's 'trending' Halloween costumes? It appears I am a little behind in my popular cultural references.
If you're like me, you will take comfort in this year's #25 trending costume: good old dependable Godzilla.
Google's annual "Frightgeist" list has unveiled 25 costume ideas the tech giant says are "trending" in the build-up to Halloween. Based on comparisons of year-on-year search data from September, the list is also something of a who's who of pop culture in 2024.
Pay attention to this part if you must be wearing one of the trendiest costumes each year.
Number one on this year's list is Bob, a shrunken-headed ghost from the recent "Beetlejuice" sequel.
Viral breakdancer Raygun took second place, with Google noting a spike in searches for "green and yellow track suit" and "green track pants," as worn during the Australian's controversial Olympics performance.
Third place went to CatNap, the cat-like monster from the popular video game series "Poppy Playtime."
Also in the top 10 were Deadpool's female counterpart Lady Deadpool and singer Sabrina Carpenter, whose cut-out heart corset has spiked in searches this year, according to Google Trends.
A total of five characters from Pixar's "Inside Out" movies - the anthropomorphized emotions Envy, Anger, Disgust, Anxiety and Joy - featured in the top 25.
So, too, did Chipotle burritos (11th), Sonic's nemesis Shadow the Hedgehog (20th), rapper Soulja Boy (24th), and three other characters from "Beetlejuice."
1-Shrunken Head Bob, from "Beetlejuice"2-Raygun3-Catnap4-Delores, from "Beetlejuice"5-Pomni, from "The Amazing Digital Circus"6-Envy, from "Inside Out"7-Red, from "Descendants"8-Dr. Doom9-Sabrina Carpenter10-Lady Deadpool11-Chipotle burrito12-Anger, from "Inside Out"13-Disgust, from "Inside Out"14-Wolverine15-Anxiety, from "Inside Out"16-Delia Deetz, from "Beetlejuice"17-Gambit18-Dune19-Minion20-Shadow the Hedgehog21-Joy, from "Inside Out"22-Peely, from "Fortnite"23-Lydia Deetz, from "Beetlejuice"24-Soulja Boy25-Godzilla
Gallery Credit: Eddie Davis
Gallery Credit: Eddie Davis