GLASTONBURY, ENGLAND - JUNE 23: Fred again performs at Day 3 of Glastonbury Festival 2023 on June 23, 2023 in Glastonbury, England.Shirlaine Forrest/Redferns
Grammy Award-winning producer, singer-songwriter and DJ Fred Again, stylized as Fred again.., announced his 2024 “Places We’ve Never Been Tour” on Monday, August 5 in support of his forthcoming album, “Ten Days,” coming on September 6.
The fourth studio album features the already-released singles “Adore U,” “Ten” and “Places to Be,” featuring Anderson Paak and Chika. Other collaborations include Skrillex, the Japanese House, Joy Anonymous, Sampha, Four Tet and more.
The 14-stop tour kicks off on September 11 in Denver, CO, and will include a stop at Buffalo’s KeyBank Center on October 7. Other nearby stops include two nights at Toronto’s Scotiabank Arena. The tour concludes on October 13 in Fort Worth, TX, however, more shows will be added in the future according to Fred Again’s announcement on Instagram.
“Whenever we go to the US I hear about (and sometimes see from the plane!!) alll these mad places that we haven’t gotten to go to and explore,” he wrote. “So yeah I can’t waittttt to see these parts and play some shows in some magical places …..and obviously this poster isn’t evvvvvery show! It’s jus every one that we’ve confirmed.”
Tickets went on sale to the general public today (August 9) at 12 p.m. local on Ticketmaster.
Tickets are also available on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, StubHub and SeatGeek, where tickets are listed below or above face value, depending on demand.
For Fred Again’s Buffalo show, ticket prices start at $63.55 for upper-level seating on Ticketmaster, however, tickets are selling fast, and general admission floor tickets are already sold-out.
Here’s a look at the best resale prices available (including fees):
Upper-level seating:
Lower-level seating:
Floor general admission:
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
A complete list of Fred Again’s “Places We’ve Never Been Tour” dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? Fred Again isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard, Shawn Mendes and Imagine Dragons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices