Tyler Bacon, President and CEO of Position Music, has announced that Josh Deane, Shannon Corsi, and Josh Tangney have joined the company as members of the A&R team. The three will play a key role in servicing the existing Position Music roster while continuing to expand the roster with new writers, producers, and artists.
Prior to joining Position Music, Deane spent the past eight years as a major and indie label A&R. The majority of his time was spent at Interscope Records, where he signed and developed artists such as Louis The Child, ROLE MODEL, and Easy Life. Additionally, he held A&R roles at Atlantic Records, Live Nation, and his own music-tech consulting company where he facilitated artist partnerships and helped develop music-based content creator tools at companies including Layers and Even. 
Having been a part of the album process for artists such as Death Cab for Cutie, Young the Giant, Charli xcx, Melanie Martinez, Santigold, DRAM, Fitz and the Tantrums, and Grouplove, Deane has the tools and experience to help steer the label into this next chapter of growth.
Corsi spent the past five years at songwriting legend Justin Tranter’s publishing company, Facet/Warner Chappell. As an original team member, she played a key role in building the company from the ground up. Throughout her tenure, she harnessed her talent for strategic A&R while overseeing a roster including singer/songwriter Skyler Stonestreet (Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Dove Cameron) and producer Russ Chell (Lil Nas X, Future, Tate McRae), among others. 
Having worked directly with hitmaker Justin Tranter, she’s been privy to the intricacies of songwriting at the highest level and knows what it takes to become an icon in the industry. She is a proud alumni of USC’s Thornton School of Music,where she continues to give back as a recurring guest lecturer.
Tangney's journey began on the management team for Andy Grammer, where he played a crucial role in the artist achieving over 3 billion global streams and several hits, including the quadruple-platinum single “Honey, I’m Good,” and the platinum singles “Keep Your Head Up,” “Fine By Me,” “Don’t Give Up On Me,” “Fresh Eyes,” and “Good To Be Alive (Hallelujah).” 
He was also influential in growing Rachel Platten's career, achieving massive success with the 6x platinum single "Fight Song" and the platinum hit "Stand By You."In addition to his management achievements, Tangney is a CMT and CCMA-nominated songwriter who has collaborated with Grammy Award-winning artists and seen hundreds of his songs featured in major movies, advertisements, and TV shows. His portfolio includes work with multi-platinum-selling artists such as Darius Rucker, The Black Eyed Peas, Brett Young, and Lauren Alaina.
Deane, Corsi, and Tangney will report to Position Music’s Partner and Head of A&R Mark Chipello.
"I am incredibly proud to announce that we have added Josh Deane, Shannon Corsi, and Josh Tangney to the A&R team. All three of them are talented and dynamic creative executives who will play significant roles in our next phase of growth at Position Music. Josh Deane is a record maker who refined his craft at Atlantic and Interscope and is committed to the success of our label. 
Shannon Corsi is a versatile publisher who cut her teeth under Justin Tranter at Facet House and is a fierce champion for songwriters. Josh Tangney has over a decade in artist management experience, helping guide the careers of Andy Grammer and Rachel Platten, and has now joined Position Music to focus on the continued success of TV/film synch licensing for our roster," says Chipello.
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.