Peter Pan is the latest Disney character to get a gruesome horror transformation.
Discussing Film posted the trailer for Peter Pan's Neverland Nightmare on X/Twitter with the caption: “The first trailer for the ‘PETER PAN’ horror movie has been released. Set in the Poohniverse,” which racked up a number of comments from film fans - not all of them positive.
One person shared the movie poster and wrote: “One hell of a cover,” as someone else tweeted: “Lmfao Jesus this looks horrible.” Another questioned: “We’re doing a f***ing public domain horror cinematic universe?”
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter passionately snogs Jenna Ortega in steamy clip as fans go wild
Someone else joked: “The Poohniverse is better than the MCU,” as another comment read: “Why are they turning kids cartoons into horror movies…?” One X/Twitter user replied explaining: “Because they can. It’s dumb, it has to do with an old copyright law thing.”
More negative comments poured in, with doubtful movie goers quipping that “nobody asked for this,” “the public domain universe is getting out of hand” and that the whole premise “is wild”. Another unimpressed tweet read: “This looks bad. Just a generic B movie slasher where they reference Peter Pan’s name a lot.”
One final comment settled the debate: “Say what you want, but this captures the old school just straight up horror vibe. No pretension, no artsy leanings, just straight up horror. If they do this right, it could be watchable.”
Peter Pan’s Neverland Nightmare is a horror thriller set to be released on 31 October - just in time for Halloween. IMDb’s description reads: “Wendy Darling strikes out in an attempt to rescue her brother Michael ‘from the clutches of the evil Peter Pan’. Along the way she meets Tinkerbell, who will be seen taking heroin, believing that it is pixie dust.”
The cast stars Martin Portlock, Charity Kase, Kit Green, Megan Placito, Philip Philmar and Olumide Olorunfemi. Peter Pan is just one of a long string of Disney names that have entered the public domain and undergone a gruesome horror makeover as part of the Poohniverse, also known as the Twisted Childhood Universe (TCU).
Winnie-the-Pooh, Bambi and Pinocchio have all been reimagined as grisly horror villains for an adult retelling of their beloved stories.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.