What are the words and phrases that make Montana what it is? 
The Helena Symphony concludes the 2023-2024 Season for Masterworks VI with "Swan Lake & Cavalleria Rusticana" at 7:30 p.m. on Saturday, May 4, at the Helena Civic Center.
Tchaikovsky’s timeless tale of love and transformation captured in the music from the ballet Swan Lake opens the concert with Mascagni’s one act Cavalleria Rusticana portraying the tragic story of betrayal, jealousy, and the secrets of a love triangle.
“Tchaikovsky was not only one of the most prolific composers of symphonies, but he also remains a legendary composer of works for the opera and ballet, even though he only composed three ballets: The Nutcracker (his final ballet), Sleeping Beauty, and his first ballet – Swan Lake,” says Maestro Allan R. Scott.
Single concert tickets can be purchased for $65-$20 plus a $5 transaction fee online at www.helenasymphony.org, by calling the Symphony Box Office at 406-442-1860, or visiting the Symphony Box Office located on the Downtown Walking Mall at the Placer Building, 21 N. Last Chance Gulch, Suite 100, between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.
Montana Early Music Festival favorite artists Sarah Stone and Keith Reas kick off Musikanten Montana’s 20th Anniversary Celebration on May 9, with a 7:30 p.m. cello and organ recital at St. Peter’s Episcopal Cathedral, playing works by Bach, Vivaldi, A. Gabrieli and other Italian Baroque composers. 
Stone will play her 1765 French instrument from Benoist Fleury, opening the concert with one of J.S. Bach’s stunning solo cello works, the suite #3 in C Major.
Other composers include the important Anglo-Italian Jewish musician Jacobo Cervetto, who “brought the generous and manly tones of the violoncello into high favor “ when he moved from Verona to England in 1738.
St. Peter’s Episcopal Cathedral is at 511 N. Park in Helena. Suggested donation is $25 at the door, $10 for students/seniors. Save your program for a $5 discount on Saturday night’s big concert at St. Mary’s.
A grand finale concert will be at 7:30 p.m. May 11. at St. Mary Catholic Community.  
With the participation of favorite violinist Carrie Krause and friends, Musikanten will present Baroque  works by Monteverdi and Buxtehude, as well as a cappella music by Johannes Brahms, Elliott Carter, Washington School composer Russell Woollen, and Aaron Copland’s bravura composition for mezzo-soprano and chorus “In the Beginning.” 
Favorite guest artist Marjorie Bunday solos in Copland’s 1947 setting of the first chapter of the Book of Genesis.   
St. Mary Catholic Community is at 1700 Missoula Ave. General admission of $35 is suggested donation at the door, students $10, with reserved seating for Musikanten Montana annual Angel Donors (above $100). 
The Montana Military Museum presents its 25th annual Wine Fair on Friday, May 3, from 6:30 to 10 p.m. at the Helena Civic Center.
This event serves as the primary fundraiser for the non-profit Montana Military Museum, located on Fort William Henry Harrison. 
Sample more than 80 fine wines from Gusto Distributing, including several microbrews, hors-d’oeuvres, along with water and soda.
Enjoy live music by Jack Berry, bid on donated silent auction items, and enter to win a wheelbarrow of fine wines. 
Tickets are priced at $30 in advance or $40 at the door. Ticket outlets include Leslie’s Hallmark Stores, M-T Glass Liquor Store, Island Liquor, East Helena Liquor, Headwater Craft House, and the Montana Military Museum at Fort Harrison. 
Tickets are also available on 406tix.com. Wine/beer tasting tokens are $1 each at the door. 
Moms for America and Moms for America Action president and founder, Kimberly Fletcher, will speak in Helena on Thursday, May 9, at 7:15 p.m. at the East Helena Canyon Ferry Baptist Church, 3384 Canyon Ferry Road.
Fletcher is the wife of a retired Air Force officer and the mother of eight children. She has made it her mission to educate and inspire the women of America to realize their immeasurable worth and powerful influence in our country and culture simply by being who they are.
The public is invited to hear her program and story as a grassroots activist for empowering Moms, to help them raise patriots, and for teaching liberty, the Constitution and protecting freedoms.
The program is free. Donations are welcomed. Light refreshments will be available when doors open at 6:30 p.m. For any additional information, call 406-227-9711.
Veterans and families, or individuals connected to the military are invited to experience the healing qualities of creative movement, social connection and art creation in a safe and welcoming environment through this introductory session of classes offered by Cohesion Dance Project.
The final session runs May 9-June 14 on Thursdays from 5:30-6:30 p.m. and Fridays from noon-1 p.m.
Classes are open to ages 7-adult, of all abilities, including those with disabilities, and no dance experience is required.
Sign up online at cohesiondance.org for individual classes or the full session of either day. Classes will be held at Cohesion Center, 1020 Argyle.
Cost is free thanks to a Creative Forces Community Engagement Grant, part of the National Endowment for the Arts’ Creative Forces ® initiative, in partnership with Mid-America Arts Alliance.
Join us for the Pots & Plants Market from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday, May 11, at The Bray. The event is a beloved tradition celebrating the season's arrival.
Pots and Plants Market at The Bray will be Saturday, May 11, from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m.
Find the perfect Mother's Day gift or treat yourself to some artistic delights. Shop for potted plants, vibrant bouquets in one-of-a-kind vases and more. Breakfast treats and drinks will be available from on-site vendors.
Join Premiere Dance Company for an evening filled with music, dancing, food and fun featuring Reverend Slanky, Montana’s funkiest 7-piece band.
This family friendly event will take place on Friday, May 17, at the Helena Civic Center Ballroom. Doors open at 6 p.m., and the band will play from 7 to 10 p.m.
Premiere Dance Company welcomes Reverend Slanky for a dance party benefit on Friday, May 17, at the Helena Civic Center.
The night will feature live performances by PDC members and the much-anticipated Bad Dads of Ballet.
There will be a silent auction, five-bowl raffle, and PDC’s Premier Raffle with a chance to win $1,000 cash or $1,000 in Helena area restaurant gift cards.
Pre-order a dinner buffet from Chili O’Brien’s by May 10 at premieredancecomplany.org. Dinner will be served from 6:15 to 7 p.m.
Admission with pre-ordered dinner: $375 for a table for 8 people. Single tickets cost $55 for adults and $15 for ages 12 and under.
Admission-only at the door: $15 for adults, ages 12 and under are free (food not included). Snacks, beverages, including beer and wine, will be available for purchase.
Visit premieredancecompany.org or call 406-442-6519.
Raven’s Feather Productions is set to perform their inaugural show for 2024. "What Happened While Hero Was Dead," by Meghan Brown, will be staged at the Helena Avenue Theatre, 1319 Helena Ave., from May 9-11, and May 16-18, at 7:30 p.m., with Sunday matinees at 2 p.m.
This play is a modern twist on Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothing," giving Hero, traditionally passive, a vivacious personality and agency.  
Raven’s Feather Productions will present "What Happened While Hero Was Dead" at the Helena Avenue Theatre May 9-11 and May 16-18 at 7:30 p.m., with 2 p.m. matinees on Sundays.
Directed by Ross Peter Nelson, the play features April Kortz, Emma Covarrubias, Haley McKnight, Ryan Eggensperger and Daniel Rosenberg, with aerial performances by Elise Landles, Molly McKinney, and Rosemary Howell of Bumblebee Aerial Fitness, choreographed by Sabrina Harding.
Note: This play contains adult language and sexual situations and is not suitable for younger audiences.
Tickets are $20 general admission and $15 students and seniors and are available for purchase at www.ravensfeather.org/tickets.
A special Archie Bray Artist Amplified event will take place at Mt. Ascension Brewing Co., 317 Cruse Ave., on Thursday, May 2, at 6 p.m., in partnership with this year’s Greater Helena Gives campaign.
The Bray's first-year resident artists, Sarah Alsaied, Austin Coudriet and Laura Dirksen, will share their work, aspirations and the journey to where they are now. Grab a beer, support the arts and help raise awareness for nonprofits in the Helena community.
Join us for the "Moonscapes" artist reception on Friday, May 3, from 5-7 p.m. at Queen City Framing & Art Supplies, at 400 Euclid Ave., in the Lundy Center.
"Moonset Over Fort Harrison" an exhibit by Emory Padgett will be on display at Queen City Farming and Art during May. An artist's reception is May 3.
Historic preservation carpenter and photographer Emory Padgett will be on hand that evening to discuss their ethereal images featuring the moon over softly stunning Montana landscapes. The "Moonscapes" show will be on exhibit during May.
Visit qcframingandart.com or call 406-442-2760 for more information.
Submissions to the Around the Town calendar should be emailed to irarts@helenair.com and should be 200 words or less. Submissions should be written in story form, no flyers please. Call Phil Drake at 406-447-4086 if you have questions.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
What are the words and phrases that make Montana what it is? 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.