Home    Forums    Music    Prepping Best New Artist for Grammy predictionss center (call for suggestions)
I’m looking to build and launch the Best New Artist category in the Grammy predictions center before the end of the month. Some candidates are obvious like Chappell Roan, Benson Boone, Teddy Swims. Who do y’all think I should include? Last year I was proud to have every single nominee for Best New Artist in the predictions center, so I’m looking to cast a pretty wide net.
John Summit. Debut album released in July 2024 (debuted at #39 on the Billboard 200, a high for an EDM act this year), had his first Gold-selling single, “Where You Are”, certified by the RIAA in June 2024. Started headlining arenas across North America for the first time during this eligibility cycle. Played closing night sets at two of the largest festivals in the US (Coachella & EDC.)
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
Central Cee
Sierra Ferrell
FLO
Flo Milli
The Last Dinner Party
RAYE
Sexyy Red
Shaboozey
Brittney Spencer
Hi, Daniel! I think these should be in the predictions center:
Tanner Adell
Benson Boone
Sabrina Carpenter
Charley Crockett
The Dare
Sierra Ferrell
Peggy Gou
Rae Khalil
The Last Dinner Party
Mannequin Pussy
Flo Milli
Megan Moroney
Reneé Rapp
The Red Clay Strays
Chappell Roan
Sexyy Red
Shaboozey
Britney Spencer
Teddy Swims
BossMan Dlow and Artemas please!
Madison Beer
Dasha
Djo
Tommy Richman
Get real!  Some of these artists mentioned are NOT happening in Best New Artist.  Pure delusion.  No need to include them.
Durand Bernarr should be eligible.
Get real! Some of these artists mentioned are NOT happening in Best New Artist. Pure delusion. No need to include them. 
One might have said the same thing about Molly Tuttle, Tobe Nwigwe, and Arooj Aftab.
These people haven’t been mentioned yet:
Tish Melton
Jessie Murph
Tierra Kennedy
Lizzy McAlpine
English Teacher
Nia Archives
Baby Rose
October London
Infinity Song
The Marías
Liana Flores
Ravyn Lenae
artists that had hits during this eligibility period: Kenya Grace, Jessie Murph, , Lay Bankz.
others:
Elyanna: a Palestinian singer based in the US, she released her debut album this year (I recommend listening to it, pitchfork gave it 7.7!), the album didn’t chart (it’s in Arabic) but she has a cult following and has performed at a lot of the major festivals in america this year + she has a collab with coldplay coming out in a few weeks
Rachel Chinouriri: an English singer who released her critically acclaimed debut album this year, it didn’t make a splash in the US but she had a semi-viral song from the album on social media
Hemlocke Springs: not sure if she released anything during this eligibility period but she’s been going viral on tiktok & she opened for doja’s tour this year
other names that come to mind (not sure if all are eligible):
NewDad, Nia Archives, Amaarae, Aliyah’s Interlude, Cecile Believe, Flowerovlove, Chinchilla, Alemeda, UMI, Cat Burns, Florrie, Royal Otis, English Teacher, Paris Paloma, The Beaches, Isabel LaRosa, Cannons, Yaya Bey, Ayra Starr (she was nominated last year in a performance category, not sure if she’s still eligible)
Kaliii
Le Sserafim
Jessie Murph
English Teacher
BRITTI
ILLIT
Delilah
Terrell Fure’
It's me... Hi
artists that had hits during this eligibility period: Kenya Grace, Jessie Murph, , Lay Bankz. others: Elyanna: a Palestinian singer based in the US, she released her debut album this year (I recommend listening to it, pitchfork gave it 7.7!), the album didn’t chart (it’s in Arabic) but she has a cult following and has performed at a lot of the major festivals in america this year + she has a collab with coldplay coming out in a few weeks Rachel Chinouriri: an English singer who released her critically acclaimed debut album this year, it didn’t make a splash in the US but she had a semi-viral song from the album on social media Hemlocke Springs: not sure if she released anything during this eligibility period but she’s been going viral on tiktok & she opened for doja’s tour this year other names that come to mind (not sure if all are eligible): NewDad, Nia Archives, Amaarae, Aliyah’s Interlude, Cecile Believe, Flowerovlove, Chinchilla, Alemeda, UMI, Cat Burns, Florrie, Royal Otis, English Teacher, Paris Paloma, The Beaches, Isabel LaRosa, Cannons, Yaya Bey, Ayra Starr (she was nominated last year in a performance category, not sure if she’s still eligible) 
Hemlocke released her EP at the beginning of the eligibility period
Lawrence!
Benson Boone
Infinity Song
Rae Khalil
The Last Dinner Party
Chappell Roan
Shaboozey
Teddy Swims
Koe Wetzel
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media