On the new Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are discussing Billboard awards editor Paul Grein's early predictions for next year's Grammys.

	Taylor Swift and Beyoncé have faced off in the album of the year category at the Grammys just one time, when Swift’s Fearless won out over Bey’s I Am… Sasha Fierce at the 2010 ceremony. The duo could meet again on Feb. 2, 2025, if The Tortured Poets Department and Cowboy Carter receive album of the year nominations.

	So what are their chances? On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast (listen below), Katie & Keith are chatting about the just-released 2025 Grammy predictions from Billboard awards editor Paul Grein. Taylor and Beyoncé aren’t the only contenders, of course: Grein also thinks Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Chappell Roan, Chris Stapleton, Tyla and Sabrina Carpenter (with an album that isn’t even out yet!) could join them among the eight nominees.

	










	We chat about all the Big Four categories — also including record and song of the year and best new artist — on the new pod, which you can check out here:




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Eminem lands his 11th No. 1 album on the Billboard 200, how Taylor Swift’s Tortured Poets Department is, for the first time in its 13 weeks of release, not No. 1 on the Billboard 200, and how Katy Perry’s new single arrives on multiple charts while she’s already teasing a new, different song.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.