The singer-rapper also reveals the Sabrina Carpenter song she's listening to and more.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	LISA is giving fans a peak behind the scenes. The rapper-singer shines in Bose’s latest campaign, released on Wednesday (Sept. 11).

	The “Hear It All. All the Time” campaign highlights how Bose‘s Ultra Open Earbuds ($299) provide immersive listening without disconnecting you from the outside world.

	LISA stars in the campaign along with Tyla, Central Cee, Don Toliver and a DJ Mustard beat.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					BLACKPINK		
					






















	
		
					LISA of BLACKPINK		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Available in black, white smoke, lunar blue, moonstone blue and “Diamond,” a limited-edition 60th anniversary colorway, Ultra Open Earbuds feature an open-ear design with Open Audio technology that delivers premium sound directly to your ear drums while keeping you aware of your surroundings. The earbuds offer up to 7.5 hours of battery power and an extra 19.5 hours in the charging case (up to 48 hours of standby).




			Trending on Billboard		






	Taking viewers inside the greenroom, the audio brand’s new campaign offers a unique glimpse into artists’ pre-performance routines. LISA is seen in all purple, jamming away on set with her Ultra Open Earbuds and tapping her choreographer to go over dance moves.  

	










	The BLACKPINK star will take the stage at the 2024 MTV VMAs on Wednesday, becoming the first K-pop soloist to achieve the feat. Ahead of her highly anticipated VMAs performance, Billboard caught up with LISA over email (and voice note) to chat briefly about the Bose campaign and how she channels her inner rockstar.  

What was the best part of shooting the Bose campaign?

LISA: I had such a fun time working with Bose! I’m so thrilled to be a part of the new campaign. The best part of shooting the campaign was being able to work with products that I love. I got to try out the [Open Audio] feature [on the Ultra Open Earbuds] which was pretty cool.

What are some of the features that you like about Bose Ultra Open Earbuds?

	The Ultra Open Earbuds looks as good as they sound. [They] let me hear my music while staying connected to what’s around me.

What are a couple of songs on your personal soundtrack?

	I would say “New Woman” and [Sabrina Carpenter’s] “Espresso.”

Bose campaign shows you behind the scenes. What are a couple of your pre-stage rituals?

	I always like to mentally prepare with a short prayer before I go on stage.

You released the song “Rockstar” earlier this summer. How would you describe the vibe of your solo music? And how do you channel that rockstar confidence when performing?











	“Rockstar” is a song with a very catchy beat and a strong performance. I feel confident when I know exactly what I’m doing. For example, learning choreography and practicing it until I’m confident about it.

When you’re not recording or performing, how do you wind down?

	I like to stay at home with my dogs and cats, watch TV and relax.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.