Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The pop star has released a snippet of her new song off of her highly anticipated upcoming album exclusively on Instagram.  

							By 

	Nicole Fell


	The wait for a “Taste” of Sabrina Carpenter‘s upcoming album Short n’ Sweet just became a little shorter. 

	The pop star has dropped teaser of her new song “Taste” on Instagram this morning. Using the social media platform’s latest update, fans were able to get early listen of the yet-to-be-released track on Carpenter’s Instagram profile. 



	Instagram’s latest update, a throwback to the early days of social media, allows users to add songs directly to their profile. The MySpace-reminiscent update aims to offer users a taste of Y2K trends with a modern twist. The platform suggests users can match their music choice to their mood, see what others are listening to or jump on social media trends.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			








	Fans of Carpenter were only able to hear the teaser of “Taste” through the pop star’s profile until Short ‘n Sweet dropped on Friday. The 25-year-old released a trailer for the song’s music video, her next single off the album, with Beetlejuice Beetlejuice actress Jenna Ortega on Wednesday night. 

	The “Taste” music video, released on Friday, has already made a splash online. The artful yet gory music video kicks off with a content warning before showing Carpenter choosing from an assortment of weapons, hauntingly singing “Rock-a-bye baby, snug in your bed / Right now you are sleeping / And soon you’ll be… dead.” The pop star takes a moment to apply lipstick in the reflection of a large knife. 

	Throughout the delightfully campy video, Carpenter and Ortega, quite literally, fight to the death over what appears to be Ortega’s current boyfriend and Carpenter’s ex. A chorus of “Heard you’re back together and if that’s true / You’ll just have to taste me when he’s kissing you” sets the scene while the two young starlets try to take each other out using shotguns, knives, chainsaws, voodoo dolls and more.

	Carpenter and Ortega even share a kiss in the video, leading to the death of the video boyfriend. The duo, dressed in all black, stand in front of his casket, before eventually walking off together as pals, laughing and drinking milkshakes. 

	Carpenter has already had quite the year. The 25-year-old singer scored her first No. 1 single on the Billboard Hot 100 in June with the viral track “Please Please Please,” which serves as Short n’ Sweet‘s second single. The first single, “Espresso,” has been on the chart for 18 weeks; it currently sits at No. 4, having peaked at No. 2 earlier in the summer. “Please Please Please” remains in the top 10, sitting at No. 8 currently.

	










	The pop star’s sold-out Short n’ Sweet Tour will kick off this fall in Columbus, Ohio. Los Angeles will be the North American tour’s last stop, with a show at the Crypto.com Arena on Nov. 15 and two shows at the Kia Forum on Nov. 17-18.

Aug. 23, 10:09 a.m. This story has been updated with Carpenter’s full “Taste” video.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.