Pop band One Direction's songs have been soaring up the charts after the heartbreaking death of Liam Payne this week.
Fans around the world were heartbroken when it was announced that Liam died after falling from the third floor balcony of his hotel in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Liam, who died at the age of 31 on Wednesday evening, rose to fame on X Factor along with his 1D bandmates Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson, Niall Horan and Harry Styles.
In the wake of his death, fans have been reminiscing about their favourite band and listening to their top hits. Night Changes, former number two Story Of My Life and chart-topper What Makes You Beautiful, have been on repeat by fans in huge numbers, according to the Official Charts Company.
What Makes You Beautiful was their debut single after they took part in X Factor. The song was sung by fans at memorials to the singer this weekend. According to the Official Charts, Liam's solo songs Strip That Down, Teardrops and For You (featuring Rita Ora ) al set to be in the top 100.
The One Direction tracks are projected to be as follows – Night Changes (16), Story Of My Life (21) and What Makes You Beautiful (47). The number one spot is set to be taken by Joker actress Lady Gaga and fellow US singer Bruno Mars with Die With A Smile, as Sabrina Carpenter’s Taste could fall to second place.
One Direction's stars paid tribute to Liam after they heard about his death. They said they were "completely devastated" by the news of his death, adding earlier this week: "The memories we shared with him will be treasured forever."
In a statement signed "Louis, Zayn, Niall and Harry", Liam Payne's One Direction bandmates said: "We're completely devastated by the news of Liam's passing. In time, and when everyone is able to, there will be more to say. But for now, we will take some time to grieve and process the loss of our brother, who we loved dearly.
"The memories we shared with him will be treasured forever. For now, our thoughts are with his family, his friends, and the fans who loved him alongside us. We will miss him terribly. We love you Liam." The stars also took to their own pages to share throwback pictures and heartbreaking personal statements regarding their friend's death.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.