After 10 years in the music industry, Sabrina Carpenter has finally left her mark on the world with her new album “Short n’ Sweet.” Appropriately titled, Carpenter’s sixth studio album consists of 12 tracks with a runtime of 36 minutes. It seems the pop artist has finally hit her stride with her newest release.
The album opens with “Taste,” a catchy tune in classic pop fashion that leaves “quite an impression.” The track addresses an ex-boyfriend’s lover as Carpenter tells them her impact on her ex will linger. Through the fun, upbeat pop sound of her next single, she also tells the general public she is an artist here to stay.
The album turns to “Please Please Please,” a summer hit that has both Carpenter and listeners begging for a miracle. The song was responsible for a lot of the hype surrounding the release of this album, standing out with a No. 1 entry on the Billboard Hot 100 charts. With its slight country twang also seen in track 9, “Slim Pickins,” “Please Please Please” is a strong point in the album.
“Good Graces,” is the album’s most carefree track. Carpenter could not care less as she sings lyrics, “it’s not that complicated,” while standing her ground. Though fun and catchy, it is clear Carpenter can be five feet of fury toward anyone who does her wrong.
“Sharpest Tool,” exposes a different part of Carpenter’s world, where the guy is not obsessed with her and things are not so bubbly and fun. Another girl enters the picture, and Carpenter is left second-guessing what happened and what went wrong. 
“Coincidence,” flips the script in sound as Carpenter hits her usual pop notes. The track has a folk-type feel to it, and it sounds similar to tracks from a band like The Lumineers. “Bed Chem,” puts Carpenter’s sexiest feelings on display, which are later revisited in “Juno,” another song with an incessantly catchy tune.
Since its release in May, “Espresso” has consumed pop radio and the general public. Although the seventh track is not even three minutes long, Carpenter crafted the perfect pop hit with clever lyrics like “too bad your ex don’t do it for ya.” “Espresso” is a rare find on the album, with Carpenter choosing to explore other sounds and styles instead of relying on the success of this song. 
One such track is “Dumb and Poetic,” which feels more vulnerable and raw than other tracks. Where previous songs covered the pain and hurt exposed by Carpenter in her lyrics with upbeat tunes, “Dumb and Poetic” fully opens up those wounds.
“Slim Pickins” returns to Carpenter’s jokes and lightheartedness through its slight country sounds. “Lie To Girls” signals the album’s close while staying true to the album's overall message of calling men out on their issues. The closing track, “Don’t Smile” slows the album’s pace, offering a nice reprieve from bouncy pop while still maintaining the album’s essence.
“Short n’ Sweet” is primed to take Carpenter’s career to the next level as she cements herself as one of the industry’s premiere pop artists. Though short in length, the album hits on a lot of different situations and sounds while remaining fluid and connected. With “Espresso,” “Please Please Please” and “Taste” serving as the album’s singles, the project may just be Carpenter’s biggest yet.
et029322@ohio.edu