ByTravis Bean
ByTravis Bean,
 Contributor. 
Megan Fox stars as an AI-driven android named Alice in the 2024 film 'Subservience.'
There are, of course, many great films to be found on our favorite streaming services. But Netflix always seems to take the case each month, offering a wide variety of films, from dramas to comedies to documentaries to thrillers, that cater to all tastes. And that certainly appears to remain the case in December 2024, which features all kinds of options, including a thriller that investigates the horror of AI-laden households, a biblical epic that tells the story of the Virgin Mary, and Netflix’s Christmas-themed take on the Die Hard formula. I didn’t even mention the film that many believe will win an Academy Award for acting next year—yeah, this month has a little bit of everything.
So where do you start? Hopefully, I can help. Below, I’ve highlighted seven of the most intriguing and hyped films that will grace Netflix in December. Then at the bottom of the article, you will find a full list of every single movie and show that will be available throughout the month and what days they’ll premiere. All in all, I believe you’ll find a comprehensive list of genres and storylines that will suit any movie fan’s needs. Happy movie watching!
Directed and written by Rich Peppiatt in his feature film debut, Kneecap was the first movie in the Irish language to premiere at the Sundance Film Festival—and now it makes its SVOD debut on Netflix. Set in West Belfast during the late 2010s, the story follows Liam and Naoise, two young men from the "ceasefire generation," as they team up with a music teacher named JJ (all three of these characters are played by their real-life counterparts) to form a provocative hip hop group named Kneecap. The group’s incendiary music forces them to deal with police harassment, political threats and dissident republican attacks, all while navigating personal struggles and backlash from society at large. Despite the chaos, Kneecap’s irreverent music becomes a cultural rallying cry for many, challenging norms and celebrating the Irish language in a gritty, subversive way. Profane and political, humorous and rebellious, punchy and poignant, the film offers a little bit of everything throughout its wildly entertaining yet enlightening ride. Kneecap (which features an appearance from Michael Fassbender) will be available to stream on Netflix starting Dec. 2, 2024.
I think we can expect a steady wave of AI-focused movies over the next...hundreds of years? It’s probably just a thing now. And while not every one of them is great, movies like Subservience, which is set in a near future where life like AI-driven androids have become common household fixtures, seem to have struck a socially revealing chord. The story centers on a struggling father named Nick (Michele Morrone) who purchases a sim named Alice (Megan Fox, who shines in a role like this) to help care for his children while his wife, Maggie (Madeline Zima), battles a life-threatening heart condition. As you might have guessed, the initially kind Alice soon becomes an unnerving presence as she grows obsessively attached to Nick and increasingly hostile toward Maggie, and the family is forced to confront their new robot’s escalating violence and fight for survival. Directed by S.K. Dale, Subservience walks the line between sci-fi and domestic thriller, offering a chilling commentary on AI’s infiltration into intimate domestic spaces. Subservience will be available for streaming on Netflix starting Dec. 5, 2024.
In what many consider to be the biggest cinematic biblical event since The Passion of the Christ, the 2024 film Mary aims to offer a compelling retelling of the Nativity story through the perspective of Jesus’ mother, Mary of Nazareth, aka the Virgin Mary. This D.J. Caruso film follows Mary (Noa Cohen) as she grapples with the miraculous conception of Jesus and the challenges it brings, including being shunned by society and a brutal decree from King Herod (played with chilling intensity by Oscar winner Anthony Hopkins) to kill her newborn child. Accompanied by her husband, Joseph (Ido Tako), Mary embarks on a perilous journey of faith and courage to protect the prophesied Messiah while fleeing Herod’s relentless pursuit. This biblical epic claims to be steeped in historical authenticity, offering a grounded yet majestic portrayal of Mary’s journey by blending intimate character moments with sweeping visuals that capture the ancient landscapes of her flight. Mary will premiere on Netflix on Dec. 6, 2024.
The press tour for It Ends With Us made it one of the most talked about movies this past summer for all the wrong reasons. Still, this romantic drama based on the 2016 novel by Colleen Hoover won lots of fans, as evidenced by its 90% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes’ Popcornmeter (aka the audience score). The film tells the emotionally intense story of Lily Bloom (Blake Lively), a recent college graduate who moves to Boston and starts a whirlwind romance with an ambitious neurosurgeon named Ryle Kincaid (Justin Baldoni). But as their relationship deepens, Ryle becomes more and more abusive, forcing Lily to confront her past as her first love, Atlas Corrigan (Brandon Sklenar), strolls back into her life, reminding her of the kind of connection and love she truly seeks. Directed by Justin Baldoni, the film offers a powerful and sobering narrative about how romance colors our vision even in the most trying and terrifying of moments. The movie also features performances from Jenny Slate, Hasan Minhaj and Kevin McKidd. It Ends with Us will be available to stream on Netflix starting Dec. 9, 2024.
You won’t find many Academy Award contenders in Netflix’s December lineup, but one film in particular, Maria, could net Angelina Jolie her second Oscar (and her first for Actress in a Leading Role) as she reimagines the final days of the legendary soprano Maria Callas. The movie centers on the retired opera singer as she retreats to Paris after a life marked by artistic triumphs, personal scandals and profound heartbreak. Set during her final week of life in September 1977, this film directed by Pablo Larraín (who has directed revered biopics such as Jackie and Spencer) captures Maria’s struggle with her fading fame and diminished voice, all while losing her grip on reality. As Maria reflects on her life and career, she navigates the memories of her tumultuous romance with Aristotle Onassis (Haluk Bilginer), as well as the memories of her youth and stage triumphs, all while confronting the existential void left by her waning spotlight. Kodi Smit-McPhee, Alba Rohrwacher, Pierfrancesco Favino and Valeria Golino round out the cast of this visually and emotionally rich biopic styled as an operatic elegy. Maria will stream globally on Netflix starting Dec. 11, 2024.
In a truly bold move (and, honestly, in a welcome departure from the barrage of holiday romance movies), Netflix is ushering out its version of Die Hard (yes, the streamer itself actually made this comparison) for the Christmas season with Carry-On. And with the ever-watchable Taron Egerton at its center, this movie might actually live up to the hype. The Kingsman star plays Ethan Kopek, a young TSA agent whose routine day takes a dark and twisted turn when an unnamed traveler (played by Jason Bateman) blackmails Ethan into allowing a dangerous package onto a flight. With the life of his pregnant girlfriend (Sofia Carson) on the line, Ethan must traverse an intricate game of cat-and-mouse game as he tries to outsmart his manipulative opponent. Directed by Jaume Collet-Serra, this taut-and-contained thriller aims to use the bustling nature of airport energy to immerse the viewer into pulse-pounding environment where every moment and every decision matters. The cast also features Danielle Deadwyler, Logan Marshall-Green, Dean Norris and Theo Rossi. Carry-On lands on Netflix on Dec. 13, 2024, just in time for the holiday season.
While Tyler Perry might be more known for (and disdained for) his irreverent slapstick comedies, he’s directed several of critically acclaimed dramas that aim to visualize the Black experience. And his latest foray into this arena is The Six Triple Eight, which tells the remarkable true story of the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion, the only all-Black, all-female Women’s Army Corps unit stationed overseas during World War II. The 855 women of the battalion were tasked with clearing a three-year backlog of 17 million undelivered letters for American soldiers, all while facing discrimination and dire living conditions that made the war experience even tougher. Led by Captain Charity Adams (Kerry Washington), the women of this legion forged ahead and completed their mission in just 90 days, boosting morale on the front lines and leaving behind an incredible legacy that defied the odds. This all-star cast also features Ebony Obsidian, Milauna Jackson, Shanice Shantay, Sarah Jeffery, Pepi Sonuga, Oprah Winfrey, Susan Sarandon and Dean Norris. The Six Triple Eight premieres globally on Netflix starting Dec. 20, 2024.