The free-to-play game celebrates their rave-rock collab ‘Ratatata’ 

Japanese metallers BABYMETAL and German rave-rockers Electric Callboy have released their own video game.
The rhythm game is available to plan on desktop and mobile, and requires players to destroy various obstacles.
“It is time. The night is here and the sky has turned red above. Electric Callboy is on their way, searching for love. Help them destroy the obstacles in their way so they can finally hit the dance floor with BABYMETAL when it goes ‘Ratatata’,” reads the game’s description, while the entire thing is soundtracked by their pulsating 2024 collaboration ‘Ratatata’.
The free-to-play game can be found here.
Speaking about ’Ratatata’, BABYMETAL called the collab “unbeatable” while Electric Callboy added: “Working with BABYMETAL was so much fun. We joined our creative forces and, in the end, we brought together the best of both worlds”
Released in May, ‘Ratatata’ went on to become BABYMETAL’s first track to chart in america. “It’s only been a month since we shot the music video, so, it doesn’t feel real,” Moametal told NME about the song’s success while backstage at Download 2024. “I still can’t believe it, but I had so much fun making it. I’m so happy [with how it turned out] and so glad that many people have listened to it.”
BABYMETAL have previously featured in Super Mario Maker and Fortnite, while their music has also been included in Rock Band 4.
It was recently confirmed that Electric Callboy will be returning to the UK next year for Slam Dunk Festival. They’ll be joining the likes of  A Day To Remember, Neck Deep and Alkaline Trio at Hatfield Park and Leeds Temple Newsam in May.
In other news, a number of Roblox Dress To Impress fans are taking inspiration from Sabrina Carpenter and her ‘Short N’ Sweet’ tour.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.