Tasha Ghouri, who recently made her live debut on Strictly Come Dancing, has opened up about which judge she finds the most intimidating. The panel, consisting of Anton Du Beke, Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse, is known for its tough critiques, with Craig often playing the role of the show's villain.
However, in an exclusive chat with OK!, Tasha confessed that it's actually Shirley who makes her the most nervous. She explained: "Hmm... Shirley?! When she's watching the dances you feel she's got laser beams on your feet your posture..." Her dance partner, Aljaz Skorjanec, added: "Oh, how I've missed those judges.."
Despite her nerves, Tasha certainly wowed the judges during Strictly's first live show, scoring a total of 30 out of 40 alongside Aljaz, with two 8's and two 7's from the panel.
Shirley seemed particularly impressed with Tasha and Aljaz's captivating Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's hit Espresso, offering high praise and predicting Tasha's future success on the show: "You're on your way to have one of the most spectacular leg actions I think I have ever seen on the show.
This had fans predicting that Tasha and Aljaz could be on their way to winning the coveted glitterball trophy, with many speculating they are the soon-to-be winners of the show, despite the pair having only danced live once. . Placing their bets on Tasha and Aljaz as the potential winners to lift the coveted glitterball trophy, one hopeful fan tweeting: "Aljaz is back Him and Tasha for the final #Strictly."
However, pro dancer Aljaz maintains a realistic outlook amidst the buzz. He humbly noted: "I think... we have just as much of a chance as the 14 couples we are competing against! It's a great answer, isn't it? ! But it's the truth. The way I see it, we need to find our own lane and compete with ourselves, every single week. We're going on our own journey of hard work, progress and... love of dance."
While Tasha, who is committed to intense rehearsal schedules, reveals that the training has been a physical challenge. She explained: "Physically, it's been tough at times, as initially it shocked my body I hadn't moved in this way for a few years! " Determination shines through her approach as she adds: "But it's keeping the right mentality, you just have to push through. Aljaz is an amazing teacher, though, and so much fun. Training's been joyful, really wholesome."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.