These unexpected shoes are a serious winner 
No-one has changed the zeitgeist over the past few years quite as much as Sabrina Carpenter. 
The child star turned cool girl has been living in our heads rent-free since she dropped 'Espresso' aka theeee song of summer 2024 and quickly proceeded to release Short n' Sweet: an unapologetically raunchy album charting relationships, horniness and being a twenty-something woman. 
Naturally, her superstar ascent has been accompanied by a suitably iconic aesthetic. Specifically, Sabrina worked with stylists like Ron Hartleben and Jared Ellner to create looks inspired by retro pin-ups and old Hollywood: rocking babydolls, lingerie, camp swimsuits and more. 
Jared, in -particular, styled Sabrina across the US leg of her Short n' Sweet tour, meaning that he's the one responsible for her to-die-for custom Victoria Secret bustier covered in (*wait for it*) 150,000 hand-placed crystals. 
As Sabrina wraps up this part of her tour, Jared even posted an IG wrap-up of some of her best looks with a cute caption shouting out Sabrina's commitment to slaying: "Thank you to all of the incredible designers and craftsmen who worked so hard to bring these looks together. thank u to my team for putting your hearts into this project. and thank u sabrina for being so brilliant and serving sooo hard 🍾🥂✨"
But when Sabrina posted her own round-up from the tour, we were particularly taken by one outfit. 
Specifically, she can be seen wearing a hot pink bedazzled bustier with stockings and suspenders but, on her feet, she's rocking a seriously unexpected pair of shoes: white, flat, satin Mary Janes. While these shoes are an unusual choice (we were imagining stilettos or thigh-high boots would be more the vibe) they are kind of brilliant – continuing the hyper-femme vibe of the overall look but likely being a lot easier to dance and perform in that high heels. 
Genius!!
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.