Virgin Radio
18 Jul 2024, 16:04
Credit: Getty
Pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter is bringing her highly anticipated tour across the pond! Get ready for a sweet treat in 2025 with exclusive UK and European dates.
Attention all pop diva enthusiasts! Sabrina Carpenter, the multi-talented singer-songwriter, is set to take Europe by storm with her ‘Short n’ Sweet’ tour in 2025. 
The tour will see her headlining major arenas for the first time ever, and fans are already buzzing with excitement.
Following a series of tantalising social media teases featuring Sabrina’s iconic kiss logo plastered across various venues, the pop princess has officially announced her tour dates. 
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Watch Paul Heaton and Norman Cook's brilliant 'hotel room rehearsal' for Glastonbury
Coldplay to light up Wembley with a 10-night residency
90s boy band throw hat in the ring for Eurovision 2025 as they line up ‘the perfect song’
------------------------------------
Sabrina, in all her bubbly enthusiasm, shared the news with her fans, saying: “Soooo excited to bring the Short n’ Sweet Tour to Europe & the UK!! with special guest @RachelChinouriri.”
Mark your calendars, pop lovers! Sabrina will be hitting some of the biggest and most prestigious venues, including Manchester’s Co-op Live – Europe’s largest indoor arena – the legendary O2 Arena in London, and Dublin’s 3Arena. 
The tour will also make stops at the Accor Arena in Paris, Amsterdam’s Ziggo Dome, Glasgow’s OVO Hydro, Brussels’ ING Arena, and Birmingham’s Utilita Arena throughout March 2025.
This tour announcement follows hot on the heels of the North American leg of the Short n’ Sweet Tour, which was unveiled last month. 
Sabrina is set to make her arena debut stateside, with shows at Madison Square Garden and multiple nights at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles. Talk about hitting the big leagues!
The Short n’ Sweet’tour is in support of her upcoming sixth studio album, also titled Short n’ Sweet, due for release on August 23. 
The album features hit singles Espresso and Please Please Please – tracks that have already got fans dancing and singing along in anticipation.
Now, if the frenzy over the North American tickets is anything to go by, you’ll need to be quick on the draw to snag tickets for the UK and European shows. 
The US and Canada dates sold out within hours, leaving many fans eagerly awaiting their chance to see Sabrina live. 
So, sharpen those elbows and get ready to click refresh, because these tickets are going to be hotter than a pop star's tour bus in July!
Here’s the lowdown on Sabrina Carpenter’s UK and European tour dates, so you don’t miss out on all the poptastic fun:
March 2025:
3: 3Arena, Dublin, Ireland
6: Utilita Arena, Birmingham, UK
8: The O2, London, UK
11: OVO Hydro, Glasgow, UK
13: Co-op Live, Manchester, UK
Tickets go on general sale at 10am local time on July 26 via Ticketmaster. But if you can’t wait that long, there are a few presale options to give you a head start. 
A fan presale for those who pre-order the album from Sabrina’s official store will kick off at 10am local time on July 23. 
You’ll receive your presale code and ticket link by 7pm on July 22. Additionally, a Team Sabrina presale will begin at 12pm on July 23. 
Head over to instagram.com/teamsabrina for more info.
UK fans with an O2 mobile app can take advantage of an O2 Priority sale starting at 10am on July 24. 
Simply sign up or log into your account at priority.o2.co.uk. 
Venue presales will also be available, so check your local listings for specific details.
As for the ticket prices, UK dates are priced between £58.45 – £115.20, while European shows start from €50.40. 
Whether you’re aiming for seated, standing, or the ultimate VIP experience, the exact breakdown will be confirmed once tickets go on sale.
Advertisement
Adele Roberts has shared what it has been like to be the first person to compete on Dancing On Ice...
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit