Manage your account
(This story has been updated to accurately reflect the most current information.)
Dayle Haddon, one of America's first supermodels, who later gained notoriety as an actress, and humanitarian died in Bucks County, Pennsylvania of carbon monoxide poisoning.
The 76-year-old Canadian-born icon and New York City resident was found dead Friday morning in a detached “in-law” suite on the Solebury Township property of her daughter, Ryan Haddon, and son-in-law, actor Marc Blucas.
Police were called to a home in the 6900 block of Phillips Mill Road around 6:30 a.m. Friday after a resident reported an unconscious man on the first floor of the inlaw suite, identified as Walter J. Blucas, 76, of Erie, Pennsylvania.
Blucas, the father of Marc Blucas, was airlifted to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey where he remains in critical condition, Solebury police reported Saturday.
Haddon was found in a second-floor bedroom and pronounced dead at the scene.
The Bucks County Coroner conducted an external examination of Haddon's body, but her cause and manner of death is listed as pending until results of toxicology tests are returned and analyzed, the office said in a release Saturday.
Police found a high level of carbon monoxide present in the residence when first responders arrived. A preliminary investigation indicates a faulty flue and exhaust pipe on a gas heating system cause a carbon monoxide leak, Solebury police said Saturday.
Two medics were also transported to Doylestown Hospital for carbon monoxide exposure and a Solebury Township Police Officer was treated at the scene, police said.
"This tragic incident serves as a reminder of the importance of carbon monoxide safety precautions in our homes," the police post on Crimewatch said.
Dayle Haddon rose to prominence in the 1970s as a Sports Illustrated model. She transitioned to acting, starring in Disney’s “The World’s Greatest Athlete” and the football satire “North Dallas Forty,” alongside Nick Nolte.
Haddon went on to became a global ambassador for L’Oréal and wrote “Ageless Beauty: A Woman’s Guide to Lifelong Beauty and Well-Being.”  Her humanitarian efforts included serving as a UNICEF ambassador and founding WomenOne, a nonprofit dedicated to advancing educational opportunities for girls and women.
The Solebury Township property belongs to Ryan Haddon, a former journalist, and her husband, Marc Blucas, known for his roles in “Buffy the Vampire Slayer,” “Blue Bloods,” and the film “First Daughter.”
Ryan Haddon was previously married to actor Christian Slater before her 2009 wedding to Blucas.
On Instagram, Ryan Haddon remembered her mother as a bright light, "Shining somewhere as radiantly as ever where it’s most needed, I have no doubt."
"She was a woman in her power, yet soft and attentive to all. Deeply creative and curious, gifted with beauty inside and out. Always kind and thoughtful," Ryan Haddon wrote.
"In conversation, she could go to the deepest of places and also soar the highest heights of spiritual understanding. She held so many up, saw their greatness sometimes hidden to them, and always built bridges with her own connections to help them ascend. She was everyone’s greatest champion. An inspiration to many.
"I always trust the timing of things. There are no accidents and certainly how we enter and exit this world is mystical and unknowable. She was a high-hearted spiritual being that put value on her soul’s evolution, so I know her journey here in this dimension must have been complete.
"I honor her. I bow to her. I revere all the paths and adventures taken. I saw her be golden and always reach for the Light in all areas of her life."
Solebury Township is a scenic and affluent community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, just outside Philadelphia.
At just under 27 square miles, it’s just a short drive from New Hope, a vibrant riverside town known for arts, dining, and cultural attractions.
The township and its surrounding areas in Bucks County have become home to celebrities and notable figures. Pop star Pink and actress-singer Sabrina Carpenter come from the nearby Doylestown and Quakertown areas. Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper also live in Solebury.
Carbon monoxide poisoning happens when someone breathes in too much carbon monoxide (CO), a deadly gas you can’t see, smell, or taste. It’s often caused by faulty appliances, like furnaces or gas stoves, or by running engines in enclosed spaces.
Even small amounts of CO can make you feel dizzy, nauseous, or confused, while high levels can quickly lead to unconsciousness or death. Because it’s impossible to detect without a CO alarm, it’s known as the “silent killer.”
This article originally appeared on Bucks County Courier Times: Dayle Haddon dies in Bucks CountyM; what is carbon monoxide poisoning?