An ambitious girlie.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Sabrina Carpenter LOVES Halloween, and since she wasn't playing a show on Oct. 31, she grabbed the next best opportunity with two hands.
At her Short n' Sweet tour stop in Dallas on Oct. 30, the popstar came out on stage in not one, not two, but three separate Halloween costumes—each cuter than the next.
Carpenter performed Olivia Newton-John's "Hopelessly Devoted to You" while dressed as Sandy from Grease, as seen in fan footage posted to TikTok. For this custom look by Patou, the star wore a skintight black off-the-shoulder catsuit paired with red mary-janes.
She also showed off the cutest Tinkerbell costume ever, in a neon green shiny mini dress, angel wings, and sparkly green platforms with bubbles on them.
Last but certainly not least, Carpenter came out on stage in a white towel with sparkles on the inside, which she promptly discarded to show off a Playboy bunny costume, which was custom Victoria's Secret—made up of a strapless black glittery bodysuit, a black glitter bowtie, white wrist cuffs and the signature bunny ears, paired with black sparkly babies.
Wearing the outfit in a TikTok video, Carpenter lip-synched to a scene from 2008 movie The House Bunny, in which Anna Faris plays a Playboy bunny who ends up living in a sorority house. Two timeless icons, TBH.
It's well known that Halloween is a major holiday for the "Espresso" singer.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
A while back, she went as Canadian-tuxedo Britney and Justin with actor Griffin Gluck.
Last year, she went as Rapunzel, or as she put it, "vague ambiguous long haired princess"
vague ambiguous long haired princess 
And also last year, she gave her best Cher from Clueless impression with Amber Mark as her Dionne.
Kim and North 
Some of her other costumes from years past include: Emma Stone's character from Easy A, Jennifer Coolidge's character from A Cinderella Story when she comes out of the tanning bed, sexy UPS delivery person, Lindsay Lohan's character from Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, and many more. I just know heretofore Halloween queen Heidi Klum is trembling somewhere.
Iris Goldsztajn is a London-based journalist, editor and author. She is the morning editor at Marie Claire, and her work has appeared in the likes of British Vogue, InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Refinery29 and SELF. Iris writes about everything from celebrity news and relationship advice to the pitfalls of diet culture and the joys of exercise. She has many opinions on Harry Styles, and can typically be found eating her body weight in cheap chocolate.

The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


Right this way to chic and sweet fragrances.
Right this way to sophisticated sweetness.


Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Cyrus played a role in discovering Carpenter when the "Espresso" singer was just 10 years old.


"I had literally no idea that anyone would like it, but I liked it, and that was kind of all that mattered to me in that moment, and something I try to remember over and over again," she says of releasing the song when she did in spite of her worries.


Thank you for "Bed Chem" and an unhinged music video.


And other celebs will make a cameo, too!


And she arrested him!


Spoiler alert: Ari did her utmost to be totally off-key.


Ugh.


"It is very, very, very early. It’s technically stage zero."


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.