By CAMPBELL GREAVES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  04:14, 1 March 2024   |  Updated:  05:17, 1 March 2024   
 9
View  comments
The mother who was invited by Taylor Swift's dad to join the VIP tent has spoken out about the heartwarming moment.
The touching gesture occurred at Swift's final Sydney concert on Monday - just hours before Scott 'Papa' Swift allegedly assaulted a local photographer.
Central Coast local Katie Patching was seated in a restricted view section with her three daughters aged four, six and 13.
The mother told Triple M's Paddy & Maz that she had to hold her two youngest daughters by her hip because they could not see the singer: 'I just had to chuck them on my hip because they couldn't see anything,'.
'Security just came over to us and said, "Do you want to come into VIP with Scott Swift?" It didn’t really register to be honest. I was just so focused on the stage,' she shared. 
The mother who was invited by Taylor Swift's dad to join the VIP tent has spoken out about the heartwarming moment
The mother of three revealed she burst into tears when Scott approached, praising the 'sweet' man: 'They were so lovely. Like, Scott even was moving the seats forward to the front of the barrier for the girls, so they could be as close as possible.'
Katie told the radio hosts that Sabrina Carpenter was also present in the VIP section prompting her 13-year-old to 'freak out'. 
'It's something we will never forget. This is something we’ll be talking about in twenty years when the girls are older'. 
The touching gesture occurred at Swift's final Sydney concert on Monday - just hours before Scott 'Papa' Swift allegedly assaulted a local photographer
A TikTok Swiftie posted the clip to the platform, which shows Scott in the foreground of a packed crowd, chatting to security and then pointing out to the young mother and her kids. 
The security guards then approached the mother and escorted her into the VIP section, on the orders of Swift.
Swifties praised Scott's extraordinary act of kindness online.
'No words for how awesome Scott Swift is,' one fan gushed and a second person added: 'I started crying. What a deserving mum.' 
The mother of three revealed she burst into tears when Scott approached, praising the 'sweet' man: 'They were so lovely. Like, Scott even was moving the seats forward to the front of the barrier for the girls, so they could be as close as possible,'
A TikTok Swiftie posted the clip to the platform, which shows Scott in the foreground of a packed crowd, chatting to security and then pointing out to the young mother and her kids

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group