By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  12:41, 21 February 2024   |  Updated:  21:26, 21 February 2024   
 38
View  comments
Taylor Swift literally stopped traffic on Tuesday night when she stepped out for dinner in Sydney.
The global superstar shocked onlookers at Pellegrino 2000, a neighbourhood trattoria located in Surry Hills.
Now a patron on the night has revealed what the singer, 34, is really like in person, far away from her stage persona. 
Marketing consultant Chris Melotti told news.com.au on Wednesday Swift was gracious and kind to everyone in the restaurant she interacted with - and his video taken at his table shows her thanking a waitress.
'She did thank all the staff, which was lovely, and she was absolutely beautiful! Her aura and persona was beautiful,' he said.
He went on to say he only realised she was dining in the restaurant when he noticed a crowd growing outside. 
'All the girls were crying around us! Everyone was going, "Oh my god," and seeing her impact was interesting!' he told the publication.
 Mr Melotti also took to TikTok on the night to share footage of the superstar as she was leaving.
The short clip, which has racked up over 6,800 likes, shows Taylor coming up the restaurant's stairs and quickly passing by his table.
Taylor was also photographed on her night out in Sydney, looking every inch the hipster local, opting for a low-key black gypsy top paired with a brown suede skirt for the outing. 
The Shake It Off hitmaker accessorised her off-duty look with a delicate necklace, and a jet black belt to cinch in her waist. 
Taylor wore her blonde locks natural for her night out on the town, and highlighted her famous visage with a classic makeup palette consisting of a defined eye and statement lip.
Mr Melotti also took to TikTok on the night to share footage of the superstar as she was leaving. The short clip, which has racked up over 6800 likes, shows Taylor coming up the restaurant's stairs and quickly passing by his table. Pictured 
Taylor was also photographed on her night out in Sydney, looking every inch the hipster local, opting for a low-key black gypsy top paired with a brown suede skirt for the outing 
'All the girls were crying around us! Everyone was going, "Oh my god," and seeing her impact was interesting!' he told the publication 
The one-woman economy made the most of her night off with fellow singer Sabrina Carpenter, who is currently supporting Taylor on her sell-out Eras Tour. 
The Girl Meets World star dazzled in a red minidress with white fringe detailing and simple back tights.
Sabrina accessorised her look with a classic Louis Vuitton handbag, and carried a black leather look jacket to protect herself from the unpredictable Sydney weather of late. 
The Pennsylvania-born native wore her flash of blonde hair dead straight for her night out in the hip inner city suburb.
Taylor is currently enjoying four days of rest and relaxation in the Harbour City after her Eras Tour took Melbourne by storm, selling out three days at the famed MCG.
The megastar jetted into Sydney on Monday afternoon and is staying at Crown's presidential villa in Barangaroo.
On Tuesday morning, her private jet took to the skies on a flight bound for Honolulu, amid reports its headed there to pick up her NFL star beau Travis Kelce. 
Taylor, 34, looked every inch the hipster local, opting for a low-key black gypsy top paired with a brown suede skirt for the outing
The Shake It Off hitmaker accessorised her off-duty look with a delicate necklace, and a jet black belt to cinch in her waist
Taylor wore her blonde locks natural for her night out on the town, and highlighted her famous visage with a classic makeup palette consisting of a defined eye and statement lip
Taylor seen here exiting the establishment behind Sabrina Carpenter
Taylor rocked her trademark style as she made her way down the street
The one-woman economy made the most of her night off with fellow singer Sabrina Carpenter, who is currently supporting Taylor on her sell-out Eras Tour. Pictured
The Girl Meets World star dazzled in a red minidress with white fringe detailing 
Sabrina accessorised her look with a classic Louis Vuitton handbag, and carried a black leather look jacket to protect herself from the unpredictable Sydney weather of late
Kelce dropped a huge hint that he could head Down Under on this week's episode of his New Heights podcast, claiming that he would 'venture to an island real soon' with the best ones being 'south' of the US.
He added that next week's podcast is a pre-recorded guest episode which he is not featured in, which led fans to believe he would join his girlfriend in Sydney – and maybe travel with her to Singapore for her shows in the first week of March.
Rumours are also heating up that Swift and Kelce will enjoy enjoy a romantic holiday together in Queensland during their time Down Under.
Swift is set to perform four shows in Sydney from Friday, February 23 to Monday February 26.
Taylor brought her star power to the Italian restaurant, shocking staff and fellow diners
The restaurant is favoured by the likes of Channel Nine's Sylvia Jeffreys, controversial podcaster Abbie Chatfield and Channel Seven's Samantha Armytage. Pictured: Inside Pellegrino 2000
Taylor is currently enjoying four days of rest and relaxation in the Harbour City after her Eras Tour took Melbourne by storm, selling out three days at the famed MCG
The megastar, 34, jetted into Sydney from Melbourne on Monday afternoon and is staying at Crown's presidential villa in Barangaroo
On Tuesday morning, her private jet took to the skies on a flight bound for Honolulu, amid reports its headed there to pick up her NFL star beau Travis Kelce
Kelce dropped a huge hint that he could head Down Under on this week's episode of his New Heights podcast, claiming that he would 'venture to an island real soon' with the best ones being 'south' of the US 
Rumours are also heating up that Swift and Kelce will enjoy enjoy a romantic holiday together in Queensland during their time Down Under. Both pictured 
Swift took off in her getaway car ahead of performing four shows in Sydney. Her sold out dates in the Harbour City kick off on Friday, February 23 and conclude Monday, February 26

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group