The Chiefs tight end referenced Swift's hit song to describe the falling out between quarterback Kenny Pickett and the Steelers
Patrick Smith/Getty 
 Travis Kelce showed off his best Taylor Swift impression when he referenced his girlfriend's song "Bad Blood" recently.

 Kelce, 34, sent social media into a tizzy when a clip of him breaking into song on a new episode of New Heights with Jason and Travis Kelce made the rounds on social media on Wednesday.

 The Kansas City Chiefs tight end and his brother, Jason, 36, were discussing quarterback Kenny Pickett's rocky exit from the Pittsburgh Steelers after the team traded Pickett, 25, to Jason's former team, the Philadelphia Eagles on Friday.

 According to multiple reports, including ESPN and NFL.com, Pickett reacted negatively to the Steelers' decision to sign quarterback Russell Wilson earlier this month. The tension reportedly led to a falling out between Pickett and Pittsburgh.

 The tight end took the opportunity to reference his girlfriend's hit song "Bad Blood" from her album 1989 to describe the situation with Pickett.

 "Kenny and the Steelers, their relationship ended in a little 'baaad blood,' " the NFL star sang to the tune of Swift's song.

Tim Nwachukwu/Getty
 When ESPN's Adam Schefter initially reported Wilson's deal with the Steelers, Travis supported the move in a prior episode of New Heights. "Shoutout to Russ, man. Get another new start," he said after his brother Jason read the report.

 "He had a similar situation in Seattle," Travis continued. "Great defense. Get you a run game. Got Najee Harris in there to hand that ball off to and got a young tight end in Pat [Freiermuth]."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 The reference to Swift's song isn't too much of a surprise after the NFL star saw her perform the hit song in concert multiple times since the Chiefs won the 2024 Super Bowl in February.

 While the "Bad Blood" singer was performing shows on her Eras Tour in Sydney, Australia, Kelce and his friend Ross Travis flew out to visit Swift. Along with Swift's tour opener Sabrina Carpenter, the group visited the Sydney Zoo on their trip.

 Kelce and his pal Travis, 31, were also spotted attending back-to-back nights of the Eras Tour in Singapore, where they traveled with the athlete's manager, André Eanes and Eanes' wife Amanda Santa.

Marcelo Endelli/TAS23/Getty, Leon Bennett/Getty
 Kelce's friend Harry Clark also shared a Boomerang video of himself wearing an Eras Tour wristband on his Instagram Story and tagged the Singapore venue, National Stadium, as his location. The post was followed by a video of Swift performing on stage with the caption, "GO TAY TAY."

 During the Singapore show, Kelce was spotted grooving to another one of his favorite Swift songs, "Look What You Made Me Do" from her 2017 album Reputation. In video footage posted on X taken from the stands, the tight end smiled and swayed to the performance alongside friends outside a suite.

 With Swift on a lengthy break from shows and Kelce in the midst of the NFL offseason, the couple recently enjoyed some downtime in Los Angeles.

 A source recently told PEOPLE that the couple is "still very happy" and are "so cute together" as they cut down on public appearances during their breaks from work.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)