We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
This is how the pop icon stays happy and healthy
It's official: 2024 has been the year of Sabrina Carpenter﻿ – and truly, we're not even slightly mad at it. Known as much for her catchy lyrics as she is her impressive world tour﻿ and energetic dance routines, it's safe to say that Sabby Carps has been busy. Luckily, it sounds like she's been prioritising her health and wellbeing, which will no doubt help her to stay on top of such a hectic schedule.
But what exactly is Sabrina Carpenter's workout routine? And what is she eating to fuel herself while sprinkling her musical magic all around the globe? Read on to take a deep-dive about what we know so far. 
Oh, and P.S! We're not claiming everyone should look exactly like Sabrina (although obviously she is absolutely fire). It's simply a sneaky look at our fave's fitness routine in order to get a little inspiration to pep up our own, and maybe even encourage trying out a new recipe or two. If you're worried about your relationship with food, exercise or your body image, please reach out to Beat, the eating disorder charity, or Mind, the mental health charity, for support.
Duh! Name a celeb who isn't on the Pilates hype right now (we'll wait) – and for good reason too. Pilates is incredible for building strength, lengthening and toning muscles, and de-stressing, along with helping to improve your balance.
Sabrina confessed in an interview with Marie Claire﻿ that while she doesn't take exercising super seriously, she does love a class with friends and a trip to the Pilates studio, and has previously posted a snap of herself on a reformer bed. A bit of socialising while sweating? We're game!
"I'm a little [casual] with exercise. It’s not an every day thing by any means, but I try to balance it out however I can, and at least once or twice a week do something a little bit more disciplined," the singer explained. "I will take a class of some sort, or do a workout at home. I'll go to Pilates sometimes with friends of mine. I love working out with friends, because it makes me feel like I’m not working out."
﻿A video﻿ of Sabrina and her sister, Sarah, working out together in New York's infamous Dogpound gym shows the pair sporting ankle weights while giving their all to donkey kicks, kettlebell squats and more. Clearly, she's a fan of making bodyweight moves go the distance.
﻿Shop a pair of ankle weights here to make your next workout that little bit spicier: 
Not only is Sabrina famed for her voice, but her on-stage dance routines are epic – and the choreography will have certainly required plenty of practice. Not only is dancing a great form of cardiovascular fitness, but ﻿it's a major stress reliever too (hello endorphins, we heart you).﻿
Back in August, the Espresso singer posted a snap of her getting her zen on in a Sun Homes sauna, which reportedly helps to reduce inflammation and stress, while boosting the immune system (although the evidence around these claims is still flimsy/in its infancy). Who knows if Sabrina has her own infrared sauna at home or if she was just borrowing a friend's, but if she does (sadly) they don't come cheap: Sun Homes' offerings begin from $5,299 (£5,203).
Few things in life offer as much peace as a bubble bath, and Sabrina knows that more than most. "﻿﻿I do love a bath," she says. "I think baths have been a life-saver to me." Amen. After all, one study﻿ found that having regular baths might be just as effective on easing depression as physical exercise (!).
Unsurprisingly given her career and talents as a songwriter, Sabrina has previously shared that music is the key to helping her through lonely and stressful times. "Writing music has been my self-care," she told ﻿Marie Claire. "If I’m alone and I’m really stressed, I will be at my piano for hours on end."
In a BTS video of her morning routine with ELLE﻿, Sabrina shared that she starts her day by waking naturally (no alarms here, thanks!) and inhaling some energising oils via her diffuser. ﻿"I have these energetic oils that are supposed to wake me up essentially, so they're working - because here I am!" 
﻿She then moves on to affirmations, reminding herself of what to be grateful for in her life and to be present in the moment.
Shockingly, there's not an espresso in sight: Sabrina prefers to start her day with a good cup of green tea first thing. "There's so many benefits of drinking green tea," she shared in a video with﻿ ELLE﻿ – and she wasn't wrong! Green tea boosts circulation, gives a natural shot of energy and is known for being anti-inflammatory.
She also loves a yerba-maté tea, saying in one ﻿﻿interview﻿﻿, "My fans know that I have a very terrible obsession with yerba-maté, an Argentinian tea. It's been an addiction for quite some time now."
﻿Previously, Sabrina has confessed﻿ in an interview that she had chicken fingers and ketchup for breakfast (a bold move, I'm sure we can all agree), and she's also posted﻿ in the past about her love of a good chicken fajita (using her dad's recipe - cute!). 
Sabrina's love for smoothies has even extended to a collab with boujee US grocery store, Erewhon (much like Olivia Rodrigo﻿ and Hailey Bieber﻿ before her)﻿ – her 'Short n' Sweet' smoothie is a blend of tropical fruits, strawberries, coconut cream, vanilla oat milk, spirulina, honey and collagen. Short and sweet indeed.
 Jennifer Savin is Cosmopolitan UK's multiple award-winning Features Editor, who was crowned Digital Journalist of the Year for her work tackling the issues most important to young women. She regularly covers breaking news, cultural trends, health, the royals and more, using her esteemed connections to access the best experts along the way. She's grilled everyone from high-profile politicians to A-list celebrities, and has sensitively interviewed hundreds of people about their real life stories. In addition to this, Jennifer is widely known for her own undercover investigations and campaign work, which includes successfully petitioning the government for change around topics like abortion rights and image-based sexual abuse. Jennifer is also a published author, documentary consultant (helping to create BBC’s Deepfake Porn: Could You Be Next?) and a patron for Y.E.S. (a youth services charity). Alongside Cosmopolitan, Jennifer has written for The Times, Women’s Health, ELLE and numerous other publications, appeared on podcasts, and spoken on (and hosted) panels for the Women of the World Festival, the University of Manchester and more. In her spare time, Jennifer is a big fan of lipstick, leopard print and over-ordering at dinner. Follow Jennifer on Instagram, X or LinkedIn.
How to cut back on booze and be a mindful drinker
How long should it take to walk 10,000 steps?
Here's why everyone is giving aerial yoga a go
7 health goals that don't involve weight loss
Is oat milk good – or bad – for you? 
'The only 2025 health trend I'm interested in'
Experts on what to eat before a night of boozing
Our honest take on activewear brand Halara
13 chic and sustainable activewear picks to shop
"I tried a 9pm bedtime to beat tiredness..."
All 10 reasons why you might have sore nipples
What it's like to take an eyetest on the internet
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.