Plus some affordable Amazon dupes!
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Current mood: still freaking out about Sabrina Carpenter's iconic Coachella 2024 Weekend 1 performance. Who's with me? From her sweet blue motel set and her angelic voice to her waving at Barry Keoghan in the crowd and all her fabulous outfit changes, it's safe to say that the Cosmo digital cover star knocked it out of the park for her Coachella debut. But aside from her unforgettable set, people can't stop gushing over her day-after-festival look.
The singer-songwriter was seen with Barry, Taylor Swift, and Travis Kelce (the usual crew, NBD) watching Ice Spice perform in a chic dark brown leather jacket and cowboy boots combo paired with eyeglasses from the QUAY x GUIZIO collaboration that gave allll the Y2K vibes. And as someone who can't leave the house without contacts, she might have convinced me to rock my eyeglasses instead... All my fellow girlies who have prescription eyesight know how major this is!
What's so cool about these timeless eyeglasses is that you can get either the non-prescription or the prescription version of the lenses. Keep in mind though that the non-prescription option is $125 and the other one is $225. Regardless, they add a sweet yet sophisticated touch to any look—whether it be an edgy, street-style moment or a preppy, academia ensemble. 
However if you don't wanna drop over $100 on specs, we totally get that! Enter: a tonnnn of Amazon dupes that 1. are nearly identical to Sabrina's and 2. cost less than $30. Plus you can score most of these with Prime shipping! A win-win.
We can't wait to see all the show-stopping fashion Sabrina has planned for Weekend 2! I’m sure I’ll be recreating all of them!!
Megan Uy is an associate shopping editor at Cosmopolitan, where she searches for the best products in all things fashion, home, beauty, sex, gifts, and more, so you don’t have to. When she’s not writing for the site, she’s whipping up some cool and trendy content for the fashion section of the print magazine. She’s been with the brand since 2019 (when she was an itty-bitty editorial fellow), and she's also written for Delish, House Beautiful, and People. Follow her on Instagram to get some BTS of the editor life and chaotic NYC content. Also, feel free to hit her up if you ever wanna discuss the madness that is TikTok. 
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
These Summer Dresses From Amazon Are Next Level
My Booty Worships These Butt-Lifting Leggings
I Tried Quince's Lounge Sets and I Need More ASAP
The Fall 2025 Jewelry Trends? So Freaking Stunning
My Search for the Perfect Black Mini Skirt 
These Top-Rated Amazon Swimsuits? Immediate Yes
What to Wear to Beyoncé’s 'Cowboy Carter' Tour
Bag Trends We’re Going To See Everywhere This Fall
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.