Sabrina Carpenter is celebrating a milestone birthday of titanic proportions.
The "Feather" singer turned 25 May 11 and marked the occasion at a party in New York City with friends and boyfriend Barry Keoghan, as seen in videos posted on TMZ and on social media. Rapper Ice Spice also shared on her Instagram Stories a clip of the birthday girl blowing out the candles on her sheet cake, which featured a Leonardo DiCaprio meme—a 2016 selfie of the Oscar winner bearing the caption, "Nooo don't turn 25 your so sexy aha."
The guest of honor also received a smaller, round cake containing the words, "Is 25 that sweet? I guess so!"—which includes lyrics from her latest single "Espresso."
The former Disney Channel star also quoted the song in her own birthday post shared on Instagram. "That's that me birthday," she wrote in the caption, alongside childhood photos of herself.
Barry, 31, commented with an emoji of a face holding back tears and an X.
Sabrina and the Saltburn actor confirmed their romance in February when they were photographed together in Los Angeles during a short break from Taylor Swift's Eras tour. The fellow singer had opened for her since summer 2023.
Later that month, Barry made their relationship Instagram official by commenting on a video Sabrina shared of herself performing with the Grammy winner onstage during her concert in Sydney, Australia. He would later go on to join her during the tour.
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
Then in March, the couple took their romance to Hollywood, attending Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party together. While they did not pose for joint photos upon their arrival, earlier this month, they made their romance red carpet official at the Met Gala.
Look back at the couple's road to romance...
February 2024: Romance Confirmed
After sparking romance rumors in December 2023, Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan fueled dating speculation when they were photographed together on a date night in Los Angeles less than two months later.
February 2024: Queen Sabrina
The Saltburn star made his relationship with the "Espresso" singer Instagram official by commenting on a video of her performing a duet with Taylor Swift in Sydney, Australia. Sabrina had opened for the Grammy winner for weeks on her Eras Tour but was unable to perform her regular set that day due to bad weather.
Barry would later go on to meet up with Sabrina during the tour.
March 2024: Post-Oscars Date
The pair attended Vanity Fair's 2024 Oscars after-party together but did not walk the red carpet together.
May 2024: Red Carpet Official
They then made their romance red carpet official at the 2024 Met Gala.
May 2024: Happy Birthday Sabrina
The "Feather" artist celebrated her 25th birthday with The Banshees of Inisherin alum, friends and a Leonardo DiCaprio meme.
June 2024: "Please, Please, Please"
If their relationship wasn't official enough already, Sabrina and Barry hard-launched through the singer's music video for "Please, Please, Please." Later, the Disney Channel alum detailed what the moment meant for her. 
"I don’t want to sound biased, but I think he’s one of the best actors of this generation," she gushed to Variety in August 2024. "So getting to see him on the screen with my song as the soundtrack made the video better and all the more special.”
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.