Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing sensation Tasha Ghouri has found an ally in her Love Island co-star Chloe Burrows, amid the controversy surrounding her dance background.
After the 26-year-old wowed with her Cha Cha performance to Sabrina Carpenter's Expresso with partner Aljaz Skorjanec last weekend, the judges awarded the dancing duo a stellar 30 points.
Despite receiving praise for her impressive performance, some viewers have voiced concerns over Tasha's prior dance experience, claiming she's at an advantage. 
Tasha, who is deaf and uses a cochlear implant, is trained in commercial dance and has competed in numerous contests as well as starring in a music video. However, she lacks formal training in Ballroom and Latin styles.
Defending her friend, Chloe, 29, has slammed claims that Tasha is at an advantage and believes she could go all the way to the end.
She said: "Tasha is going to do absolutely amazing! She will put her heart and soul into this, I want her to win," reports the Mirror.
"Obviously she's got a bit of a dancing background, well, not a bit, she's a talented dancer, she's got rhythm.
"I know she said she hasn't danced in front of live music before, so she's a bit worried about that.
"But, I think she's going to absolutely smash it. I actually think she might win, like genuinely, I think she's got it in the bag."
Acknowledging the backlash, Chloe expressed her hopes at the audience getting behind Tasha and voting.
"Tasha has got a dancing past, but she's also got a cochlear implant, which means she might be at a disadvantage to those who have danced in front of live music before," she added. 
"She's absolutely smashing it and also, that was her choice to have a dancing background, so rightly so, Strictly is the b****y show for her, why not?
"I don't think she deserves any backlash, it's completely fair and I know she's going to smash it."
Tasha herself has stressed how commercial dancing couldn't be any different to the styles she's learning on Strictly.
While rehearsing for the Cha Cha, she said just learning how to walk in the style and letting Aljaz lead the way was difficult to adjust to.
"I've got to block out that noise and luckily I've been in this industry for two years and I've grown so much stronger after Love Island there was so much negativity," she said.
"[Strictly] is my dream. It's something I've dreamt of for so long. So, I'm doing this for me and my family and my partner."
Ahead of her Strictly stint, the ex Love Island star previously worked with the show's pro Johannes Radebe presenting a dance workshop for Queen Camilla.
She was also once romantically link to axed pro Giovanni Pernice, who is currently at the centre of an ongoing internal probe following misconduct claims, which he strongly denies.
Addressing her past with Giovanni, she told The Sun: "I've met up with him a few times. But that was years ago. We are not in touch now, this is like ancient history."