Last summer was all about Barbie, but this one firmly belongs to Elle Woods.
This week we received the confirmation that Legally Blonde is making a return – not as a sequel movie but as a prequel series starring members of the original 2003 film cast including Reese Witherspoon herself. And though we have to wait until 2025 for the TV show to drop on Amazon Prime, the blonde hair colour craze has been re-alighted by just the news of the upcoming series.
So, if you're ready to go blonde for summer with your own Elle-inspired transformation, here are the top colour trends to try to suit all skin tones and hair types...
in 2003, Reese's hair colour when she was playing Elle Woods would just have been classed as a 'light blonde', but these days, we have a more specific description of it: a linen blonde.
"Think soft, creamy shades, natural and slightly cooler in tone, that resemble your favourite beige linen outfit. It’s characterized as being quite soft, understated and chic, much like the clothing material," explains creative stylist Michael Gray at John Frieda. "To achieve this shade, you want to look at a partial colouring of the hair. It won’t require a full transformation if you are starting from a fairly neutral standpoint – we’re looking at techniques like lightening, partial highlights, lowlights and balayage."
The shade was worn at the Met Gala this year by Brie Larson and Rebecca Ferguson (and previously by Margot Robbie). Their Schwarzkopf Professional hair colourist, Jacob Schwartz, is the mastermind behind the shade and he's since sent us a description of what to ask for yourself if you fancy a gold and gorgeous transformation.
He explains: "My version of the expensive "Monday blonde”, I call 'spun with gold' and involves a meticulously thorough amount of micro highlights throughout the entire hair. It’s the perfect amount of light and dark blended to give extra life to the hair."
Look to Sabrina Carpenter for inspo of this hue. “Many of us, especially blondes and lighter-toned brunettes, like to brighten up our look as we come out of the doom and gloom of winter. Lighter evenings and brighter days mean people want a fresher colour, and the tone we’re going to be seeing most of is a creamy neutral,” Samantha Cusick from Samantha Cusick London salons explains. “A Bali blonde is punchy enough to offer that brightness but also not particularly ashy. It’s sun-kissed and fresh.”
“This colour is an in-between of a biscuit and a champagne blonde,” Samantha says. “It’s a neutral tone that pulls through slightly more golden tones than a creamy blonde. This shade is great for anyone who doesn’t want to fight against the natural warm tones in their hair because it can be hard to stay super ashy if your base colour isn’t naturally cool or neutral. A teddy will stay within your colour palette while still offering you a clean, fresh feel.” If you want a celebrity example to take in as a reference at your hair appointment, Rihanna is wearing the shade currently.
Keep your blonde tone from going brassy with these DIY toning essentials...
Amika Bust Your Brass Cool Blonde Intense Repair Hair Mask, £22 here 
Amika’s Bust Your Brass intense repair hair mask is not only great for keeping those unwanted brass tones away from blonde hair, but the moisturising ingredients help to strengthen and repair any damaged strands. Use this mask once a week if you’re a natural blonde looking to get rid of any brassy hues or once every other wash if you’ve got colour-treated blonde.
Olaplex Bye-Bye Brass Cleansing Kit, £51 here
Although on the pricier side, Olaplex products are definitely worth the investment if you want to maintain healthy-looking hair. This shampoo and conditioner kit helps to support an even tone from root to tip, cancelling out those yellow, brassy tones. When used together, they are also proven to provide 56% less breakage. The added bonus is that the kit comes with an Olaplex hairbrush to help with proper hair care and detangling. 
Lee Stafford’s Bleach Blondes Ice White Toning Shampoo, £8.99 here
If you’ve got platinum or bleach blonde hair and are on a budget, Lee Stafford’s Ice White Toning Shampoo is a great affordable option for removing brassy hues. The indigo-blue shade of the shampoo colour corrects out those warm tones and helps to restore the cool, icy blonde you first had. 
L'Oréal Professionnel Serie Expert Blondifier Masque, £26.20 here
L’Oreal’s Blondifier hair mask replenishes dull, brassy hair and improves overall hair health due to being packed with powerful antioxidant ingredients. The positive to using this hair mask is that it only needs to be left on for three to five minutes after shampooing to work its magic and you should see an immediate result.