Starting the festive season early, Netflix released a new Christmas film which has soared to the number one spot for films within just two weeks.
Meet Me Next Christmas was released on streaming giant Netflix on 6 November starring Christina Milian, Devale Ellis, Kofi Siriboe.
The film revolves around Layla (Milian) who is on a quest to reconnect with the man of her dreams, James (Siriboe). She ventures around New York City in search of a ticket for the sold-out Pentatonix Christmas Eve concert.
Read more: Netflix sends Sabrina Carpenter fans into frenzy with huge announcement
Two weeks since the launch of the new festive feel-good movie, X has been inundated with rave reviews, with fans celebrating the kick off of the Christmas period.
While some people felt that it was too early to be watching Christmas films, lots of people have flooded social media with exclamations of how much they love the new rom-com.
Someone wrote: “Meet me next Christmas on Netflix? Oh boy left me feeling so warm inside, lover girls neeeed to watch it!" And someone added: “Meet me next christmas is givingggg me exactly what I need from a xmas romantic comedy”.
Fans loved the film so much they wanted more. One person wrote: “Meet Me Next Christmas” deserves a sequel”, and another person said: “I need more movies like Meet Me Next Christmas. It was really a cute movie”.
People are also raving about the music from Pentatonix, an American acapella group best known for their Christmas songs. Someone said: “Adding Pentatonix to my Christmas playlist”.
Another person added: “I’m not exaggerating. My Christmas playlist is always almost all Pentatonix so a movie with them starring and the soundtrack is my dream! I’m in tears it makes me so happy.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.