Grade: 3.0/5.0
girl in red has returned all guns blazing with I’M DOING IT AGAIN BABY!, an unapologetically chaotic ten-track album ranging from high tempo pop-rock anthems to confessional ballads.
The latest release by Norwegian singer-songwriter Marie Ulven is a departure from her previous works, trading in the airy melodies of previous hits like “we fell in love in october” and “i wanna be your girlfriend” for punchy lyricism and powerful instrumentals. While the album is meant to be an unfiltered glimpse into Ulven’s self-described ‘mental disarray,’ though, it can’t help but feel entirely too disorganized and incohesive. 
The album opens with “I’m Back,” an honest account of Ulven’s mental state since the recording of her last album. While acknowledging her continuing sadness, Ulven is filled with optimism for the future — a sentiment that colors the upbeat nature of the rest of the album. 
Ulven’s knack for no-holds-barred self-awareness has led her to produce poignant tracks about love, mental health and self-sabotage. In her first studio album titled if i could make it go quiet, the song “Serotonin” received praise for its openness about the singer's struggle with intrusive thoughts. While I’M DOING IT AGAIN BABY! is similarly about Ulven’s fluctuating emotions, the album feels like a watered-down follow-up to the sincerity of her previous works.
The experimental instrumentals in the title track “DOING IT AGAIN BABY” demonstrate girl in red’s newfound confidence as an artist. In an interview with Apple Music, Ulven notes that the song is about experiencing an emotional high and feeling on top of the world. This optimism is complemented by an upbeat sonic production that includes the strums of a banjo and an electric guitar, crafting a unique sound that stands out from her previous works. However, Ulven seems more interested in creating something sonically novel than she is with constructing a thoughtful narrative. With lines like “Got my Ray-Bans on and I’m rolling with the boys / Having all this swagger was never a choice,” the song does not live up to its lyrical potential.
Some songs, however, strike a perfect balance. “Phantom Pain” is the album’s shining star, with the track exhibiting lyrical originality and a sonically interesting composition. Opening with classical strings which transition into synths, the song explores the interplay between love and hate, a combination of angsty sentiments and comedic delusion. For example, the rock-and-roll instrumentals as Ulven sings “I wish I never met you in the first place” abruptly shift into romantic harps. Ulven begins to sing “Mi amor, mi amor / je t’aime, I adore / every part of your face” in an almost operatic fashion while birds can be heard chirping in the background. The song is a paragon of the experimentation that the album sought to capture. 
Amid the twenty-eight minute long rollercoaster that is I’M DOING IT AGAIN BABY!, girl in red’s new sound has produced future classics for the singer’s discography. “You Need Me Now?” featuring Sabrina Carpenter is a catchy composition about leaving a toxic partner, only for them to try and return once she’s finally moved on. The song was teased on TikTok prior to the album’s release, generating excitement from both artist’s fanbases. While certainly more mainstream than Ulven’s past works, the song’s bold, embittered lyrics sung over vibrant electric guitar make one want to get up and dance. Straying from the “sad girl music” that girl in red is known for producing, “You Need Me Now?” is alt-pop fun. 
This isn’t to say that the album shies away from heavy topics. Ulven returns to ruminating over her self-sabotaging tendencies in “Ugly Side,” a song about treating the people she loves the most poorly despite herself. In a similar vein, “Pick Me” is a vulnerable ballad about the insecurities she faces while being in a relationship with a bisexual woman, particularly manifesting in her jealousy toward men. Though the album might struggle to find a cohesive voice, girl in red nevertheless maintains her authenticity.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: