Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.

President-elect Donald Trump has picked Matthew Whitaker, who has no foreign policy experience, to represent America's interests as his ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Whitaker worked in the Justice Department during Trump's first presidential term, initially as chief of staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and then briefly as acting attorney general. NATO is one of the many national and global institutions Trump has criticized over the years. He has argued that the U.S. was shouldering an oversized burden while European allies failed to pay their fair share.

The 2024 election turnout rate could be the third highest in a century. Republicans did well: They won control of the House, Senate and the presidency, contradicting conventional political wisdom that suggests high turnout favors Democrats. 

The Danish navy has stopped a Chinese cargo ship named Yi Peng 3 as part of an investigation into a possible act of sabotage. Earlier this week, undersea cables carrying internet traffic across the Baltic Sea were severed. Yi Peng 3 left a Russian port on the Baltic Sea six days ago and passed over a cable connecting Sweden and Lithuania on Sunday. Shortly after that, the cable operator noticed it had stopped working and later found that the cable was severed. On Monday, the same ship passed over a cable connecting Finland and Germany. Two minutes later, that cable stopped working, and the operator also found it had been cut. Moritz Brake, a marine security expert, told German public media that over 90% of the world's data traffic runs over sea cables like these, meaning someone is trying to show they can destroy the connectivity within our societies. 

Over the last few years and through this year's contentious campaign season, there has been a coarsening in the way people talk to each other. Reporters across the NPR Network are looking for examples of people working through their differences. These stories explore how some people are trying to bridge divides.

In Port Angeles, the biggest town in Clallam County, Wash., an informal group of community members have met regularly for about 30 years to discuss disagreements. Although their political views often differ, they appreciate the conversations that emerge from these discussions. Anyone in the community is welcome to attend. Many participants enjoy having a common space where they can have their ideas challenged, learn from one another and engage in face-to-face interactions. Read about how this year's election brought new strain — and new commitment — to group members. 

A lurking issue behind this week's climate change negotiations in Baku, Azerbaijan, is whether Earth has heated to near, or beyond, 1.5 Celsius above preindustrial temperatures. One of the main objectives outlined in the 2015 Paris Agreement, which most countries accepted, is to limit global warming to below this threshold. However, new analyses, scientific studies and international reports indicate this goal is becoming difficult to achieve. The challenge arises from countries delaying, reversing or failing to implement measures to reduce fossil fuel emissions. 

This newsletter was edited by Suzanne Nuyen.

 Copyright 2024 NPR