Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





Please, please, presents! Sabrina Carpenter is serving holiday cheer at Netflix this year. A Nonsense Christmas With Sabrina Carpenter will debut on the streamer on December 6th at 9 p.m. ET / 6 p.m. PT. Per Tudum, the special will feature tracks off her holiday EP, fruitcake. It includes a festive version of “Nonsense,” with such lines as “Look at all those presents, that’s a big sack / Boy, that package is too big to gift wrap.” But what else does Carpenter have up her festive sleeve? Here’s the latest developments including who’s coming over to celebrate with her and how long it is.
“Christmas is coming early this year, I wouldn’t count on a silent night,” Carpenter says in the trailer that premiered just before her final Short n’ Sweet concert in Los Angeles. But is it really a Christmas special if you’re not serving looks? Thankfully, she’s got it locked down. Giving a little preview of what’s to come, Carpenter wears a “Diamonds are a girl’s best friend” inspired pink dress for one of the performances before eventually contemplating between outfits that are “for the girls” or “for the gays.”
A Nonsense Christmas will also feature special guests, including duets with Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain, Kali Uchis, and cameos from Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Nico Hiraga, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele, Jillian Bell, and of course Santa. Maybe Barry Keoghan will surprise us all in an “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus” scenario; maybe other stuff, who’s to say! “I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show,” Carpenter told Netflix during the initial announcement, “infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”
Per Tudum,  A Nonsense Christmas will somehow squeeze all those guests into a runtime of just 50 minutes. That’s about 17 “Espresso”s … short n’ sweet, some might even say!
There was a time when all the celebs had holiday specials. Could you really say you were famous if you didn’t sing an oddly homoerotic version of “A Marshmallow World” with Dean Martin? Carpenter joins an illustrious list of folks trying to bring the Christmas special back, like Stephen Colbert, Kacey Musgraves, and Sofia Coppola. For her effort, more dumb Sabrina Carpenter Christmas puns we came up with while processing this news:
➽ You’ll just have to taste me / ’neath the mistletoe➽ Who’s the cute boy with the corn-cob pipe and the button nose?➽ I’m at the North Pole, and you’re not!➽ That’s that me Ebenezer➽ He’s working late, ’cause he is Santa➽ I beg you, don’t say I’m naughty, motherfucker➽ Idk, something horny about a Yule log going all night
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?