We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"It's time."
Camila Cabello has unveiled a bleach blonde hair transformation.
The singer and actress took to Instagram to show off her new hair colour, trading her trademark brunette locks for a platinum look.
"It's time," Cabello captioned the post, alongside a close-up Reel of the herself posing for selfies using a handheld camera.
Fans quickly took to the comments section to share their love for her lighter look, likening the star to singers Sabrina Carpenter and Christina Aguilera. "Blonde bombshell pop star era incoming," one person wrote. 
Related: Joe Wicks reveals wife is pregnant with fourth child
"You rock that blonde!!!!" another fan added, while a third said they were "screaming crying throwing up".
Chart-topping singer Olivia Rodrigo commented: "YESSSSSS", while Barbie star Issa Rae added: "I know that's right!"
Celebrity hair stylist Nikki Lee also shared a video of the bold hair transformation to her Instagram feed, writing: "Blonde Camila. It was a process, but we did it!"
In 2021, the former Fifth Harmony singer made her movie debut in Prime Video's Cinderella, where she played the titular character opposite Nicholas Galitzine's Prince Charming.
Related: Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss announces pregnancy
The musical also features appearances from Pierce Brosnan as King Rowan and Minnie Driver as Queen Beatrice, while James Corden, John Mulaney and Romesh Ranganathan play the three mice who are magically transformed into footmen.
Cabello continued her career on the big screen last year, as she joined the stacked voice cast of Trolls 3. The Trolls World Tour sequel saw the 'Havana' popstar play main character Poppy's (Anna Kendrick) long-lost older sister. Justin Timberlake also returned as fan-favourite troll Branch. 
Cinderella is available to stream on Amazon Prime. Trolls 3 is available to watch digitally on Prime Video, iTunes and the Microsoft Store.
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

Hugh Jackman’s sheep mystery movie gets update
Popular crime series cancelled after five seasons
Lorraine Kelly reveals she’s having surgery
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.