National Breakup Day is tomorrow and that means your relationship could likely end out of blue. Yes, that's right December 11 is apparently the unofficial 24 hours where it's prime time for couples to call it quits before Christmas.
Along with the mounting pressure of the Christmas period and reflecting on the past year with the new one in sight, the first 11 days of December are seen as the moral guideline for breaking up with your partner.
Anything after that might be a bit of a savage move - hence why tomorrow (Wednesday) is the most popular day to break hearts. And that means you should have a long hard think today before you have to endure a Christmas in a relationship that lacks joy - before the month of 'infidelity' comes around, January.
READ MORE: Naked Attraction's Anna Richardson swears off I'm A Celeb 'every year' for simple reason
READ MORE: Why men risk relationships with gorgeous women as Sabrina Carpenter split terrifies many
Extra-martial dating site, Gleeden, revealed that the most popular month for cheating is January and so betting site Gamblizard decided to have a deeper look on whether people should take a gamble on their partner or join in with National Breakup Day.
They discovered that 'body language for lies' and 'breakup signs' have become more frequent Google searches in the past week for the lead up to tomorrow.
Good job they've enlisted body language expert Jamie Wall to help people spot the five signs that your partner could be lying and cheating. It might help you make your decision for National Breakup Day tomorrow
Let's see what Jamie has to say below...
Micro- expressions are described as the momentary reactions our faces have without even realising it. This is a good way to see whether someone's words match their actions.
Jamie explained: "For example, if you ask your partner about a night out and they quickly twitch the lip corners downwards or wrinkle their nose as if smelling something unpleasant, it could signify tension and discomfort.
"Also, watch out for random pupil changes, shifty glances, or a person looking left (if they’re right-handed), which is often linked to constructing imaginary scenarios."
If you're questioning them about something, are they literally acting shifty? Jamie admitted that liars often experience body movement changes when their wrongdoings are put under the spotlight.
The body language expert added: "When people lie, their body movements may become unbalanced. For example, they might raise one shoulder slightly or smirk with one side of the mouth higher than the other.
"Their posture may also seem unstable, like shifting weight nervously. This indicates tension in the body, often as a result of trying to suppress natural emotions like guilt or fear. Natural, confident movements don’t require extra mental effort, so they tend to be more fluid."
When we're feeling anxious or trying to hide something, humans can't help but 'self-soothe'. This is somewhat of an avoidance technique to mask how you're really feeling.
And you can tell someone is doing this by touching their face. Jamie said: "When you ask your partner a direct question about something, do they touch their nose, rub their neck, or cover their mouth while answering?
"It’s like their body is saying, “I don’t wanna talk!” Combine this observation with dodgy answers, and you might be onto something."
We've all heard of the phrase 'fake it until you make it'. Well, it's the same when someone is trying to hide something from their partner.
And it can manifest in more ways than one. The body language guru expressed: "Watch out for stiff posture, over-the-top gestures, or awkward pauses.
"Puffing the chest, standing unusually straight when the person usually slouches, over-gesturing or pausing suddenly as they try to maintain control of their narrative - these signs might betray one’s discomfort. Real confidence flows naturally, but when someone’s acting, it looks extra and offbeat."
If they've really got to think about their answer, then it could be a major red flag. Jamie said: "Extended pauses, slow reactions, or closing their eyes while thinking could be a beige flag.
"While not always a big deal, maybe they’re just tired or have a certain speaking style), it might mean something’s up."
"Like if your partner, who’s usually quick on the draw, suddenly takes extra time to answer simple questions about their weekend plans, or their facial expressions seem to lag.
"Lying takes a lot of mental energy, so slowing down may become a way to control what they say and how they appear."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.