This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
One of Sabrina Carpenter's earliest roles was playing the rebellious Maya Hart in the TV show "Girl Meets World." The show was a reboot of the '90s favorite, "Boy Meets World," and featured some of the same cast. The show aired on Disney Channel for three seasons beginning in 2014. (Mitch Haaseth/Disney Channel via Getty Images)
While acting on "Girl Meets World," Sabrina Carpenter simultaneously started to build her music career. She signed with Disney's Hollywood Records and released her first four albums with them. (Todd Wawrychuk/Disney Channel via Getty Images)
Sabrina Carpenter's first album, "Eyes Wide Open," was released in 2015. (Disney/Image Group LA via Getty Images)
Sabrina Carpenter continued to release new music following her debut album. Her album, "Evolution" came out in 2016, followed by "Singular Act I" in 2018 and "Singular Act II" in 2019. (Mike Windle/Getty Images for iHeartMedia)
Following the conclusion of "Girl Meets World," Sabrina Carpenter acted in movies like "The Hate U Give," "Tall Girl," "Clouds," "Emergency" and "Tall Girl 2." (Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic)
As Sabrina Carpenter's star power grew, she started to attend more high profile Hollywood events, including the Met Gala. (Kevin Mazur/MG22/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)
Sabrina Carpenter, left, opened for Taylor Swift during her world-famous "Eras Tour." "Espresso" and "Nonsense" were among Carpenter's hits that fans heard live during the tour. (Don Arnold/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
In April 2024, Sabrina Carpenter performed at Coachella. Carpenter played a long list of songs during her set, including "Emails I Can't Send" and "Feather." (Timothy Norris/Getty Images for Coachella)
Sabrina Carpenter went from acting on Disney Channel to performing her pop hits in front of sold-out stadiums on tour with Taylor Swift. 
Carpenter, a Pennsylvania native born on May 11, 1999, spent her earliest days in the entertainment industry appearing in "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" and lending her voice to an episode of "Phineas and Ferb." 
Carpenter's big break came with the Disney Channel TV series "Girl Meets World," a reboot to the '90s favorite, "Boy Meets World." 
FORMER DISNEY STAR SABRINA CARPENTER EMBRACES ‘DARK, WEIRD SIDES’ OF FAME, REFUSES TO BE ‘LITTLE ROBOT ANGEL’
The main cast of characters included "Boy Meets World" stars Ben Savage and Danielle Fishel, returning as Cory and Topanga. New cast members included Carpenter, Rowan Blanchard and Peyton Meyer. 
While on "Girl Meets World," Carpenter also continued to grow her music career. She originally signed with Disney's Hollywood Records, with whom she released her first four albums. These albums were "Eyes Wide Open," "Evolution," "Singular Act I" and "Singular Act II." 
She later signed with Island Records in 2021 and began to release music accompanying a more adult image. 
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Her album, "Emails I Can't Send" came out in 2022 with songs like "Vicious," "Tornado Warnings" and "Nonsense." 
Her newest album, "Short n' Sweet" came out in 2024 with songs such as "Taste," "Please Please Please" and "Espresso." 
Carpenter has headlined her own tours, and also accompanied Taylor Swift on her world-renowned "Eras Tour" as the opening act. 
On Nov. 8, 2024, Grammy Award nominations were announced, with Carpenter nominated in numerous categories. 
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP 
Carpenter's "Espresso" was nominated for record of the year and "Short n' Sweet" was nominated for album of the year. 
"Please Please Please" was nominated for song of the year, (an award which goes to the songwriter), with Carpenter also nominated for best new artist and best pop solo performance for "Espresso."
Lastly, Carpenter's "Short n' Sweet" was nominated for best pop vocal album.  
Ashlyn Messier is an Associate Editor on the SEO team for Fox News Digital. 
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.