Shawn Mendes seemingly addressed the overlap between his rekindled romance with ex Camila Cabello and his rumored fling with Sabrina Carpenter, who he sparked dating rumors with in February 2023.
It looks like Shawn Mendes thinks he could have treated Sabrina Carpenter better. 
The "Stitches" singer seemingly shared the timeline of how he reconnected with ex Camila Cabello—who he split with in 2021 following two years of dating—amid his rumored romance with the "Espresso" singer, who he was first spotted with in February 2023. 
“I’m with someone," Shawn recalled in a teaser from the Dec. 12 episode of John Mayer's SiriusXM show New Light. "Two days before going to hang with my ex, [I] express I’m going to hang with my ex because I have unresolved feelings.”
And the 26-year-old admitted that he could have given his partner at the time more of a heads up on where he stood with his ex. As he put it, "Maybe instead of two days it could have been two weeks.”
But Shawn—who was seen packing on the PDA with Camila at Coachella music festival in Palm Springs, Calif., one month after allegedly calling it quits with Sabrina in March 2023—doesn't look back on the situation as a complete negative. In fact, the "Treat You Better" singer said he walked away from the complicated period with new perspective. 
“The biggest lesson I’ve learned is no one gets out of this life without getting hurt," he shared, "and no one gets out of this life without hurting someone.” 
Shawn has never publicly confirmed his relationship with Sabrina, but fans believe the Girl Meets World actress addressed their alleged fling on her 2024 songs "Taste" and "Coincidence." On the latter track, Sabrina, 25, calls out a former flame for going to Palm Springs to spend time with "the girl you outgrew."
And as for Shawn's relationship with Camila, he previously opened up their sometimes "brutal" love story, saying the two ultimately decided they didn't work as a couple. 
"Love is a lot, but partnership is more than love and I think it has a lot to do with how you support each other in your day-to-day life and really being honest about who you are," Shawn said during a Sept. 30 appearance on the On Purpose with Jay Shetty podcast. "And making sure that someone that you're with is in support of that and doesn't have to bend themselves entirely to be in support of that and vice versa."
And Camila, 27, echoed his sentiment, revealing that she realized soon into their rekindled romance that they were "not a fit."
"Luckily, I was in a place in my life where it took me less time to realize that," she explained on a March episode of the Call Her Daddy podcast, "and it took us both less time to be like, 'This doesn't feel right and we don't really need to try so hard to make it work. It's all good.'"
Keep reading for a deeper dive into Shawn and Camila's complicated love story.
Back in 2015, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello first made headlines together not as a couple, but as a musical duet on their joint hit single, "I Know What You Did Last Summer."
Four years later, the performers' new steamy music video for their "Señorita" duet, released in June, raised eyebrows over whether there was a romance brewing behind the scenes. 
The following month, the two were spotted holding hands while out together in West Hollywood. "They were telling people they were a couple," a source told E! News at the time. Soon after, the stars were seen getting close in San Francisco. 
While the two had not publicly confirmed their relationship status, this steamy makeout in the Miami water did all the talking. 
The rumored pair rang in Mendes' 21st birthday together in August 2019, including a big kiss for the birthday boy. Cabello also declared her love for her musical beau over on Instagram. 
At the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards, Camila and Shawn stole the show with a sexy live performance of "Señorita" as viewers waited to see if they would kiss. 
After laughing off breakup rumors in October 2019, their romance was on full display as they made out courtside throughout a basketball game. 
Shawn revealed that during the pandemic, he went to Miami to live with Camila. "Something really beautiful for me came out of it, which was you're not allowed to leave," he told Zane Lowe in 2020. "I went to Miami and I was living with Camila [Cabello] and her parents and her sister." 
Relationship milestone alert: They welcomed a new member of their family after picking up a puppy named Tarzan in November 2020.
Shawn revealed he and Camila get into fights from time to time. "We definitely fight, and we get in like the worst little arguments," he said on SiriusXM's The Morning Mash Up in August. "But, like, I think that we definitely are pretty good at picking up on when it's just ego talking. And we like, usually like call each other out. We have a really honest and open relationship—but, yeah, no, we definitely fight."
Shawn was by Camila's side while she walked the red carpet for the premiere of Cinderella in September.
Shawnmila attended their first Met Gala together in 2021, wearing Michael Kors Collection looks.
The pair celebrated Halloween together in 2021, writing on social media, "Feliz día de los muertos." 
The couple announced their split on Nov. 17, 2021. As they wrote, "we've decided to end our romantic relationship but our love for on another as humans is stronger than ever." The pair added, "we started our relationship as best friends and will continue to be best friends." 
The pair reunited at Coachella in April 2023 and were seen kissing during the festival. 
Rekindling the Flame
After their Coachella moment, Shawn and Camila were spotted hanging out a few times during early summer 2023—including at a Taylor Swift concert—but ultimately called it quits once more in June. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.