The singer also chatted with the Tonight Show host about having a "heart attack" after joining the cast of the "Wicked" movie musical.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	On her promotional run for the movie musical Wicked, Ariana Grande has been talking a lot about how her starring role as Glinda is the gig of a lifetime. And while the singer has said she’s been basically prepping for this moment since she was in the single digits, that doesn’t mean she is taking it all so, so seriously.

	Which might explain why on Thursday night (Nov. 14) when she dropped by The Tonight Show to talk up the movie that will hit theaters on Nov. 22, she was happy to have a bit of fun with one of the most beloved Wizard of Oz memes of all-time. In a clip posted a few hours before airtime captioned “Ariana Grande’s sister is a witch,” Grande and Fallon recreated the 2018 “THE WICKED WITCH OF THE EAST, BRO!” clip in which two men have a seriously heated discussion about whether Glinda the Good Witch is a princess or not.

	










	In Ari’s hands, she is the overheated bro yelling, “Hold on, hold on, hold on. Her sister was a witch, right? And what was her sister? A princess, the wicked witch of the east, bro. You’re gonna look at me and you’re gonna tell me that I’m wrong? Am I wrong? She wore a crown and she came down in a bubble, Doug. Grow up bro, grow up.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Grande sold it like a champ, coming at Fallon hard while wearing a flowing pink gown as he stared at her in disbelief.

	The singer later sat down with Fallon — with the long train on her ruffled dress taking up the rest of the couch — to talk about the movie, as well as her super-viral bit from her SNL hosting stint last month in which purposely, and hilariously, sang off-key in a sketch sending up Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso.” 

	Asked if it was hard to sing off-key, Grande said it was “really fun. I really enjoyed it… it was a bit we found in the moment.” Grande said she pitched it the writers, asking if it would be funnier if her vocals got “progressively worse” as the bit went on. Speaking of SNL, Grande also talked about helping to get current cast superstar Bowen Yang a spot in Wicked, calling his performance as Pfannee “absolutely brilliant… he killed it.”

	She then recreated the call she had with SNL major domo Lorne Michaels — including a spot-on impersonation of the show boss’ dry persona — in which she nervously asked him if he could spare Yang. “In that moment I realized I don’t have what it takes to get this to happen,” Grande said. “But I did beg,” she added, describing how Yang would fly back-and-forth between SNL and the Wicked set to be a part of the two-part film.

	










	Grande has already spoken quite a bit about how she was willing to put everything else on hold when she heard that director Jon M. Chu was turning the Broadway sensation into a movie musical, saying she knew she had to “earn” the part and was willing to put her music career on hold to prepare for the role she’d coveted since she was a girl.

	Ready to take “all” the acting and singing lessons to train her voice to become a coloratura soprano, Grande recalled that she got huge support from Fallon as she was preparing to audition, which was also when she was recording the video for her collaboration with Jimmy on his holiday song “It Was a… (Masked Christmas),” also featuring Megan Thee Stallion.

	Even with all the mental preparation she did beforehand, Grande said getting cast along with Cynthia Erivo’s Elphaba sent her into overdrive. “When they called me to tell me I had the part, I had one heart attack,” Grande said. “That was the first one. And then they told me I was going to be playing opposite Cynthia Erivo, that was the second heart attack. And then I died and I’m dead. And I’m dead here. And I’m still dead.”

	She also brought along a never-before-seen video of her first rehearsal for the show-stopping swinging chandelier bit in which she almost booted a stunt coordinator in the face as she flew around in circles.

	Watch Grande on the Tonight Show below.
A post shared by The Tonight Show (@fallontonight)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.