Sabrina Carpenter's upcoming tour might be "Short n' Sweet" but the pre-sale queues are proving to be anything but.
The "Espresso" singer recently announced the 2025 UK dates for her Short n' Sweet Tour, much to the delight of fans. Unfortunately, the joy was short-lived for those who have so far failed to secure tickets in this week's presales due to long queues.
While general sale tickets are yet to be released, some pre-sales including the 02 pre-sale and pre-sale for fans who ordered her album went live on 23 July - and demand proved to be very high.
Several fans even compared the rush to the chaos that surrounded the Eras Tour pre-sales last year, with some going so far as to suggest securing Short n' Sweet tickets was more difficult.
Reacting to the sales on X, one such fan asked: "How is it harder to get Sabrina tickets than it was to get tickets for The Eras Tour????" A second replied: "I was just saying that," and another chimed in: "Real."
A different fan said: "Insane that getting eras tour tickets x6 was easier than Sabrina." Elsewhere, someone else joked: "We always thought the great war was the Taylor Swift eras tour tickets but Sabrina said hold my diva cup."
An estimated 3.5 million people pre-registered for pre-sale tickets for Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in the US alone, leaving many fans sorely disappointed when show after show sold out. Naturally, ticket demand and availability will differ for Carpenter's arenas tour, with fewer dates, but it's clear she's following in her mentor's footsteps.
Carpenter, who completed her Emails I Can't Send Tour in 2023, also toured with Swift recently, performing as one of the openers for her Eras Tour. Luckily, fans who missed out on Carpenter's previous dates still have a chance to buy tickets for her upcoming Short n' Sweet shows.
Live Nation’s pre-sale for the tour opens on 25 July. Meanwhile, the general sale is on 26 July at 10am local time.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.