The pop star pulled double-duty as host and musical guest on May 4.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Dua Lipa attempted to break down the feud between Drake and Kendrick Lamar on Saturday Night Live.

	While pulling double duty as SNL host and musical guest on May 4, the 28-year-old pop star appeared in a hilarious sketch in which she appeared on a morning talk show to dissect the onslaught of diss tracks between the 6 God and K. Dot.

	In the skit, Lipa played Wanda Weems, a culture critic who has spent “the past 48 hours trying to piece it all together.” Speaking in front of a bulletin board with photos of the two rappers and string connecting sticky notes with words like “OVO” and “shoe size,” Lipa’s character explained the back-and-forth disses to the show’s co-hosts Gail Gohnson (Heidi Gardner) and Mason Monroe (Mikey Day).

	“Y’all, these diss tracks are getting insane,” Lipa says in a heavy Southern accent before referencing tracks like Lamar’s “Euphoria” and Drake’s “Push Ups.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Now in Drake’s diss track, he questions Kendrick’s manhood, saying he wears a size 7 shoe,” she says. “But now, Drake is being sued by Tupac’s estate for using an AI version of his voice.”

	Saturday’s SNL marks Lipa’s third time on the long-running sketch comedy show as the musical guest and her first time hosting. During the episode, she performed “Illusion” and “Happy for You,” from her just-released third studio album, Radical Optimism.

	Following Saturday’s episode, season 49 will wrap up with two new episodes: May 11, with former SNL star Maya Rudolph hosting for a third time and Vampire Weekend as musical guest for a fourth time, and May 18 with Jake Gyllenhaal hosting a third time and Sabrina Carpenter making her musical-guest debut.

	Watch SNL‘s “Good Morning Greenville” sketch below. For those without cable, the broadcast streams on Peacock, which you can sign up for at the link here. Having a Peacock account also gives fans access to previous SNL episodes.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.