Traylor is about to be reunited.
Travis Kelce touched down in Australia Thursday morning at around 9 a.m. local time — which is 5 p.m. ET Wednesday — to meet up with Taylor Swift, according to online flight records tracking his private jet.
The aircraft took off from Van Nuys Airport in California Tuesday at 9:15 p.m. local time and made a pit stop at Daniel K. Inouye International Airport in Honolulu before reaching its final destination in Sydney.
ABC News in Australia, which had a reporter staked outside of the airport, noted that there were many “official-looking men in suits, some tough-looking bodyguard-like men” hanging out at the plane hanger.
“When [Kelce] does get here, he is expected to be going to the Crown [hotel] in Barangaroo,” the reporter said ahead of his arrival. 
“That’s where Taylor Swift has been staying in her penthouse.”
Once Kelce arrived at the airport, a local news outlet captured him getting off of the plane wearing a green tracksuit and holding onto some of his bags, as he walked into an SUV.
It appears the NFL star may have been accompanied on his trip by some of his best buds, as one of the pals posted from Hawaii on his Instagram Story a few hours ago and his friend Ross Travis also posted a photo of an airplane window on social media.
Page Six confirmed earlier on Wednesday that the Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, was en route to meet up with the Grammy winner, also 34, in Australia ahead of her four shows in Sydney this weekend.
The three-time Super Bowl champ hopped on a private jet just hours after being spotted at a golf outing in Las Vegas, where he and his team won Super Bowl 2024 against the San Francisco 49ers on Feb. 11.
Swift, meanwhile, has been enjoying some downtime between shows by going out to eat with her good friend and opening act, Sabrina Carpenter, and visiting a local zoo.
For more Page Six you love…
The “Cruel Summer” songstress was photographed Wednesday looking casual in a blue T-shirt, denim skirt and white sneakers while carrying a digital camera at the Sydney Zoo.
She has been in Australia since last week as she had Eras Tour shows scheduled in Melbourne and will be performing in Sydney this weekend from Friday through Monday.
Kelce was unable to make it to the first set of shows Down Under since the Chiefs had to celebrate their Super Bowl win in Kansas City, Mo., with a parade that turned deadly and left 22 injured on Feb. 14.
The pro athlete and his brother, Jason Kelce, recently addressed the tragic event on their “New Heights” podcast, saying, “We just wanted to say our hearts go out to all of the victims, their families, Chiefs kingdom and really all of Kansas City that was there on a day to try to celebrate the community.”
Travis also donated $100,000 to two young girls who were shot in the leg during the incident.
Swift, for her part, also made a generous donation to the family of the woman who was killed, Lisa Lopez-Galvan, in the parade shooting.
Travis’ trip to Australia will be the first time the couple, who has been dating since last summer, will be reunited following the tragedy.
They were last spotted together celebrating the Chiefs’ win at afterparties in Sin City, where Travis sweetly serenaded the pop superstar with her song “You Belong With Me.”
Advertisement