Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Christina Aguilera is giving fans a rare look into her life off stage as a proud mom of two. 
On Nov. 13, the music icon uploaded a carousel of photos to Instagram that showed what she has been up to lately, including some quality time with her fiancé, Matthew Rutler, 16-year-old son Max and 10-year-old daughter Summer. She captioned the post “Unseen bits.” 
In one photo, the “Genie in a Bottle” singer shared a behind-the-scenes look at her and Summer meeting Grammy-nominated singer Raye during Aguilera’s recent sitdown with the musician for Rolling Stone. 
The final image in the slideshow features an adorable snap of her posing beside Rutler, Max and Summer in front of a temple. Aguilera sweetly hugged her two children as Rutler smiled behind them. 
Among other photos in the post, one image shows Aguilera dressed to the nines in a glamorous, backless gown. She playfully sat on top of Rutler’s shoulders in another picture. Aguilera also enjoyed boat and plane rides, and showed off her Sabrina Carpenter keychain. 
Celebrity friends and fans chimed in the comments of the post. 
Carmen Electra wrote, “yessss” and added a sparkle emoji. 
Carpenter, who brought Aguilera on stage as her special guest at one of her Los Angeles concerts over the weekend, commented, “So proud honored and humbled to be your keychain.”
“The last one,” one fan said. “Seeing you happy with your kids makes me so happy.”
Aguilera shares son Max with ex-husband Jordan Bratman and daughter Summer with Rutler, whom she has been engaged to since 2014. 
Earlier this year, Aguilera opened up about being a pop star and a mom while speaking to Vogue. 
She revealed that her daughter Summer is “enraptured” by her life as an artist. 
“She loves the band and the background singers. She wants to take drum lessons—she is about it,” she told the magazine. “She gives me so much love and support. Before I go on stage, she knows I get nervous, and she’s like, ‘You’re going to do great, mama.’” 
Aguilera said that her manager jokes, “‘(Summer’s) coming for my job!’”
It’s not hard to imagine. The singer said that “daughter-ager” Summer already helps out by making sure she sticks to her schedule. 
“If I’m running late for something or have an appointment, she’s like, ‘You know they’re waiting, mama. We need to go.’ It’s hilarious,” she shared. 
She continued to gush about her daughter and recalled thinking Summer would be “a very intuitive person” and a “protector” before she was born. 
“I could cry thinking about it. She marches to the beat of her own drum, and she’s just a little firecracker,” she praised. 
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.