Plus new tracks from Katie Gavin, Zolita & Morgan Saint. 

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	When you’re in between streams of Sabrina Carpenter’s new album (or done watching that clip of her and Jenna Ortega sharing a kiss), why not listen to some new tunes from your favorite queer artists? Billboard Pride is proud to present the latest edition of Queer Jams of the Week, our roundup of some of the best new music releases from LGBTQ artists.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Doechii		
					






















	
		
					Yaeji		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	From Doechii’s banging new single to Yaeji’s bouncing new track, check out just a few of our favorite releases from this week below:

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	If you think you know what to expect from Doechii’s new single, let us be the ones to break it to you — you’re wrong. From the moment “Boom Bap” begins, Doechii makes it clear that she’s done with being put in boxes, snarling at her listener that “they said they want me to rap.” What follows is just over two minutes of the Florida rapper flexing her credentials — constant beat switches and style shifts can’t interrupt Doechii’s A+ flow as she proves herself over and over as the one to watch in the hip-hop genre. 

	Yaeji is back, folks. With “Booboo” the transformational dance star is ready to fill dance floors and playlists alike. Over a simple-yet-relentless dance beat, Yaeji switches effortlessly between Korean and English to offer the same simple instructions to her listeners — dance. As the song picks up so does the prodcution, exploding into a thundering dance banger that proves to be utterly irresistible for anyone who hears it. If you’re looking to bounce this weekend, look no further. 

	Sabrina Teitelbaum is here to give you what you hope to hear on a Blondshell record — a classic alt-rock sound with some tough lyrics. “What’s Fair” fulfills the Blondshell promise and even evolves it to a new level of excellence, as Teitelbaum delivers an instantly-lovable pop song that will have you doubling back to its lyrics by the end of the first listen. Written about a fraught mother-daughter relationship, “What’s Fair” makes ample use of the singer’s internal angst to help you expel some of yours. 

	We’ve all got our coping mechanisms, and Katie Gavin is ready to talk about it. “Casual Drug Use,” off the MUNA singer’s much-anticipated solo debut, charts the fallout from a previous relationship as Gavin spirals down into the song’s titular activity. She’s quick to make no judgement, instead showing empathy for her past self and her self-soothing mechanisms — which is made even sweeter by the single’s hazy, feel-good sound. 

	










	Speaking of coping mechanisms, rising pop singer Zolita has got her own — and if she found out her ex was doing the same thing, she’d be pissed. On “Hypocrite,” Zolita nails her particular brand of pop-rock flavor yet again, this time to soundtrack a story of sleeping around, being messy and refusing to feel bad about it. Sure, she might be a “Hypocrite,” but if this is how being hypocritical sounds, then sign us up.

	Morgan Saint would just like to know why a breakup has to be dramatic. In her new track “Blazing,” the rising singer tackles the charged dynamics of a relationship headed for disaster, wondering aloud why everything has to end in a blaze of glory. It might sound like a lot, but Saint does a marvelous job blending the implosive subject matter with a blissful, lo-fi pop sound, making “Blazing” the kind of balanced listening experience that will key you up right before it mellows you out. 

Check out all of our picks below on Billboard’s Queer Jams of the Week playlist:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.