Pink performs on Saturday, Aug. 12, 2023, at Wrigley Field in Chicago.Rob Grabowski/Invision/AP
P!NK’s “Summer Carnival Tour” is returning to the US for its second North American leg, which will stop in multiple cities throughout the Northeast, including Syracuse, NY at the JMA Wireless Dome on October 6.
Other nearby cities include Toronto, Philadelphia, Foxborough, Hershey and East Rutherford, before concluding on November 20 in Columbia, SC.
She’ll be joined by special guests Sheryl Crow, KidCutUp and The Script for select dates.
The three-time Grammy Award-winner, best known for hits like “Just Give Me a Reason,” “So What,” “Raise Your Glass” and “Try,” is renowned for her powerful vocals and dynamic live performances, which feature high-energy, acrobatic stunts and spectacular production value.
The first half of her “Summer Carnival Tour,” which began back in 2023, has broken numerous sales and venue records and became the eighth highest-grossing tour of 2023, according to Deadline.
Limited standard admission tickets can be purchased online through Ticketmaster, although many of P!NK’s shows have already sold out.
For her Syracuse show, for example, only video view and platinum seating remain, starting at $244.75. 
Fans looking for greater availability and deals will have better luck on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, where prices start as low as $22 (for her Los Angeles show).
A complete list of P!NK’s “Summer Carnival Tour” dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? P!NK isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Imagine Dragons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices