Sabrina Carpenter is launching her latest collaboration not with an artist or record label, but an ice cream brand.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Sabrina Carpenter is launching her latest collaboration not with an artist or record label — but an ice cream brand.
The rising artist is teaming up with Van Leeuwen ice cream to create an “Espresso” flavor capitalizing on the success of her latest hit single of the same name.
The limited-edition flavor includes chunks of brownies, chocolate chips and fudge swirls.
“Doing a flavor collab with a genuine Van Leeuwen super fan is always a lot of fun. We’re so excited to celebrate Sabrina and her newest hit with this extremely delicious ice cream,” Van Leeuwen CEO Ben Leeuwen said.
The ice cream flavor will be available in all Van Leeuwen scoop shops starting June 28, 2024, for a limited time.
The brand is sold at grocery stores nationwide, including Walmart, Target, ShopRite and Stop & Shop, but the company has not yet announced if the new flavor will be available to buy in these locations.
The former Disney Channel star’s her hit single “Espresso” currently holds the fifth spot in the Billboard Hot 100 chart after peaking a No. 4. It debuted at No. 10 when it released in April, making the song Carpenter’s first Billboard Top 10 single, according to Def Pen.
Her latest album, “Short n’ Sweet,” is set to drop on Aug. 23.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Katherine Rodriguez can be reached at krodriguez@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices