Over the last 360-something days, we have seen just as many artists break into the mainstream (The Warning, Suki Waterhouse) as we have seen bands close up shop (Sum 41). We witnessed re-vamps and reunions (Linkin Park, The Dictators) and hard-hitting return-to-forms (Green Day, twenty one pilots). There were also notable shifts in careers and genres that took the masses by surprise in the best ways (Mick Mars)  and occasionally underrated ways (Ariana Grande). It’s been a wild ride – and an unsuspecting one – but we are grateful for all the music we had the chance to explore in 2024.
It’s safe to say that this was the year of two stand-out things: collaboration – unexpected, on brand (as the kids say), or somewhere in between – and country. These two C’s of the industry in 2024 took us by surprise after last year’s roots were deep in the world of emerging acts, artists kicking their career into high gear – genres be damned – but we are not complaining. It was fun. This year has been fun, too, yee-haw-adjacent and all. We had Halestorm featured on a re-booted honky-tonk classic by Brooks & Dunn… and we loved it. We heard Dolly Parton duet with Post Malone on his foray into the world of singers, songwriters, cowboys, and country-folk, which also including a stint on the chart-topping yet somehow underrated album from the Texas-born Queen Bey. Machine Gun Kelly and Jelly Roll got permission from the John Denver Estate to re-work the iconic “Take Me Home, Country Roads” for their chart-topper, “Lonely Road.” This was a year for musicians who thrive in the studio alongside both mentors and peers, and artists who had genre-defying dreams that they realized they could achieve with an extra helping of heart and soul (and by shaking off any expectation).
The sounds of singer-songwriters and southern-born creatives prevailed in the mainstream and shook the industry up a little bit, but we welcomed it with open arms. A little experimenting never hurt anyone, right? As much as it’s always five o’clock somewhere, there’s also an audience for everything, so if you found yourself sitting back and enjoying your drink of choice and listening to a song (or two or 10) that you normally wouldn’t be spinning in your free time, but found yourself inclined to due to the über-innovative, formidable year that the music industry had, you’re far from alone. Kate Hudson showed off her synth-y, belt-y, subtly gritty pop chops and released one of the most grounded records of the year (her sparkling debut, at that). Vampire Weekend came back to us with their first LP in five years – and it was released to immediate acclaim in all of its psychedelic rock glory, which included the intricate, mind-blowing, folksy arrangements on the beloved song “Connect.” Even Sabrina Carpenter’s Grammy-nominated smash hit of a record, Short ‘N Sweet, got a little bit of a twangy treatment recently as she re-imagined it’s hit single, “Please Please Please,” and other tracks for NPR’s Tiny Desk concert series in a way that would’ve made the late Loretta Lynn proud and the aforementioned Ms. Parton. All of these songs, artists, albums, shows, and more are seeped in sincerity and artistry, which is, at its core, the goal of true musical expression.
Look at us – last year we had The Rolling Stones, Paramore, Foo Fighters, and boygenius all over our staff picks. This year we have Willie Nelson, Wilderado, Kacey Musgraves, and Luke Combs. (As well as Green Day, St. Vincent, Judas Priest, and Jesse Malin, because two things can be true at once!) Nevertheless, we rocked, rolled, and ruled our favorites from 2024, which cover the two C’s of 2024 that we stated in the beginning: collaboration and country. (Carpenter, in honor of the inescapable popstar, and Chappell [as in, Roan, and the meteoritic rise to her alt pop stardom that was widely discussed this year], would be the other two C’s if w needed more.)
Check it out below and let us know what you think, what you found defined the year at large, and what you loved listening to.
 2024listicletop albumstop albums of 2024
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.