Complete with a velvet robe, an armored manicure, and a literal sword
Her Majesty has arrived!
The MTV Video Music Awards tends to have one of the more eccentric and whacky red carpets of the annual award show circuit, and this year’s ceremony is no different. For her first-ever appearance at the show, Chappell Roan made sure to deliver on the fun with her own spectacular outfit, pulling a look straight from Y/Project’s Fall/Winter 2024 ready-to-wear collection.
Arriving tonight at UBS Arena in New York, the “Pink Pony Club” singer made a splash at her VMAs debut by channeling a medieval warrior queen—a look that involved a regal velvet robe, an armored manicure, and even a sword.
Roan made her entrance stepping onto an unfurled antique rug, in a pistachio velvet robe with gold embroidery along the lining, collar, and ruched sleeves. 
She later shed the coat to reveal the rest of her look, which included a witchy merlot and white gauzy gown with mid-length sleeves and a plunging neckline. Her accessories were equally period-appropriate, ranging from chainmail wrist cuffs, an armored ring by Lillian Shalom, metallic armored legs, a cross pendant amulet, and a longsword.
After wearing a full suit of armor for her performance of “Good Luck, Babe!” Roan once again channeled Joan of Arc for her final look of the evening. To accept the Moon Person for Best New Artist, she slipped into a hooded chainmail set from Rabanne's Spring/Summer 2024 collection, complete with metallic fringe lining the hood. She completed the ensemble with fingerless chainmail gloves.
This year, Roan earned four nominations, in the categories of Best New Artist, PUSH: Performance of the Year (for “Red Wine Supernova”), Best Trending Video (for “Hot to Go!”), and Song of Summer (for “Good Luck, Babe!”).
The pop star also had her first performance on the VMAs stage. Other artists expected to perform tonight include Megan Thee Stallion, Sabrina Carpenter, Karol G, Halsey, Eminem, and Camila Cabello.
As she continues to ride the success of her 2023 album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, Roan is also beginning to look to the future. She teased new musical projects that she is working on with producer Daniel Nigro in a recent interview in Rolling Stone.
“We have a country song. We have a dancy song. We have one that’s really ’80s, and we have one that’s acoustic, and we have one that’s really organic, live-band, ’70s vibe. It’s super weird,” she said. “[The next single] needs to have more grit, whether that means more pop grit or rock grit or just bite to the lyrics. Anything that I listen to—Joan Jett, Heart, Gaga—I want to feel like them. So I’ll just be inspired by that feeling and how I can capture it.”
Addison Rae on Her Daring VMAs Look
At the VMAs, Everybody Wanted to Be Britney Spears
All the Best 2024 MTV VMAs After-Party Looks
Why Did Madonna Skip the 2024 MTV VMAs?
All the Looks from the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards
The 34 Best Reactions to the 2024 MTV VMAs
All the Biggest Highlights From the 2024 MTV VMAs
Taylor Swift Shouts Out Travis Kelce at the VMAs
Anitta Goes Gothic, Then Rave-Ready at 2024 VMAs
The 11 Best-Dressed Stars at the 2024 MTV VMAs
Blackpink’s Lisa Is Red-Carpet Royalty at the VMAs
Watch Megan Thee Stallion's Sexy VMAs Performance 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.