"Voting is magic but also annoying."
 Anne Hathaway is caught up on her Sabrina Carpenter tunes.

 The Devil Wears Prada actress belted out an altered version of Carpenter's song "Please Please Please" to urge would-be voters who are line when polls close to stay there until they cast their ballot.

Jamie McCarthy/Getty; John Nacion/Variety via Getty
 "Hey everybody," the Oscar winner said in a video, "so I hear that there's crazy long lines at college campuses, which, oh my gosh, you guys, thank you for showing up to vote. And I just wanted to say, if you are on a line right now..."

 Then she began to sing in the video below: "Please, please, please stay on the line / Please, please, please, especially at UPenn and Temple, you just wait out your time / Voting is magic but also annoying / You waited out this long, let’s make it not boring / Oh please, please, please, hold the line."

 Hathaway dropped her video in the afternoon, just before some of the first polls closed.

 She wrote a special shout-out to voters in the swing state of Pennsylvania in the caption.

 Earlier in the day, she shared support for Vice President Kamala Harris, whom she publicly backed in October at a campaign event in New York. She sang then, too, belting out Queen's "Somebody to Love."

 "Isn't it a relief to be decided?" Hathaway said that night, per USA Today. "It's very important to remember that America is a very big place, and not everybody is decided, especially in an election like this when passions are rightly so intense, because the stakes couldn't be higher. It's still very important to remember that you have to meet people where they are at, especially when you're canvassing and phone banking."

 The newspaper reported that Hathaway had introduced herself as Annie — the name she goes by in her personal life — and a mom who was voting for Kamala.

 Another celebrity who encouraged voters was Paul Rudd. The Only Murders in the Building actor handed out water to those waiting to cast ballots on college campuses in Philadelphia.

 Carpenter herself is responsible for 35,814 people registering to vote, according to the nonpartisan organization HeadCount, which collaborates with entertainers to register young people.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)