Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Strictly Come Dancing star Tasha Ghouri confessed that she's finding her new routine a challenge. 
The Love Island star impressed fans with her BBC dancing show debut, scoring 30 out of 40 from the judges for her Cha Cha to Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso with partner Aljaz Skorjanec. 
Tasha's partner Andrew Le Page, who she met on the ITV2 dating show, was in the audience, and presenter Fleur East highlighted his support during their chat on Strictly: It Takes Two on Tuesday evening.
Tasha gushed: "He's just so supportive in everything I do and he knows how much this really means to me. That's my future husband right there. He's so amazing and I love him to pieces." Host Fleur teased: "They're getting married" with Aljaz adding: "I want to be there."
 Tasha joked: "Strictly wedding, let's go.", reports Yorkshire Live. It was later revealed that Tasha and Aljaz will be performing the Viennese Waltz this weekend, and the blonde beauty admitted to Fleur and BBC Two viewers that she's "struggling".
Aljaz explained: "Every week on Strictly you've got to start from scratch. This is our first ballroom dance and it's completely different to the Cha Cha. I love my ballroom and i prefer it so much more."
Fleur noted that the Viennese Waltz is notorious for being "a dizzy one" and asked Tasha how she's handling all the turns. The contestant opened up, sharing: "Struggling a little bit actually."
She continued: "It's quite rotational I would say. Very, very dizzy especially with my cochlear implant my balance is off so there's an extra bit of challenge there and I'm really having focus on my focus point."
Tasha and Alijaz found themselves joint top of the leaderboard with actress Sarah Hadland and her professional partner Vito Coppola. However, fans thought it was unfair as Tasha had a history of dance training before the BBC series, attending a dance college. Tasha isn’t the first celebrity to be hit with fix claims – the same was said about theatre performer Layton Williams last year.
Strictly: It Takes Two airs weeknights on BBC Two at 6.30pm