Share
Ed Sheeran joined Taylor Swift on stage in London to perform two of their collaborations, followed by a surprise duet.
LONDON - Taylor Swift delighted more than 90,000 fans at Wembley Stadium Thursday night with a surprise appearance from Ed Sheeran to shake up the Eras tour’s return to London.
He joined the headliner on stage at Wembley Stadium for the acoustic section, playing on two of their collaborations, "Everything Has Changed" and "Endgame," before a burst of Sheeran’s hit "Thinking Out Loud."
Video from the crowd shows the audience going wild as Swift teased his appearance.
Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran perform at Wembley Stadium in London (@9tay8tay9_ via Storyful) 
"I just feel like I’m not really doing it justice," she told the crowd of 92,000-strong.
"That’s what was missing, right?" she quipped after belting out a few lines with Sheeran.
The surprise duets were a bright spot in what’s been a tough few weeks for the singer and tour.
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter screams, runs from fireworks display during performance
Heartbreak remains after the death of three young fans who were killed by an attacker at their Swift-themed dance class in Southport, northern England.
FOX 4 Dallas reporter Peyton Yager joins LiveNOW's Austin Westfall after she spoke to two Dallas women who traveled to attend a Taylor Swift concert in Vienna before the events were canceled due to a foiled terror plot.
Her August shows in Vienna were canceled after authorities foiled a plan by three ISIS-inspired extremists to attack her concert venue. Thursday’s Wembley concert was the first show since the shows in Austria were canceled.
Swift has four more shows at Wembley Stadium to round out the European leg of The Eras Tour.
It picks up again in Toronto in November.
RELATED: Taylor Swift says 'Eras Tour' is officially ending in December
According to Pollstar, which collects data on the live music industry, the Eras tour took in more than $1 billion in ticket sales last year.
It’s expected to rake in more than $2 billion before it ends later this year in Indianapolis, according to the Associated Press. 
This story was reported with information from The Associated Press and video from Taylor Swift's London concert. 
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations