Global pop superstar Taylor Swift has become the bookies’ favourite to headline Glastonbury in 2025.
The Look What You Made Me Do and Blank Space hitmaker, 34, will have some time on her hands when her billion-dollar Eras Tour comes to a close in December.
Taylor was previously set to headline at the music festival in 2020, alongside the likes of Sir Paul McCartney, Kendrick Lamar and Dua Lipa. Unfortunately, the performance never came to pass – with the festival being axed that year (talk about a cruel summer!) due to Coronavirus concerns.
While Dua Lipa and the ex-Beatles icon made up for the missed opportunity in the years since, Taylor has still yet to appear at Glastonbury.
However, there’s no bad blood between Taylor and the festival organisers… and bookies have predicted that this may very well change as of Glastonbury 2025, with Taylor emerging as the favourite to headline next year’s festival.
Corona put paid to her last planned outing there, but will Taylor shake it off for a second shot at the big stage?
According to online bookmaker Betway, the Love Story singer is 4/1 favourite to headline Glastonbury next year.
Spokesperson Chad Yeomans said: ‘As one of the biggest music events in the calendar, Glastonbury 2025 is set to be all the more special before the festival takes a fallow year to give the land – and its legends – a breather. 
‘After the pandemic interrupted her originally slated appearance, this could finally be the year for Glastonbury – Taylor’s Version – to Begin Again, fresh off the heels of her record-smashing Eras Tour.’
‘As the festival takes place in June, it would give the singer a full six months to recover from her global tour before spending the evening at Worthy Farm, while partner Travis Kelce would be able to attend ahead of the NFL season!’ added Chad.
Meanwhile, Beyoncé is a close second favourite to headline the Pyramid stage, with odds of 8/1. 
Behind Bey and Tay, Charlie XCX, Harry Styles and Sabrina Carpenter all sit on odds of 10/1, while Chappell Roan is the underdog at 16/1.
Men of the moment Oasis have denied any involvement with next year’s festival, leaving them at odds of 50/1 to headline.
Rumours of Taylor’s headline show come only weeks before tickets to next year’s festival go on sale, with tickets going up for grabs on November 14.
And, as nervous fans prepare to join the (lengthy) online queue for tickets, showrunners have announced that there will be some changes to this year’s process.
The festival said: ‘The booking process itself for 2025 will be the same as in previous years, however, the way in which you join the booking process is changing.
‘Rather than refreshing the holding page to attempt to access the booking page, this year, when the ticket sale begins (at 6pm or 9am respectively) everyone who is already on the glastonbury.seetickets.com page will randomly be assigned a place in a queue to access the booking process.’
Once at the front of the queue, festival hopefuls will enter registration numbers and postcodes for themselves and up to five other people.
…Ready for it?
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Scissor Sisters ‘really proud’ of Ana Matronic for turning down reunion tour
Arrow
MORE: True cost of fraudulent Oasis tickets revealed as band announces new South American dates
Arrow
MORE: Could celebrity endorsements for Kamala Harris actually impact the US election?