By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:43, 22 July 2024   |  Updated:  12:49, 22 July 2024   
 122
View  comments
Paul Mescal has poured more fuel on rumours he is dating Gracie Abrams, after the pair were both snapped shopping in Mayfair last weekend.
The Gladiator II star, 28, was first spotted with the pop star, 24, in June, sparking speculation among fans that they are now an item.
And despite seemingly trying to keep their romance on the down-low, they may have given the game away during their understated shopping spree.
Paul was spotted on Bond Street on July 13, just 20 minutes before Gracie appeared shopping nearby.
The actor looked effortlessly stylish for the outing, wearing a navy jumper with a horse design and jeans.
Paul Mescal (left) has poured more fuel on rumours he is dating Gracie Abrams (right), after the pair were both snapped shopping in Mayfair last weekend
The Gladiator II star, 28, was first spotted with the pop star, 24, in June, sparking speculation among fans that they are now an item
And despite seemingly trying to keep their romance on the down-low, they may have given the game away during their understated shopping spree
The Oscar nominee added black leather loafers and a simple tote bag, while he perched a pair of shades on his head.
While, Gracie, who is the daughter of Hollywood director JJ Abrams, also opted for an understated navy ensemble.
She showed off her slender frame in a tight-fitted top and matching jogging bottoms, with red and white trainers.
The singer toted a black chainlink handbag and hid her eyes behind a pair of rounded sunglasses, appearing to go makeup free.
The photos of the pair confirm previous reports that they had been shopping together in London and trying to go 'unnoticed'.
On Sunday, a source told The Sun: 'Paul and Gracie looked like any other young couple hitting the shops, and they went almost unnoticed. 
'They seemed very relaxed in each other’s company and were busy checking out the posh shops on Bond Street. 
'Paul is a very low-key person, as is Gracie, so there was no fanfare and they kept their distance from each other when they were out on the street'.
Paul was spotted on Bond Street on July 13, just 20 minutes before Gracie appeared shopping nearby, looking effortlessly stylish in a navy jumper with a horse design and jeans
 The Oscar nominee added black leather loafers and a simple tote bag, while sporting black designer shades and checking his phone
While, Gracie, who is the daughter of Hollywood director JJ Abrams, also opted for an understated navy ensemble
She showed off her slender frame in a tight-fitted top and matching jogging bottoms, with red and white trainers
The singer toted a black chainlink handbag and hid her eyes behind a pair of rounded sunglasses, appearing to go makeup free
The insider also claimed that following their shopping spree, both Paul and the Close To You singer 'left separately' and they each made their own way home.
Gracie has been in the UK for a series of gigs and is said to have been staying at the Chiltern Firehouse in central London. 
Paul wasn't spotted at any of her recent shows which took place in Kingston, Bristol and Southampton, but the source thought it was 'telling' that she chose to keep coming back to the capital city.
The couple were also seen recently dining together at Brat, a Michelin-starred restaurant in London's Shoreditch.
In pictures obtained by TMZ, the two young stars looked very cosy during their meal at the end of last month.
And the pair could be set to become Hollywood's latest 'power couple', with both of their profiles on the rise. 
It has been claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom.
The photos of the pair confirm previous reports that they had been shopping together in London and trying to go 'unnoticed'
The insider also claimed that following their shopping spree, both Paul and the Close To You singer 'left separately' and they each made their own way home
Gracie has been in the UK for a series of gigs and is said to have been staying at the Chiltern Firehouse in central London
The pair could become Hollywood's latest 'power couple', with it being claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel (pictured) will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom
Meanwhile, Gracie recently achieved a major boost when she served alongside Sabrina Carpenter as an opening act for Taylor Swift (pictured performing with her in June 2024)
Meanwhile, Gracie recently achieved a major boost when she served alongside Sabrina Carpenter as an opening act for Taylor Swift.
Paul has previously dated singer Phoebe Bridgers and recently caused romance rumours to swirl with Natalie Portman.
He was seen enjoying an evening of drinking with the actress, 42, in London, with snaps showing the pair looking giddy while having a cigarette outside Bar 69 in May.
However, it was later claimed Paul is 'just friends' with Natalie, who quietly finalized her divorce from Benjamin Millepied in March following rumors he was unfaithful.
Paul has previously dated singer Phoebe Bridgers (pictured together in 2022) and recently caused romance rumours to swirl with Natalie Portman

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group