By CAMPBELL GREAVES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  23:51, 27 February 2024   |  Updated:  00:05, 28 February 2024   
 2
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter has revealed there is one Aussie icon she is 'terrified' of.
The 24-year-old, who was in Australia as the support act for Taylor Swift, expressed her love for Tim Tams, fairy bread and eucalyptus lollies in an interview with The Daily Telegraph.
But the former Disney star revealed the iconic Australian spread Vegemite scared her.
'I have smelt it and the second I did that, I have given up', she said.
'I am just genuinely a bit terrified of the Vegemite.' 
Singer Sabrina Carpenter, 24, (right) has expressed her love for Tim Tam's, Fairy Bread and Eucalyptus lollies but there is one Aussie staple she is 'terrified' of
However she also revealed that she found fairy bread to be 'really good' before adding: 'You don't understand the passion I have for Tim Tams'. 
It comes after the star appeared on The Today Show and revealed the exciting news that she plans to return Down Under for her own tour after supporting Taylor on her Eras tour. 
A fan asked her if she'd consider returning for her own headline tour, prompting Sabrina to excitedly reply: 'My manager's are looking at me with a smile, so yes, yes that is very much happening.'
Teasing more details to come, she added: 'Girl, I don't have the date yet, but I'll tell you soon.' 
Speaking to The Daily Telegraph the singer shared her love for Aussie sweet treats 'You don’t understand the passion I have for Tim Tams'
The former Disney star went on to reveal that she will not be going near Vegemite again
Sabrina was met with an epic reception by the crowds as they handed her friendship bracelets, flowers and other handmade gifts ahead of the interview.
She gushed that her Sydney fans were special as she insisted the positive reception they have given her as been unlike anything else.
Sabrina has travelled Down Under alongside Taylor and has been taking to the stage ahead of the global megastar's show each night to perform for fans.
Carpenter will travel to Singapore for the next leg of the tour. 
The 24-year-old was in Australia as the support act for Taylor Swift's Eras tour concerts
The star appeared on The Today Show and revealed the exciting news that she plans to return Down Under for her own tour

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group