By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:20, 10 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:30, 10 June 2024   
 2
View  comments
Joey King has expressed support for friend Sabrina Carpenter's viral songs.
Chatting with People at the Despicable Me 4 premiere on Sunday, the 24-year-old actress described how happy she is following the 25-year-old singer's recent success.
Of Sabrina's latest single, Joey said, 'I'm so happy for her and I just can't stop singing Please Please Please — get out of my head.' 
Last week Carpenter shared a sizzling visual for the track, co-starring boyfriend Barry Keoghan.
The Kissing Booth sensation added playfully, 'It's so rude of her to make a hit like that. It's also so rude to make such an addicting music video,' and joked, 'It's really rude to make me watch it six times at 2:00 am when I want to go to bed.'
Joey King has expressed support for friend Sabrina Carpenter 's viral hit songs; pictured on Sunday at the Despicable Me 4 premiere in New York City
Joey shared about seeing Sabrina perform on Saturday at Governors Ball, 'I literally was sobbing after the show. I was so proud of her. She's just amazing'; the women pictured in 2020
Referencing Sabrina's performance at Governors Ball music festival, Joey told the publication: 'Yesterday [was] the first time I've seen her perform in a few years because every time that I wanted to go to one of her big shows, our schedules kind of [missed] each other.'
She shared, 'I literally was sobbing after the show. I was so proud of her. She's just amazing.'
The two young stars met at an industry charity event years ago.
Joey told Wired in 2020 about their friendship: 'What's funny is we weren't always super close. For the first several years of our friendship, we would hang out once every like, year.
'And it was the [most fun] thing in the world. We don't know why it took us so long to become as close as we are now.'
In the pop star's new music video, she and her beau play an ultra sexy Bonnie and Clyde duo as Sabrina finds herself mixed up in her new man's life of crime — which includes bloody mob boss standoffs and armed bank robberies.
The song is about falling in love with a bad boy, who Sabrina hopes won't 'bring me to tears when I just did my makeup so nice.'
Putting their real-life chemistry on full display, the couple — who have been linked since late 2023 — didn't hold back when it came to on-camera PDA. 
L-R Bebe Rexha, Sabrina Carpenter, and Joey King in January 2020
Last week Carpenter shared a sizzling visual for the track, co-starring boyfriend Barry Keoghan
Of Sabrina's latest single, Joey said, 'I'm so happy for her and I just can't stop singing Please Please Please — get out of my head'
 Earlier this year the singer-songwriter opened up to Cosmopolitan about her approach to dating.
'A lot of it, for me, has been fate. I know that’s super broad, but I don’t actively look for it,' she said.
She added, 'The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love. 
'So yeah, it’s fun and it’s messy. I think I’m still just at this place where I’m really enjoying the newness of all of it.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group