Sabrina Carpenter
The American pop star will bring her Short n’ Sweet Tour to the UK and Europe in 2025, with arena shows lined up in Dublin, Birmingham, London, Glasgow, Manchester, Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris and Berlin between March 3 and 23.
Support will come from special guest Rachel Chinouriri, and tickets go on general sale at 10am on Friday (July 26) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The trek shares its name with her upcoming sixth album, due out on August 23. The record includes her singles Espresso and Please Please Please.
The sold-out North American leg will take place in September, October and November, and follows her headlining appearance at San Francisco's Outside Lands Festival on August 10.
Asake
The Nigerian Afrobeats star will play London's O2 Arena on September 21 as part of the previously scheduled European leg of his Lungu Boy World Tour. Tickets for the new date go on general sale at 9am BST on Friday (July 26) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The Grammy-nominated artist will also perform at Dublin's 3Arena on October 1, following shows in Cologne, Amsterdam, Berlin and Paris. The North American leg is scheduled for August and includes a show at New York's Madison Square Garden. Tickets for those dates are already on sale.
Asake will hit the road in support of his third studio album, which is set to arrive this summer. He released the single Wave with Central Cee in June, appeared on Victony's song Stubborn in May, and dropped his own single Only Me in January.
Lil Tjay
The multi-platinum Bronx rapper will play the O2 Arena, London on October 12, joined by special guests Key Glock and Realestk, among others.
Following that he'll bring his Past 2 Present Tour to Amsterdam, Oslo, Helsinki, Brussels, Paris, Munich and Berlin between October 13 and 25.
Tickets for the European dates are on sale now, with the UK show on general sale at 10am on Friday (July 26) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The announcement follows his The Good Life Tour back in April, which featured shows in Dublin, Newcastle, Leeds and Cardiff.
He put out his third and most recent studio album, '222', in July 2023. 
James Bay
Photo: Caity Krone
The English singer-songwriter will release his new album, 'Changes All The Time', on September 20, with his Up All Night Tour scheduled to visit Glasgow, Newcastle, Leeds, Manchester, Birmingham, Dublin and London, where he'll play the OVO Arena Wembley on February 13. Tickets go on general sale at 10am on Friday (July 26) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The musician also has festival appearances confirmed for the coming months, with his only UK performance set for Portsmouth's Victorious Festival on August 25.
In the meantime, head here to listen to his new single, All Night featuring The Lumineers and Noah Kahan.
Also announced this week:
​Head here for a full list and to find your tickets.
Stereoboard Tour Dates
0 upcoming shows