By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:53, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:06, 7 May 2024   
 77
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter and boyfriend Barry Keoghan made their first red carpet appearance as a couple at the 2024 Met Gala in New York City on Monday night. 
The 24-year-old Espresso hitmaker commanded attention in a two-tone Oscar de la Renta gown.
Meanwhile, her 31-year-old actor beau wore a three-piece, velvet, olive green Burberry suit.
The couple arrived at the starry event together, but walked the famous Metropolitan Museum of Art staircase separately.
The lovebirds reconvened at the top of the steps, where they posed for photos together.
Sabrina Carpenter and boyfriend Barry Keoghan made their first red carpet appearance as a couple at the 2024 Met Gala in New York City on Monday night 
The Espresso singer stunned in a black and blue gown while the 31-year-old actor wore a three-piece, velvet, olive green Burberry suit
The lovebirds reconvened at the top of the stairs, where they posed for photos together
Sabrina stunned in her strapless frock, which boasted a black velvet bodice that hugged her torso.
The exquisite creation transitioned into a ruffled sky blue and white ombre skirt with a dramatic train.
Her makeup was a beautiful extension of the orchid-inspired dress.
The pop star flaunted a powder blue color on her eyelids, drawing out her big blue eyes. 
Barry's expertly tailored suit included a coordinating vest, which was layered on top of an ivory, ruffled silk shirt.
The vest was accented with a pocket watch and he added a black top hat to the Victorian-inspired getup.
The spiffy look was punctuated with a pair of black leather dress boots. 
Sabrina and Barry were first romantically linked last December and in April he attended Coachella in support of his lady's titillating performances. 
Keoghan welcomed a son in August 2022 with then-girlfriend Alyson Sandro. The couple called it quits on their romance in July 2023.
Sabrina stunned in her strapless frock, which boasted a black velvet bodice that hugged her torso
The exquisite creation transitioned into a ruffled sky blue and white ombre skirt with a dramatic train
Her makeup was a beautiful extension of the orchid-inspired dress
Barry's expertly tailored suit included a coordinating vest, which was layered on top of an ivory, ruffled silk shirt
The vest was accented with a pocket watch and he added a black top hat to the Victorian-inspired getup
The Saltburn sensation incorporated his hat into his red carpet poses
Barry treated himself to a facial by Shane Cooper before attending the event - Shane said Barry has the Exclusive Facial Treatment each time he is in London, focusing on oxygenation and exfoliation
The MET's Costume Institute is celebrating the new exhibition, called Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, with the dress code being The Garden of Time.
Shortly before the main event kicked off on Monday, longtime Vogue editor Anna Wintour sat down with Today host Jenna Bush Hager to discuss the big night.
The British-born fashion pillar revealed the 'cardinal sin' that she committed while planning this year's exhibition.
'This exhibition broke my cardinal rule, Jenna, which is when we came up with the title Sleeping Beauties, it's wonderful and poetic and romantic, but it actually could be many, many things,' she said.
Anna joined forces with the MET's Costume Institute curator, Andrew Bolton, to decide on the Garden of Time dress code.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group