When it comes to perfume, there's nothing better than finding a scent that truly feels like you. Picking the right combination of fragrances is a very personal thing, and the right ones can not only make you feel more confident but can also help evoke some pretty strong feelings of nostalgia or even give you an emotional response.
However, sometimes even your favourite perfume can start to lose its appeal when you notice hundreds of other people wearing it, making it feel less special. Thankfully we can always count on TikTok to come up with a simple solution to our beauty woes, and the latest technique to take social media by storm is scent layering.
According to LS:N Global, Pinterest searches for ‘best scent combos’ have grown 4000% over the last year, and the method couldn't be simpler. But the results leave you with a scent that's completely unique and bespoke, so you never need to worry about smelling the same as half the people in your office. Layering is also a great way to make your perfume last longer.
 TikToker Emma @perfumerism shared a handy how-to guide on the best way to layer your scents, with three simple rules to follow. The first way, and the most simple, is to pick a scent you love and layer it with another similar scent, reports the Mirror. 
For example, if you love vanilla fragrances you could layer Ellis Brooklyn's Vanilla Milk with Sabrina Carpenter's brand new Caramel Dream Edp, which both contain predominantly vanilla notes. However each one has a different set of scents around the main vanilla note which will make a completely unique scent.
Emma suggests another method for layering is to combine a complex perfume with a simpler one. Simple scents could be something like vanilla, which has a sweet enough aroma to blend with almost anything, or musk, which carries a fresh, clean scent. These act as an excellent base for nearly any perfume and can instantly alter the smell of more potent perfumes.
For your base, Emma recommends either Kayali Vanilla 28 Eau De Parfum or Dedcool Milk Layering + Enhancer Eau De Parfum, then layering any perfume of your choice on top to create a fragrance you adore. We're particularly fond of the new Steve Madden Goldie perfume, which features notes of sandalwood, patchouli and gardenia petals.
Lastly, you can layer well-known accord fragrances on top of each other, such as fruity and floral or saffron and leather to create a completely unique signature scent. Emma's top suggestion is taking the lychee-scented Kayali Eden Sparkling Lychee 39 and layering it with a much more floral scent like Prada Paradoxe.
Her last piece of advice is to steer clear of layering complex perfumes like Obvious' Une Pistache, which has notes of carrot, pistachio and sandalwood, as they can be tricky to blend. Instead, she suggests opting for designer or indie fragrances with a simpler scent profile to avoid mixing too many notes.
But most importantly, it's all about discovering your unique signature scent so have fun experimenting!