*WARNING - This article contains spoilers for the first four episodes of Love Is Blind UK.*
Love Is Blind UK has dropped on Netflix today, with viewers excitedly switching on their televisions to see couples fall in love with each other's personalities alone. The series, which follows the success of the US original in 2020, is hosted by married pair Matt and Emma Willis.
Love Is Blind follows a group of singletons, who interact through a screen and get engaged to their chosen partners without ever laying eyes on them. Once the proposals have happened, the couples meet face-to-face for the first time and enjoy a brief honeymoon period getting to know each other before they are expected to wed.
Netflix previously revealed their cast of love-seekers, including Dental Nurse Catherine, Funeral Director Freddie, Product Design Manager Sam, and Social Worker Ella. One of the first couples to make an impression are Director of Marketing and Communications Sabrina and Gym Owner Steven.
READ MORE: What to watch on Netflix in August from Emily in Paris to Love is Blind UK and The Union
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter is almost unrecognisable as dorky teen in forgotten Netflix film
In the Netflix series, Sabrina and Steven seemed to connect instantly, with little competition from other participants. However, things quickly became emotional for Sabrina in the first episode when she discusses the death of her grandmother, leading her to tears.
She shared with the camera: "I'm so ready to meet my soulmate. I really hope he's here. I think it's really great to build a life together.
"On the surface, I'm like Miss Independent. 'I don't need a man.' But at the same time, I am a bit of a hopeless romantic."
The Express reports how Sabrina offered a heartbreaking glimpse into her personal struggles, as she revealed: "Over the last year, there's been some situations in my life... My granny, who I was very, very close to, my Gigi, passed away."
Pausing as she fought back tears, she said: "Oh gosh. I don't wanna -" Her voice cracked with emotion as she went on: "You know, she was kind of the heart of my family.
"And after her funeral, coming home to an empty house on my own and I was just..." she continued sadly.
"It's moments like that where it would just be nice to have someone to be there and hug you and be like, 'It's going to be okay.'
"Sorry, I just get really upset every time I talk about Gigi," she added, as she wiped tears from her eyes.
Viewers are now left wondering if Steven will become the supportive companion Sabrina needs as they follow the rest of the series with anticipation.
Love Is Blind UK premieres Wednesday, August 7 on Netflix. Part 2 will be released on August 14, followed by Part 3 on August 21.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.