Manage your account
You have to be careful what you post on social media, but sometimes, you might post without thinking. When you accidentally post something your friends would’ve rather kept private, it can lead to a whooole lot of drama.
Here are 13 times celebs accidentally revealed things about other celebs on social media:
Priyanka Chopra / Via Instagram: @priyankachopra
Fans also noticed that Bree and Chopra are Instagram mutuals, and that, while Jonas doesn't follow Bree, he liked her recent posts.Chopra's representatives told BuzzFeed that they "are aware" of speculation, but they didn't confirm who was in her story post.
Keith Urban
About a month later, Urban addressed the moment in an interview, telling Entertainment Tonight, "Yeah, oh, I found out. Phoebe, I'm so sorry...It felt very awkward. I felt bad. I was just digging on the concert! You never know what's gonna happen."
Julianne Moore / Via Instagram: @https://www.instagram.com/juliannemoore/?hl=en
Juan Ocampo / NBAE via Getty Images
Azalea tweeted, "Hmmm I see D'Angelo Russell is trending... I actually liked his film. Thanks bro."In a press conference, Russell said, "I feel as sick as possible. Been asked 110 times, and my answer and feeling stay same...I can't really show my face anywhere without people hating me right now. I don't know. I try to handle it the right way and remember why I'm here, which is to play basketball."He also said that he apologized to Young and regretted putting his personal life "in jeopardy." In another conference, Young said, "I think it's best that me and D'Angelo handle the situation we have in a private manner outside the media. I think it's something we really do need to sit down and talk about. That's about it. What happened is what happened. We've got to work on it."A few months later, Azalea finally called off the engagement after she allegedly caught Young bringing other women into their house while she was checking the security cameras.
Paul Archuleta / FilmMagic / Via Getty
However, 12 years later, McHale revealed that he'd actually completely manufactured the drama. On his And That's What You Really Missed podcast, he said, "We had enjoyed two very solid years of success and really great ratings, and it was the first time they had started to go down in a significant way. Because I was the one who was always checking, I was reporting back and we all knew...I don’t know who came up with it, it might’ve been a group thing,” McHale said. “So I talked to Lea. I don’t know if I talked to Cory, I think we did. And you [Jenna] were part of it...I was like, ‘I’m sitting across the room. What if I pretend to take a picture of Jenna and in the background, the very edge of frame, are Cory and Lea being a little extra snuggly?'” he recalled. “I said, ‘I’ll put it up and wait a little bit for people to notice, and then I’ll delete it, like I did something wrong.’ Because the intention was we were gonna get rumors started that Cory and Lea are dating, and people will watch the show. We were all very nervous. Lea was like, ‘Yes, absolutely, let’s do it.'"His castmates asked for continuous updates, and once a single person noticed Monteith and Michele in the background, he deleted the post — but the "Monchele riot" had already taken off.However, the most surprising part was, at the time, Michele and Monteith were actually together, unbeknownst to their costars. McHale continued, "We were at the [SAG Awards] afterparty and Lea sits me down and is like, ‘Did you know? We had actually started dating then.’ Nobody knew! Of course, everybody found shortly thereafter. But she’s like, ‘We started, like, dating that week again.'"
Khloé Kardashian / Via Instagram: @https://www.instagram.com/khloekardashian/?hl=en
Replying to a fan who told her "the people have questions," Khloé tweeted, "Welllppp I fucked this one up. Anyways….. let’s focus on something else.  Our show airs in a few day."
Jc Olivera / WireImage / Via Getty
In early 2023, Urie seemingly addressed the incident on Instagram. On Panic! at the Disco's account, he announced that the band (of which he was the only remaining member) was disbanding. He added, "But sometimes a journey must end for a new one to begin. We’ve been trying to keep it to ourselves, though some of you may have heard.. Sarah and I are expecting a baby very soon!"
Lena Dunham / Via Instagram: @https://www.instagram.com/lenadunham/?hl=en
In a series of follow-up posts, Dunham said, "You guys I know I accidentally put @Jemima_Jo_Kirke’s number on Instagram but plz do not call or text her she’s a mom...I was trying to be nice and made a huge mistake. I’m sorry Jemima Lolol."
Jeff Spicer / Getty Images
Chapman deleted the video, but about a year later, Sugg and Deyes were public with their relationship. They're still together, and they even got engaged in 2023.
">In 2019, Sabrina Carpenter meant to tag her "Girl Meets World" costar Corey Fogelmanis on Instagram, but she accidentally tagged his finsta instead, exposing the private account to the public.
Addressing the incident in a birthday post for Fogelmanis, Carpenter said, "I’m sorry i leaked your finsta and crammed eleven cookies into the VCR, but i love you more and more every day."
Amy Sussman / FilmMagic / Via Getty
In a since-deleted apology video, Mendoza said, "I was vegan — completely vegan for almost six years. It's been two months since I started incorporating eggs and fish in my diet." She explained that she began eating eggs and meat again on the advice of her doctors after experiencing health issues. She continued, "I decided to put my health first ... That's exactly why I hadn't shared it with you. For me, it's still an experiment."She later told BuzzFeed News, "Although some have put many words in my mouth and made numerous assumptions and accusations, I never said that a plant-based diet caused me to have SIBO. This [vegan] lifestyle transformed my life in so many positive ways, health included, for years...I do feel this diet has incredible benefits, and the vegan lifestyle brings a greater awareness to the way we live our life that we can all learn from and grow."
Channel 4 / Via Netflix
In a a follow-up tweet, she said, "I am so sorry to the fans of the show for my mistake this morning, I am in a different time zone and mortified by my error."At the time, Leith was in Bhutan, which has a six-hour time difference from the UK.Faldo told BBC Newsbeat, "That did come as a little bit of a surprise. All it meant for me was that everyone knew a little bit too early. I really do feel bad for Prue because she must be feeling terrible about it."She also said that she'd spoken with the judge to ensure there were "no hard feelings" and to "put her mind at ease."
Tiffany Rose / Getty Images for HollyRod Foundation
Tagging Cole, Law Roach, Zendaya's stylist, replied, "Really? And how would you know?"The outlet deleted the post. On her own Instagram account, Cole said, "My account was hacked last week. Nothing posted or said was from me. I could care less or know who was dating who. Please stop asking."Zendaya and Holland's relationship was seemingly confirmed for real three years later, when paparazzi pictures of them kissing in a car went viral.