Furniture World News Desk on
                        
                            11/21/2024
        
Dallas Market Center, the largest open daily design resource in North America, announces Design
showroom news and events for the design community taking place during its upcoming Total Home & Gift Market,
January 8-14, 2025, and Lightovation, January 8-11, which includes a Lightovation Interior Designer Preview Day on
January 7.
Pre-registration, which is the exclusive method to receive a FastPass for quicker entry, is now available at
dallasmarketcenter.com.
Design and lighting showrooms encompass more than 2 million square feet at Dallas Market Center and include iconic
brands and newer companies creating compelling designs. Permanent showrooms are complemented by a collection of
temporary booths open only during market that include design-oriented home décor, artisan items, art,
tabletop, and gifts.
The events list includes tours, seminars, and presentations from design luminaries including keynote addresses from
Barclay Butera, Tan France, and Cara Fox, plus panels that include Sabrina Soto, Corey Damon Jenkins, Breegan Jane,
Lisa McDennon, Chandler McLellan, David Kitts, Ryan Saghian, Kelsey McGregor, Dann Foley, David Kitts, Christi
Barbour, Christopher Todd, Jill Zarin, global trend expert Patti Carpenter, and many others. Plus, there are events
in association with key design organizations including ART, the American Society of Interior Designers (ASID), the
National Kitchen & Bath Association (NKBA), and others.
New and Expanded Showrooms
There are a number of additions and expansions debuting at the January show.
In the Interior Home & Design Center building is the Textile Salon (IHDC 2F215), a first for
Dallas Market Center and a shared space for fine fabrics and trim; window and floor coverings; wallpaper; and
decorative hardware. Inaugural tenants include Kravet IHDC 2F215-FG10), H&M
Designs (IHDC 2F215- FG 6), and Dallas Rugs (IHDC 2F215-FG5), with additional
exhibitors to come. The space also features a design workspace and seminar/meeting space, which will host events
during Total Home & Gift Market.
Also debuting in the IHDC is Coco & Dash To The Trade, a multi-line showroom offering art,
mirrors, pillows, lampshades, lighting, textiles, beds, bedding, lifestyle items, antiques, and interior design
services. Located in IHDC 1D106, the showroom will showcase Coco & Dash Heritage, Fete Home, Fleur Home, Jill
Seale Design Studio, Matouk, Ornis Gallery, Pooky Lighting, Reprotique, R. Lusk Studios, Savoy House, and Trey
Hoffmann Art. Additionally, showroom partners will include Thibaut, F. Schumacher & Co., Fermoie, Cowtan &
Tout, and Custom Workroom Services.
The Gallery (IHDC ID202), the shared space of design resources on the first floor, welcomes
natural stone designs from Marble Crafter (IHDC GL22), innovative doors
from Trendy Doors, (IHDC GL112), and contemporary designs in frameless, changeable, or
floating acrylic picture frames from Wexel Art (IHDC GL24).
Inside the Surya showroom (IHDC 1D321), is the debut of Mitchell Gold + Bob
Williams. Well-known and beloved for its sustainably crafted, American-made upholstery and limitless
customization, the iconic furnishings collection is back -- better than ever, and available exclusively to the
trade.
Other arrivals in the IHDC are Artvia Design (IHDC 2F433), a new location for Crestview
Collection (IHDC 2F101), previously located in the World Trade Center, and an expansion from
Porch View Home (IHDC 2F446).

In the World Trade Center, Vivian Watson Associates (WTC 6694) debuts, presenting hardware and
furniture; Oriental Trimmings (WTC 6694) and Pasha Furniture (WTC 680),
are expanding. Relocating brands include Ashore (WTC 521) and Boston
Mills (WTC 6690).
On the Trade Mart first floor, the Luxe Design Temps will debut. This neighborhood presents Dallas Market
Center’s most prestigious, curated collection of high design home accents, specialty gift & tabletop
items. Exhibitors will include Linen Salvage, Piffany Copenhagen, LX Art, Cozy Earth, Steve Snyder Turning,
Linen Casa, Etu HOME, Porto Brasil, Sincrology, and others. In addition to Temps in the Trade Mart,
there will be furniture, art, accents and vintage available in Market Hall for immediate delivery or orders.
In the Trade Mart lighting neighborhoods, a new, expanded location for the International Pavilion will debut. New in
the International Pavilion (TM 4926) are Berkana (TM 4926-1), which distributes Czech
crystal lighting, and Pooky Lighting (TM 4926-6), which offers decorative lighting at the
right price point. They join Wakanine, Zafferano, and Buster & Punch.
New showrooms for Lightovation are Alteck Lighting (TM 3383), a leader in LED design and
production; Starfire Crystal (TM 4634), a fine crystal chandelier importer;
and Viro (TM 4331), a custom lighting division of
Hammerton. Dainolite (TM 3917) is returning with their contemporary lighting. Plus,
lighting leader and maker of luxury crystal chandeliers Schonbek (TM 3303) is relocating and
expanding.
Also new in the Spectrum shared showroom (TM 4432) are Abba Lighting USA (TM 4432-21),
distributor of outdoor lighting; lighting manufacturer Dainte (TM 4432-10);
and Hanover Lantern (TM 4432-6), which offers cast-aluminum lighting.
Design Events
The events schedule for the January markets is packed full of influencers, icons, experts, and inspiring content.
Highlights include:
Tuesday, January 7
Interior Designers are invited to join fellow designers for Interior Designer Preview Day at LIGHTOVATION, North
America's largest collection of lighting brands and manufacturers.
8:30 a.m.: ASID Breakfast at Crystorama . Location: TM 3503. Crystorama and the American Society of Interior
    Designers (ASID) invite you to start Lightovation Interior Designer Preview Day in style with breakfast, an
    espresso bar, giveaways, and networking. Meet the ASID Trend Report Panelists, S. Dawn Haynie, Ph.D., ASID
    Educator, Shundra Harris, FASID, RID, NCIDQ, Michael Janicek, IES, Kathryn Nelson, ASID, RID, NCIDQ, and
    Veronica Sanders, ASID Allied before they hit the stage at 10am to share "Highlights of ASID's Top Trends in
    Interior Design". RSVP: pr@crystorama.com 
10 a.m.: Highlights of ASID's Top Trends in Interior Design. Location: TM 4926 - International Pavilion
The American Society of Interior Designers’ (ASID) Trends Outlook report presents the latest changes in our
world that impact interior design—including shifts in population, economy, society, lifestyles, methods of
work, new technologies, and the environment. Hear from ASID Research Fellow, Dr. Dawn Haynie, and leading designers
on the findings of the new 2025 report joined by panelists Shundra Harris, CEO and Principal Designer,
Shundra Harris Interiors; Michael Janicek, Senior Specialist, Lighting Design and Senior Associate at
Corgan; Kathryn NelsonOwner & Principal Designer, Kathryn Nelson Design; and Veronica Sanders,
Owner, Design with Veronica Sanders, LLC
11 a.m. ASID Trend Lighting Showroom Tour. Location: Meet at TM 4926 - International Pavilion. Join ASID's
    Senior Manager of Development, Shane Jones, and Nichelle Hosley, ASID Texas Chapter President-Elect and
    Principal of N2Spaces in San Antonio, TX, on a tour through Lightovation Showrooms to see firsthand how the
    trends inside the ASID Trends Outlook Report are being used in lighting product design and beyond.
Noon: Maxim Presents Designer Lunch with Modern Luxury. Location: Maxim showroom (TM 3901).
1 p.m.: Form and Function: Insights from Leading Product Designers on the Art and Impact of Light in Interiors
    with Modern Luxury. Location: TM 3 - N. Elevator Lobby. Join Jane Humphrey of Modern Luxury and top
    lighting product designers, Chandler McLellan (Hudson Valley Lighting Group | Troy Lighting), David Kitts
    (Hubbardton Forge), Ryan Saghian (Studio M), and Kelsey McGregor (Alora | Alora Mood), as they explore the
    latest trends, creative processes, and inspirations behind their work.
2 p.m.: Inside the Designer's Vision: A Guided Showroom Tour with Leading Lighting Innovators. Location: Meet in
    the TM 3 - N. Elevator Lobby. Following the panel, join our featured product designers, Chandler McLellan
    (Hudson Valley Lighting Group | Troy Lighting), David Kitts (Hubbardton Forge), Ryan Saghian (Studio M), Kelsey
    McGregor (Alora | Alora Mood) and DMC's Ginger Hartford on a tour of their showrooms. Get an insider look into
    the process, the product, and the team they work with to produce their lines.
3 p.m.: KEYNOTE: In Conversation with Barclay Butera: Lifestyle, Business, and the Art of Lighting. Location: TM
    4 - N. Elevator Lobby. Explore the artistry and business acumen behind Barclay Butera’s renowned design
    work in this exclusive conversation as Barclay shares his approach to chic lifestyle and luxury design, his
    collaboration with Fine Art Lamps, and the integral role of lighting in shaping and enhancing spaces. Gain
    insights into his design philosophy, industry trends, and practical advice on achieving elegance through
    lighting.
4 p.m.: Fine Art Handcrafted Lighting: Interior Designer & Lighting Happy Hour with Barclay Butera.
    Location: TM 4705. Fine Art Handcrafted Lighting invites you to the exclusive launch of the Embark Collection by
    Barclay Butera Couture. Mix & mingle with iconic interior designer Barclay Butera and be among the first to
    experience the Embark Collection, a breathtaking series of lighting fixtures distinguished by marine-inspired
    hues, moody amber glass, and contemporary white-chic tones, alongside naturally inspired shapes like waves and
    sails.
4 p.m.: Hubbardton Forge: Your Creativity Unleashed. Location: TM 3725. Wrap up your day with a toast and learn
    more about SNAPS a new era in versatility. MODULAR. SCALABLE.CUSTOMIZABLE. See the largest product introduction
    in Hubbardton Forge's history, entering a new half-century of design!
4 p.m.: Interior Designer VIP Preview of Luxe Design. Location: TM 1. Dallas Market Center invites Interior
    Designers for an exclusive preview of Luxe Design in the Trade Mart Pavilion. This juried collection of
    temporaries features DMC's most prestigious, curated collection of high design home accents, specialty gift
    & tabletop items. Enjoy drinks, light bites, fun giveaways, and discover unique luxury items to complete
    every lifestyle design.
Wednesday, January 8
8:30 a.m.: IHDC Designer Coffee Stop. Location: The Textile Salon, IHDC 2F215.
9 a.m.: Buyer Scoop. Location: WTC 1-Atrium. Join us for tips and tricks on navigating Dallas Market Center.
    
10 a.m.: Lightovation Scoop. Location: TM 1: Koi Pond. Are you new to Lightovation or just in need of some
    additional information on navigating the show? Visit us at the Trade Mart Koi Pond to get the scoop on all
    things Lightovation.
11 a.m.: 11 a.m.: Illuminating Trends: Applying ASID’s 2025 Trends Outlook Report to Lighting and Retail.
    Location: TM 4 - Elevator Lobby. Discover the top 10 trends from the ASID 2025 Trends Outlook Report, sponsored
    by Lightovation and Sherwin-Williams. Learn how these key trends impact lighting design, application, and retail
    displays. Join experts Heather Fujikawa, Kirsten Recce, and Jeff Dross in a discussion with ASID Research Fellow
    S. Dawn Haynie, PhD. Attendees will receive a link to download the full report post-show.
1 p.m.: Decorative Lighting & Well Building Standard - Who Knew? 1.0 HSW CEU. Location: International
    Pavilion, TM 4926. Careful utilization of decorative lighting can influence achievement of over 10% of the
    features comprising the WELL building standard. The key concepts of the standard are described and the features
    that are positively impacted by decorative fixtures are examined. Good acoustics within a space can contribute
    to achievement of WELL certification. The history of acoustics along with the key elements of NRC, Sabin and
    RT60 are explained. Acoustic fixtures currently available are reviewed and specification/selection criteria
    explained. WELL standards that are accomplished via use of biophilia, beauty and sculpture are reviewed along
    with the task light WELL feature.  Attendees of this session, which is presented by WakaNINE, will earn 1.0
    HSW CEU.
4 p.m.: Uttermost 50th Anniversary Celebration. Location: WTC 268/IHDC 2F128.
Thursday, January 9
8:30 a.m.: IHDC Designer Coffee Stop. Location: The Textile Salon, IHDC 2F215.
9 a.m.: Buyer Scoop. Location: WTC 1-Atrium. Join us for tips and tricks on navigating Dallas Market Center.
    
10 a.m.: Lightovation Scoop. Location: TM 1: Koi Pond. Are you new to Lightovation or just in need of some
    additional information on navigating the show? Visit us at the Trade Mart Koi Pond to get the scoop on all
    things Lightovation.
10 a.m.: Meet & Greet with Thomas O’Brien. Location: Visual Comfort, IHDC 1D111. Celebrate with Visual
    Comfort & Co. and Thomas O’Brien as we preview of his new Academy Barn Light Series.
10:30 a.m.: East Coast vs. West Coast: Reality Wars with Jill Zarin & Sabrina Soto - Texas Showdown.
    Location: WTC 1-Atrium. Experience an exciting style showdown as design icons Jill Zarin and Sabrina Soto,
    moderated by Johnathan Miller of JSquared Design, explore East Coast vs. West Coast aesthetics. Sponsored by
    Unique Loom and Dallas Market Center, the panel will highlight their rug collections and together, they’ll
    explore what it means to meet in the middle—in Texas style. Attendees will walk away inspired by regional
    design influences and the power of rugs to anchor and elevate any space.
1 p.m.: Secrets of design for successful staging, retail and vacation rental design. Location: Pasha Home, WTC
    680. Leading Experts share their top 3 design perspectives in Sourcing & Photo Styling for Retail, Staging,
    and Vacation Rental Design with panelists Nikki Watson, Jessica Duce, and Sarah Lambert Home with Ginger
    Hartford, moderating.
2 p.m.: Patti Carpenter Reports & IHDC Home Accents Trend Tour. Location: The Textile Salon, IHDC 2F215. Get
    inspired and informed with Patti Carpenter, Global Trend Ambassador, as she reports on color, materials, prints,
    and surface design in the US Home Decor market for 2025 and beyond. Join her after the presentation at 3pm for a
    tour of the Interior Home & Design Center as Patti introduces you to key showroom contacts and
    contextualizes her talk by showcasing trending Home Accent product in 2025.
2 p.m.: Design Debuts with Jonathan Scott. Location: Visual Comfort, IHDC 1D111. Join Celebrity Designer
    Jonathan Scott as he showcases the new product introductions in the Drew & Jonathan Collection for Visual
    Comfort & Co.
4 p.m.: Coco & Dash To The Trade Grand Opening: a ribbon cutting and celebration inside the showroom located
    in IHDC 1D106.
5 p.m.: Fireside Chat with ARTS Awards Product Designer Finalists & Sharon Davis. Location: IHDC 2F212. Kick
    off the excitement for the 35th Annual ARTS Awards with an exclusive panel discussion featuring product design
    finalists who are shaping the home accents industry. Designers David Kitts, Dann Foley, Breegan Jane, and Lisa
    McDennon will share their insights on design trends, sources of inspiration, and what excites them about the
    future of product design. Moderated by Sharon Davis, this lively discussion will also include revealing the
    unique perspective and personality behind each designer’s work. Don’t miss this inspiring
    conversation with industry leaders ahead of awards night!
6 p.m.: 35th ARTS Awards Gallery Preview Party. Location: IHDC 2F212. Join us the night before
    the 35th Annual ARTS Awards gala for an exclusive Preview Party, celebrating the remarkable talent of this
    year's honorees. Step into a curated gallery showcasing standout products from our manufacturing and product
    design finalists, offering a unique preview of the innovation and craftsmanship that define the home industry.
    Mingle with finalists, industry leaders, and fellow guests as you explore these exceptional pieces up close, all
    in anticipation of the awards celebration.
Friday, January 10
8:30 a.m.: IHDC Designer Coffee Stop. Location: The Textile Salon, IHDC 2F215.
9 a.m.: Buyer Scoop. Location: WTC 1-Atrium. Join us for tips and tricks on navigating Dallas Market Center.
    
9:30 a.m.: DMC Live Podcast Studio: Redesigning Life with Sabrina Soto. Location: WTC 12-Temps. Join us
    live from market for a taping of Redesigning Life, where TV personality and designer Sabrina Soto hosts
    open, honest conversations on life, growth, and purpose. This special market edition will feature insights and
    stories from top designers, retailers, and gift exhibitors, bringing inspiration and a fresh perspective on
    redesigning life and business. Come for motivation, connection, and a reminder that we can all use a little
    redesign sometimes.
10 a.m.: Lightovation Scoop. Location: TM 1: Koi Pond. Are you new to Lightovation or just in need of some
    additional information on navigating the show? Visit us at the Trade Mart Koi Pond to get the scoop on all
    things Lightovation.
10 a.m.: KEYNOTE: Build Your Dream House with Tan France & Cara Fox. Location: WTC 1-Atrium. Join iconic
    fashion designer, entrepreneur, and television personality, Tan France for an exclusive conversation with
    renowned interior designer Cara Fox, of The Fox Group, as they discuss the exciting journey of building
    Tan’s dream home in the picturesque landscape of Utah. In this intimate, behind-the-scenes event, Tan
    & Cara share their design preferences, vision, and the highs and lows of working to create a space that
    perfectly reflects his personality, lifestyle, and love for classic elegance with a modern twist.
10 a.m.: Book Signing with Marie Flanigan. Location: Visual Comfort, IHDC 1D111. Meet our acclaimed design
    partner Marie Flanigan and receive a signed copy of her new book, The Perfect Room. *Limited to first 100
    customers.
11 a.m.: Luxe Design Brunch. Location: TM 1 Atrium. Enjoy brunch bites, a seasonal spritz, and exploration of
    this juried collection of temporaries featuring DMC's most prestigious, curated collection of high design home
    accents, specialty gift & tabletop items.
Noon: Speaking of Retail: A Collective of Conversations -- Studio to Storefront, Making the Journey from Design
    to Brick & Mortar. Location: The Textile Salon-IHDC 2F215. Join as retail experts share experiences and
    strategies for overcoming challenges, attracting customers, and balancing a studio-based design business with
    the demands of a physical store environment. Panelist include Teddie & Courtney Garrigan | Coco & Dash;
    Susan Hoechner | Barbara Stewart Interiors; and Jamie Merida | Bountiful Home.
1:30 p.m.: Fireside Chat with ARTS Awards Interior Design Finalists with Patti Carpenter. Location: WTC
    1-Atrium. Join us before the 35th ARTS Awards for an inspiring panel featuring some of our talented interior
    designer finalists: Ginger Curtis, Christi Barbour, Corey Damen Jenkins, and Christopher Todd. Moderated by the
    renowned Patti Carpenter, this discussion will delve into current design trends, the business of interior
    design, and the year ahead. Expect an engaging session with insights, inspiration, and some fun!
6 p.m. 35th ARTS Awards. Location: Hilton Anatole. Reservations Required. Join Dallas Market Center
    and ART for the 35th ARTS Awards Gala, the premier awards program in the U.S. honoring top
    manufacturers, retailers, designers, and sales representatives.
About Dallas Market Center
 Dallas Market Center is a global business-to-business trade center and the leading wholesale marketplace in North
America connecting retailers and interior designers with top manufacturers in home décor, furniture, gifts,
lighting and fashion. Inside its dynamic, five million square foot campus, nearly 200,000 customers from all 50
states and 85 countries seek industry trends, business education and new products from exhibitors throughout the
year via dominant trade events for gift, home décor, holiday and floral; the nation’s most
comprehensive apparel and accessories markets featuring the latest styles from East Coast and West Coast designers;
the world’s  largest western marketplace, opening in 2021; the largest residential lighting trade event
in North America; and the largest and most successful open-daily design center. The marketplace is located in the
strongest economic zone in the country. In addition, more than 80 percent of Dallas Market Center buyers report that
they do not shop other market centers. To make plans for upcoming markets, visit the Dallas Market Center website and download the Dallas Market Center and Lightovation Apps. Also, keep
up-to-date on all information by visiting Dallas Market Center on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and the Dallas Market Center blog.

Subscribe to Furniture World


                                        © 2006 -
                                2025, All Rights Reserved
                                        Furniture World Magazine
                                        1333-A North Avenue
                                        New Rochelle, NY 10804
                                        914-235-3095
                                        Fax: 914-235-3278
                                        E-Mail: russ@furninfo.com
                                        Last Updated: 5/4/2025
                                    
Consent Preferences

Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


Site designed by Armanda Designs

Keep up to date with the latest industry news, retail tips, pre-market information and articles from the editors at Furniture World Magazine. We will also send you occasional invitations and offers from furnishings manufacturers and industry suppliers. Your information will not be shared or used for any other purpose.
Please select your primary business below to get the latest home furnishings industry news at no charge.

Retail List


Manufacturer/Importer/ Industry Supplier