Plan your posts with ease
Manage incoming messages from multiple social channels
Stay informed about market trends and competitors
Promote your organic content and manage paid ads
Measure your results across all social networks
Industry-leading courses and certifications to advance your skills.
Tips and tricks from the world’s most widely-read social media marketing blog.
Research and insights that will help guide you to success on social.
Interactive sessions with the brightest minds in social.
Join us for some fun online and IRL.
Browse help articles and FAQs
Get help from our team of experts
Answers to all your questions about Hootsuite
The best Instagram captions add context, show off your brand’s personality, entertain your audience and compel people to take action.
An Instagram caption is the text that appears along with an Instagram photo or video.
It’s a word (or emoji) based opportunity to elevate your content, provide context, share information, or joke around. It can be up to 2,200 characters. That’s a lot of room for words, but experts generally recommend not writing essay-length captions: the best ones communicate effectively and efficiently. 150-ish characters is a good benchmark.
Instagram captions can be SEO-optimized and help your ranking in Instagram’s algorithm—in other words, captions are one of the elements the platform analyzes to determine what your content is about and who should see it.
Essentially, captions are a tool for sharing your brand with your audience, and taking your content up a notch.
Keep scrolling for a free caption generator to do your brainstorming for you, plus 311 caption ideas for your upcoming content.
Additionally, we tapped Angela Vannatter, Social Media Manager of Vancouver’s Earnest Ice Cream, for her best practices on caption-writing to make Instagram marketing a breeze.
We can do this the easy way, or—nah, let’s just do it the easy way.
Hootsuite’s free Instagram caption generator is powered by AI and will write original, optimized captions for you in a snap.
Please note: This tool may display inaccurate or offensive material that doesn’t represent Hootsuite’s views. You’re solely responsible for use of any content generated using this tool, including its compliance with applicable laws and third party rights.
You can also use Hootsuite’s built-in Owlywriter AI tool to help you come up with awesome captions.
OwlyWriter AI instantly generates captions and content ideas for every social media network. It’s seriously easy.
If you need more IG caption inspiration—specifically, hundreds of examples ready for copying and pasting—scroll on.
Short is smart when it comes to the perfect Instagram caption.
Short captions won’t get cut off, meaning the entire caption is readable to Instagram users without them taking that extra step to see more. Plus, they have a carefree vibe.
Source: @​​ilonamaher
Short, meet shorter. Say a lot with a single word with these caption ideas.
Source: @reneerap
Long Instagram captions are more effective when they’re more personal. You’ll want a hook to pull users in.
Quotes are helpful for longer captions, too (if you can’t think of your own words, use someone else’s!)
Create. Schedule. Publish. Engage. Measure. Win.
Humour rules on the ‘gram—laughs get likes, so let your silly side show.
Source: @chappellroan
You want adorable? We got you.
Source: @nala_cat
Another year older, and several Instagram captions wiser—here’s our gift to you.
Source: @tikatheiggy
You don’t need an excuse to post on Instagram, but the first signs of spring are cause for celebration (and worthy of a sunshine-y caption).
Source: @celsiafloral
The best season, in my opinion, with the best lighting for photos and videos—here’s how to caption them.
Source: @burdockandco
If loving fall is basic, well… I guess we all are. Here are some autumnal captions for your Instagram.
Source: @honolulucoffeeyvr
Source: @beaucoupbakery
Selfies are always a little awkward, but a good caption takes the cringe away.
Source: @tatemcrae
Once you’ve both agreed on the photo that gets your best angles, of course.
Source: @vancityreynolds
Soft launch or hard, these captions say locked-in.
Source: @ptanuvasa
Probably the hardest thing you’ll have to write besides your vows.
Source: @gardenpartyflowers
Here are some ideas worthy of prom queen status.
Source: @vj_couture
Make sure you unplug during your time away–except to post some well-caption content, of course.
Source: @oliviarodrigo
Captions fit for big city living.
Source: @annacathcart
There’s nothing chiller than a photo of a beach: give your caption that same sunny vibe.
Source: @bretmanrock
Getting that perfect sunset shot is half the battle. Now, it’s time to give it a glowy caption.
Source: @oliveandbeanphoto
For people who hike or people who pretend to like hiking.
Source: @patagonia
An emoji says a thousand words (which is ideal when characters are limited).
Source: @sabrinacarpenter
These memorable captions will stop the most exuberant Story swipers.
A very important final step before publishing your Reel masterpiece.
PSA: Need more Reel caption inspo? Here are 276 extra content ideas.
We’ve listed some top Instagram hashtags here, but hashtags are always best when they’re specific—try using Hootsuite’s AI hashtag generator to get suggestions catered to your brand and content.
For the inside scoop (sorry) on captions for social media marketing, we asked Angela Vannatter, social media manager of Vancouver’s Earnest Ice Cream, to dish out her advice.
Your Instagram captions should be consistent with your brand’s personality and voice, but can change slightly compared to other platforms.
For example, Vannatter notes that Earnest’s TikTok captions differ from its Instagram captions. “Our tone is playful, but not silly, per se,” she explains.
Source: @earnesticecream
“Stay true to your core voice, but give yourself the flexibility to adapt based on the strengths of the platforms you’re posting on,” she continues.
Asking questions in your captions can be a great way to increase engagement on your Instagram post because users are encouraged to leave comments.
“Our social is our primary way to gather feedback from our audience—we are continuously asking folks what flavours they’d like to see return, which pints they are sad to see go, etc,” Vannatter shares.
Source: @earnesticecream
Just don’t forget to also monitor responses and listen to the answers. 
“What’s the point of asking the question if you’re not going to consider the answers?” she says. “Make sure the questions you’re asking are purposeful and relevant to the conversation around your product.”
A call to action directs your Instagram audience to stop scrolling and take, well, action—this might mean visiting your website, signing up for your newsletter, or visiting your link in bio.
“I have a three-prong approach to our captions that lead to a CTA,” says Vannatter. 
“One, describe the product. Two, describe its urgency (is it available for a limited time, etc.). Three, explain how people can get it. Making sure the path leading up to your CTA is clear is important. A CTA is nothing without a build-up!”
Hashtags can help your post reach more people, but you also want to reach the right people—those who are likely to connect with your brand or buy your product.
“Given our market is fairly small and locally focussed—we don’t ship product or have any kind of e-commerce component to the business—I choose relevant hashtags based on what people would be most likely to search related to our product,” Vannatter shares. 
Hashtags like #icecreaminvancouver and #vancouvericecream are usual suspects.
“For hashtags, I ask myself what questions my product solves and pick tags towards those inquiries,” says Vannatter.
“I find the strongest social accounts have a sense of humor, and authenticity to how someone would normally speak, or write,” says Vannatter.
Even though there’s planning and marketing strategy behind your captions, they shouldn’t sound forced. “While you’re not running a personal account, there is still a person behind the caption,” Vanatter says. 
“The more personable your voice, the better!”
Source: @earnesticecream
Captions offer you a chance to add context to visuals, showcase your brand’s personality, and spark engagement. For example, pairing a great photo with a question or a witty hook can boost comments and shares, which signals Instagram’s algorithm to show your post to more people.
The answer depends on your goals. Short captions (under 100 characters) work for quick, punchy impact, while longer, personal ones (over 300 characters) can hook followers with storytelling or quotes. Experiment with both and check your analytics to see what your audience responds to best. The maximum caption length on Instagram is 2,200 characters, but aim for quality over quantity.
Here are a few things you can do:
Save time managing Instagram for business using Hootsuite. From a single dashboard, you can create, schedule and publish posts directly to Instagram, engage your audience, measure performance and run all your other social media profiles. Try it free today.
Save time and grow faster with OwlyWriter AI, the tool that instantly generates social media captions and content ideas.
Get smarter about social — starting now.
Alyssa is a freelance writer, editor and illustrator based in Vancouver, BC. Her portfolio ranges from lifestyle articles to travel journalism to restaurant reviews to technical writing to editing annual reports for non-profits—she wears a lot of hats (metaphorically... in real life, she rarely wears hats).
Trish Riswick is the Social Marketing Team Lead at Hootsuite. Over the past 6 years, Trish has worked her way from a freelance social media manager to a small marketing team to an enterprise-level company. At Hootsuite, Trish wears many hats but her main role is to build a strong online community with Hootsuite’s 9+ million followers. She also utilizes social listening tools daily to stay on top of trends and the competition, hosts webinars, and enjoys creating videos for TikTok.
A great caption for your Instagram Reels should never be an afterthought. We’ve got 200+ caption ideas to help spark your imagination.
Automatic subtitles make your Instagram videos more accessible and engaging. Here’s how to create and edit your own.
Instagram analytics tools help you track performance and pin down opportunities for improvement. These are the best options available.
We analyzed over 1 million social posts from businesses of all sizes to find the absolute best times to post on Instagram.
Create. Schedule. Publish. Engage. Measure. Win.

        3,000+ 5-star reviews ★ ★ ★ ★ ★