By CHARLOTTE VOSSEN FOR YOU MAGAZINE 
 Published:  12:42, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  12:42, 13 December 2024   
View  comments
Nothing signals the start of winter quite like the return of the bob. Each cold-weather season, the mid-length cut gains popularity for many reasons: it’s easier to manage than long hair, pairs well with all the layers we’re wearing (think scarves, turtlenecks and coats), and it feels fitting to transition into the New Year with a new do.
A-listers have caught onto the trend too. Just last week, Kendall Jenner posted a video on TikTok showing off her flippy, jaw-grazing bob, while Keira Knightely introduced a wavy take on the trend during her press tour for her new Netflix thriller Black Doves, and Selena Gomez has been making a case for a shoulder-grazing bob with lots of bounce and volume. 
A bob is favoured by the A-list for its volume, bounce and low maintenance 
Now that the weather outside is frightful (IYKYK), the bob is having another moment – and for good reason. ‘It’s flattering on absolutely everyone,’ says Bobby Collier (@thehairystylist), hair stylist at Larry King. ‘That’s why I think it’s such a nice haircut. It’s low maintenance and works with all hair types.’
That being said, there are a few things to consider before going for the chop.
You don’t have to go ultra-short. ‘A bob can sit anywhere in the gap between your jawline and shoulders,’ says Collier. ‘It just needs to have that “swing.”
Your face shape is an important factor. While a bob should suit your style and personality, certain iterations do work better with certain faces.
For a round face, Collier prefers a textured bob with a flick that can be tonged or waved, and possibly even some face-framing layers ‘to close off the face’.
Those with a heart-shaped or oval face could opt for a cute and quintessential French bob above the jawline. ‘This will work well with a grown-out fringe à la Sabrina Carpenter.’
‘Someone with a square-shaped face shouldn’t go for a chin-length cut as this will only accentuate their strong, angular jawline.’ Instead, Collier suggests a swinging, shoulder-grazing bob.
A shoulder-grazing bob works well with square faces 
A diamond-shaped face, meanwhile, can get away with a sharp, angled bob that matches up with the jawline and is a bit more structured.
And a rectangular face should avoid a fringe as it would be a bit ‘too boxy’. Instead, Collier suggests keeping it on the longer side. ‘Texture and layers will work well.’
‘Often when people cut their long hair into a bob, they think it needs to be a sleek number,’ he explains. ‘Obviously, if you’re going for more of a chic French bob look, it’s best to do it straight. But I like a bob with texture and movement, like a soft wave.’
‘A bob is considered “easier” to maintain because there’s less hair. This is true on a day-to-day basis because you’ve already got that structure to work with,’ says Collier, ‘but you’ll need to get it trimmed every six weeks to maintain the shape and length.’

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group