By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:30, 25 September 2024   |  Updated:  22:55, 25 September 2024   
 27
View  comments
Kelly Clarkson is famed for her 'Kellyoke' covers of other artists' songs on The Kelly Clarkson Show and, on Tuesday, she wowed fans alongside her guest Miranda Lambert.
The 42-year-old producer-host and the 40-year-old country crooner harmonized beautifully as they performed an acoustic cover of Chappell Roan's new single Good Luck, Babe! alongside guitarist Jaco Caraco.
Kelly possesses powerful, three-octave soprano pipes and the 26-year-old flame-haired pop star (born Kayleigh Rose Amstutz) reportedly has the same exact vocal range.
But one look at the Instagram comments of the viral clip revealed how much fans preferred Clarkson's rendition of Chappell's No. 4 hit on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Instagram user @crispy205 wrote: 'I want a radio station where Kelly sings all the songs instead of the original singers lol!'
Kelly Clarkson is famed for her 'Kellyoke' covers of other artists' songs on The Kelly Clarkson Show and, on Tuesday, she wowed fans alongside her guest Miranda Lambert
'We need a Chappell duet with Kelly!' Instagram user @zachary_af commented.
Instagram user @johngymnast wrote: 'Again Kelly proves she has the best vocals in the universe! 100% crushed it again. And again. And again!'
'This sounds so good omg Kelly and her immaculate vocals with Miranda's alto voice. Damn,' Instagram user @maridelcathleen commented.
Instagram user @theonlygingermatt wrote: 'And this is another example of why Kelly Clarkson will be forever one of the greatest vocalist of all time. We love you.'
'Now I know the words!' Instagram user @julieawolfe62 commented.
'[I] couldn't figure out what that lady was saying! They sing it better that u can understand it!'
Instagram user @kcklatt wrote: 'Rip to the gay internet!'
The three-time Grammy winner isn't the only one either as Sabrina Carpenter covered Good Luck, Babe on BBC Radio's Live Lounge in June, and the Jonas Brothers covered the trendy track during their August 3 concert in Florida.
The 42-year-old producer-host (R) and the 40-year-old country crooner (M) harmonized beautifully as they performed an acoustic cover of Chappell Roan's new single Good Luck, Babe! alongside guitarist Jaco Caraco (L)
Kelly possesses powerful, three-octave soprano pipes and the 26-year-old flame-haired pop star (R, born Kayleigh Rose Amstutz) reportedly has the same exact vocal range
But one look at the Instagram comments of the viral clip revealed how much fans preferred Clarkson's rendition of Chappell's No. 4 hit on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart
Instagram user @crispy205 wrote: 'I want a radio station where Kelly sings all the songs instead of the original singers lol!'
Instagram user @johngymnast commented: 'Again Kelly proves she has the best vocals in the universe! 100% crushed it again. And again. And again!'
Instagram user @theonlygingermatt wrote: 'And this is another example of why Kelly Clarkson will be forever one of the greatest vocalist of all time. We love you'
Instagram user @julieawolfe62 commented: 'Now I know the words! [I] couldn't figure out what that lady was saying! They sing it better that u can understand it!'
Instagram user @kcklatt wrote: 'Rip to the gay internet!'
The three-time Grammy winner isn't the only one either as Sabrina Carpenter (pictured) covered Good Luck, Babe on BBC Radio's Live Lounge in June, and the Jonas Brothers covered the trendy track during their August 3 concert in Florida
Roan - who refuses to endorse Kamala Harris for president - co-wrote the synth-pop/baroque pop track with Justin Tranter and Dan Nigro, releasing it April 5, and she's described it as 'the first song of the next chapter' (pictured Wednesday)
The former YouTube sensation has had a meteoric rise in the music industry after opening for Olivia Rodrigo's $94.2M-grossing Guts World Tour in the spring (pictured Monday)
Some have dubbed Roan 'Chappell Moan' for her ungrateful attitude and refusal to accept alleged 'stalking' and 'harassment' as 'normal' behavior from her fans 
When the Missouri-born lesbian won the Moonperson trophy for best new artist at the MTV VMAs on September 11, she dedicated it to drag artists that inspire her 
Chappell - who gets 45.4M monthly listeners on Spotify - is next scheduled to bring her 98-date The Midwest Princess Tour to the All Things Go festival, which will be held at Forest Hills Stadium in Forest Hills, NY this Saturday
Roan - who refuses to endorse Kamala Harris for president - co-wrote the synth-pop/baroque pop track with Justin Tranter and Dan Nigro, releasing it April 5, and she's described it as 'the first song of the next chapter.'
The former YouTube sensation has had a meteoric rise in the music industry after opening for Olivia Rodrigo's $94.2M-grossing Guts World Tour in the spring.
Chappell - who's been diagnosed with severe depression and bipolar II disorder - speaks to a therapist twice a week to handle her new celebrity status.
Some have dubbed Roan 'Chappell Moan' for her ungrateful attitude and refusal to accept alleged 'stalking' and 'harassment' as 'normal' behavior from her fans.
When the Missouri-born lesbian won the Moonperson trophy for best new artist at the MTV VMAs on September 11, she dedicated it to drag artists that inspire her.
Chappell - who gets 45.4M monthly listeners on Spotify - is next scheduled to bring her 98-date The Midwest Princess Tour to the All Things Go festival, which will be held at Forest Hills Stadium in Forest Hills, NY this Saturday.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group