Music critic Patrick McCarthy wrote that Dan + Shay's Syracuse concert felt like a "cookie-cutter caricature of country music." The pop duo performed at the Empower Amp at Lakeview on Friday, July 26, 2024.Patrick McCarthy
Pop heartthrobs Dan + Shay played a 95-minute show to a full house at the Empower FCU Amphitheater on Friday, the most recent stop on their Heartbreak on the Map tour to support their 2023 album Bigger Houses.
The three-time Grammy Award-winning duo previously played the Turning Stone in fall of 2023. Their continued success landed them on the stage of one of the biggest houses around, the Amp at Lakeview, in front of an adoring Syracuse audience. Dan + Shay were flanked by a four-piece band and the type of lights and video effects you might expect to see at a Sabrina Carpenter or The Killers concert (and they even covered “Mr. Brightside”).
Beginning at 8:55 with “All Nighter,” the duo rolled through some of their biggest hits, such as “All to Myself” before addressing the crowd. After “Good Things,” Dan said, “Y’all might be in for it man, when the weather’s nice like this, we might add to the setlist.”
“This weather is too good to not play a million songs,” Shay echoed his partner.
But past setlists reveal that the duo played the exact same setlist for each stop on the tour, evidently opting out of actually making good on playing extra songs.
The unnecessary tease wasn’t the only thing that felt dishonest about Dan + Shay.
There’s nothing wrong with making pop music and inflecting a country aesthetic – but that aesthetic should be more than a fake accent and cowboy boots. In the backing video for “I Should Probably Go to Bed,” we saw animations of performers playing fiddles and upright basses – traditional country instruments which weren’t actually featured at all on the stage.
When they played “We Should Get Married,” they even put on rhinestone jackets for half the song – a good depiction of two guys that clearly perceive country as a costume to be donned and discarded at leisure.
“Country music has changed our lives and it’s the only thing we’ve ever wanted to do,” Shay said.
Whether or not they want to make country music, that’s not exactly what they are doing. There’s nothing wrong with making pop music, but there is something wrong with pretending it’s something more than that. The genre is all about the everyman, music for the working class. What do two judges on “The Voice” know about the day-to-day struggles of the average American? Country is supposed to feel organic, but the duo’s antics felt artificial and hollow.
During the Justin Bieber collaboration “10,000 Hours,” Dan got on his knees and gyrated like something out of Flashdance. He displayed so much vanity in 90 minutes, he probably thinks Carly Simon once wrote a song about him.
Speaking like a true country musician, Dan said, “This vibe is maximum, it’s a maximum vibe.”
Finishing the show with an encore of “Save Me the Trouble,” “Speechless,” and “Tequila,” Dan + Shay had nearly blown the roof off the big house.
But with their endless declarations of their true-blue country credentials, they had made the face-painted members of Kiss look authentic.
The difference between these two and say, Hall and Oates, is the strange insistence on claiming to be something they are not. They’re about as country as a Cosmopolitan. Dan puts on an exaggerated Southern accent like a campaigning politician giving a stump speech in a Bible Belt swing state, but the mask slipped early and often throughout the show. The whole act felt like a cookie-cutter caricature of country music, as if you had described Shania Twain, Brad Paisley, and Blake Shelton to an AI chat bot and asked it to design a safe, shiny duo in that vein.
If country music is homegrown, Dan + Shay’s discography tastes of GMOs.
It’s the sort of inoffensive, easy-listening Muzak you expect to hear in a grocery store. Which is fine, and it made a lot of people happy. But the music was country without calluses, chock full of the minor fall and major lift of formulaic, four-chord songs from fraudsters aping an Average Joe-existence.
Nevertheless, the duo will certainly continue to perform in bigger and bigger houses – maybe even the Dome next time they’re in CNY.
To paraphrase Megadeth, though, Dan + Shay’s country cosplay sells… but who’s buying?
All Nighter
Alone Together
All to Myself
Make or Break
Breakin’ Up With a Broken Heart
Good Things
You
I Should Probably Go to Bed
How Not To
Heartbreak on the Map
We Should Get Married
From the Ground Up
Always Gonna Be
10,000 Hours
Bigger Houses
Glad You Exist
Mr. Brightside (The Killers cover)
19 You + Me
Save Me the Trouble
Speechless
Tequila
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices