Every year brings its fair share of buzzworthy trends, with 2024 seeing some odd fashion and interior choices. As we get ready to step into 2025, it's time to leave some of those trends behind, and some people might not be happy to hear it.
2024 saw some strange trends emerge online, with TikTok to thank for some of the most bizarre makeup and fashion choices we've seen in years. As we enter into a new year in January, plenty of people will be following the traditional motto of "new year new me" as they shed their old ways and move forward in 2025.
If you're worried about what might be left behind in 2024, don't fear as we've predicted the five things most likely to be officially out in the new year ahead of time.
Strangely, 2024 saw the rise of a drug called Ozempic. Despite officially being an anti-diabetic medication, thousands of people opted to use it as a weight loss option, aimed at reducing appetite.
Plenty of celebs were accused of using the drug in 2024, including singer Lizzo who mocked critics after dressing up as her own-branded weight loss drug in October. And despite its weight-loss benefits, the drug is actually a very important treatment for type 2 diabetes.
The NHS have faced supply issues this year, with many opting to get the medication privately. But despite its rise to fame in 2024, we expect to see if die off fairly soon as health experts issue warnings for using it unnecessarily.
It's official, Dryrobes are out in 2025. Although they hit headlines earlier this year when celebs like Harry Style and Davina McCall were spotted wearing them, it's fair to say it's time to let them go.
The £165 towel coat - which is actually aimed at wild swimmers needing some relief from the harsh weather - has been spotted on the likes of the London Underground, in town centres and even in restaurants as people wear them for all the wrong reasons. Although handy for those who need them, it's time to leave them behind in 2024.
Hear me out, it's time this interior trend is left behind. Boucle furniture has been popular for the last few years, with celebs and influencers alike showing off their boucle sofas and armchairs in their lavish homes.
And it's not just me who wants to see it go, with A-List designer Julien Seban telling ELLE Decor: "I’m so tired of the white bouclé!"
"Clients are [also] increasingly tired of generic, cookie-cutter design—everything looking the same, especially in ‘Instagrammable’ interiors. They want spaces that feel unique and authentic. They want more colour in their life."
If anyone has watched a makeup tutorial on TikTok this year, you will know all about blusher blindness. Celebs like Sabrina Carpenter have made blusher have a comeback in 2024, with bright pink cheek being the look of choice this year.
But we've all seen someone with what has become known as "blusher-blindness", a term used when someone has applied far too much blusher but doesn't realise it. It became popular to not only just liquid blusher, but also powder blusher.
Some makeup-gurus have even been applying it on their foreheads and nose, giving a "natural sun-burn aesthetic". But we suspect 2025 will see the end of this, with more people opting for natural makeup looks as they enter the new year.
These are three words that are sure to send any millennial into a spiral. Low-rise jeans made their comeback at the start of the year as Gen Z opt for Y2K fashion.
Though popular in the early 2000s, high-waisted jeans are most people's go to these days, so when low-rise came back into fashion, people weren't happy. Low-rise jeans even appeared in recent fashion shows, hinting they may be here to stay for a while.
But we suspect they have had their moment, and high waisted jeans will make a comeback in 2025 with a new appeal - particularly after indulging over the Christmas holidays.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.