Anna Delvey is sharing the secrets behind her bedazzled ankle monitor for “Dancing With the Stars.”
Following Tuesday’s Season 33 premiere, the “fake heiress”-turned-fashion-publicist exclusively spoke with Page Six Style about how she worked with the show’s wardrobe team to give her court-ordered tracking device some bling.
“Well, we collaborated with the costume department. Obviously, we could not leave the ankle bracelet naked, so we decided to match it [to my dress],” explained Delvey, who has been under house arrest since 2022.
“And it’s like a little sleeve,” she clarified, noting that the rhinestones were applied onto fabric – not “directly” glued onto her ankle monitor, as some “people were complaining” about that. “So, it was a fun little thing to do!”
Her pro partner, Ezra Sosa, has also been rocking his own version of an ankle bracelet in their recent TikToks promoting the dance competition series. However, his DIY accessory has yet to make an actual appearance on the live show.
“In all honesty, they asked me not to [wear] it,” he shared while chatting with us on the red carpet. “I was planning on wearing it but I think that’s something for, you know, maybe later on this season.”
Delvey (real name: Anna Sorokin) was the subject of Netflix’s “Inventing Anna” after serving time in prison in 2019 for posing as a German heiress. She made headlines for tricking businesses and individuals out of more than $250,000 from 2013 to 2017.
She’s used her ankle monitor as an accessory in the past, previously bedazzling it with an “A” for an appearance in court over the summer. 
Before saying “yes” to “Dancing With the Stars,” the fashionista, 33, had to get special permission from ICE in order to travel from her home base of New York to Los Angeles, where rehearsals and the live shows take place each week.
As for what happens when the LA-based show officially wraps – or if the dance duo are eliminated?
“My primary residence is still in New York, so I’d just go back to New York,” Delvey confirmed, telling us she recently was back in the Big Apple with Sosa for New York Fashion Week. “But for now I am allowed to travel back and forth [for] work in LA, and I just keep in touch with my supervisors.”
During Tuesday’s premiere, Delvey’s blinged-out device took center stage as she and Sosa danced a cha cha to “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter. The two received a combined score of 18/30 from judges Carrie Ann Inaba, Derek Hough and Bruno Tonioli.
“I feel pretty good it’s over,” the fashionista admitted to Page Six just moments after the show wrapped. “I did not feel nervous at first, but when it got closer – because I was the last one [to dance] – I started to feel nervous, and feel like I could have done my dance better.”
She added, “But hopefully I will improve and do better next time.”
Meanwhile, Sosa was feeling ecstatic after making his debut as a first-time pro this season. It was an extra special night as his sister, Stephani, also danced in the ballroom as a new member of the troupe.
“It was literally, like, the best [night] ever … and it’s so nice to be in the ballroom with family,” he gushed, telling us there were definitely some sentimental tears ahead of show time. “It couldn’t have been a better situation, honestly. It was really such a special moment for us.”
“Dancing With the Stars” airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC and Disney+.
Advertisement