From Travis Kelce to Ice Spice, here's everything to know about the "End Game" singer's Coachella squad 
Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty
 Taylor Swift made her anticipated return to Coachella. 

 Almost eight years after making headlines with her appearance at the music festival (which was later dubbed “Bleachella” thanks to her dyed hair at the time), the “End Game” singer attended the event again over the weekend alongside a few of her famous pals. 

 On April 13, Swift was seen jamming in the desert in Indio, California as she supported several of her friends who were performing at the event. 

 Notably, she was joined by her boyfriend Travis Kelce, and the two were spotting kissing and dancing backstage. Both sported baseball caps (Kelce wore a white cap featuring the text "Happy Gilmore" and Swift repped merch from Kelce’s New Heights podcast with his brother Jason) and wore the eclectic attire the festival is known for (including a pleated Halara skirt with built-in garter and Stella McCartney crossbody for Swift).

 The last time Swift attended the music event was in 2016, when she supported her then-boyfriend Calvin Harris. Just like at her recent appearance, Swift was joined by a huge group of friends at the time, including Lorde, Martha Hunt, Camila Cabello, Serayah, Jack Antonoff and her brother Austin.

 Read ahead to learn more about Swift’s Coachella crew this year. 

Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty
 Though Swift and Kelce are no strangers to Coachella, their appearance at the 2024 music festival marked their Coachella debut as a couple. The couple was spotted holding hands, dancing and kissing in outfits that inluced including similar baseball caps. 

 They were seen backstage as they watched Jack Antonoff's band Bleachers perform their set. During Ice Spice’s set, they kept the cute couple moments coming, mingling with audience members; Kelce even lifted Swift up into the air to look over the crowd.

VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty
 Sabrina Carpenter, who served as Swift’s opening act for the Eras Tour, was also by Swift’s side during the event. Following her own Coachella set earlier in the day, she was seen at Ice Spice's set alongside Swift and Kelce. 

 After donning a flirty beige ensemble on stage, Carpenter slipped into something more comfortable, including a pair of chic glasses, as she watched the performance in the crowd.

Tommaso Boddi/Getty
 Barry Keoghan, who is currently dating Carpenter, was yet another person in Swift’s group for Coachella. Swift and Kelce turned Coachella into a double date night with Carpenter and Keoghan as they watched Ice Spice perform. 

 Earlier in the day, the Saltburn actor proved he was Carpenter’s No. 1 fan as he filmed her Coachella set from the crowd. At one point, Carpenter was seen waving at Keoghan in the crowd, causing him to crack a huge smile. 

 In addition to attending Swift’s Eras Tour in March to support Carpenter, Keoghan and Kelce previously linked up at Justin Timberlake’s concert in Los Angeles, where they were photographed hanging out backstage.

Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty 
 Ice Spice was seen walking around the music festival with Swift before hitting the stage herself for a performance. The fun-filled set brought out a number of onlookers, including Swift, Kelce, Carpenter and Keoghan as well as Justin Bieber, who was spotted by fans in the crowd. 

 In addition to singing some of her biggest hits, Ice Spice also performed Swift's song "Karma" (a remix of which she had featured on last year). Before kicking off the performance, Ice Spice gave a shout out to “Taylor motherf—--- Swift” causing Swift and Kelce to raise their hands up in the air. 

Christopher Polk/Variety via Getty 
 In videos captured by fans, RIOTUSA (pictured right with Ice Spice above) was also seen mingling with Swift at the music festival; during Dom Dolla’s set, when Swift and Kelce were spotted dancing along, Ice Spice could be seen conversing with her music producer in front of them. 

 This certainly isn’t the first time RIOTUSA and Swift have hung out. In addition to mingling at a handful of industry events, including the 2023 MTV VMAs where they sat near each other, RIOTUSA also sat in Swift’s suite at the Super Bowl to watch the Chiefs take home another Super Bowl.

VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty 
 Though they weren’t photographed together, Swift showed her full support for her longtime friend and collaborator as she watched Jack Antonoff's band Bleachers perform at the festival — dancing enthusiastically backstage.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)