When it comes to perfume, there’s nothing better than finding a scent that truly feels like you. Picking the right combination of fragrances is a very personal thing, and the right ones can not only make you feel more confident but can also help evoke some pretty strong feelings of nostalgia or even give you an emotional response. However, sometimes even your favourite perfume can start to lose its appeal when you notice hundreds of other people wearing it, making it feel less special.
Thankfully we can always count on TikTok to come up with a simple solution to our beauty woes, and the latest technique to take social media by storm is scent layering. According to LS:N Global, Pinterest searches for ‘best scent combos’ have grown 4000% over the last year.
The method couldn’t be simpler, but the results leave you with a scent that’s completely unique and bespoke, so you never need to worry about smelling the same as half the people in your office. Layering is also a great way to make your perfume last longer.
TikToker Emma @perfumerism shared a handy how-to guide on the best way to layer your scents, with three simple rules to follow. The first way, and the most simple, is to pick a scent you love and layer it with another similar scent.
For example, if you love vanilla fragrances you could layer Ellis Brooklyn’s Vanilla Milk with Sabrina Carpenter’s brand new Caramel Dream Edp , which both contain predominantly vanilla notes. However each one has a different set of scents around the main vanilla note which will make a completely unique scent.
Another way Emma suggests for layering is to mix a more complex perfume with a simple one. Examples of simple scents include things like vanilla, which is sweet enough to mix with just about anything, or musk, which has a fresh, clean aroma. These work as a great base for almost any perfume, and can completely change how more intense perfumes smell in seconds.
Emma suggests either Kayali Vanilla 28 Eau De Parfum or Dedcool Milk Layering + Enhancer Eau De Parfum for your base, then adding any perfume of your choice over the top to create a scent that you love. We’re a big fan of the new Steve Madden Goldie perfume , which has notes of sandalwood, patchouli and gardenia petals.
Finally, you can layer well-known accord fragrances on top of each other, such as fruity and floral or saffron and leather to create a completely unique signature scent. Emma’s top suggestion is taking the lychee-scented Kayali Eden Sparkling Lychee 39 and layering it with a much more floral scent like Prada Paradoxe .
Her final tip is to avoid using more highly complex perfumes for layering, such as Obvious’ Une Pistache , which contains notes like carrot, pistachio and sandalwood, making it much harder to blend and mix. Instead she recommends sticking to designer or independent fragrances, which tend to have a more pared back and obvious scent profile, as this reduces the risk of clashing too many notes together. Most importantly, though, it’s about finding the perfect signature scent for you – so enjoy experimenting!
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.