9th September 2024
It might have been a little while since DIY last dropped into your laps after our bumper double issue back at the start of summer, but now that it’s September, it’s time to get back to business. And what an issue we’ve got for you this month! We’re all for exciting new chapters at DIY, so we’re positively giddy to have Katie Gavin - aka one third of iconic trio MUNA - grace the cover this month. We head to her LA home to learn a little more about what to expect from forthcoming solo debut ‘What A Relief’, dig into why the record is embracing ‘Lilith Fair-core’, and find out what it all means for the band.
Plus, Katie lets us into the superfan moment with Mitski that led to the record (and its excellent collab track ‘As Good As It Gets’). “With Mitski now, I do feel like we’re kinda friends and I can talk to her normally. But she’s also my favourite songwriter of a generation – probably my favourite living songwriter. And so I think I can put energy on her that sucks to have put on you. I sort of consulted her as if she was an oracle,” she tells us. “She said, ‘It seems like you have these songs – maybe you should just put them out?’ I doubt she’ll even remember the conversation, but because it was Mitski, I took that totally to heart. Like, I guess I’m making a solo record then!”
Also in our September 2024 issue, we delve into the mythological depths of Paris Paloma’s first full-length ‘Cacophony’, rendezvous with chaos-causers Fat Dog in the midst of their hectic festival schedule as they bound towards debut album ‘WOOF.’, and dig into the forthcoming new record from Amyl and the Sniffers. We catch up with HINDS to discuss life as a newly-truncated duo, take Katy J Pearson for a rainy day photoshoot, and talk therapy with a FIDLAR’s Zac Carper.
Over in our new music mecca Neu, we meet current talk of the musical town, The Dare - fresh from his iconic collab with Charli xcx - as well as Irish punks Gurriers and experimental Londoners Man/ Woman/ Chainsaw. Plus we’ve got sneaky snippets of our recent In Deep digital cover chats with Suki Waterhouse and NIKI.
It’s a big month for reviews, with the DIY verdict on newies from Sabrina Carpenter, Beabadoobee, Jack White, Nick Cave and more, while we’re rounding out festival season with a bumper live look back at Mad Cool, Rock Werchter, Open’er, Flow and Nos Alive. And! Pavement’s legendary frontman Stephen Malkmus takes us back to the Astoria to fill us in on his dream gig.
To dig into all of that and more, click the button below to grab a print copy of our September 2024 issue, order via our online shop, or check out the digital edition below. Enjoy! 


Tags:
News, From The Magazine, Katie Gavin, September 2024

£34.99 
 Best of 2024
Our definitive guide to the year’s best music.
 13th December 2024
 Album Review
Katie Gavin — What A Relief
4-5 Stars
Subtle in sound but wildly rapturous in its admissions.
 25th October 2024
 Listen now
It’s the latest track to be lifted from DIY’s current cover star’s debut solo album.
 24th September 2024
 Cover Feature
Don’t panic, MUNA fans: Katie Gavin isn’t breaking up the band. Instead, the frontwoman is taking a sojourn sideways for a singer-songwriter solo album that tackles life and relationships (with a little help from her many musical friends).
 10th September 2024
Get the best of DIY to your inbox each week.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top