KRVM.org
Listener Supported Public Radio in Eugene Oregon
December 9, 2024 by Cynthia Orlando 
It’s that time of year when we take a long look back at the world of music and ask ourselves, “Did I miss something?”
Waxahatchee’s Katie Crutchfield dropped an exceptional follow up to her last album, “Saint Cloud.” Vampire Weekend’s newest is lovely.
Sheryl Crow’s “Evolution” was excellent, and Tears for Fears “Songs for a Nervous Planet” is simply a fabulous live album. Can’t argue with facts!
Here’s a quick rundown for you of the year’s highlights in music.
American singer-songwriters Gillian Welch and David Rawlings gave us “Woodland,” their first album together in 13 years. The warm, homey tracks were recorded in Nashville. 
“Woodland” opens with instant classic “Empty Trainload of Sky”, and KRVM has it on our playlist. It’s a beautiful, mournful acoustic track with a J.J. Cale vibe. The social media commentary of “Hashtag,” and the exceptional simplicity of “What We Had,” showcase the legendary duo at their finest. 
The whole album is pure perfection, and it’s no wonder. The 10 tracks were hand picked by Welch and Rawlings from almost 100 compositions. 
“Woodland” seemed destined for a Grammy nomination in the Americana category. It didn’t get that, however it did get nominated for Best Folk Album. 
This is a minor quibble but no matter which genre you think best describes it, this masterpiece is one for your collection.
Green Day’s newest album delivered in a big way.
If the thundering guitar on “Dilemma” or the righteous anger of “Coma City” don’t get your attention, the nostalgic “Suzie Chapstick” – my favorite track on the album – will.
Also noteworthy: the social commentary of “Strange Days are Here to Stay,” and the love and sincerity of new Green Day ballad “Father to a Son.”
In short, the album’s highs and lows, overall pop-punk mood, and anthemic trademark guitars on The American Dream is Killing Me” are all above par.
“Saviors” is in the running for a Grammy in the “Best Rock Album” category.
Pop-country singer-songwriter Kacey Musgraves dropped “Deeper Well” in March.
It’s a gorgeous collection of warm, first-rate acoustic tracks about reflection and changing priorities. It’s also her third album collaborating with Ian Fitchuk and Daniel Tashian,
“Heart of the Woods” will have you floating through the trees. Her lovely and evocative “Cardinal” is a tribute to musician John Prine. For anyone in need of musical comfort, this album’s for you.
A soothing album for hectic times, “Deeper Well” debuted at number one on Billboard. 
“Moon Music,” Coldplay’s tenth studio album, dropped in October and did not disappoint. 
If you’re a long-time Coldplay fan like me, you well-remember when their hit single “Clocks” earned “Song of the Year” in 2003. Their commercial longevity has been admirable.
Recorded partly in Spain, the celestially-themed album boasts some upbeat rock anthems, as well as ballads like “Jupiter” and “All My Love.” About the album, frontman Chris Martin was quoted as saying “we try to stay positive in a world where it feels like there’s so much negativity.” Bravo!
The classical musical melodies used in the album evoke a sentimental vibe Coldplay fans will resonate with. 
Acoustic love song “Jupiter”, “feelslikeimfallinginlove” and pop explosion “Good Feelings” and are first-rate tracks to have on hand this New Year’s Eve. 
Party on!
Beyonce stunned the music world in March when she dropped her highly acclaimed “Cowboy Carter” album.
It’s a thoughtful, 27-track masterpiece that rightfully debuted at number one.
The beautiful, profound opening track “AMERIICAN REQUIEM,” about oppression, features Jon Batiste. Beyonce and daughter Rumi sing beautiful harmonies on lovely “Protector.” Beyonce’s rendition of The Beatles’ “Blackbird” is not-to-be-missed. And Rhiannon Giddens has a guest appearance on one of the album’s most definitive tracks, the playful hit single “Texas Hold ‘Em.”
Finally – in case you haven’t heard it yet – you’re going to love the authenticity found in the uplifting “Bodyguard.” It’s Grammy-nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance.
Once in a while, talented, off-the-radar musicians like Sarah Jarosz get their vindication and reward. 
This year, her newest “Polaroid Lovers” release confirmed her status as a superior singer-songwriter. It’s gotten rave reviews. Not only that, long-time Jarosz fans are sure to be delighted to learn the new album is Grammy-nominated for Best Americana album.
It opens with the superb “Jealous Moon,” delights us with “Runaway Train” and soothes our jagged hearts with songs like “Days Can Turn Around.” For these reasons and more, this album scarcely left my turntable since the month it released.
Then, lucky me, in July I was gifted tickets to Oregon’s FairWell Festival, where I was able to catch her show. Her live setlist only made me love her skill, style and musical savvy even more.
Simply put? Jarosz is a national treasure.
If you’ve got an Americana music lover on your gift list and nothing in their column yet, this album is a sure bet.
English singer-songwriter Jake Bugg surprised me with his exceptional “A Modern Day Distraction” release this year.
If you’ve ever been lucky enough to catch him live, you know what a compelling, yet modest, showman he is.
His fans already well-know his ability to belt out pitch-perfect, captivating vocals, especially on some of his ballads.
On his new album, Bugg finds engaging ways to return to his blues-inspired indie-rock roots. It opens with compelling “Zombieland.” The momentum just keeps building. 
“Breakout” is a great dance track sure to get fans to their feet at the live shows. “All Kinds of People” shows off Bugg’s ability to deliver fun, original and exciting material with wide-ranging appeal. 
Losing loved ones is the theme of “Never Said Goodbye.” Here, Bugg’s softer side comes out via heartfelt lyrics and timeless rock n’ roll. “I Wrote the Book” may seem like a good-times party song, but it’s also poignant storytelling, a track sure to be included on tour. 
Atmospheric “Beyond the Horizon” and rocker “Still Got Time” close out the album in fine fashion. 
Bugg has performed in Oregon at least twice: once at The Oregon Zoo, as well as at The Moda Center. Here’s hoping he returns to Oregon next year. 
In the meantime? Add his newest album to your collection.
The sixth studio album from Sabrina Carpenter dropped in August. If you or a friend need a mood boost during the dark months of December and January, this is the album to reach for. 
“Short n’ Sweet” plays upon a variety of themes, gifts fans with upbeat tracks as well as thoughtful ballads, and boasts great lyrics, arrangements and vocals.
Hit single “Espresso” was the lead single from this album, which gifted fans with two “songs of the summer.” The second was super catchy “Please, Please, Please.”
Carpenter wrote most of the album while on an 11-day visit in a rural France. That proved to be amazingly fruitful. 
All of the album tracks charted on Billboard’s Hot 100. “Please, Please, Please,” produced by Jack Antonoff, went to number one. And Carpenter’s funny, clever lyrics – like “walked in and dream-came-trued it for ya” – abound. 
“Coincidence,” with it’s strong acoustic guitar and humorous lyrics, is one of my favorite tracks. Unlike the rest of the album, the song has a retro-vibe. Carpenter sings it flawlessly and if you’re old enough to remember Joni Mitchell, you might even hear some nostalgic similarities.
One of the most accomplished pop albums of 2024, “Short n’ Sweet” is up for a Grammy in the Album of the Year category.
Los Angeles-based bass player extraordinaire Blu de Tiger dropped her first full studio album at the end of March.
Years in the making, “All I Ever Want is Everything” was delightful.
DeTiger has been playing bass since the age of 7. In 2019 and early 2020, DeTiger toured as a bassist with Caroline Polachek and FLETCHER. She made her national TV debut on Saturday Night Live in 2022.
On this, her first full album, she expertly shows off her musical prowess via an array of genres spanning pop, rock, funk and electro-pop.
From soft and fuzzy “Intro to Everything” to rambunctious “Dangerous Game” and fun, playful “Disappearing” (featuring Magdalena Bay), “All I Want” is consistently gratifying.
On her 11th studio album, Swift follows her muse and flexes her muscles as an artist.
 “The Tortured Poets Department” (TTPD) triumphs by way of Swift’s songwriting instincts, its candidness and some stunningly rich arrangements.
The album opens with appealing, downtempo “Fortnight,” which Swift co-wrote with Post Malone and Jack Antonoff. Soft synths emphasize the song’s subtle, fatalistic  undercurrents. 
One of the album’s highlights is the quietly powerful “Clara Bow,” produced by Aaron Dessner of The National. This tasteful folk-pop track, about a silent film actress, is an astute commentary about how women artists are used by the industry and ultimately tossed aside for someone new. 
Celebratory “So High School,”  also produced by Dessner, is one of TTPD’s most upbeat tracks. 
Being a lifelong Swiftie, and probably one of her oldest fans as well as a longtime music writer, it’s challenging to remain unbiased in predicting whether Swift might earn herself another Grammy for TTPD.
You’d be right to guess I’m hoping she does.
Thanks for supporting new music, and for supporting listener-powered radio at KRVM!
We work to enrich the quality of life – and enhance the variety of music – in our community.
Please make a donation here.
Filed Under: Music Scene Tagged With: Beyonce, Blu de Tiger, Coldplay, Gillian Welch, Green Day, Jake Bugg, Kacey Musgraves, Music, Sabrina Carpenter, Sarah Jarosz, Taylor Swift
Freelance writer and blogger Cynthia Orlando writes the Music Scene blog here on the KRVM website. An avid music fan and active blogger, Cynthia loves to discover new music and share it with her audiences.  Learn more on her blog page.
See more recent songs, with links to buy them. KRVM gets a small portion from each purchase. It's an easy way to support us and build your music library.
Did you miss a show this week? Want to listen again to a great playlist? Spinitron is now archiving our shows for two weeks after they were aired. Here's how to listen.
Printable Program Grid (PDF):
 5 days ago 


Photo	

 5 days ago 


Photo	

Copyright © 2025 KRVM • 1574 Coburg Rd #237, Eugene, OR 97401 • Main Office: (541) 790-6686 • 1-800-285-2895 • Site by AUMWFCC Public Inspection Files: KRVM AM &  FM - KSYD - KAVE
 • KRVM FM/KSYD/KAVE and KRVM AM studio address:  2455 Willakenzie Road, Eugene, OR 97401
KRVM 91.9 FM Eugene | KAVE 88.5 FM Oakridge | 
KSYD 92.1 FM Reedsport | K211BP 90.1 FM Florence | Nondiscrimination