By SEAN O'GRADY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  01:02, 10 January 2024   |  Updated:  07:17, 10 January 2024   
 284
View  comments
Ulrika Jonsson has admitted she fancies actor Barry Keoghan and found herself 'stirred inappropriately' by his performance in Saltburn.
The TV presenter, 56, feels there has been a change in the types of men seen as attractive in Hollywood.
While stars like Brad Pitt and George Clooney have long been considered heartthrobs, Ulrika believes a new breed of man is making women's heads turn.
Writing in her column for The Sun, the TV personality wrote no one better epitomises the change than Irish actor Barry.
She wrote: 'His looks, to me, are nothing short of beguiling, exciting and captivating, and I can't deny being stirred inappropriately by his presence on screen. 
Ulrika Jonsson has admitted she fancies actor Barry Keoghan and found herself 'stirred inappropriately' by his performance in Saltburn
The TV presenter, 56, feels there has been a change in the types of men seen as attractive in Hollywood (Barry pictured in January 2024)
Ulrika wrote: 'His looks, to me, are nothing short of beguiling, exciting and captivating, and I can't deny being stirred inappropriately by his presence on screen' (Barry pictured in Saltburn)
'In fact, I already fell for the 31-year-old in 2022 film The Banshees Of Inisherin. Like, I'm talking in a big way.'
Ulrika added Barry has 'hooded, stern eyes' and 'a hint of meanness' about him but that hasn't stopped her from finding him attractive.
The star also cited Adam Driver as another actor who perhaps wouldn't be considered a traditional hunk but has a large female fanbase.
She wrote: 'Then there's actor Adam Driver, with his cheeks that go on for weeks and a nose you could ski off — but there is something moody and dark about him, and that really gets to me.'
Ulrika added that, in her experience, 'traditionally good-looking men' often have huge egos which she finds off-putting.
The former Gladiators host also cited Benedict Cumberbatch, Jeremy Allen White and Rowan Atkinson as famous men who have caught her eye. 
Sadly, it appears Ulrika may have some competition for Barry's affections as the actor has recently been linked to Sabrina Carpenter after his split from girlfriend Alyson Kiernan. 
Barry and US singer Sabrina were first linked last month when they were seen going out for dinner in Los Angeles.
Ulrika also cited Adam Driver as another actor who perhaps wouldn't be considered a traditional hunk but has a large female fanbase (pictured in  December 2023)
The former Gladiators host also cited Benedict Cumberbatch as another actor who has caught her eye (pictured in December 2023)
Sabrina was most recently connected to singer Shawn Mendes, 25, however he denied that there was anything romantic between them before she was pictured out for dinner with Barry in Brentwood, Los Angeles, before Christmas. 
Barry was reported to have parted ways with Alyson last summer after the birth of their 15-month-old son Brando.
In an interview with GQ magazine, Barry was asked about the reports the couple had gone their separate ways.
He said: 'She's done a great job, and she's an incredible mother.' The publication noted he offered no further information on the split.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group