Corridos superstar Peso Pluma and bubblegum provocateur Sabrina Carpenter both racked up hits and embarked on international tours this year—they are notable even among the considerable handful of their musical peers who encountered enormous success in 2024. If anything, a viral lyric from Carpenter’s first number-one Billboard single “Espresso” aptly sums up what seemed to be the two musicians’ professional mantras this year: “I’m working late / ’Cause I’m a singer.”
Ahead of his show at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on Thursday, Peso even paid homage to Carpenter’s sage slogan. Wearing a boxy white tee, black joggers, and silver Dior B30 sneakers while riding a Citi Bike through New York City, the Mexican musician accessorized with a black lyric-embroidered baseball cap (“I’m Working Late” on the front, “Cause I’m a Singer” on the back) that’s been sold at merch booth during Carpenter’s concurrent Short n’ Sweet Tour.
At Coachella in April, Sabrina Carpenter performed ahead of Peso Pluma's Friday set.
Seemingly as proof of concept, Peso shared an Instagram photo of himself wearing the hat in a recording studio later on Thursday evening. The grind never stops.
In a sense, Peso Pluma was already a card-carrying Carpenter. The duo, who both performed Friday sets at Coachella this spring, linked up during the festival. A few months later, Peso watched Sabrina’s Gov Ball set from the VIP rafters during the New York City music festival in August. Now, we’ll be keeping our eyes peeled for a Peso remix verse whenever the Short n’ Sweet deluxe inevitably drops.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices