See EW's top pop culture picks for the weekend of Aug. 2, including a new novel from Carol Goodman and a celebration of Beyoncé.

 It’s been almost a week since I got back from San Diego Comic-Con and I’m still exhausted. A huge thanks to the entire EW team for making our video and photo studio, Hall H and Ballroom 20 panels, and the closing-night bash such a success. (Who else is ever going to bring you the SpongeBob cast interpreting Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso"?) It was great being back at the convention, but I’m also very glad to be home, where I can catch up on all the Olympics I missed over the weekend. —Patrick Gomez, Editor-in-Chief

 P.S. If you want to receive the Must List in your inbox, sign up for our  "Entertainment Weekly and Awardist" newsletter. You'll receive all three each week — the trifecta of entertainment information.

Focus Features; HBO; Apple TV+
Apple TV+/ Youtube
 Eleven-year-old Kevin (Kal-El Tuck, in a star-making performance) is obsessed with history. His family has no patience for his constant stream of historical fun facts, but the team of inept, time-traveling thieves (Lisa Kudrow, Charlyne Yi, Roger Jean Nsengiyumva, Tadhg Murphy, and Rune Temte) who crash through his bedroom wardrobe find Kevin’s encyclopedic knowledge very useful. Based on the 1981 Terry Gilliam movie — and created by Jemaine Clement, Iain Morris, and Taika Waititi — Bandits is a funny, smart, and slyly anti-colonialism romp that will have kids and parents laughing as they learn. —Kristen Baldwin, TV Critic

 Get a breakdown of the full Time Bandits trailer

Courtesy of Focus Features/Talking Fish Pictures
 Chris (Izaac Wang) has found new friends... if only he could replace his family: a workaholic dad, a mean sister, a mom who won’t stop mom-ing, and a nagging Nai Nai (director Sean Wang’s own grandma, Chang Li Hua). A delightful and honest portrait of teen angst — including a quest to master kissing from internet videos. —Gerrad Hall, Editorial Director

 Read our interview with director Sean Wang

 The Game of Thrones prequel's second season finale has arrived relatively slowly, much like Alicent in her episode 7 daycation. Queen Rhaenyra gained force with three new dragonriders, but will we see these regal beasts in an epic battle or will we have to wait for the ultimate Dance of the Dragons until next season? —Debbie Day, News Editor

 Read about how HBO is protecting against future leaks ahead of the finale

courtesy amazon
 Summer heat may be raging, but send a chill down your spine with Carol Goodman's Gothic novel following editorial assistant Agnes Corey, who — sent to transcribe a reclusive author’s long-anticipated sequel — plunges into terrible secrets. It’s Jane Eyre with a side of psychiatric trauma. —Maureen Lee Lenker, Senior Writer

 Two years ago, we learned Uncle Johnny made Beyoncé’s dress — and in comparison, that cheap spandex looks a mess. And the dance floor has never been the same. The centerpiece of Renaissance, “Heated” had fans clacking the world over, and it still burns brightest. —Lester Fabian Brathwaite, Staff Writer

 Read our full essay on Beyonce's Renaissance album

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)