It’s Strictly Come Dancing’s first live show this week, after a spectacular launch show which saw stars like JB Gill and Tasha Ghouri set their sights on the coveted Glitterball trophy. But who has come out on top in the first week, and who is slacking at the bottom of the leaderboard? We have the full leaderboard for week 1.
Who is at the top of the Strictly Come Dancing leaderboard?
Another celeb currently tipped to win the show this year, JLS star JB Gill danced a classic waltz to Leo Sayer’s track When I Need You.
JB already has dancing experience from dancing on-stage and performing in music videos with JLS, and took home the Strictly Christmas trophy back in 2012 with pro Ola Jordan.
Chris and his pro partner Dianne performed an epic cha cha to Twist and Shout by The Beatles.
Chris is Strictly’s first ever blind contestant – and confessed he wasn’t interested in the show before starring in it himself, as he couldn’t see the dances on-screen.
Welsh opera singer Wynne Evans – best known for his role in the GoCompare adverts – showed off his dancing talent with a samba to Tom Jones track Help Yourself.
Wynne has also revealed his epic weight loss ahead of competing on the show – which should help him in the workout department.
EastEnders actor Jamie Borthwick danced a beautiful Viennese Waltz to the Benson Boone track Beautiful Things.
Jamie is no stranger to Strictly, as he won the 2023 Christmas special with Nancy Xu after receiving an epic 40 points.
The Only Way is Essex alumni Pete Wicks performed a very fiery paso doble to The Prodigy’s track Breathe with his pro partner Jowita.
Pete has also been starring on Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins for the second time, but collapsed on top of a mountain and had to be medevacked out after “pushing himself too far”.
Gladiators icon Montell Douglas teamed up with Johannes to perform a foxtrot to Is You Is or Is You Ain’t My Baby by Dinah Washington.
The Team GB Olympian joked: “Hopefully, a few of my Gladiator moves will come in handy with the Tango or Paso Doble.”
Olympian Sam Quek also danced a foxtrot with her partner Nikita along to The Supremes track Where Did Our Love Go.
Speaking about the show, Sam said: “People get so much joy, so much excitement, it brings people together and everyone has a different experience… To be going that long says something about the show.”
Among the favourites to take the Glitterball home this year, X Factor winner and Coronation Street star Shayne Ward danced a samba with Nancy Xu this week.
They busted some moves to the Stevie Wonder hit Do I Do.
Toyah Willcox danced to Madonna’s Ray of Light with her partner Neil Jones, who has been left out of the line-up in recent weeks.
They performed a tango – alongside Tom Dean and Nadiya Bychkova.
Miranda star Sarah Hadland was fast on her feet as she performed a Quickstep with Vito Coppola to the Dolly Parton hit 9 to 5.
Sarah explained that she accidentally flashed her crotch while being lifted into the air by her partner – and someone was instantly on hand to cover her up. She explained a member of the costume department “came running down with a bit of perfect matching marabou feather, and within about 10 seconds, it was stitched on the bottom of my dress.”
Bringing Strictly firmly into the 21st century, Love Island contestant Tasha Ghouri and her pro partner Aljaž performed a cha cha to the song of the summer – Sabrina Carpenter’s Espresso.
Could Tasha follow in Rose Ayling-Ellis’ footsteps and become the second Deaf Strictly star to take home the trophy?
TV doctor Punam Krishan also took on the cha cha this week, dancing along to Kylie Minogue hit Love at First Sight.
Punam shared with RadioTimes: “I have loved watching it for as long as it's been on. It's a really incredible, feel-good, joyous show. I'm always doing things for everybody else – pleasing my parents, working for my patients, being a mother, a wife. I'm putting myself out there to try something completely different, for me.”
Arsenal and England footie ace Paul Merson was keen to pay tribute to his sport and decided on a cheeky American Smooth to the football chant song Vindaloo by Fat Les.
He’s currently favoured to be evicted from the show first along with his pro partner Karen Hauer.
Olympic swimmer Tom Dean danced with Nadiya Bychkova to Harry Styles ’ track Golden – performing a saucy tango.
Tom confessed about his partner: “I've spent too long in the pool and not enough time on land! I couldn't be taught by anyone better – a world champion. With the ballroom stuff, because we're both quite tall, we can make it look quite flowy and float across the floor, which should be quite good.”
DIY SOS expert Nick Knowles performed a Jive with his partner Luba to Starship’s song We Built This City.
Viewers will be able to partake when the lines open in week two next Saturday (September 28) and the first elimination of the series will air the night after (Sunday, September 29). All the action tonight will kick off at 7pm on BBC One, but there will be no results show this weekend.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.