Madonna has hailed Cillian Murphy her “favourite actor” after meeting him at an Oscars after-party.
Murphy became the first Irish-born star to win the best actor Oscar on Sunday for his portrayal of J Robert Oppenheimer, the theoretical physicist described as the father of the atomic bomb, in Christopher Nolan’s epic biopic Oppenheimer.
He was later pictured celebrating his achievement at talent manager Guy Oseary’s annual extravagant after-party, co-hosted by pop superstar Madonna this year.
The Material Girl singer posted a carousel of photos from the event including one of her posing beside Murphy, who looked dapper in a black tuxedo.
A post shared by Madonna (@madonna)
While Madonna embraced a Marie Antoinette style as she donned a purple corset embellished with jewels, short white bloomers, fishnet tights and black leather knee-high boots for the party.
She accessorised the look with a dramatic blonde, curly wig reminiscent of Antoinette’s look and a flowing, patterned purple cape with fur trim.
The singer wrote alongside the post: “Oscar Party was fun! Not exactly a night off for a girl that… needs a night off.
“But I’m so happy I got to meet my favourite A.C.T.O.R! #cillianmurphy – Congratulations!”
A post shared by Vanity Fair (@vanityfair)
Speaking to Vanity Fair on Sunday, US singer Sabrina Carpenter also voiced her interest in Murphy, revealing how she would react if she spotted him at their after-party.
“If I see Cillian Murphy, I’m probably going to leave the party,” she told the outlet.
“Probably going to leave with him.
“I’m not going to leave with him, I’m just going to leave at the same time as him, so I can see where he lives. So I can follow his car.”
Carpenter, who is currently supporting pop star Taylor Swift on her Eras tour, is rumoured to be dating fellow Irish actor Barry Keoghan, who starred in dark comedy Saltburn.
Oppenheimer swept the Oscars on Sunday night, winning seven categories including best director for Nolan, ending his 22-year wait for an Academy Award.
Robert Downey Jr was named best supporting actor for his role in the biopic as Lewis Strauss, head of the Atomic Energy Commission, securing his first Oscar.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.