Want to know more about Big Rig? Get his official bio, social pages and more!Full Bio
MOTLEY CRUE, DEF LEPPARD, SHINEDOWN: Headed to the Boardwalk
Motley Crue, Def Leppard, Shinedown and Nickelback are the headliners at the new Boardwalk Rock Fest. The inaugural event is set for May 17th and 18th in Ocean City, Maryland. Tickets go on sale Friday through its website.
On the 17th old tourmates Motley Crue and Def Leppard will headline, with the rest of the bill featuring Bush, Halestorm, Chevelle, Flyleaf, The Struts, Extreme, Everclear and Puddle of Mudd.
Nickelback and Shinedown will headline on the 18th and are joined by Alice Cooper, Brett Michaels of Poison, 3 Doors Down, Three Days Grace, Dorothy, Candlebox, Night Ranger, Black Stone Cherry, Saliva and Tim Montana.
EAGLES & STONES: Stubbing
Secondary market ticket retailer StubHub has released its list of the Top In-Demand Global Artists of 2024 and it's no surprise that Taylor Swift is number-one. While contemporary acts occupied the first six slots, the veteran war horses brought up the rear with the Eagles at seven, The Rolling Stones eight, Billy Joel nine, and U2 10.
The complete list is as follows:
1.Taylor Swift - 116 events
2.Zach Bryan - 85
3.Adele - 32
4.Olivia Rodrigo - 94
5.Morgan Wallen - 38
6.Coldplay - 24
7.Eagles - 16
8.The Rolling Stones - 20
9.Billy Joel - 13
10.U2 - 40
And looking ahead to 2025, StubHub's list of the 10 Top In-Demand Global Experiences are:
1.Coldplay
2.Oasis
3.Eagles
4.Metallica
5.My Chemical Romance
6.WrestleMania 41
7.Sabrina Carpenter
8.Zach Bryan
9.Super Bowl LIX
10.Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band
FOO FIGHTERS: No Touring Next Year?
The founder of France's Hellfest claims that Foo Fighters canceled a planned summer 2025 tour. Ben Barbaud was asked by Le Parisien how he came to book Muse after he'd said in previous years he wouldn't have the group at the at the heavy metal-focused festival.
Barbaud responded, “They were offered to me on a platter. A month ago, I was offered to program them with a handful of other European festivals. Foo Fighters having cancelled their summer tour, Muse was called in as reinforcements." Foo Fighters have not announced any shows for 2025 and canceled their last show of this year, which was scheduled to be at the Southside Music Festival in Bridgeport, Connecticut on September 29th. That came just a few weeks after frontman Dave Grohl admitted he'd fathered a daughter outside his marriage.
ELTON JOHN: Playing the Blame Game
Elton John has commented on his latest Broadway musical disaster, Tammy Faye. The day before it was announced that the $22-million Broadway production based on the life of the late televangelist Tammy Faye Bakker was going to close, he told Time magazine, “It’s a shame for everyone who put so much work in it. But that’s what happens when you take a chance.
“It’s a fairly political piece of work, and with that you have to press somebody’s buttons. The buttons we pressed with the critics weren’t the right ones.”
Tammy Faye premiered on November 14th and closed this past Sunday, December 8th, after its 29th regular performance and 24 previews. The musical previously ran in London, but also closed after less than two months. Elton's previous Broadway bust was Lestat, based on Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles, which closed in May 2006 after 33 previews and 39 performances. On the other hand, his first musical, The Lion King, has been playing on Broadway since 1997.
Phil Collins Drumming Documentary Coming To Drumeo
Phil Collins is the subject of a new documentary. The doc, “Phil Collins: Drummer First,” focuses on the artist's drumming talent. That makes a lot of sense considering the doc will be premiering on...Drumeo, a website thats all about drum education. As Phil says himself in the trailer, “I’m more of a drummer that sings a bit.” The doc features interviews with Collins, as well as Red Hot Chili Peppers’ Chad Smith, Dream Theater’s Mike Portnoy, Whitesnake’s Tommy Aldridge, and more. “Phil Collins: Drummer First” will come out on December 18th.
Genesis Phil Collins Years Book Gets An Update
The biography about Genesis' Phil Collins era is getting an update."Genesis: 1975 to 2021 - The Phil Collins Years" was previously released in 2022. The new version will now include the years after 2021 up until 2024. It will go into detail about the band's "The Last Domino" farewell tour" and cover the passing of the late Genesis touring manager Richard Macphail. The book will also cover the time when Collins left the band and was replaced by singer Ray Wilson in 1997.  "Genesis: 1975 to 2024 - The Phil Collins Years" will be published on April 17th. 
STONES, ZZ & KISS: Styling
Ronnie Wood, Billy Gibbons, Gene Simmons, Toto's Steve Lukather, Shania Twain, Tower of Power, Davey Johnstone and Nigel Olsson from Elton John's band, Ray Parker Jr., Justin Hawkins from The Darkness and many others have contributed to Falling in Love With My Girl, the new album by soul legends The Stylistics. The songs they appear on are:
·"Falling in Love With My Girl" - Justin Hawkins
·"Who Am I" - Ronnie Wood
·"Yes, I Will" - Shania Twain, Steve Lukather, Ray Parker Jr. and Nathan East
·"Whatever Happened to Our Love" - Nigel Olsson and Bill Champlin
·"You’ll Live Forever" - Billy F. Gibbons
·"Don’t Leave Me Here" - Gene Simmons and Tower of Power
·Rock and a Heartbeat - Tower of Power
·I Could Never Leave Her - Tower of Power
IN OTHER NEWS
Ringo Starr held a listening party for his new country album, Look Up, Tuesday at Third Man Records in London. Among those helping him celebrate were Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page,
Ronnie Wood, Bob Geldof, David Gilmour, and Jools Holland, who conducted a Q&A with him. Look Out will be released on January 10th.
Lindsey Buckingham has posted a video of a Christmas lights display synced to his 1983 song “Holiday Road,” written for 1983’s National Lampoon's Vacation, and used again in the sequels National Lampoon's European Vacation, Vegas Vacation, and Vacation.
Sammy Hagar has been spending the holiday break at his home in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, and posting videos on Instagram. On Tuesday night he stopped by his Cabo Wabo Cantina where he sat in with the house band, Julieta Rock Band.
Rush guitarist Alex Lifeson's side band, Envy of None, have released a new single and video titled "Under the Stars." Check it out on YouTube.