Angie Harmon attends Variety's 2022 Power Of Women at The Glasshouse on May 5, 2022 in New York City. (Photo by John Lamparski/WireImage)Getty Images
TV star says Instacart delivery driver shot, killed her dog
TV star Angie Harmon is speaking out after an Instacart shopper allegedly shot and killed her dog during a delivery. The 51-year-old actress and model, best known for roles on “Law & Order,” and “Rizzoli & Isles,” said on Instagram that the male driver got out of his car, delivered the food she ordered and “THEN shot our dog,” Oliver.
“Our Ring camera was charging in the house, which he saw & then knew he wasn’t being recorded,” Harmon claimed. “The police let him go b/c he claimed ‘self defense’. He did not have a scratch or bite on him nor were his pants torn.”
Harmon said she and her two daughters were at home when the incident occurred. She also claimed the alleged shooter admitted shooting the dog.
“To the man who took Ollie away from us: your actions are despicable and inexcusable. You’ve not only robbed us of our beloved member of our family but you’ve also traumatized us beyond measure,” Harmon wrote.
ET reports the Instacart delivery driver has been suspended from the company pending an investigation.
“We were deeply saddened and disturbed to hear about this incident,” Instacart said in a statement. “We have no tolerance for violence of any kind, and the shopper account was immediately suspended from our platform. We have been in direct contact with the customer and are cooperating with law enforcement on their investigation.”
Harmon, who most recently starred in 2022′s “Buried in Barstow,” played Jane Rizzoli on “Rizzoli & Isles” for seven seasons and Abbie Carmichael on “Law & Order” and “Law & Order: SVU” from 1998 to 2001. Her credits also include “Agent Cody Banks,” “Fun with Dick & Jane,” “Inconceivable,” “Baywatch Nights” and “Women’s Murder Club.”
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices