ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - APRIL 03: BTS attends the 64th Annual GRAMMY Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on ... More April 03, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada. BTS's "We Are Bulletproof: The Eternal" reappears on two charts in the U.K., as fans in that nation bought it in large enough quantities to make it a smash again. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
BTS is still on hiatus, and fans are counting down the days until the septet is back together again. As the members continue to fulfill their military duties in their home country of South Korea, the boy band manages to return to a number of charts in the U.K. The group hasn’t been releasing new music, but their following is still consuming their past work in huge numbers.
One of BTS’s years-old cuts returns to a pair of rankings across the pond this frame. Thousands of supporters of the seven-member vocal outfit have chosen one tune in particular on which to focus their streaming, and they’ve turned that cut into a smash all over again.
"We Are Bulletproof: The Eternal" reappears on both the Official Singles Sales and Official Singles Downloads charts this time around. The bestseller even lands in almost the exact same spot on both rosters. The tune is back for just the second frame ever on the two lists, and it comes close to matching its previously-set peak.
BTS’s song blasts onto the Official Singles Downloads chart at No. 50. It ranks just one slot lower on the Official Singles Sales ranking, where it comes in at No. 51.
"We Are Bulletproof: The Eternal" debuted at No. 48 on both of those rosters in the past. It only managed one turn on the two tallies, as it sold well when it was first made available, and then it disappeared just as quickly as it arrived.
BTS has amassed more than 60 appearances on both of those rankings. They began placing tunes on the sales-only rosters in the U.K. in 2016, and since then, they’ve scored new hits every year…until 2024. Since they’re on a break, they haven’t debuted a track on the Official Singles Sales chart since 2023.
The band has, however, landed on the Official Singles Downloads tally this year. In February 2024, their older cut “Danger” spent one frame in the lowest reaches of the roster.
"We Are Bulletproof: The Eternal" was released in 2020, though it was never chosen by BTS as a single. The tune is featured on their album Map of the Soul: 7, which took over the planet just before the COVID-19 pandemic rocked the world.