Manage your account
If you’re seeing Little Big Town or Rainbow Kitten Surprise at the Lenovo Center this weekend, you may be in for another surprise: Lots of traffic on what is also expected to be a big weekend at the N.C. State Fair next door.
The two concerts are among four events the arena scheduled during the fair’s 10-day run, when traffic in West Raleigh is challenging anyway. Aware of this, the Lenovo Center is warning people to expect traffic delays and encouraging them to “plan ahead, carpool if possible and arrive early.”
That’s also good advice if you’re headed to the fair Friday or Saturday evening.
The Carolina Hurricanes learned not to schedule games at the arena during the fair years ago and now spend the second half of October on what’s known as a state fair road trip. The N.C. State University Wolfpack also no longer schedules home football games at Carter-Finley Stadium during the fair.
But this year, the Lenovo Center booked four events during the fair, starting with comedian Jeff Dunham on Friday, Oct. 18, and pop star Sabrina Carpenter the following night. The Carpenter show was sold out, and traffic near the arena and fairgrounds was snarled for hours.
Asked why it scheduled four events during the State Fair, the Lenovo Center released a statement saying that it is “always looking to improve our processes during the fair” and will do so in the future.
“Raleigh is fortunate to have the opportunity to host world-class touring shows and the best State Fair in the nation,” the statement said. “Each year we work to find the right balance managing traffic and congestion while also allowing the most people in our community to enjoy the events they love at both Lenovo Center and the fairgrounds.”
Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler says he wants the State Fair, Lenovo Center and NCSU to work out some sort of agreement about scheduling events during the fair. He said it will be even more important to reach an understanding before the company that owns the Carolina Hurricanes begins developing restaurants, offices, apartments and parking decks on 80 acres of mostly parking lots around the arena.
“With the proposed renovations at the Lenovo Center and the proposed development around this area, there is going to have to be a strong agreement with the three parties to make it work,” Troxler said in a written statement.
The Little Big Town concert on Friday begins at 7 p.m., while the Rainbow Kitten Surprise show starts at 8 p.m. on Saturday. Doors open an hour earlier. Lenovo Center parking lots are reserved for concert goers those days and open four hours before showtime.
The State Fair is encouraging fairgoers to arrive early Friday and Saturday to avoid concert traffic. It also suggests taking the bus. GoRaleigh runs shuttles every 30 minutes from a park-and-ride lot at Triangle Town Center for $5 round trip, while GoDurham offers free rides from Durham Station downtown.
Fair and concert goers should also be aware that Blue Ridge Road is still closed just south of Hillsborough Street. The N.C. Department of Transportation is building an underpass that will carry the road under Hillsborough and the adjacent railroad tracks. The construction has also narrowed Blue Ridge from four lanes to two on the east side of the fairgrounds.