By Stack Commerce


					Published Jul 17, 2024 9:00 AM EDT


		We may earn revenue from the products available on this page and participate in affiliate programs. Learn more › 
Love or hate them, Nickelback had it right when they said “We all just wanna be big rockstars!” And, today, it’s more possible than ever. The greats like Billy Joel and Elton John had to learn piano through boring traditional lessons, but you could learn at home with a fun and interactive app like Skoove.
Prop your iPhone or iPad up against your piano and practice until you can jam along to your favorite Nickelback song (“Photograph” anyone?). Use code SAVENOW to get a lifetime subscription to Skoove for $119.99 through July 21, normally $299.99, during our version of a Prime Day sale.
Never tickled the ivories before (that’s what they call playing piano)? It doesn’t matter—Skoove has instructional videos that show you proper hand placement and technique. Just don’t get yourself confused with Billy Joel in the mirror.
The lessons are far more fun, though, with literal hands-on activities for your piano or keyboard. If you want to “Be great like Elvis without the tassels,” practice scales while following along to a moving score of music on your screen, watching an instructor’s hands demonstrate what hand placement looks like on real keys.
But the ultimate key to “Live in hilltop houses, driving 15 cars” is knowing how to play hit songs on piano. You’ll be the rockstar of any party if you can play Hoizer’s “Too Sweet” or Sabrina Carpenter’s “Please, Please, Please.”
As you play (well, if you aren’t singing along too loudly), Skoove listens to the notes in order to provide constructive feedback. Hitting the wrong keys or playing out of time? Get honest, real-time help from the app.
Become the next big rockstar with Skoove, now $119.99 with code SAVENOW (reg. $299.99) through July 21 at 11:59 p.m.
StackSocial prices subject to change.
Popular Science started writing about technology more than 150 years ago. There was no such thing as “gadget writing” when we published our first issue in 1872, but if there was, our mission to demystify the world of innovation for everyday readers means we would have been all over it. Here in the present, PopSci is fully committed to helping readers navigate the increasingly intimidating array of devices on the market right now.

Our writers and editors have combined decades of experience covering and reviewing consumer electronics. We each have our own obsessive specialties—from high-end audio to video games to cameras and beyond—but when we’re reviewing devices outside of our immediate wheelhouses, we do our best to seek out trustworthy voices and opinions to help guide people to the very best recommendations. We know we don’t know everything, but we’re excited to live through the analysis paralysis that internet shopping can spur so readers don’t have to.

Find out more about our product evaluation process.
Breakthroughs, discoveries, and DIY tips sent every weekday.
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Articles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made.

Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service.

© 2025 Recurrent. All rights reserved.