The 2024 Met Gala took place this Monday, May 6, fêting the Costume Institute’s latest exhibition, “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” (Run, don’t walk, for tickets when it opens to the public on May 10.) From actors and musicians to models, athletes, and politicians, the stars were out in full force for fashion’s big night out—and, luckily for us, La La Anthony, Ashley Graham, Gwendoline Christie, and Emma Chamberlain were all aboard to host them on the red carpet during Vogue’s exclusive Met livestream.
Here, we round up some of the very best moments from the 2024 Met Gala red carpet, from Cardi B’s gargantuan skirt and Sydney Sweeney’s hair transformation to Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan’s “Met official” couple debut. Revisit all the fun, below.
It is actually extremely hard to fill two-plus hours with witty banter, so we bow down to Christie, a first-time livestream host, who somehow made it feel as though we’d been invited into her cozy salon when she greeted each guest. Just see how she squeals with Charlotte Tilbury, or compliments Eddie Redmayne on his performance in Cabaret. A total pro, right from the get-go.
This first-time Met attendee certainly knows how to arrive in style: The “Water” singer and Grammy winner’s stunning sand-hewn Balmain gown and coordinating hourglass purse were most definitely worthy of a four-man escort.
Trust Cardi to come up with a look that makes even the sprawling Metropolitan Museum of Art look minuscule. We’re sure it took some work to top last year’s multi-part ensemble, but boy, did this stair-swallowing gown deliver!
Del Rey is no stranger to a showstopping Met Gala appearance, but she outdid herself this year: Her gown by Alexander McQueen’s Seán McGirr referenced an archival McQueen dress from fall 2006. (Personally, I’m choosing to interpret the thorny, antler-esque headpiece as a Yellowjackets reference.) The only downside? Del Rey nearly taking out Kim Kardashian’s eye with one of her artfully arranged branches.
Drippy Pat McGrath eye makeup and a skintight, soaking-wet Vetements T-shirt dress, preceded by a full-on towel and bedsheet? This was sure a change from last year’s bejeweled kitty cat look!
It’s not a Met Gala if everyone’s fully recognizable, right? Sweeney’s “scene-stealing petit-noir wig” was paired with a Miu Miu tulle gown and opera-length gloves for maximum Old Hollywood effect.
It’s become something of a trend to announce one’s pregnancy at the Met Gala—remember when Serena Williams and Karlie Kloss brought their bumps as their plus-ones last year?—but Aboah is the first to do it in such eye-catching style; the model’s red H&M skirt set was almost impossible to miss.
That’s that “we” espresso, am I right? The couple’s relationship has long been public(-ish), but “Met Gala official” obviously marks a whole new level of togetherness.
It wasn’t quite a tale of two Ripleys, given Jude Law played the charismatic layabout Dickie Greenleaf in the 1999 iteration of Patricia Highsmith’s novel, while Andrew Scott played the titular character in the more recent adaptation—but it was a pretty compelling ode to the famous noir, for those who put it together.
Kieran Culkin is no stranger to public declarations of affection; who could forget when he blurted out his desire for a bigger family when thanking his wife, Jazz Charton, and kids after his Emmy win last January? Still, you can’t deny the canoodling between these two on the Met red carpet was delicious and amusing. What can we say: we love love!
…well, hopefully not. But Cabello certainly suffered for fashion—and a very admirable tribute to the 2024 theme—with her ice-enclosed rose clutch. The bag, created by Jane Wade, melted as Cabello ascended the staircase; apparently, by the end of the evening, the singer was left with just the rose—a kind of Beauty and the Beast allusion that was also spot-on with its literal measure of the passage of time.
Simply iconic.
Photographic evidence is limited, but sources claim that this duo were the first to christen the dance floor during the night’s surprise performance. Fitting, given that Lipa’s just-released album is poised to be a proper club hit this summer.
Wearing bespoke Maison Margiela Artisanal by John Galliano, Grande took to the stage—or, the one-night-only performance venue known as the Temple of Dendur—to close out the night. Starting with the Disney classic “Once Upon a Dream,” Grande evoked Disney’s Sleeping Beauty before moving into her more contemporary hits. Thirty dancers, 40 singers, and finally one Cynthia Erivo joined her on stage, the latter for a rousing duet that was also a call for peace.
Listen, we don’t blame anyone for hustling out to the after-parties once the museum-centered festivities are over, but Shakira gets about 10,000 goodwill points for stopping to take a picture with the Met guards. They’ve had a long first Monday in May, too!
See All the Celebrity Looks From the Met Gala 2024 Red Carpet:
Met Gala 2024: See Every Celebrity Arrival, Read the Latest Stories, and Get Exclusive Behind-the-Scenes Here
The Best Dressed Stars From the 2024 Met Gala
Met Gala 2024 Red Carpet: See Every Celebrity Look, Outfit, and Dress
An Exclusive Look Inside the 2024 Met Gala
Where to Rewatch the 2024 Met Gala Livestream
Crystals! Skinny Brows! Wigs! The Best Beauty Looks from Met Gala 2024
Follow Along with Live Updates from the 2024 Met Gala
“Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” Is The Costume Institute’s Spring 2024 Exhibition
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty