The Peaky Blinders movie cast is growing

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Netflix's Peaky Blinders movie has added another star to its line-up: Barry Keoghan. 
The streamer confirmed the news on Twitter, after Deadline reported the casting. There are no character details for who Keoghan is playing just yet, though. 
Keoghan joins Cillian Murphy and Rebecca Ferguson in the movie. Murphy, of course, is returning as his iconic character Tommy Shelby, while Ferguson's character is shrouded in mystery so far. Series creator Steven Knight penned the script for the film, and Heart of Stone helmer Tom Harper is directing. 
Keoghan is probably best known for his starring role in Saltburn opposite Jacob Elordi, as well as playing the Joker in The Batman opposite Robert Pattinson's Caped Crusader. He's also recently appeared in Apple TV Plus's Masters of the Air (and he had a starring role in Sabrina Carpenter's 'Please Please Please' music video). 
These are the only confirmed cast members so far, but Tom Hardy, who played Alfie in the original series, is up for a return. "100% Alfie will definitely make an appearance, but I don't know when… and I don't even know if he will, that was just me punting," Hardy teased. 
"It seems like Tommy Shelby wasn’t finished with me… It is very gratifying to be recollaborating with Steven Knight and Tom Harper on the film version of Peaky Blinders," Murphy has said of his return. "This is one for the fans." 
There's no release date for the Peaky Blinders movie just yet, but, while you wait,  check out our guide to all the best Netflix shows and best Netflix movies to watch right now.
Bringing all the latest movie news, features, and reviews to your inbox
I'm a Senior Entertainment Writer here at GamesRadar+, covering all things film and TV for the site's Total Film and SFX sections. I previously worked on the Disney magazines team at Immediate Media, and also wrote on the CBeebies, MEGA!, and Star Wars Galaxy titles after graduating with a BA in English. 

GamesRadar+ is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.