When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Staff picked deals:1. Quick links2. My favorite deals3. Laptops4. Nintendo Switch5. TVs6. Phones7. PS58. Apparel9. Tablets 10. Smart home11. Headphones12. Speakers13. Appliances14. LIVE: latest updates
Amazon's Cyber Monday deals are officially over. However, don't despair! Many of the best sales are still available, but you have to act fast to get the items you want.
I'm a deals writer for Tom's Guide, and I'm here live bringing you the best Cyber Monday Amazon deals you can still get. As you'd expect Amazon has some of the best Cyber Monday deals on the market, with discounts across every category. With that many options, it is easy to feel overwhelmed, but I'm here to help.
For months, I've been tracking price drops on Amazon products to prepare for Cyber Monday. Whether you're eyeing a Kindle or a new pair of AirPods, I'm here to recommend products with the best possible savings — many of which we've personally tested.
Right now you can still get LG C4 OLED 4K TV sale from $896 at Amazon. This is one of the best OLED TVs we've tested and is a hugely popular purchase. Make sure to snag it before this low price disappears!
You can also get the Dyson Airwrap for $489 at Amazon. That's $110 off and $10 cheaper than I saw it on Cyber Monday!
Make sure to bookmark this page as I'll be here bringing you the best Cyber Monday Amazon deals you can still get. There's plenty more deals coverage happening at Tom's Guide, so check out our Amazon promo codes page and Cyber Monday deals guide too.
^ Back to top
iPhone 16: for $0.01 + $65/month with Unlimited @ AmazonAmazon is offering any iPhone 16 model for just $0.01 when you purchase it with a Boost Infinite plan. Boost Infinite is a membership plan for iPhone users. From $65/month, you get unlimited talk, text, and 5G data. Plus, you'll get a free iPhone 16. After 12 consecutive monthly payments, members can upgrade to the latest iPhone model at no extra cost. There is no trade-in requirement to join, which means you can keep your current iPhone or sell it to a third party. A similar deal is available once again for the iPhone 16 Pro and Boost Mobile coverage through Amazon.
Carhartt sale: deals from $6 @ AmazonIt's very rare to see Carhartt sales at Amazon, which is why this deal is noteworthy. Amazon has Carhartt apparel for men and women on sale from $6. The sale includes basic t-shirts, socks, jackets, sweatpants, thermal base units, and more. 
Amazon devices: deals from $17 @ AmazonCyber Monday is an excellent time to upgrade your Amazon devices or buy that new device you've been meaning to get. From Fire TV Sticks to Ring Video Doorbells, Amazon is slashing over 50% off its prices with deals as low as $17. As a bonus, some devices even come with a free smart bulb.
This is the smallest and cheapest Amazon Fire tablet you can buy, and while it's not powerful and lacks an HD screen it runs on FireOS (a more limited version of Android) and lets you browse the web or stream videos.
TV sale: deals from $59 @ AmazonAmazon has smart TVs on sale for as low as $59. Keep in mind, the cheap TVs tend to be smaller, 1080p models (which are more suitable for a children's room or guest room). However, the sale also includes larger sets. These are among the cheapest TVs we've seen.
The second-generation Apple Watch SE is the best budget Apple Watch, with many of the range's most useful features thanks to a recent upgrade to watchOS 11. It has the same battery life and water resistance as the flagship Apple Watch 10, though without the newer watch's sleep apnea notifications. Note: this sold for $149 on Cyber Monday.Price check: $189 @ Walmart | $249 @ Best Buy
The Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 FE takes all the best aspects of the more expensive Tab S9 into a more affordable package. The discounted model has 128GB of storage, a 10.9-inch display and even an S Pen for art creation and other stylus functions. In our hands-on, we cited the robust multitasking features, S Pen and thin design as reasons to love this device.
The C4 is LG's current flagship OLED TV. It's powered by LG's A9 processor and features a 120Hz panel, Dolby Vision/ HDR10/HLG support, built-in Amazon Alexa, four HDMI 2.1 ports and Apple AirPlay 2 support. It's also one of the few OLED TVs that can natively accept a 144Hz input from a PC. In our LG C4 OLED TV review, we said content looked colorful and dazzlingly bright on the new C4 series. It's the best version we've seen of the company's top-selling OLED TV range.48" for $99655" for $1,19665" for $1,49677" for $2,19683" for $3,296
The Hisense U8N isn't just one of the most value-forward TVs of the year, it's one of the best TVs, period. It features a bright Mini-LED display with impressive backlight control, making it a versatile pick for both bright- and dark-room viewing. Thanks to an array of high-end features, the U8N is a great pick for casual and dedicated gamers, too. It offers all of this for a far lower price than most of the competition in the Mini-LED class.
This accessories bundle is easily the best action camera deal right now. It includes the Hero13 Black, two batteries, a microSD card, a pouch and a grip, all for only $10 more than the sale price of the base GoPro Hero13 Black. You're effectively getting all of the accessories above for just $10! The Hero13 Black is already a great deal at its sale price given how recently it was released, making this bundle awesome value. If I were to pick any deal to snatch this Cyber Monday, it's this one!
Yeti sale: deals from $17 @ AmazonAmazon has deals on Yeti cups, coolers, ice buckets and more starting from $17. The high-quality drinkware rarely goes on sale, so we recommend hopping on these deals ASAP.   
Switch games: deals from $17 @ AmazonAmazon has Switch games on sale starting from $19. The sale includes titles such as NBA 2K24, Red Dead Redemption and more. Note Best Buy and Walmart have similar sales on with different titles.
Crocs sale: Crocs from $14 @ AmazonShow your feet some love this holiday season with a new pair of Crocs. As part of its early Cyber Monday sale, Amazon is knocking up to 65% off select men's, women's, and children's Crocs. After discount, deal prices start from $14. The sale includes all-terrain clogs, slip-resistant clogs, sandals, and more. 
The mid-impact sports bra offers strategic support for medium-impact activities like cycling, weight training and boxing. We adore the fit and durability.
PS5 video game sale: deals from $19 @ AmazonSpend the holidays in front of your TV playing the latest PS5 games. Amazon has dozens of games on sale from $19. The sale includes Elden Ring, Sonic Superstars, The Last of Us, Watch Dogs: Legion, and more.
From soup and coffee to water and iced tea, this bottle will keep your liquids hot and your cold drinks cool for up to 24 hours. It's extremely durable and great for bringing along during travels, work or camping trips. It's designed with a leak-resistant lid, so you can toss it in your backpack without worrying about any spills.
Amazon Music Unlimited w/ Audible: 3 free months @ AmazonAmazon is offering 3 free months of Amazon Music Unlimited. The service gives new subscribers access to its library of over 100 million songs on-demand and ad-free. Now, subscribers can access the largest catalog of audiobooks from Audible. Listen to music, podcasts, and audiobooks all via the app. Once your extended trial is up, you can cancel or opt to pay  $10.99/month.
Charged cushioning makes this UA Assert shoe a dream to run in. They're super durable with a 10mm offset, EVA sock liners and a lightweight upper.
^ Back to top
The Microsoft Surface Laptop 7 is a stellar Copilot+ system — made even better with 16% off! That Snapdragon X Plus chip promises impressive performance and mind-blowing battery life.
The MacBook Air M2 is one of our most recommended laptops. It's remarkably light and thin, yet sports a 13.6-inch Liquid Retina display, a speedy Apple M2 CPU w/ 8-core GPU, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD and a great 1080p FaceTime camera. In our MacBook Air M2 review, we gave this laptop an Editor's Choice award because of its versatility, battery life and performance. Just note that the newer MacBook Air M3 is now available.Price check: $749 @ B&H | $749 @ Best Buy
We've seen this gaming laptop drop to $1,099 during Black Friday sales, so we're hoping that discount returns. You are getting a machine that features an Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU, Intel Core i7-13620H CPU, 16GB of DDR5 RAM, and a 1TB SSD. It has the power to run top PC games smoothly on its 16-inch QHD+ 165Hz display.
If you have the need for serious speed, the new MacBook Pro 16-inch will not disappoint. In our MacBook Pro 16-inch M4 Pro review, we saw blistering benchmark speeds, especially when editing video. And this system lasted a crazy-long 20+ hours in our battery test. Add in a vivid display and a sharper 12MP webcam and you have the ultimate machine for power users. The price has been as low as $2,199, but $2,249 is still a good deal.
^ Back to top
This is a pretty nice double pack with Sonic Mania that is a take on classic Sonic gameplay with 2D sprites and sidescrolling levels including old favorites from the OG Sonic games. Mario Kart is king but Team Sonic Racing is actually a solid effort in the kart racing genre and adds its own twist with team racing. It's worth a look especially at this price. 
Sea of Stars is a charming throwback to classic RPGs boasting engaging turn-bases combat and stunning pixel art graphics. In the vein of legendary role-playing experiences, you set off on a perilous quest epic, assembling a crew of loyal followers, and if you get bored of battling monsters, you can always go fishing to pass the time instead. 
Just Dance is a fantastic game for parties and fun cardio exercise. Children and adults can get hours of enjoyment from the easy dance routines, and for true fitness enthusiasts, this game comes with a dedicated 'fitness' mode. The 2025 edition contains music from iconic pop stars like Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish, and Lady Gaga. 
^ Back to top
This bundle includes the 16GB version of the excellent Kindle Paperwhite alongside a fabric protective cover and a power adapter (note that the pink raspberry color cover is the only one still in stock). The 16GB space will hold enough books to keep you reading for a long time yet.
This vegan leather case and matching black power adapter is ideal for those who plan on taking their Kindle on the go. I use my Kindle when I travel, and having a matching case for it always brings me peace of mind. 
This bundle includes the all-new Kindle Paperwhite Signature Edition with 32GB of storage as well as a jade fabric cover and wireless charging dock. The new Kindle Paperwhite improves on its predecessor’s already amazing design and features an improved battery life, faster performance and bigger display.
The C4 is LG's current flagship OLED TV. It's powered by LG's A9 processor and features a 120Hz panel, Dolby Vision/ HDR10/HLG support, built-in Amazon Alexa, four HDMI 2.1 ports and Apple AirPlay 2 support. It's also one of the few OLED TVs that can natively accept a 144Hz input from a PC. In our LG C4 OLED TV review, we said content looked colorful and dazzlingly bright on the new C4 series. It's the best version we've seen of the company's top-selling OLED TV range.48" for $99655" for $1,19665" for $1,49677" for $2,19683" for $3,296
Panasonic TVs are making a comeback in the U.S. Built around Panasonic's HCX Pro AI Processor MKII, its new OLED TV offers support for HDR10/HDR10+/Dolby Vision/HLG and Dolby Atmos audio. On the gaming front, you get a 120Hz panel with VRR, AMD FreeSync Premium, and NVIDIA G-Sync support. It comes in 55- and 65-inch size options.
New lowest price! Panasonic just returned to the US and its flagship OLED TV in the Z95A is one gorgeous new prospect that comes with advanced features like a 144Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision, and Amazon Fire TV interface. Dolby Atmos support is made all the better thanks to its 160W speaker system, which is quite the oomph on your TV. Note: This sold for $2,500 back in October.
^ Back to top
iPhone 16: for $0.01 + $65/month with Unlimited @ AmazonAmazon is offering any iPhone 16 model for just $0.01 when you purchase it with a Boost Infinite plan. Boost Infinite is a membership plan for iPhone users. From $65/month, you get unlimited talk, text, and 5G data. Plus, you'll get a free iPhone 16. After 12 consecutive monthly payments, members can upgrade to the latest iPhone model at no extra cost. There is no trade-in requirement to join, which means you can keep your current iPhone or sell it to a third party. 
Even though it's technically not Motorola's flagship phone, the Motorola Edge 2024 still carries its weight with its performance, sleek design, gorgeous pOLED display, dual cameras, and speedy 68W TurboPower charging that will get it to a decent level in 30 minutes of charging. 
In our Galaxy S24 Ultra review, our own John Velasco said, "Even with a price increase, the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra proves its worth as one of the best phones, setting new records for a flagship phone in key areas such as battery life, screen brightness and processing performance." That's some high praise that means even more at this price! 
^ Back to top
The latest entry in EA's long-running Madden series offers several improvements that dedicated fans of the annual sports franchise have requested for years, like improved on-field action, better UI, more realistic AI for rival teams, and more. It's also probably the only way I'll ever see the Chargers win a Super Bowl! 
From the creator of the acclaimed Persona series comes Metaphor ReFantazio, an original fantasy adventure that mixes social sim elements with stylish turn-based combat. Yes, it's basically Persona in a fantasy setting, but that's a recipe for success, and Metaphor easily gets its hooks into you. It's also meaty, with even a rushed playthrough taking several dozen hours. 
It's always a good idea to have a second controller if the one you're using needs to charge or if you have company over. To that end, I recommend buying another PS5 DualSense. This all-arounder is perfect for just about any genre and is arguably the best PlayStation controller yet.Price check: $54 @ Best Buy| $54 @ PlayStation Direct
The Samsung 980 Pro SSD is fully compatible with Sony's PS5. It takes just minutes to add to the console's storage expansion slot and will significantly boost your hard drive allowing you to store dozens of games at once. This 2TB model also comes with a heatsink preinstalled so is ready for use with your PS5 console straight out of the box. 
Lowest price! Snag the PlayStation 5's latest VR headset, the PSVR 2, for $250 off and this bundle will throw in one of the best PSVR 2 games, Horizon Call of The Mountain, at no extra cost. The PSVR 2 brings serious high-quality gaming credentials with a 4K OLED picture at up to 120Hz refresh rate and one of the best controllers I’ve ever used on a VR headset with accurate tracking and impressive haptic feedback. 
The biggest deal going on Amazon's Cyber Monday PS5 sale at the moment is the PS5 Slim Digital Edition coming in at nearly 20% off! With an amazing library of exclusives, an eye-catching design and raw power that brings to life some incredible games, it's well worth buying. Note that the Fornite Cobalt Star Digital Edition is the only one currently in stock at $374 at Amazon, but we'll check to see if other models return.
^ Back to top
Adidas sale: deals from $5 @ AmazonThe Adidas Store at Amazon is offering a wide variety of Cyber Monday deals on men's/women's/children's sweat pants, hoodies, socks, and more. After discount, deals start as low as $5.
Carhartt sale: deals from $6 @ AmazonIt's very rare to see Carhartt sales at Amazon, which is why this deal is noteworthy. Amazon has Carhartt apparel for men and women on sale from $6. The sale includes basic t-shirts, socks, jackets, sweatpants, thermal base units, and more. 
I wear hoodies year-round, so I appreciate this Ecosmart Hoodie’s super soft fleece fabric, adjustable drawstring, and ribbed cuffs. It also has a kangaroo pocket which is perfect for keeping your hands toasty. This is a reliable hoodie that will become your best friend for chilly nights. Note that prices vary based on your choice of size and color.
Skechers sale: deals from $13 @ AmazonFrom sneakers to leggings, Amazon has a wide range of Skechers shoes and apparel on sale from $13. This is one of the biggest sales we've seen on Skechers items as it also includes sunglasses, socks, and other Skechers items that traditionally don't see discounts. 
Crocs sale: Crocs from $14 @ AmazonShow your feet some love this holiday season with a new pair of Crocs. As part of its early Cyber Monday sale, Amazon is knocking up to 65% off select men's, women's, and children's Crocs. After discount, deal prices start from $14. The sale includes all-terrain clogs, slip-resistant clogs, sandals, and more. 
Crocs Ralen Lined Clog: was $59 now from $19 @ AmazonStay cozy and comfortable with these lined Crocs. They have a Ralen lined interior to snuggle your feet. Like most Crocs, the exterior is made of lightweight Croslite foam and they have ventilation holes that can be used to add Jibbitz charms. Note that prices vary based on your choice of size and color.
Hanes Boxer Briefs (6-pack, Men's): was $22 now from $15 @ AmazonWhile I haven't tested these boxers myself, it's hard to argue with a 4.5-star rating based on over 150,000 Amazon reviews. Amazon Prime members can get a 6-pack of these cotton briefs starting from $12, though note that prices vary based on your choice of size and color.
Snag the incredibly comfortable Skechers Go Walk Joy from just $22 at Amazon. They feature a 5Gen cushioned midsole, Air Cooled Goga Mat insole and mesh upper for an incredibly lightweight and supportive pair of shoes. And you don't need to take my word for it — these have over 76,000 positive reviews under their belt.
CRZ YOGA Pima Cotton Workout Crop Top (Women's): was $24 now from $20 @ AmazonDesigned for low impact work outs or daily wear, this loose and casual cropped shirt matches perfectly with high-waisted shorts or leggings and will be a staple in your closet. The comfortable top is made with ultra soft pima cotton that allows your skin to breathe freely. Note that prices vary based on your choice of size and color.
Hey Dude Men's Wally Sport Mesh Slip-On Shoe: was $64 now from $43 @ AmazonWith an airy mesh upper, cushioned ankle collar and flexible support, these shoes were designed with activity in mind. They are sure to be an instant favorite in your shoe lineup. 
Skechers Women's Squad Sr Food Service Shoe: was $67 now from $44 @ AmazonIf you're on the hunt for a comfortable pair of work shoes, look no further. Skechers' Squad Sr Food Service Shoe features a slip-resistant sole to help prevent any on-the-job mishaps. Comfort and protection combine with its sporty utility design and a cushioned Skechers Memory Foam insole.
New Balance 997H V1 Sneakers (Men's): was $94 now from $69 @ AmazonI'm a big fan of chunky '90s-style sneakers and these fit the bill. The New Balance 997H lifestyle shoes use a heritage-inspired design, which is a spin on the classic 997 style from the '90s. Note that prices vary based on your choice of size and color.
Sweaty Betty Power High Waisted Gym Leggings: was $100 now from $60 @ AmazonWe think the Sweaty Betty Power are the best gym leggings on the market, and right now you can get them on sale at Amazon (however, note that prices vary based on size.) We love that they wick sweat, dry fast and don't slip down even during intense workouts.
Saucony Ride 17 Running Shoes: was $140 now from $104 @ AmazonWe love the Saucony Ride 17. After putting them to the test in our Saucony Ride 17 review, we loved their super comfortable feel and versatility that makes them well suited to runners of all abilities. They take the top spot in our list of the best running shoes. You can now get the Saucony Ride 17 at a discount, although note that prices vary based on your choice of size and color.
^ Back to top
If you want a tablet that's cheap, but not crappy, this is the sweet spot of Amazon Fire tablets. Our Fire HD 10 tablet review praised its 10.1-inch screen driven by an octa-core CPU with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage space. It does come with lockscreen ads, but you can pay a small fee to remove them if you don't like them.
The Fire Max 11 tablet is the best Fire tablet you can buy. It has a bright 11-inch 2K (2000 x 1200) display, 2.2GHz octa-core Mediatek MT8188J CPU, 4GB RAM, and 8MP cameras on the front and back. USB-C charging and a MicroSD card slot are also included. In our Fire Max 11 review we called it Amazon's new top-tier Fire tablet.
The 2024 iPad Air packs Apple's M2 processor, an 11-inch LED (2360 x 1640) display, 128GB of storage, 12MP rear camera, and a new landscape-oriented 12MP front camera. You also get faster WiFi 6E support. In our iPad Air 2024 review, we said it brings impressive performance and power efficiency to a premium, sleek package. Note: this sold for $499 on Cyber Monday.
Need a powerful tablet with a large screen? You can get $400 off the massive iPad Pro 13-inch model — a big beautiful canvas for all your work and entertainment needs!
^ Back to top
This is the most affordable Alexa speaker made by Amazon sells and it’s now been slashed to an even lower price. In our Echo Pop review, we were impressed by the speaker's sound for its small size. It lacks the temperature and motion sensors of the Echo Dot, but the Echo Pop still allows you to set timers, control your other smart home devices and more.Price check: $17 @ Best Buy
The 5th Gen Echo Dot is one of the best Alexa speakers you can buy in terms of value. It features a crisp, full sound with built-in Eero Wi-Fi as well as a room temperature sensor that can initiate certain Alexa smart home routines when your climate gets too cold or hot. Price check: $22 @ Best Buy
The 4th-gen Amazon Echo is the best smart speaker you can find for less than $100. Its full 3-inch woofer and dual-firing 0.8-inch tweeters work together to make it one of the best-sounding speakers for the price. In addition to its new orb-like shape, it packs a host of new features — such as a built-in Zigbee hub — that makes the new Echo the foundation of your smart home devices.Price check: $54 @ Best Buy
The new Echo Spot (2024) is a cross between the Echo Dot and Echo Show. It lacks a camera, but sports a small basic LCD that displays the time, weather, album cover art, and smart home controls. In our Amazon Echo Spot review, we said it sits somewhere between the Echo Dot with Clock and the Echo Show 5, offering a good middle ground for those who want a smart speaker for their bedside with limited distractions.
Kasa Matter Smart Plugs w/ Energy Monitoring: was $23 now $19 @ AmazonKasa's compact smart plug plays nice with all of the major smart home platforms including Apple HomeKit, Amazon Alexa, Google Home, and Samsung Smart Things. You can also use these plugs with things like lamps, fans, or even your coffee maker.
The Roku Streaming Stick 4K isn't just our favorite Roku device — it's our favorite streaming device ever. We loved its excellent 4K streaming quality in our Roku Streaming Stick 4K review, thanks to HDR10 and Dolby Vision support. 
Kasa Smart Plug Power Strip: was $79 now $39 @ AmazonNamed one of our best smart plugs in 2024, this surge protector combines six smart plugs into one space-saving strip (with three USB ports to boot). You can control each connected device individually using the Kasa app, Alexa or Google Assistant or buttons on the device itself. Plus you can monitor energy usage.
Tenda Nova MW6 (three-pack): was $110 now $99 @ AmazonIf you’re on a very tight budget, this cube-shaped mesh Wi-Fi system can be had for under $100 in a three pack. In our Tenda Nova MW6 review, we were impressed with its quick and easy setup process and the fact that the units are wall-mountable. Granted though, this is a Wi-Fi 5-powered mesh router system which means your speeds will be limited. Still, if you want to see what mesh networking is all about without spending a lot, the Tenda Nova MW6 could be worth a try.  
^ Back to top
Hasbro Gaming: deals from $5 @ AmazonGet together for a family night with these deals from Hasbro Gaming. Popular games like Monopoly, Jenga and Connect 4 have been slashed to as low as $5.
This 3-in-1 kit lets you build a film camera, video camera, or a TV with moving parts: The camera has a moving lens, buttons to press, film to load in the back and a strap, the video camera has an opening flap for filming and the TV has an antenna. If your kid is interested in photography, it's a great way to capture their imagination.
For every heavy box or Monopoly game there needs to be a family friendly game with like So Clover! a clever word association game that packs a big punch in a small box. In this one you work together to discover everyone's keywords based on clues that you provide each other. It's a more cooperative version of Codenames or Password and each session should only last you 30 minutes if you want a quick bite.
Similar to Splendor, Azul is a very tactile game about tile laying as you are laying mosaic tiles inspired by Portuguese azulejos. It's easy to learn and deceptively deep in strategy and works great at just about any player count. If you're not feeling tile laying, there is a chocolate variant and three sequels that offer different rules and shaped pieces. 
Save a fair amount of cash on this Disney Wish playset, with three figures, Star, and accessories, as well as a two-storey build that's ideal for novices. We've seen this go as low as $19, though.
From soup and coffee to water and iced tea, this bottle will keep your liquids hot and your cold drinks cool for up to 24 hours. It's extremely durable and great for bringing along during travels, work or camping trips. It's designed with a leak-resistant lid, so you can toss it in your backpack without worrying about any spills.
Whether you like your morning coffee piping hot or iced cold, this large insulated tumbler will ensure your drink stays at the temperature you like. It's also cupholder-friendly and dishwasher safe. The double-wall vacuum-insulated mug is great for taking your cold or hot drinks on the go.
If you're a Pixar fan, you need to have the Lego Disney and Pixar ‘Up’ House, enough said. This adorable recreation of the animation world's most famous yellow home rarely goes on sale, but you can get it for 20% off.
No mushroom kingdom display would be complete without this Piranha Plant! Not only does this Super Mario themed set look iconic, you can even pose the Piranha Plant's leaves, stalk and mouth.
If you're a screen quality purist without any need for all the spatial computing stuff, RayNeo's specs offer a massive, colorful and bright 200-inch simulated display right in front of your eyes.
During our initial Insta360 Ace Pro review in 2023, I thought it was a really solid camera but overpriced at $449 ($50 higher than a new GoPro). The 8K support didn't justify the price. However, Insta360 has massively dropped the list price to $349, making this a much more tempting purchase given it's powerful video specs, fantastic stabilization and best-in-class (and free) smartphone app. Better yet, it's now on sale with another $50 slashed off the price.
USE CODE QUEST75 to claim $75 of digital credit for Amazon.com The Meta Quest 3S is the best entry-level VR headset you can get. It comes packed with the same performance as its pricier sibling with the only real difference being it uses the same fresnel lenses as the Meta Quest 2, which means lower resolution. Otherwise, if you're looking to get into VR, grab this excellent bundle deal. 
Now that Meta's Quest 3S is here, the price of the Quest 3 has dropped significantly from $649 to $499. It's an excellent VR headset, but now it's more affordable, which is a definite win. It also comes with the fantastic Batman: Arkham Shadow and 3-month subscription to Quest+ at no extra cost, which we think is exceptional value.
^ Back to top
JLab Go Air Sport: was $29 now $19 @ AmazonIdeal for fitness fanatics, the JLab Go Air Sport are comfortable for long periods and secure thanks to the ear hook design. A 32-hour battery is very impressive, too, and there are three EQ settings to choose from.Price check: $19 @ Target
Amazon's latest Echo Buds offer crisp audio, dual microphones, and an semi-in-design that helps reduce outside noise. These buds are rated for up to five hours battery, which can be boosted to 20 hours via the included charging case. They are also Alexa-compatible and sport customizable tap controls for quickly changing tracks or adjusting phone calls.
They may cost less than $50, but the 1More SonoFlow SE are still an incredible pair of headphones. Packing 50-hour battery life, robust sound, great ANC and excellent sound quality, these 'phones delivery pretty much everything you could want for a very low price. In our 1More SonoFlow SE review, we rated them 4/5 stars and they have top spot on our list of the best cheap headphones.
The EarFun Air Pro 4 earbuds boast five different effective ANC modes, gorgeous and well-balanced sound across genres, and they support advanced codecs for better audio quality. They’re extremely comfortable too — these are the perfect budget earbuds for audiophiles.
This pair of Marshall cans are on-ear, which means they sit on top of your ear rather than around it like the other headphones on the list. They sound nice and bassy, and their massive 80-hour battery life is more than enough you get you through a work week. This deal brings them under $100, making them a great holiday buy.
Sony's Float Open-Run earbuds are hear to kick you back into shape. These wireless Bluetooth earbuds are open-ear, meaning you hear more of the world around you while on a run or playing sports. They offer a 10 hour battery life with IPX4 sweat and water resistance, making them ideal for the die hard runners this holiday season. And the best part? They're some of the most comfortable earbuds on Sony's lineup. 
While the better buy might be Sony's XM5s, that doesn't mean its cheaper CH720N isn't just as grand. Just like its more premium counterpart it also offers noise cancelling and multipoint connection. You can listen to all the Taylor Swift you want with a 35 hour battery life and quick charging means you're never fumbling for more power. You can nab these in either white or black. 
Sennheiser's mid-range buds are a stunning option that don't break the bank. They feature similar noise canceling and sound quality to the more expensive Momentum buds, but they come in at a much lower price thanks to their more plain design.
Apple's latest AirPods bring a whole new design to the table, along with one of the smallest charging cases we've ever seen. There are two versions — one featuring noise canceling, and one without. This is the one without, but they still come with Spatial Audio. This is their first ever discount — although watch over Cyber Monday to see if they drop even more.
Apple's AirPods are some of my favorite earbuds, thanks to their incredibly comfortable fit and excellent noise canceling. They sound pretty good as well, and they've got a very serviceable 6-hour battery life. Note: these sold for $154 on Cyber Monday.
If noise canceling is the most important thing for you, then you should grab the Bose QuietComfort Ultra headphones while they're hot at their lowest price ever. The noise canceling is the best we've ever tested, and when added to their super sound quality and comfortable fit, you've got an incredible headset for traveling.
The XM5 are Sony's premium noise-cancelling headphones and our pick for the best headphones on the market. The large, over-ear cushions are incredibly comfortable and the active noise cancellation is excellent. Plus, despite ANC being a drain on battery life, these amazing headphones still give you up to 30 hours with ANC enabled. You can push that up to 40 hours of battery life with ANC turned off.
^ Back to top
The JBL Flip 6 is a great waterproof speaker with some decent battery life. In the JBL Flip 6 review, we noted that the bass was super rich for its size, and we liked how well-balanced the speaker sounded. It's rugged as well, and with IPX7 waterproofing it can take some falls into a pool. This $50 saving brings the speaker down to its lowest-ever price.
The Ultimate Ears Wonderboom 4 is built for the outdoors with a rugged design and sturdy build. We really liked the speaker in our UE Wonderboom 4 review, especially the surprisingly bassy sound that you might expect from a larger speaker. Plus, its 16-hour battery life means you'll be able to get through most of the day on a charge.
The Fire TV Soundbar is a great cheap option to boost your Fire TV's audio. It supports DTS Virtual:X and Dolby Audio, plus Bluetooth connectivity so it won't hog a valuable HDMI port. There's no Dolby Atmos, but for this price it's not too bad.
Sony's ULT line is big, bassy and loads of fun. The ULT Field 1 is a great entry into the family, and when we went hands on with the  ULT Field 1 we found a powerful little speaker with some big sound. Battery life is solid as well at 12 hours. This deal puts the speaker at its lowest price ever.
Tiny speaker. Enormous sound. This little Bose SoundLink speaker packs an impressive punch in terms of volume and audio quality. It's also water- and dust-proof and boasts a built-in rubber strap on the back for securely attaching to things like bike handlebars and beach chairs. 
Beats' rounded oblong speaker has a new lowest price. This is one of the first discounts the speaker has seen this year, for a very solid Bluetooth speaker deal. In our Beats Pill hands-on review, we enjoyed its solid sound and excellent battery life.
This is the perfect party-starting speaker, with incredible amounts of bass and volume so that you can really shake the dance floor. JBL is well known for its bassy sound, and the Boombox brings the 'boom' with a pair of enormous passive bass radiators on either side. A carry handle makes it easy to carry around, and there are 24 hours of battery available to keep the party going for longer than you can keep dancing. Save $100 now, which is the lowest price ever.
The newly released SoundLink Max is a bass beast, with some rich, punchy low end to really impress bass heads. In our SoundLink Max review we had a great time with the well-rounded, impactful sound that filled even larger rooms. I love my SoundLink Max so much that I combined it with another one for stereo mode, and now they rival more expensive audio setups. This $100 saving gives the SoundLink Max a new lowest price ever.
^ Back to top
The KF8 is perhaps the ultimate automatic coffee machine. In our 4-star review of this MSRP $2,000 machine, we praised it for its ease of use, bright LED display, and versatility. This is one of the only fully-automatic espresso machines that is calibrated with a plant milk setting.
The KF8 was reduced to $1,699 for Black Friday, but it's dropped to $1,619 for Cyber Monday when you buy it in stainless steel.
We tested the Barista Brew when it was launched earlier in 2024, and found that it delivers a really strong performance on espresso brewing. This is the first of Philips' semi-automatic espresso machines, and it's now incredibly well priced thanks to this deal. 
We gave this espresso machine 4 stars in our review, which found that while it can't compete with premium machines, it does make a great coffee and is more than capable of handling your espresso and milk-steaming needs. 
Brita Metro Water Filter Pitcher: was $25 now $19 @ AmazonGet clean, great tasting water from the tap when you filter it with this Brita priced at just $18. The filter pitcher cuts the taste and odor of chlorine and also reduces copper, cadmium and mercury impurities. It's easy to use and its Electronic SmartLight filter indicator lets you know when it's time to change your Brita filter.
Make the perfect holiday dips and sauces with ease when using this food processor. It's compact, lightweight and easy to clean, so it will quickly become a trusty cooking sidekick during hosting season and beyond. It will also save you loads of time on meal prep. 
This compact Keurig coffee maker won't take up much space on the counter, but still delivers a cup of Joe quickly. It can brew 6-12 ounces from the press of a button, although keep in mind it only holds one cup of water, so you will need to refill the tank regularly. It's available in a variety of colors including rose, oasis, black and red — some are more discounted than others at the time of writing. Read our full Keurig K-Mini review.
This compact air purifier is ideal for rooms up to 1,000 sq ft. It’s simple to set up and great value for money considering how efficiently it cleans the air. It features a touchscreen that lets you control all of its functions, and it has clear indicators for fan settings. It's worth noting that the 15% discount is only on the medium sized purifier.
Our favorite budget robot vacuum is on sale for just $99. While it lacks the smarts of more expensive models, the V3s Pro is an excellent robo vac, picking up virtually everything we threw in its path — including pet hair. In our iLife V3s Pro review, we named the Editor's Choice vacuum the best budget cleaner.
If you want to cut tough materials to precision, this cordless jig saw is a great deal. Equipped with a variable-speed trigger, this provides up to 3,000 strokes per minute to easily adjust speeds during cutting. It also has a 4-position orbital action for wood cutting, and keyless blade change to easily swap them over. 
If you want a drill driver to tackle challenging jobs around the home, this is impressive. With 300 watts power and a brushless motor for longer runtime. It also comes with a 20-second trigger delay and handy LED lights for better visibility. With a compact, and lightweight design, it has an ergonomic handle. The kit also includes a belt hook and battery charger that all comes in a handy tool bag for easy carry.
Perhaps the best Shark deal you can buy right now, this saving on one of Shark's latest stick vacuum is a brilliant option. It has a super-smart QuadClean Multi-Surface Brushroll, which will handle a range of needs at once including fine dust, pet hair, large debris, and dust along edges.
The Shark FlexStyle replicates salon-quality results at home. In our Shark FlexStyle review we said this was "an affordable, easy to use and a versatile styler for any hair type", it delivers professional results at home. Designed for all hair kinds, it includes multiple attachments that handle everything from blowouts and waves, to straightening and diffusing. 
If you’re a fan of cooking outdoors, this is the deal for you. This outdoor pizza oven offers 8 functions, including pizza, max roast, specialty roast and smoker amongst others, so it’s by no means limited to just pizza. Powered by electricity, it can reach up to 700°F, plus there’s the option to add wood pellets if you want smoked food too. The capacity can hold a 12 lb turkey or a 12-inch pizza, which is generous enough. This could make for a great holiday gift for those who love hosting outdoor parties. To learn more about it, read our Ninja Woodfire Outdoor Oven review. 
You can now save $100 on the Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer at Amazon. It features 3 speed settings alongside 4 heat settings, and has a cold shot function to set your hair. A magnetized styling concentrator attachment is included as well, so you can focus the airflow. 
This well-designed espresso machine consistently makes the perfect cup every time. There are four brew basket options and it's also excellent at frothing milk. In our Breville Barista Express review, we called it one of the best espresso makers around.
^ Back to top
If you want a big screen and plenty of power for work and play the 15-inch MacBook Air M3 is a great choice. And it's even sweeter right now because it's just $1,044 at Amazon, which is 20% off the regular $1,299 price and the cheapest price ever.
This laptop has a vivid 15.3-inch Liquid Retina Display, 16GB of RAM (plenty for Apple Intelligence) and 256GB of storage. It's a great choice for students or those on the go who would prefer a larger canvas. I did our MacBook Air 15-inch M3 review for Tom's Guide and gave it 4.5/5 stars. You get a powerful M3 chip, support for dual external displays and faster Wi-Fi 6E plus over 15 hours of battery life in our testing.
MacBook Air 15-inch (M3): was $1,299 now $1,044 @ Amazon
Amazon's Kindle Paperwhite is a brilliant reading device, and the signature edition, with 32 GB of storage, is even better. It has weeks of battery life, wireless charging, and an auto-adjusting front light that adjusts to the time and environment you are in.
We're approaching the end of the year and with that comes inevitable New Year resolutions. One of mine is usually to read more, and with $35 off the usual price, the Paperwhite just became a cheaper way to reach that goal
Kindle Paperwhite Signature Edition: was $189 now $154 @ Amazon
A few months ago, I got an Apple Watch Ultra 2, and in a short time, it has helped me improve my overall health and fitness levels. More than that though, it has helped with my motivation levels and it's a nice device to wear.
Normally coming in at $799, Apple's flagship wearable is currently $30 off at Amazon, so with the New Year fast approaching, now could be the time to get something that helps build healthy habits.
Apple Watch Ultra 2: was $799 now $769 @ Amazon
Ninja's IG651 Foodi Smart XL indoor grill is a great way to cook burgers, bacon, eggs and so much more quickly. It includes a Smart Cook System that can take the guesswork out of cooking. The all-in-one appliance has a large capacity for even the biggest of families.
I've been a big fan of Ninja for some time and got myself an AirFryer during the last Prime Day. This amazing grill is currently $170 off on Amazon.
Ninja IG651 Foodi Smart XL: was $369 now $199 @ Amazon
Amazon's battery-powered Ring Doorbell is something I use every day and it is invaluable. My home office is upstairs and I often struggle to hear the door, but thanks to the Ring doorbell I'm able to link it to Alexa and even see who wants my attention.
The Ring doorbell was already good value at $99, especially the battery-powered model that makes it trivial to set up but it is now $40 off from Amazon for Cyber Monday.
The GoPro Hero 13 accessory kit brings with it all the cards, mounts, batteries and cases you need to capture your adventure. In our review of the 13 we gave it a near-perfect score for the great video and stabilization, pro recording and a magnetic mount.
You can currently get this impressive kit for $100 less than the normal price at Amazon, giving you a great way to get started with everything you need.
Amazon is offering some excellent deals on gift cards for Cyber Monday, but I'm most excited about this Bath & Body Works one. You can get 20% off a $50 gift card, bringing its price down to $40. This is basically like getting 20% off everything you buy at B&BW. This is available only in limited quantities, so if you want one, act fast! I plan to use this opportunity to stock up on my favorite Black Cherry Merlot foaming hand soap.
Bath & Body Works gift card: 20% off @ Amazon
Snag this Kindle deals and you'll never have to be far away from your reading material over the holidays. We rank the new Kindle Paperwhite as the best Kindle you can buy, and in our Kindle Paperwhite 2024 review we praised its super-long battery life, large screen and adjustable backlight. It's rated for 12 weeks, so you could use it from now until Christmas without even needing to use a charger.
Kindle Paperwhite: was $159 now $129 @ Amazon
The Hatch Restore 2 sunrise alarm clock is currently sitting at a respectable 12th place on Amazon's top 100 deals page. But should you buy it? My colleague Kate Kozuch tested the Hatch Restore 2 for one month and she reported that she woke up in the mornings feeling less anxious and more energetic. She also loved that it can play ambient sounds to help induce sleep, like the sound of soft rainfall. Right now the Hatch Restore 2 is at its lowest price ever, so there's never been a better time to pick one up.
PS5 owners, I'm jealous of you. I'm a Switch gamer, and it's tough to find good deals on Nintendo accessories, even on Cyber Monday. But right now you can get the excellent PS5 DualSense Wireless Controller for $54 at Amazon, a 28% discount. That means more multiplayer gaming fun on Sony's console!
Want to up your home security? This deal on the Blink Outdoor 4 is definitely worth grabbing. You can currently get a 3-pack of Blink Outdoor 4 cameras for $99 at Amazon, which is a huge 62% off. Our Blink Outdoor 4 review praised this device's ease of use, super long battery life and inexpensive price. After a discount, it's only gotten better.
Every year, my family drives up north to spend the holidays with our relatives. And every year, I regret not bringing a pair of noise canceling headphones for the trip. My parents like to blast their favorite tunes out on the radio while I'd prefer to watch movies I've downloaded on my phone. The best noise canceling headphones we've tested, the Bose QuietComfort Ultra, are on sale for 30% off for Cyber Monday and I'm extremely tempted to buy myself a pair.
The best smart speaker for most people has crashed in price for Cyber Monday! Our Amazon Echo (4th Gen) review was hugely positive, as we loved this device's sharp sound quality, useful smart features and sleek design. It's the ultimate addition to any smart home setup. Plus, it now comes with a free Amazon Basics Smart Color Bulb.
Keep on top of your fitness over the holidays with this deal on the best fitness tracker we've tested. Right now the Fitbit Charge 6 is on sale for $99, which is a total steal. This device's comfortable design, useful tracking metrics and connectivity with Google Maps and Wallet make it a total winner this Cyber Monday.
Kit out your wardrobe with up to 50% off Levi's jeans this Cyber Monday. A bunch of men's and women's jeans, jackets, tees and more have seen epic price cuts! I'm personally super tempted to pick up this Levi's Sherpa Trucker Jacket on sale from $42 to keep me toasty warm through the winter. If you're shopping Levi's, remember to check out any different color options available in your size for the item you want, as that's how you find the best deals.
The best Garmin watch we've tested is on sale for $100 off today! In our Garmin Forerunner 265 review we loved this device's large, bright AMOLED display, accurate GPS tracking and useful health metrics. Its battery life lasts for up to 13 days (up to 20 hours with GPS enabled.) While a couple of smartwatch features like responding to messages without pulling out your phone are missing, this is still a great device and an excellent Cyber Monday deal.
Hey, everyone! Deals editor Louis here hopping on our Amazon live blog for the next few hours. So Amazon has released a list of its top 100 deals over this past weekend. I took a quick glance and there's a lot of interesting stuff in there. It's a great starting point if you're shopping for gifts, but have no clue where to start. The list includes a lot of deals I expect to see like Ring cams and Kindles, but some other good gift ideas like face creams/masks, hoodies, PJ sets, and more.
Amazon's Top 100 Deals
I admit it: I’m team iPhone. But as someone who watches a lot of K-dramas, I admit to feeling a little phone envy when I see stars using their shiny, cool Galaxy phones. It also helps that we named the Galaxy S24 ultra the best Android phone around. It has a super long battery life, speedy Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset and AI features like Live Translate and Chat Assist. We raved about all this in our Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra review, but as an artist, the 6.8-inch Dynamic AMOLED 120Hz display and included S-Pen alone has me drooling!
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra: was $1,299 now $949 @ Amazon
$399 for the Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 FE? Sign me up! In our Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 FE review, we praised this tablet's sleek design, bright screen and super long battery life. It also comes with an S-Pen, so you can draw and take notes on the tablet's screen. There's one major downside to this tablet, as its Exynos 1380 processor doesn't match up to the competition from Apple tablets. But a $200 discount goes some way for making up to that flaw.
Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 FE: was $599 now $399 @ Amazon
The Apple Watch 10 is quite possibly the best smartwatch out there and right now you can knock $70 off its full price. As you'll see in our Apple Watch 10 review, the latest version offers a larger display in a lighter design, as well as sleep apnea detection for the first time. Add in faster charger and you have a winner. I just wish you got more than 18 hours of battery life.
Apple Watch 10 (GPS/42mm): was $399 now $329 @ AmazonApple Watch 10 (GPS/46mm): was $429 now $359 @ Amazon
My Blueair Purifier has come in super handy this past year. Not just for allergies, but with so many fires in the New York / tri-state area this past fall, my Blueair has worked overtime to make sure the air in my home is clean. So whereas before I wouldn't think of an air purifier as being a necessity, well, now I do. I can personally recommend the Blue Pure 311i+ Max on sale for $188, which is the model I own. It's over $100 off and has done a great job of keeping the air in my home clean and allergen free.
Blueair deals: from $69 @ Amazon
The Roku Streaming Stick 4K is the best streaming device we've tested. I have a smart TV, but I refuse to use its OS and instead rely on my Roku Stick. It's on sale for Cyber Monday, but weirdly, it hasn't hit its lowest price ever ($24) and it's sticking at $29. That's still a good discount, especially considering this device's streaming performance. If you want an even cheaper streamer, we also rate the Roku Express 4K Plus highly and it's on sale for $24, which is its lowest price ever.
Roku Express 4K Plus: was $39 now $24 @ AmazonRoku Streaming Stick 4K: was $49 now $29 @ Amazon
This is one of the best Amazon deals I've seen all weekend. Not because I'm planning on buying it, but because it was a hit during Prime Day. This bundle includes the Blink Outdoor 4 camera, which earned our Editor’s Choice award and is one of the best home security cameras we’ve tested. It also features a Mini 2 camera with Alexa integration. Combined with the included video doorbell, this bundle is great for keeping an eye on the surroundings of your home. It was on sale for $139 back in early November, which ain't a bad deal — but I knew it would drop further in price and here we are. It's now at its lowest price ever!
Blink Whole Home Bundle: was $199 now $89 @ Amazon
I thought this device was so cool I just brought it on Fox 5 New York for a TV segment today on Cyber Monday deals. And it was a hit with everyone I showed it to. I'll leave the clip below.
This little device charges your iPhone, AirPods and Apple Watch all at once in a compact design, and it's 50% off for Cyber Monday. Right now you can get it for just $29, which is a great deal. And with the MagSafe capable tilting top panel you can use your iPhone as an alarm clock in Standby mode.
Here's the deal. The AirPods Pro 2 remain at $154 for now, which is nearly the cheapest price ever. It was $153 during Black Friday but this is still a great discount at 38% off.
Why is this a great sale? As you'll see in our AirPods Pro 2 review, these wireless earbuds offer great noise cancellation performance along with immersive spatial audio. And with a new hearing health upgrade — you may have seen the commercial — these buds can double as hearing aids.
I suspect the price will go up right after Cyber Monday so I would not wait on this deal.
The Beats Solo 4 are designed to deliver a great listening experience without breaking the bank. And these cans just got even cheaper with a 50% off Cyber Monday deal on Amazon.
Right now you can get these headphones for just $99, and in our Beats Solo 4 review we really liked the collapsible design, support for high-res playback and good voice call quality. The star of the show is 50 hours of battery life, but you don't get active noise cancellation. Still, this is a sweet Amazon deal.
If you want to dock your laptop and lift your monitor up to eye level, then the Anker 675 USB-C Docking Station could be the perfect solution. In my review of the Anker 675, I was blown away by how many extra ports it has and the fact that there’s a Qi 2 wireless charger integrated into the top of this docking station.
You can currently save $80 on the Anker 675 USB-C Docking Station at Amazon. Not only is this 32% off its normal price, it’s also the lowest we’ve seen this 12-in-1 docking station go for yet.Anker 675 USB-C Docking Station: was $250 now $169 @ Amazon
Tired of having your Wi-Fi disconnect in certain parts of your home? Well, one of the best mesh Wi-Fi systems can help you fix those Wi-Fi dead zones once and for all and right now, you can save $350 on the TP-Link Deco BE63 at AmazonThis Wi-Fi 7-powered mesh kit is fast and with a three-pack, you can cover up to 7,600 square feet with a strong Wi-Fi signal. In our TP-Link Deco BE63 review, we were very impressed with the price to performance ratio and how Wi-Fi 7 is finally becoming affordable. Act fast though as this is an upgrade your entire household will love as there’s nothing worse than slow, spotty Wi-Fi.TP-Link Deco BE63 (three-pack): was $799 now $449 @ Amazon
There are plenty of great Cyber Monday monitor deals that are still available but this display isn’t like all of the others. Instead of your normal landscape orientation, the LG Dual Up is specifically designed to be used in portrait mode and right now, it’s $100 off at Amazon.
In my LG DualUp review, I loved how this one-of-a-kind monitor gave me the multi-monitor experience without all the hassle and it even has a built-in KVM switch so that you can easily go back and forth between computers or even operating systems. If you’re a programmer, a video editor or even a writer like I am, there’s no monitor quite like the LG DualUp to help boost your productivity.LG DualUp: was $699 now $584 @ Amazon
This Asus ROG Strix G16 is quite the powerful gaming laptop featuring with the RTX 4060 model sporting a 16-inch FHD 165Hz display. As for what's going on under the hood, expect a Intel Core i7 CPU, 16GB of DDR5 RAM, 1TB SSD, and Wi-Fi 6E connectivity. A sweet deal with a near-$300 discount.
If you're looking for more power, a version with the RTX 4070 and a QHD display is also on sale for $1614, so a bit more expensive.Asus Strix G16 (RTX 4060): was $1399 now $1099 @ Amazon
Amazon just updated the Fire HD 10 Kids tablet this year with several updates including a 10.1-inch 1080p Full HD display. We recommend it because it's durable and designed for kids ages 3 to 7. It comes with 1oneyear of an Amazon Kids+ subscription and a 2 year guarantee. The 11th generation brings longer battery life, a faster chip and a 5MP front and rear facing camera. For extra durability it comes with either a blue, pink, Disney princess or Mickey Mouse cover.Amazon Fire 10 HD Kids tablet: was $189 now $109 @ Amazon
Lowest price! Snag the PlayStation 5's latest VR headset, the PSVR 2, for $250 off and this bundle will throw in one of the best PSVR 2 games, Horizon Call of The Mountain, at no extra cost. The PSVR 2 brings serious high-quality gaming credentials with a 4K OLED picture at up to 120Hz refresh rate and one of the best controllers I’ve ever used on a VR headset with accurate tracking and impressive haptic feedback. You can also get the PSVR 2 by itself for the same price.
Sony PSVR 2 Horizon Call of the Mountain Bundle: was $599 now $349 at AmazonPrice check: $349 @ Best Buy | $349 @ PlayStation Direct
Cyber Monday is officially over, but you can still snag some great Amazon deals. For example, the LG C4 OLED TV is still on sale from $896. There's no telling how much this sale on one of the best OLED TVs will last, so get it while you still can.
One of the best fitness trackers we've tested is still on sale after Cyber Monday! We think this is the best tracker for shoppers on a budget, as we said in our Fitbit Inspire 3 review. This device has all the basic tracking metrics you need covered as well as a bright display and long battery life. It's comfortable to wear, too.
Unfortunately, the Echo bundles that came with free smart lightbulbs have ended. However, you can still score Echo speakers at their lowest ever prices!
Echo Pop: was $39 now $17
Echo Dot (5th Gen): was $49 now $22
Echo Pop Kids: was $49 now $22
Echo Dot Kids (5th Gen): was $59 now $27
Echo Spot: was $79 now $44
Echo (4th Gen): was $99 now $54
Guess what I purchased last night? So I mentioned that I got a new Mac mini M4 Pro over the weekend and this is the monitor I'm pairing it with. Amazon has it on sale for $399, which is just $20 shy of its all-time price low. The M8 is a solid rival to the $1,999 Apple Studio Display (on sale for $1,849 right now at Amazon). The M8 packs a 32-inch 4K display, speakers, a webcam and other features like built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth support. It also features HDR support and can double as a TV. I purchased it in white, but it's available in various colors.
Samsung M8 32" Smart Monitor: was $699 now $399 @ Amazon
The iPhone 16 Pro with 128GB is just $.01 at Amazon right now when you sign up with a Boost Mobile plan. In our iPhone 16 Pro review, we liked the larger 6.3-inch display, handy Apple Intelligence features (like Writing Tools and the new Siri) and the improved 5x telephoto zoom camera. And we saw great battery life over 14 hours in our testing. I'd grab this deal right now.
Apple iPhone 16: was $999 now $0.01 at Amazon
Dressing your home in festive decor is the perfect way to celebrate the season — and fortunately, Amazon has tons of great deals on everything from string lights and garland to Christmas trees and ornaments. So, get ready to deck those halls and shop the best holiday decor deals from Amazon.
Holiday decor sale: deals from $9 @ Amazon
This OLED TV is flying under the radar after Cyber Monday because Amazon isn't showing it as a discount. However, the Samsung S95C OLED TV cost $2,499 at launch, meaning it's now dropped in price by $1,000. Even though it's year old, we still rank it as one of the best OLED TVs because of its gorgeous, super-bright picture. Just note that the newer Samsung S95D OLED TV is now available.
The one-cent iPhone 16 deal we saw on Black Friday has stuck around! Right now you can get the iPhone 16 series of phone with an upfront cost of just $0.01. After that, you'll pay $65/month for Boost Unlimited. No trade-ins are required, either.
iPhone 16: $0.01 + $65/month with Unlimited @ Amazon

Tom's Guide is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.