Follow us
All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission.
It’s 1am and patrons of Dalston Superstore – East London’s premiere gay bar – have collectively lost their minds. Twinks are screaming. Poppers bottles are flying. Lesbians are hurtling through the crowd with erratic urgency. And Charli XCX, arguably the UK’s (second) biggest pop star right now, is wearing tiny blacked-out shades while drawling brattily into the mic: “I don’t know if you know, but this is my local.” It’s an unusual thing for a globally renowned musician to do: a surprise set in a club that’s the size of a few corridors on album release day. But this is the kind of artist that Charli is: chaotic, unfiltered, like if your funniest, most stylish mate just randomly became a pop star.
It's not just Charli who's injecting the pop landscape with a chutzpah it was previously lacking. Chappell Roan, an artist who sits somewhere between Teenage Dream-era Katy Perry and Kate Bush, and who has previously described her act as more like a drag persona than anything else, has become the sort of overnight success that most artists can only dream of. She makes sticky, maximalist, earwormy pop with choruses that'll latch onto your brain for days: again, unusual in this era of what Pitchfork’s Meaghan Garvey recently described as “warmed-over disco and weepy Reddit-detective pop.” Alongside Sabrina Carpenter – cartoonishly seductive, dripping in winking, 1990s-style charisma – our playlists appear to be getting their personality back. So what gives? And why now?
Confounding pop’s most artificial tendencies has ironically made her more popular than ever: an authentic artist who can top the charts and sell out underground Boiler Room sets. Now the musical provocateur is back with her most self-aware album yet
Ione Gamble, founding editor-in-chief of Polyester – a pop culture zine well-known for its maximalist, colour-saturated aesthetic – thinks that we began to see pop music take a left swerve post-pandemic. For a long time, she says, ‘authenticity’ was equated with ‘good’ (think: confessional, stripped-back pop, artists posting photos of themselves without make-up), “which is why Taylor Swift has become the most famous woman in the world,” says Gamble. “I think we're bored of it; we had to deal with our authentic selves throughout lockdown.” In other words, many of us have grown tired of being invited into the faux-earnest world of an artist's diary-like 22-song album without ever truly knowing them. We want fun, a bit of risk and drama – we want the Lady Gagas and Rihannas of this decade.
For Michael Cragg, music critic and author of Reach for the Stars: Fame, Fallout and Pop’s Final Party, this newer wave of “big, OTT pop with grand, theatrical melodies” feels “like the opposite of what's been going on in pop in recent years, which has favoured smaller, more intimate moments, with a reliance on relatability and a more airbrushed, palatable sound.”
Women are changing the landscape of pop music. But there's a distinct lack of up-and-coming heartthrobs like Justin Bieber and Harry Styles
Like Gamble, Cragg thinks that audiences have simply been craving something less vanilla: The hyper-saturated world of Brat, the pure theatrics of Lil Nas X, the flagrant swagger of Doja Cat. “Pop often reacts to itself and there's only so much re-heated disco and ‘famous people relationship issues’ one can hack before it gets a bit boring,” he says.
“This lean towards maximalism feels exciting both from a sonic point of view – you can stand out more on the radio – but it also appeals to our thirst for visual stimulation, too,” Cragg continues. “Roan's aesthetic is very drag, very bold, very playful, very queer. It can be confounding and a bit unnerving at first – which is also exciting.”
This new boom of charismatic pop is largely dominated by women – but not solely. You could argue that Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” – an out-of-nowhere track that climbed the charts in the both the UK and US – became so successful because it was catchy and, crucially, fun. Again, in an era of lukewarm, country-lite acoustic strumming, “Million Dollar Baby” makes you want to pop bottles in the club. It makes you want to party. It's a vibes-first song with nonsensical, sing-a-longable lyrics: “Cause I wanna make it so badly / I'm a million dollar baby, don't at me.” The same could be said for last year's song of the summer, Troye Sivan's “Rush”. The mid-2020s, it seems, are crammed with all the joy and cheekiness that the early-2020s were lacking.
For a while there, it looked like pop was getting safer and increasingly humourless – polished, Spotify-era songs about break-ups and boundaries. But it was messy, feral it-girls we wanted all along – at least for now. “It's like that switch in The Wizard of Oz,” says Cragg. “When everything goes Technicolour.”
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast