By Dessi Gomez 
SEO Staff Writer

	There’s still plenty of time to fully get in the Christmas spirit. Whether this be through holiday favorite films like Dr. Seuss’ How the Grinch Stole Christmas or with newer hits like The Holiday and Last Christmas, many options — cable and streaming — exist to watch festive films and TV shows.

	Below find a list of classic Christmas movie titles by alphabetical order and where they are streaming or airing on cable this season. Further down, a list of holiday-themed television show episodes is outlined, and various networks’ offerings for Christmas will be sprinkled throughout.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Brenda Song Says Fiancé Macaulay Culkin "Ruined" 'Home Alone' For Her		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Will Ferrell Explains Viral Beer-Drinking, Cig-Smoking Buddy The Elf Stunt: "I Just Like To Do Weird Things"		
			







A Charlie Brown Christmas


			Watch on Deadline		






A Charlie Brown Christmas is available to stream via Apple TV+.

RELATED: Deadline’s 50 Classic Holiday Movies Gallery: From ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ And ‘A Christmas Story’ To ‘Die Hard’ And ‘The Holiday’

A Christmas Story & A Christmas Story Christmas

	Bob Clark’s hit film starring Peter Billingsley, Melinda Dillon and Darren McGavin will air Thursday, December 5 at 8 p.m. ET/PT and 12 a.m. ET/PT on TNT as well as on December 16 at 7:45 p.m. and 12 a.m. ET/PT. The film will be part of the 24-hour marathon starting December 24 at 9 p.m. to December 25 at 9 p.m. TBS will show the film December 7 at 8 p.m. as part of “Dinner and a movie” as well as during the 24-hour marathon starting December 24 at 8 p.m. and ending December 25 at 8 p.m. ET/PT. The film is also available to stream on Max.

A Christmas Story Christmas will air on TN at 9 p.m. December 25, and it is also streaming on Max.

A Christmas Carol (1999)

	David Hugh Jones’ A Christmas Carol starring Patrick Stewart as Mr. Ebenezer Scrooge will air December 5 at 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. ET/PT on TNT. The Film is streaming on Paramount+.

	The 2009 animated version of Charles Dickens’ classic Christmas tale directed by Robert Zemeckis is streaming on Disney+. Disney’s A Christmas Carol will also air many times throughout the month of December as part of the 25 Days of Christmas on Freeform. A more recent take on the popular story was released in 2022 with Apple TV+’s Spirited movie musical starring Ryan Reynolds and Will Ferrell.

RELATED: ‘Home Alone,’ ‘The Grinch,’ ‘Mickey’s Once Upon A Christmas’ & More Set For Freeform’s 25 Days Of Christmas











Christmas With the Kranks

	Available to stream on Hulu, Christmas with the Kranks starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Tim Allen will be available as part of Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas.

Christmas in the Spotlight

	The film based on Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s romance, Christmas in the Spotlight is now streaming on Lifetime, Philo, Frndly TV, DIRECTV, Sling TV and more.

Deck the Halls

	The neighborly Christmas decoration competition flick starring Matthew Broderick and Danny Devito as well as Kristin Chenoweth is streaming on Hulu.

Die Hard

Die Hard starring Bruce Willis and Alan Rickman, will air on TNT Sunday, December 22 at 10:30 p.m. ET/PT. TBS will air the movie at 8 p.m. ET/PT on December 14 as well as 1 a.m. ET/PT the same day. The film is streaming on Peacock, Hulu, AMC+ and Prime Video with a free trial.

RELATED: New Christmas Movies In 2024: From ‘Hot Frosty’ To ‘Dear Santa’

Dr. Seuss How the Grinch Stole Christmas (1966)

	The animated version of the green Grinch will be available to watch via TNT on December 15 at 7 p.m., 9:45pm, & 12:30am ET/PT. The movie will be on TBS December 14 at 10 a.m. ET/PT, December 15 at 2:45 p.m. and 3:15 p.m. ET/PT and December 19 at 10 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. ET/PT. The 2004 live-action version starring Jim Carrey is streaming on Fandango Cinema, Atom Cinema and Harkins Theatres Cinema. Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch (2018) will air on Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas throughout December.

Elf

	One of Will Ferrell’s most well-known roles as Buddy the Elf in the 2003 film Elf will be streaming on Max. It will also air on AMC Dec. 8, 14, 21 and Christmas Eve.

Four Christmases

	Vince Vaughns comedy, Four Christmases, which also stars Reese Witherspoon, is streaming on Max. Four Christmases will also air on AMC multiple times throughout the month of December including on Dec. 14 and Christmas Eve.

RELATED: ‘The Merry Gentlemen’ Stars Chad Michael Murray And Britt Robertson Talk Original ‘Smaller’ Costumes And Garland Meet Cute Moment

Fred Claus

	Another Vince Vaughn Christmas comedy  in which he plays anti-hero Fred Claus, brother of Santa Claus, is streaming on TruTV. The film will also air on AMC Dec. 8, 13 and 26.

Frosty the Snowman

	NBC will also air another Christmas classic, Frosty the Snowman, on Thursday, Dec. 5 at 8:30 p.m. ET/PT. Frosty the Snowman will also air repeatedly on Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas.

Home Alone & Home Alone 2: Lost in New York

	The first two Home Alone films starring Macauley Culkin will be part of Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas lineup airing Dec. 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 25. Home Alone 2 is also available a similar amount of times.

RELATED: ‘The Merry Gentlemen’ Shone Bright As Netflix’s Most-Watched Title Of The Week; ‘A Man On The Inside’ Tops TV

It’s a Wonderful Life

It’s a Wonderful Life is streaming via the Roku Channel, Hoopla, Plex, Freevee and Prime Video with Ads.

Last Christmas

Last Christmas starring Henry Golding and Emilia Clarke will air on TBS Saturday, December 7at 3:30 p.m. and 2:15 a.m. ET/PT. The film, which features Wham! Music, is also streaming on Max. The film will also air on Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas throughout December.

Last Holiday

Last Holiday starring Queen Latifah and LL Cool J will air Christmas Eve at 12:15 p.m. ET/PT on TNT and on Dec. 7 at 5:45 p.m. ET/PT as well as Dec. 26 at 11 p.m. ET/PT. It is also streaming on Paramount+.

	










RELATED: ‘The Best Christmas Pageant Ever’ Review: A Faith Based Family Holiday Comedy That Knows The True Meaning Of A Christmas Movie

Miracle on 34th Street

Miracle on 34th Street (1947) is streaming on Peacock. Miracle on 34th Street (1994) is streaming on Hulu and Peacock.

National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation

National Lampoon Christmas Vacation is available to stream on Max.

Office Christmas Party

Office Christmas Party will air on TNT Dec. 16 at 5:30 p.m. and 9:45 p.m. ET/PT and on TBS Dec. 15 at 12:30 p.m. and 3:45 p.m. ET/PT.

Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer

	NBC will air Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reinder in a special telecast Friday, December 6 at 8 p.m. ET/PT sixty years after its exact premiere date in 1964 as part of the “General Electric Fantasy Hour.”  The film ran on NBC from its premiere through 1971 before moving to CBS.

Tim Burton’s The Nightmare Before Christmas

	Those still hoping for multiple holidays can watch The Nightmare Before Christmas on Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas Sunday, Dec. 1, Thursday, Dec. 5, Friday, Dec. 6, Sunday, Dec. 15, Sunday, Dec. 22 and Monday, Dec. 23.

The Holiday

The Holiday starring Kate Winslet and Jude Law as well as Cameron Diaz and Jack Black is available to stream on Prime Video with ads.

The Polar Express

	Robert Zemeckis’ classic Christmas collaboration with Tom Hanks is streaming on Max. The film will air on AMC Dec. 13, 14, and 24.

RELATED: Bobby Farrelly’s ‘Dear Santa’ Starring Jack Black Unveils Trailer, Paramount+ Premiere Date

The Santa Clause

The Santa Clause films will air on Freeform multiple times throughout December as part of the channel’s 25 Days of Christmas. They are also streaming on Disney+.

8-Bit Christmas

8-Bit Christmas will air on TNT Christmas Day at 11:15 p.m. ET/PT. The film is also available to stream on Max.

The Year Without a Santa Claus 

	The animated The Year Without a Santa Claus is streaming on TruTV. 

AMC

	AMC will air several classics as part of marathons, such as the Everything is Christmas marathon, Merry 80’s marathon, Best Elf Marathon, Christmas Magic Marathon and more. The details can be found below:

	AMC+ will have several new features including Christmas Eve in Miller’s Point, starring Michael Cera, Sawyer Spielberg and Francesca Scorsese as well as two all-new Yule Logs customized for The Walking Dead and Anne Rice fans. Shudder will debut the holiday horror film A Creature Was Stirring starring Chrissy Metz and an all-new special from The Last Drive-In with Joe Bob Briggs: Joe Bob’s Christmas Carnage. Acorn TV’s popular mystery drama The Chelsea Detective returns with Season 3 premiere Christmas episode.

BET

BET has several films arriving ahead of Christmas, including Style Me for Christmas streaming on BET+ starting Nov. 14 and Brewster’s Millions: Christmas arriving December 5 on the streamer.

Freeform’s 25 Days of Christmas

	Freeform has a loaded December slate for the 25 days before Christmas, just like its 31 Days of Halloween every year. Starting the first of the month, films like Mickey’s Once Upon A Christmas, Mariah Carey’s All I Want for Christmas Is You, Tim Burton’s The Nightmare Before Christmas and the Home Alone films will air on the channel throughout December.

Moana, Frozen II, Olaf’s Frozen Adventure, The Santa Clause films and more will follow up the early offerings of the month. The Toy Story films will air Friday, December 13, and Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, The Little Drummer Boy and Frosty the Snowman will air later on in December. The schedules for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day viewing via Freeform lie below. The full Freeform Christmas schedule includes many other options.

RELATED: Dwayne Johnson & Chris Evans Christmas Pic ‘Red One’ Stuffing $100M In Global Box Office Bag

Tuesday, Dec. 247:00 a.m. – “Richie Rich’s Christmas Wish”10:30 a.m. – “Home Alone 2: Lost in New York”1:00 p.m. – “The Santa Clause”3:00 p.m. – “The Santa Clause 2”5:25 p.m. – “The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause”7:30 p.m. – “Frosty the Snowman”8:00 p.m. – “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer”9:00 p.m. – “Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch” (2018)12:00 a.m. – “Disney’s A Christmas Carol” 

	










Wednesday, Dec. 257:00 a.m. – “Disney’s A Christmas Carol”10:30 a.m. – “Frosty the Snowman”11:00 a.m. – “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer”2:00 p.m. – “The Santa Clause”4:00 p.m. – “Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch” (2018)6:00 p.m. – “Home Alone”8:25 p.m. – “Home Alone 2: Lost in New York”12:00 a.m. – “Christmas with the Kranks” 

TBS & TNT

	TBS and TNT kicked off their Christmas programming Saturday, Nov. 2. The slate includes 24-hour movie marathons, holiday-themed classic films and festive sitcom episodes.

	Offerings include A Christmas Story, National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation, and Elf. Other holiday classics airing in November and December include Jack Frost, Dr. Seuss How the Grinch Stole Christmas (1966), and The Polar Express. In addition, Dinner and a Movie, hosted by actor Jason Biggs and New York Times bestselling author Jenny Mollen, returns with festive films including National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation featuring special guest Beverly D’Angelo, Four Christmases and Die Hard. 

	“All I Watch for Christmas” on TNS is the destination for nostalgic and spirited movies while “Christmas Maximus via TNT serves seasonal offerings with high energy.

RELATED: Bobby Farrelly’s ‘Dear Santa’ Starring Jack Black Unveils Trailer, Paramount+ Premiere Date

	TBS will also air fan-favorite holiday episodes of Friends, Modern Family, and Big Bang Theory throughout the season, and premiere an all-new Christmas-themed episode of American Dad on December 23. 

	TBS will also host a Marvel movie New Year’s Eve marathon at 10:30 a.m. with Black Panther and including Avengers: Infinity War starting at 1:15 p.m. ET/PT followed by Avengers: End Game at 4:15 p.m. ET/PT.

	The channels will also have Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory airing in addition to The Wizard of Oz. While these films may not strike the Christmas bell, Jon M. Chu’s Wicked: Part One did just arrive in theaters, and Wonka starring Timothée Chalamat from last year came out near Christmas as well. A few films from the Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise will make up TNT’s Cyber Monday movie marathon. Anther franchise with marathons following Christmas Day includes the National Treasure films.

	TBS’ Christmas marathon will include a festive episode ofAmericann Dad! On December 22  at 7:30 a.m. ET/PT and an all new Christmas episode December 23 starting at 10 p.m. ET/PT. The network will also have holiday-themed episode marathons of The Big Bang Theory December 15 starting at 6 p.m. ET/PT, December 22 at 6 p.m. ET/PT and Christmas Eve starting at 5 p.m. ET/PT. TBS will also air holiday episodes of Family Matters on Dec. 22 at 6 a.m. ET/PT and Tuesday, Christmas Eve at 6 a.m. ET/PT, Friends Thanksgiving episodes Nov. 27 at 10:30 a.m. ET/PT and on Thanksgiving starting at 12:30 p.m. ET/PT and Christmas installments Dec. 22 at 1 p.m. ET/PT,  and Christmas Eve at 11:30 a.m. ET/PT. Modern Family Thanksgiving themed episodes will air on TBS on Thanksgiving starting at 10 a.m. ET/PT, and Christmas episode marathons will take place Dec. 22 starting at 9:30 a.m. ET/PT and Christmas Eve starting at 8 a.m. ET/PT.

Nickelodeon

	Monday, December 2 on the Nick Jr. channel will include Christmas episodes of The Creature Cases at 9 a.m., PAW Patrol at 10 a.m., Rubble & Crew at 10:30 a.m., Blaze and the Monster Machines at 11 a.m. and a Spongebob Squarepants special: Spongebob & Sandy’s Country Christmasat 5 p.m. (also streaming on Paramount+. The Patrick Star Show, “Squidina’s Holidaze Special” will follow at 5:30 p.m.on Nickelodeon.

	










	More Christmas episodes of shows like Gabby’s Dollhouse:“A CAT-Tabulous Christmas” (Dec. 7 10:30 a.m. on Nick Jr.), Peppa Pig: “Christmas Cards” (Dec. 14 9 a.m. on Nick Jr.) and Young Dylan – The Wrap Battle (Dec. 18 at 7 p.m.) will also be available.

Paramount+

	Seasonal Episodes of Ghosts,  (“The Christmas Spirit,” Parts 1 & 2), Everybody Hates Chris (“Everybody Hates Kwanzaa,” “Everybody Hates Christmas”) Sabrina the Teenage Witch (“Sabrina Claus,” “Christmas Amnesia,” “A Girl and Her Cat”) and more will be available via Paramount.

The Twilight Zone (“The Night of the Meek,” “Five Characters in Search of an Exit,” “The Changing of the Guard”), The Brady Bunch (“The Voice of Christmas”), Taxi (“A Full House For Christmas,” “Get Me Through the Holidays”), Star Trek: The Next Generation (“Tapestry,” “Devil’s Due”) and more will have holiday-focused themes to stream.

	Paramount+ began its holiday offerings starting Nov. 19. Dear Santa starring Jack Black landed on the streamer Nov. 25 with a funny twist on a classic Christmas tradition. Classic movies available to stream via Paramount+ starting Dec. 1 include Miracle on 34th Street (1947), Scrooged, Christmas Cupid, A Christmas Carol (1984), A Christmas Carol (1999), Daddy’s Home 2, Adam Sandler’s Eight Crazy Nights, and Mariah Carey: Merry Christmas to All! 

RELATED: Sabrina Carpenter’s ‘A Nonsense Christmas’ Netflix Special Trailer Reveals Guest Cast Including Chappell Roan, Quinta Brunson & More

	Seasonal classic Christmas films for the whole family available on the streamer starting December 1 include Arthur Christmas, All I Want for Christmas, Elf: Buddy’s Musical Christmas, Unaccompanied Minors, Snow Day, Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale, The Loud House Thanksgiving Special and A Boy Named Charlie Brown.

	Comedy classics to make the season merry including Bad Santa, Bad Santa 2, Planes, Trains and Automobiles, Deck the Halls, Ernest Saves Christmas, MATT ROGERS: HAVE YOU HEARD OF CHRISTMAS?*, Last Holiday, Home for the Holidays and more will fill the holidays with laughter.

	Various Nickelodeon holiday specials from franchises will be streaming via Paramount+ as well, including SpongeBob SquarePants(“It’s a SpongeBob Christmas!”), Rugrats (“Rugrats Chanukah”, “A Rugrats Kwanzaa”), Avatar: The Last Airbender (“Winter Solstice,” Parts 1 & 2”), The Loud House (“11 Louds a Leapin,” “Season’s Cheating/A Flipmas Carol”) and more.

CBS

	CBS will also have National Christmas Tree Lighting (Dec. 20), Josh Groban & Friends Go Home For The Holidays (Dec. 20), and holiday episodes of Elsbeth (December 5), Matlock (December 5), The Equalizer (December 8), NCIS (December 16), NCIS: Origins (December 16), Ghosts (one-hour special on December 19) and The Price Is Right At Night(December 24). Paramount+ will also make comedy holiday wishes come true with the streaming premiere of CBS original holiday movie Nugget is Dead? A Christmas Story (November 21) and Nate Bargatze’s Nashville Christmas (December 19).

The CW











	The CW will have an episode of Penn & Teller: Merry Fool Us airing Sunday, Dec. 1 at 9 p.m. ET., A California Christmas which airs Saturday, Dec. 7 at 8 p.m. ET, Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch Stole Christmas debuts on the channel Sunday, Dec. 8 at 7 p.m. ET. An all-new special, Best Christmas Movies Ever! airs Monday, Dec. 9 at 8 p.m. which dives into Home Alone, Elf, The Santa Clause, The Grinch Who Stole Christmas, Mircale on 34thStreet, Christmas Vacation, It’s a Wonderful Life, and, of course, Die Hard.

RELATED: Tiffany Paulsen Tapped To Adapt Christina Lauren’s Bestselling Rom-Com ‘In A Holidaze’ For Netflix & Alloy Entertainment

	The 92nd Annual Hollywood Christmas Parade airs Saturday, Dec. 14 starting at 8 p.m. ET, and Christmas With The Chosen: Holy Night airs Sunday, Dec. 15. The Waltons’ Homecoming airs Saturday, Dec. 21 starting at 8 p.m. ET. Tyler Perry’s A Madea Christmas airs Sunday, Dec. 22.

	Holiday-themed episodes of The Conners will run through the month of December as well. See the schedule for festive television episodes below:

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 8

9:00-9:30PM THE CONNERS (Holiday Themed Episode)

9:30-10:00PM THE CONNERS (Holiday Themed Episode)

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15

7:00-9:00PM CHRISTMAS WITH THE CHOSEN: HOLY NIGHT

9:00-9:30PM THE CONNERS

9:30-10:00PM THE CONNERS

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22











7:00-9:30PM TYLER PERRY’S A MADEA CHRISTMAS

9:30-10:00PM THE CONNERS (Holiday Themed Episode)

Mariah Carey: Merry Christmas to All! 

	Mariah Carey’s Merry Christmas to All! will be streaming on Paramount+. Mariah Carey’s Magical Christmas Special is streaming on Apple TV+.

Sabrina Carpenter’s A Nonsense Christmas

	Sabrina Carpenter’s A Nonsense Christmas will arrive on Netflix Dec. 6 at 9 p.m. ET and 6 p.m. PT. The special will feature many musical guest appearances as well as others.

Dua Lipa’s An Evening with Dua Lipa

	Dua Lipa’s holiday special will air on CBS, Dec. 15. It was filmed at London’s Royal Albert Hall, featuring a duet with Elton John.

Hannah Waddingham’s Home for Christmas

Ted Lasso star Hannah Waddingham has a Christmas special Home for Christmas which features guest star appearances from her castmates like Phil Dunster, Nick Mohammed and more. It is streaming on Apple TV+.

The Kacey Musgraves Christmas Show

	Kacey Musgraves’ Christmas special is streaming on Prime Video.

Beyonce’s Performance During Houston Texans vs. Baltimore Ravens Christmas NFL Game

	Beyoncé will perform at one of the two NFL games on Christmas with songs from her latest album Country Carter. The event will stream on Netflix.

RELATED: Beyoncé To Perform During Texans-Ravens NFL Christmas Game On Netflix
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.