e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Everyone gets to Coachella by the time headliner Lana Del Rey comes on Friday night. Her 11:40 p.m. start is almost Saturday, after all.
But if you sleep in, hang at the pool, take all day picking your ‘fit, we’ll, you will miss a lot of musical moments that might have entertained you, confused you, moved your body, or changed your life.
Our team worked hard Friday covering the 2024 Coachella Valley Music and Arts festival. Here are a some of the musical highlights, moments to remember on Day 1.
Singer-actress Suki Waterhouse used Coachella as a gender-reveal for the baby she and actor Robert Pattinson had the month before she arrived for a late-night set in the Gobi tent on Friday.
“I don’t know if some of you know, but I had some big life changes happen recently, some pretty big events have been going down,” Waterhouse said midway through her performance. “I love amazing ladies and I’ve been very lucky to have my own little amazing lady and meet the love of my life.”
Waterhouse’s slow-fi mood music served as an amuse-bouche for Lana Del Rey’s headlining set less than an hour later. She gave songs such as “OMG” and “Faded” their live debuts, and had the whole crowd singing along loudly on a cover of Oasis’s “Don’t Look Back in Anger,” too.
— Peter Larsen
Peso Pluma brought Regional Mexican music to the forefront at the Main Stage, filling the air with corridos and Latin rap, sparking a wave of Latin pride as fans waved Mexican flags in the air like no tomorrow, and for good reason.
Hailing from Guadalajara, Mexico, Pluma kept his performance straightforward, delivering hits “Rubicon” and “Rosa Pastel” and bringing out a few guest surprises like Becky G and Junior H. At the mid way stretch of his set, Pluma made sure to pay homage to legendary Mexican music names, honoring greats such as Ramon Ayala, Joan Sebastian, Los Tucanes de Tijuana and Ariel Camacho.
This moment on day one of Coachella marked a significant nod to the evolving landscape of music originating from Mexico, resonating deeply with the predominantly Latin crowd, showcasing the genre’s enduring influence both locally and globally.
— Holly Alvarado
What if Twenty One Pilots but clowns? The duo Clown Core packed the Sonora Tent with fans curious to check out the officially anonymous duo, who perform wearing grotesque clown masks while playing abrasive blasts of metal-jazz-funk. They say the harsh climate of the desert is beautiful, and in the same way, there’s beauty in the skronk-and-screech music they delivered.
Between the short songs the white suits-and-black-bowtie-wearing pair stood perfectly still, building anticipation until the next sonic squall released the tension.
— Peter Larsen
Earlier this year, the rumors, hopes, and speculation that Colombian pop icon Shakira would headline Coachella in 2024 were shut down after Coachella reportedly declined to book the singer for the gig. While the news disappointed fans, who would have loved to see Shakira at the top of the bill, one of her biggest advocates once again had her back.
Argentine record producer and songwriter Bizarrap extended a special invitation to Shakira to perform their collaboration, “Shakira: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 53.” This joint performance, of the diss track aimed at Shakira’s ex-partner, footballer Gerard Piqué, marked a significant return for the pop icon, who hadn’t released an album since “El Dorado” in 2017.
Shakira rose from a podium during the performance with the Argentine DJ’s primary background screen reading, “La Loba Se Viene” (“The She-Wolf is coming”). The crowd erupted with screams while they both kicked the performance into full gear. After the collaborative set ended, Shakira shared an emotional thank you and a message of gratitude to her fans and Bizrrap for inviting her to perform at the festival. Before dancing off the stage, she announced her world tour promoting her latest album, “Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran.”
— Charlie Vargas
The worst set conflict of my day pitted the French space-age robo-disco band L’Imperatrice head to head with rising risqué singer-songwriter Chappell Roan. A true split-the-baby moment, we stayed at L’Imperatrice on the Outdoor Stage long enough to let that rumbling liquid bass vibrate our DNA, and skipped off to Chappell Roan in time for big sing-alongs on “Casual” and “Red Wine Supernova.”
Roan, who’s been opening for Olivia Rodrigo on tour, feels like she’s about to get much bigger fast. Tons of personality and humor, and an out- there fashion style, with songs that are catching and a little bit shocking? There’s the crowd spilled far beyond the capacity of Gobi on Friday.
— Peter Larsen
The Afro-Cuban funk singer Cimafunk played the first set of the day in the Gobi tent, and if you were there, well, you didn’t stand still, that’s for sure.
Were the lyrics in Spanish? Yes. Did it matter? Not when the grooves are this funky, and the front man as charismatic as this one. By the time his shirt came off, we were in love. With the music.
— Peter Larsen
What are the odds the first two acts in Gobi would both feature women … on trombone? Kokoroko, an Afropop meets jazz ensemble from London followed Cimafunk, and while the music was more chill, the horn section here was all women as it had been for the previous band.
— Peter Larsen
The Sonora Tent, renowned for showcasing emerging punk and indie acts under the guidance of Renee Contreras from Viva! Pomona, featured the shoegaze and grunge rock vibes of Narrow Head mid afternoon. Fronted by Jacob Duarte and supported by Carson Wilcox, William Menjivar, Ryan Chavez, and Kora Puckett, the band channels ‘90s grunge with a gritty edge, drawing inspiration from My Bloody Valentine, Slowdive, as well as hardcore acts like Hum and Failure.
Narrow Head’s 35-minute set came in with the energy of fury and marked the bands Coachella debut. Duarte didn’t shy away from his use of metal screams and heavy vocal lines between tracks like “Nodding Off,” “Ashtray,” and “Nervous Habit.” Initially seeking refuge from the heat, attendees soon found themselves transformed into fans, igniting impromptu mosh pits and even staging daring dives as the set progressed. Since its formation in 2013, Narrow Head has been steadily ascending the ranks of rock, poised to become a cornerstone of the shoegaze genre.
— Holly Alvarado
The Japanese House, the stage name of British indie pop singer-songwriter Amber Marie Bain, came on stage with her band to play to a big crowd in Mojave … then called for a do-over.
“You know what, we’re going to pretend this never happened,” Bain said as technical issues frustrated here. “We’re going off stage, get this fixed, and come back on.”
Fifteen minutes of her 40-minute set passed before The Japanese House returned, and even then, while Bain gamely dealt with more tech issues while singing lovely versions of “Sad To Breathe,” “Something Has To Change,” and more.
And she wasn’t the only artist to struggle with first-day problems. Kokoroko was similarly delayed getting started, and Late Night Drive Home did its first number without a working microphone for its singer.
Later, pop singer Sabrina Carpenter had trouble with the pedals of her piano — was was setup in the trunk of a car on stage for some reason — but told her tech guy and the audience at the Main Stage it was probably die to her five-inch heels.
— Peter Larsen
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group