"So she always lets me take the blame"
Miley Cyrus has revealed that the ‘Born In The U.S.A.’ pole dance routine from her 2009 tour was her mother’s idea.
Speaking to her sister Brandi Cyrus on Spotify’s Billions Club series, Miley opened up about the performance which saw her pole dancing while attached to an ice cream cart while she was still a teenager.
The performance sparked a backlash from fans who thought Cyrus was too young to be performing the routine.
However, Miley has now revealed that the performance was actually a suggestion from her mother, Tish Cyrus.
“This is going to be no surprise to you. Do you know whose idea that was?” Miley asked her older sister, who then correctly guessed it was their mother.
“Yup, that was my mom’s idea. So she always lets me take the blame,” the ‘Flowers’ hitmaker continued. “When I got in trouble the next day, you know who was nowhere to be found? Tish Cyrus.”
She went on to say that the thing that stood out most about the performance for her was far from the things that caused controversy about it. “The thing that I remember most about that performance was it was the first time I ever wore real diamond jewellery on stage. So you guys remember the little old ice cream truck, but I remember the diamonds,” she said.
Used To Be Young (Series) – PART 21
 ♬ Used To Be Young – Miley Cyrus 
Miley has spoken about her live debut of ‘Party in the U.S.A.’ previously. In a TikTok video last year, the singer explained that the pole was actually used for “stability” (as per Billboard).
“My mom was like, ‘I think it would be really cool if she was in the trailer park, ’cause that’s where we really do come from’. So, apparently me dancing on an ice cream cart with a stripper pole, but it wasn’t a stripper pole, it was actually just for stability. I had a heel on! Like what did you want from me?” she added. “Was I really gonna do my performance without dancing on top of an ice cream cart?”
Recently, Miley opened up about the impact her career has had on younger musicians including Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan and Olivia Rodrigo.
When asked what it was like to have Carpenter, Roan and Rodrigo look up to her, and to have grown up with Miley through her time on Disney‘s Hannah Montana. Miley said: “At the time, you never think about in the future someone replicating what you do. You’re just doing it because it’s honest in the moment so now to see that impacting culture is something that I didn’t know that I wanted, but I guess I do.”
“I have my own artists that have created who I am, like a Stevie Nicks or Dolly Parton or Tina Turner. Even though they kind of look up to me in the way that I’ve looked up to these other women, it’s really important that they do it their own way, because that’s what my career has represented above all else, is that even though I have always looked to these influences, I’ve always done it my own way.
“So I think the freedom that I’ve kind of given these other artists to be themselves, do it proud and loud, it’s just amazing to watch that kind of be so impactful and influential,” she explained.
Chappell Roan spoke of Cyrus’ influence in a video message for the former Hannah Montana star’s induction into the Disney Legends in August, saying: “The thing that I admire about Miley Cyrus is that she constantly reinvents herself and always works. For a lot of artists, it can seem inauthentic or out of the blue, but she’s very open about her transformations artistically and personally, and she’s so true to herself. She puts out music that is so authentic.
“Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana tour with Jonas Brothers opening was my first concert ever. She came down in a box from the ceiling. I was like, ‘How do I do that one day?’ I still think about it. I still think about the show. I want to be like Hannah Montana. There’s a lot of crossover between Miley and my project, and it’s just like, I’m such a fan too.”
Cyrus’ 2023 album ‘Endless Summer Vacation’ scored a four-star review from NME, who wrote: “‘Endless Summer Vacation’ certainly feels like an accurate reflection of who she is as an artist – and a person – in 2023. She’s still working out what she wants from a relationship. She knows she can pull off different musical styles even when she’s not trying to make bangers (or ‘Bangerz’). And when she sings “But don’t forget, baby I’m a wildcard” on the third-to-last song, you’ll definitely believe her.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.