Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month by discovering the story behind the iconic pink sponge, created by Rea Ann Silva, a visionary Latina entrepreneur. 

													By
												

	Lilian Gonzalez


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	In honor of Hispanic Heritage Month, which wraps up on Oct. 15, we’re celebrating Beautyblender founder and CEO Rea Ann Silva. Fans of Silva’s iconic pink egg-shaped sponge know it’s a favorite among beauty lovers and celebrities alike, including Selena Gomez, Sabrina Carpenter, Tinashe, Tate McRae and Madison Beer.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	In a recent interview on the Today show, Silva’s inspiring journey was highlighted, showcasing her roots and beginnings. Raised in a working-class Latino family in Los Angeles, she worked hard to achieve her success. To support herself while studying at fashion school, she worked at beauty counters in department stores before transitioning to a career as a makeup artist, where she had the opportunity to work with notable stars like Kerry Washington, Taraji P. Henson and Regina King.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	On April 18, Silva posted on her Instagram account, sharing her backstory. “I was a makeup artist that did film and television for many, many years. And I was one of the first, if not the first, to create a tool for high-definition and that’s where this little baby was invented on the set of Girlfriends on the Paramount lot here in Hollywood, California.” For those unfamiliar with Girlfriends, it was a 2000s sitcom that aired for eight seasons, focusing on a variety of family and friendship dynamics.
A post shared by beautyblender (@beautyblender)

	Silva continued: “I was tasked with trying to make sure that the girls from Girlfriends looked really natural and beautiful while they were wearing makeup all day in high-definition when you would see every pore on their skin. And that’s where this little beauty was born.”

	On Sept. 27, Silva was honored with the 2024 Entrepreneurial Award at the Kennedy Center’s Hispanic Heritage Awards. “The simple fact of having Latina aunts, mothers, cousins, there is no way of escaping beauty because in our community and in our heritage, beauty is such an important part of who we are and how we express ourselves,” she shared in an interview with PBS.

	You can find this easy-to-use Beautyblender Original Makeup Sponge at Sephora, Amazon, Target, Ulta Beauty, Walmart and Kohl’s. Scroll down to add this celebrity-approved pink sponge to your makeup bag.

		Achieve a flawless and celebrity-inspired look with the iconic Beautyblender makeup sponge, created by Silva, an empowering Latina entrepreneur.	

	For more product recommendations, check out other must-have makeup products to add to your shopping list and discover the best Ulta Beauty deals now.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.