By Dessi Gomez 
SEO Staff Writer

Updated with the latest: Saturday Night Live has revealed its ending host and musical guest pairings.

Abbott Elementary star and creator Quinta Brunson will return for her second time hosting on May 3, with musical guest Benson Boone, whose album American Heart comes out in June. The White Lotus star Walton Goggins will host May 10, with musical guest Arcade Fire in accompaniment. And last, but certainly not least, Scarlett Johansson, who is married to Weekend Update host Colin Jost, will take Season 50 home alongside musical guest Bad Bunny.

	With Jason Reitman’s Saturday Night arriving in October 2024, the show’s beginnings became memorialized in another way. New cast members have been added ahead of SNL Season 50, and some have been updated to regulars.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Read on for everything we know about SNL Season 50.

When did SNL Season 50 start?

	Season 50 premiered Sept. 28, 2024.

Who hosted the first episode of SNL Season 50?

	Fresh off of her Emmy win for Hacks, Jean Smart will host the first episode of the landmark season on Sept. 28. The musical guest for this episode — Jelly Roll — also performed at the Emmys during the In Memoriam segment.

RELATED: Jean Smart To Host ‘SNL’ Season 50 Opener With Nate Bargatze, Ariana Grande, Michael Keaton & John Mulaney Also Set As Fall Hosts

Who will host the finale episodes of SNL Season 50?

	Quinta Brunson will host with musical guest Benson Boone on May 3, and Walton Goggins will host May 10 with musical guest Arcade Fire. The final episode of the landmark season of the sketch comedy will be hosted by Scarlett Johansson for her seventh gig, and Bad Bunny will close out the musical guest appearances.

Who else has hosted SNL Season 50 episodes?

	April watched A Minecraft Movie star Jack Black host with musical guest duo Brandi Carlile and Elton John, who recently released an album together. Jon Hamm, whose Apple TV+ show Your Friends and Neighbors arrived in April, also hosted that month with musical guest Lizzo.

	March episodes were hosted by comedian Shane Gillis and then musician Lady Gaga who pulled double duty, to coincide with the release of Gaga’s new album, Mayhem. Tate McRae accompaned Shane Gillis as musical guest March 1 on the heels of the arrival of her new album So Close to What. Anora star and Best Actress Oscar winner Mikey Madison also hosted in March with musical guest Morgan Wallen.

	










	Nate Bargatze, Ariana Grande, Michael Keaton and John Mulaney also hosted  early consecutive episodes of the sketch comedy show.

	After the election, Bill Burr hosted the Nov. 9 show with Mk.gee as musical guest. Then Charli XCX pulled double duty as host and musical guest Nov. 16.

RELATED: ‘SNL’ Season 50 Schedule, Hosts And Musical Guests

	Following the release of his big box office competitor Gladiator II, Paul Mescal hosted Dec. 7 with musical guest Shaboozey. Dec. 14’s show was hosted by Chris Rock with Gracie Abrams appearing for the first time as musical guest. Martin Short hosted the Dec. 21 show with musical guest Hozier, and this fulfilled the sketch comedy’s 50th season through 2024.

	Dave Chappelle hosted the first episode back in the new year, and A Complete Unknown star Timothée Chalamet also pulled double duty as host and musical guest following Chappelle, whose musical guest was GloRilla.

Who are the musical guests for SNL Season 50?

	The first five episodes have revealed their host and musical guest pairings. After the premiere, Coldplay will accompany Nate Bargatze on Oct. 5, Stevie Nicks will accompany Ariana Grande Oct. 12, Billie Eilish will accompany Michael Keaton on Oct 19 and Chappell Roan will perform when John Mulaney hosts on Nov. 2. The show will take a Halloween hiatus before its return ahead of the 2024 presidential election. For a visual representation of the pairings and SNL schedule for Season 50, see below:

	Musical guests for Season 49 included Sabrina Carpenter, Dua Lipa, Kacey Musgraves, Travis Scott, Jennifer Lopez, Ariana Grande and others. Hosts included Ryan Gosling, Jake Gyllenhaal, Kristen Wiig, Ramy Youssef, Josh Brolin, Sydney Sweeney, Shane Gillis, Ayo Edebiri and others. Still more celebrities who made cameo appearances last season include Caitlin Clark, Glen Powell, Jon Hamm.

Who will be in the cast of SNL Season 50?

	Newcomers Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline have joined the cast ahead of the landmark season. Padilla has been a main member of The Groundlings since 2021, and she appeared in HBO’s Curb Your Enthusiasm and NBC’s Night Court. Wakim debuted on late-night TV in 2022 on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, which is executive-produced by SNL boss Lorne Michaels. Wickline has a large following on TikTok as a cast member on the live show Stapleview. She also appeared in the 2024 Mubi movie My First Film.

RELATED: ‘SNL’s Punkie Johnson Explains Why She “Didn’t Really Feel Like I Fit” On Show











	Marcello Hernandez, Michael Longfellow and Devon Walker have been promoted to the main cast after they first joined the sketch comedy show in 2022.

	Those who won’t return for Season 50 include Chloe Troast, Punkie Johnson and Molly Kearney.

What else can viewers expect for Season 50 of Saturday Night Live?

	As the 2024 presidential election approaches, politics will be a common thread in skits as the show comments on the current affairs of the United States. As Deadline exclusively reported, Maya Rudolph has returned to play Vice President Kamala Harris, who stepped up as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States after Biden withdrew from the race.

RELATED: Maya Rudolph Shows Off Why She’s Mother In ‘SNL’ Monologue

	Steve Martin was associated with portraying Tim Walz on the show, but the Only Murders in the Building actor won’t be appearing as the Vice Presidential Candidate. Instead, Jim Gaffigan portrayed Tim Walz in the first episode, and then he switched parties to portray VP candidate JD Vance in the second episode of Season 50.

	Dana Carvey has portrayed President Joe Biden thus far, and Andy Samberg has portrayed Kamala Harris’ husband Dough Emhoff.

	The opportunities are endless for former cast members to return and various skits and sketches to be revisited.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.