Get it while it’s still in stock!
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
IDK about you, but Selena Gomez is feeling 32! The multi-hyphenate took to IG on her birthday to share a few pics from her beachside celebration, sporting a new diamond-covered “B” necklace from her man, Benny Blanco, as well as a sweet lil romper from Free People in summer’s hottest color: butter yellow. And while her necklace (which came from L.A.-based brand Baby Gold and retails for a casual $600) may be a bit out of budget, you’ll be happy to know her Free People Forever Young Romper only cost $78—and it’s still in stock!
The mini romper is super lightweight and great for layering—plus, the  crinkled texture and relaxed silhouette give it a casual lewk that’s ideal for summer hangs. Side note: I get that $78 isn’t a total steal for everyone, so if you’re looking to hop on the butter-yellow trend without spend too much $$$, I found some more affordable alternatives that’ll give you a similar vibe for less:
Selena isn’t the only one wearing the color of the summer recently—Taylor Swift wore a pair of butter-yellow heels on a double date with Travis Kelce, Brittany Mahomes, and Patrick Mahomes just last week. And to celebrate her own birthday back in May, Sabrina Carpenter chose a butter-yellow mini inspired by How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days. Oh, and let’s not forget that butter-yellow two-piece ’fit Hailey Bieber rocked at Rhode HQ in June. The trend is trending, ppl!
If you’re looking for a one-and-done piece to get you through the rest of the summer, the Free People Forever Young Romper is it (and btw: The Free People San Tropez Maxi Dress that Selena wore on July 4 is also still in stock but quickly selling out!). 
Corinne Sullivan is an Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers a variety of beats, including lifestyle, entertainment, relationships, shopping, and more. She can tell you everything you need to know about the love lives of A-listers, the coziest bedsheets, and the sex toys actually worth your $$$. She is also the author of the 2018 novel Indecent. Follow her on Instagram for cute pics of her pup and bébé. 
Even Water Couldn't Douse Tyla's Scorching Looks
Carrie Bradshaw Would Love Doechii’s Latest Look
Sources Debunk Jen and Pedro Dating Rumors
Demi Lovato Recreates Her Iconic ‘Disney Knees’ 
Katy Perry's Naked Dress Is Totally See-Through
Sophia Joked About How Olivia Hid Her Pregnancy
Benson Boone Stays Shirtless While Recording Music
Timothée Chalamet Is Entering a New Era at 'SNL'
Meghan and Harry Respond to L.A. Wildfires
Anitta Is Rocking the Bikini + Snow Boots Trend
Chrishell Shares L.A. Update With 'Traitors' Promo
Hailey Bieber's Mocha Mousse Trench Coat
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.