Is Sabrina calling Shawn and Camila Cabello out on her new album?
Remember when the entire internet was convinced Shawn Mendes was dating his chiropractor? Yeah, not so much, lol. Shawn was actually reportedly dating fellow musician Sabrina Carpenter, during early 2023.
 And if you're in the mood to read into secret clues in his necklace choices (we'll get to them in a min), it looks like they may have been together as early as January 2023. Here's a full timeline of everything we know about Shawn and Sabrina's relationship — including lyrics from her new album that might be about him. Starting with the most recent update...
Over a year after Sabrina and Shawn were linked, fans are convinced that Sabrina's new album Short n' Sweet is at least in part about Shawn, especially the songs 'Dumb & Poetic' 'Taste' and 'Coincidence.'
Some lyrics from 'Dumb & Poetic?' Ahem:
"You're so dumb and poeticIt's just what I fall for, I like the aestheticEvery self-help book, you've already read itCherry-pick lines like they're words you inventedGold star for highbrow manipulationAnd 'love everyone' is your favourite quotationTry to come off like you're soft and well-spokenJack off to lyrics by Leonard Cohen"
In another song, 'Taste', she sings:
“I heard you’re back together and if that’s true / You’ll just have to taste me when he’s kissin’ you.”
Meanwhile, there's speculation that 'Coincidence' is about Shawn pursuing Camila Cabello while he was with Sabrina:
"Last week, you didn't have any doubtsThis week, you're holding space for her tongue in your mouthNow shе's sendin' you some pictures wеarin' less and lessTryna turn the past into the present tense, huhSuckin' up to all of your mutual friends"
Fans think 'Tryna turn the past into the present tense, huh' links to their love triangle because Shawn and Camila dated up until 2021, before he was rumoured to be linked to Sabrina in February 2023. 
Then, Camila and Shawn were photographed together again, kissing at Coachella festival in April 2023, months after speculation about him and Sabrina. Hmm. 
Interesting, over the weekend after the album was released, Camila shared a TikTok to her song 'June Gloom', which lyrics read: "She’s cool, I heard. Won’t act surprised, I saw the pictures. We’re a house fire, for sure. Hope it’ll burn out, but it just gets bigger.
"If she’s so amazing, why are you on this side of town? If you like her so much, what are you here trying to find out?”
Um, could that be a retaliation?
Relationship rumours kick off when a tipster writes into DeuxMoi saying, “Spotted Shawn Mendes and Sabrina Carpenter on clearly a date at Horses anon pls. Thursday night.” DeuxMoi asks for more details and the tipster adds, “Sabrina was in a little brown miniskirt and clearly was Shawn newly shaved head wearing white sweater. They were verrrry comfortable.”
Innnnnnteresting.
Us Weekly posts pictures of Shawn and Sabrina walking around LA! It definitely adds fuel to the rumour fire, but honestly they could've just be friends at this point. 
Shawn and Sabrina are spotted leaving Miley Cyrus's album release party together. They attempt to do the whole ~one of them walks out first and rushes to the car~ thing, but please. We're not new here.
Shawn and Sabrina both attend Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party, and while they don't pose together on the red carpet... they are spotted chatting in the background of this video leaning into each other and chatting:
Plus Sabrina is seen looking in Shawn's direction not once, but twice while doing a red carpet interview:
Safe to say she. is. smitten. 
A source finallllly confirms that Shawn and Sabrina are, in fact, dating, telling Entertainment Tonight, "Shawn and Sabrina are seeing each other. They have been hanging out a lot and trying to keep things low-key. They were at a birthday party together a couple weeks ago and were cute together. Shawn is happy."
The source also confirms that Shawn was not dating his chiropractor Dr. Jocelyn Miranda, explaining, "It has never been romantic between them." Noted!
Fans realise that Shawn has potentially been wearing a necklace with Sabrina's birthstone since as far back as January!
And he wore it under his sheer turtleneck to the Vanity Fair party:
Shawn breaks his silence on Sabrina rumours, telling RTL Boulevard “We are not dating.”  I mean, kay, but for what it's worth Shawn also denied dating Camila Cabello when they most definitely were together, so....
It's not clear when Sabrina and Shawn's relationship fizzled out, but...
Camila and Shawn send X (formerly known as Twitter) into a frenzy after the pair were spotted kissing at Coachella festival in Los Angeles. 
On day one of the celeb-favoured music festival, a number of videos (see here and here) began circulating on social media seemingly showing the pair locking lips. It comes just two years after Camila and Shawn announced that they were calling time on their romance.  
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.