Talk about a show-stopping moment! Sabrina Carpenter’s Short N’ Sweet Tour hit new heights on November 15 when she brought out none other than pop legend Christina Aguilera for a surprise duet.
The 25-year-old Best New Artist Grammy nominee was performing at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles when she stunned the crowd by introducing Christina to the stage. Fans erupted as the two powerhouse vocalists teamed up for an unforgettable performance of not one, but two iconic tracks.
The night kicked off with Christina delivering a stunning rendition of her 2006 hit “Ain’t No Other Man,” joined by Sabrina, who seamlessly added her own flair to the song. The energy in the arena skyrocketed, with fans singing along to every word.
Even Frozen star Josh Gad, who was in the audience, couldn’t resist capturing the magic. He shared a video of the performance on Instagram, praising the electrifying moment. “Legends only,” he captioned the post, perfectly summing up the vibe of the night.
But that wasn’t all. A second video, shared on X (formerly known as Twitter), revealed that the duo also performed “What a Girl Wants.” Earlier this year, the two artists had teamed up for a special duet of the same track to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Christina’s debut album.
Fashion-wise, both stars were a vision of glamour and edge. Christina rocked a black bustier paired with dazzling thigh-high silver boots, effortlessly oozing confidence. Sabrina complemented her with a shimmering black robe and leotard, proving that their fashion game was as on-point as their vocals.
This unexpected collaboration wasn’t just a treat for fans of Sabrina Carpenter—it also showcased Christina Aguilera’s ongoing influence as a pop icon. For Sabrina, sharing the stage with one of her musical idols was undoubtedly a career-defining moment.
The surprise duet is already being hailed as one of the most memorable highlights of Sabrina’s Short N’ Sweet Tour. It’s no small feat to bring Christina Aguilera onto your stage, but Sabrina pulled it off with grace and excitement, earning her even more love from her fans.
With moments like these, it’s no wonder Sabrina’s star continues to rise. As for Christina? She proved once again why she remains one of the most celebrated voices in music. The combination of their talents created a magical moment that fans will be talking about long after the final note.
What’s next for these two? We’ll just have to wait and see—but one thing’s for sure: this performance was a night to remember.
By: Michelle |
November 18, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!