Now here’s something to nipple on.
Fashionistas with a flair for flaunting flesh are becoming near-nudists thanks to the extreme underboob fad. 
“You have so much faith in that dress,” raved a fan beneath Emma Chamberlain’s eye-popping Instagram post. “I wish my girlies looked that good.”
The amply endowed influencer, 23, turned heads just ahead of Paris Couture Week, rocking the red carpet in a risqué Rick Owens ensemble with a peek-a-boo, underboob feature. 
“Slay,” cheered a separate admirer of her assets. “But my nipples could never.”
Chamberlain’s look-at-me chest, however, is in choice company. 
A-listers such as Katy Perry, Beyoncé, Sabrina Carpenter and Zendaya have recently exuded over-the-top chicness while spotlighting the bottoms of their breasts. 
It’s a trend rooted in baring it all or bust. 
As boobs are making a comeback in haute couture, owing to lusty looks on hit shows like “Bridgerton,” VIPs are becoming increasingly creative about showing off their stuff.
Kylie Jenner, alongside a few other not-so-shy celebs, was previously hailed a pioneer of the underboob look. However, “It” girls of the moment are taking the NSFW style to new extremes. 
Perry, 39, gave music lovers an eyeful of underboob Sunday, while walking the star-studded Vouge World: Paris runway in an ultra-revealing number by Noir Kei Ninomiya. 
Doubling down on the daring display, the “Firework” songstress let it all hang out again at Balenciaga’s fall 2024 couture runway show Wednesday. Rather than covering up, the rocker cut a X-rated figure by going topless under an oversized fur coat. 
She paired the barely-there ‘fit with a pair of ripped tights pulled over pointy pumps. 
Halsey, 29, too, sent tongues wagging with underboob glam at the top of the week, displaying her goodies in a 1970s-inspired, gold gown at the premiere of “MaXXXine” in Los Angeles.
And “Espresso” singer Carpenter, 25, served up sights of her décolletage through a heart-shaped cutout during her June 8 performance at NYC’s Gov Ball. 
Hollywood’s Queen Bey, 42, flashed the undercarriage of her cleavage in a black, keyhole-cut dress while promoting her “Cowboy Carter” anthology in the spring. Zendaya, 27, donned a brown underboob top at the “Dune 2” debut in February. 
And naturally, fans adored her fashionable nod to the au naturel. 
“Zendaya with the bob & the underboob,” praised an X user. “Yes ma’am.”
Advertisement