"Never broken a bone before so this is all a bit crazy."
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Kid Cudi broke his foot after jumping offstage during Coachella weekend 2.

 The rapper updated fans on Sunday evening, writing on social media that he had been discharged from the hospital. "Never broken a bone before so this is all a bit crazy," Cudi wrote. "I wanna thank u all for ur concerns and well wishes!! I love y'all man. I heard ya'll still ragin when I was offstage. Made me smile big."

 Cudi, who last graced the Coachella stage in 2019, was in the middle of a set on the Sahara stage when he attempted to jump into the photographers pit, per footage (below) captured of the incident. Security helped escort Cudi away to receive medical attention.

 Cudi was announced as a surprise addition to the festival set early last week. He released his ninth studio album, Insano, earlier this year, and is gearing up to embark on a world tour in promotion of the album, which kicks off June 28 in Austin, Texas. He'll be joined by Pusha T, Jaden Smith, EARTHGANG, Chelsea Pastel, and Siena Bella in select cities.

Scott Dudelson/Getty
 Headlined by Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, and Doja Cat, Coachella weekend 2 performers also included Peso Pluma, No Doubt, Ice Spice, and Sabrina Carpenter, among others.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)