Join or Sign In
Sign in to customize your TV listings
By joining TV Guide, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy.
Spend the last days of 2024 with Squid Game's Player 456
Lee Jung-jae, Squid Game
The holiday season must be here, because Netflix's December offerings are bountiful. But be warned: Not every title is holly jolly. To start, Squid Game is returnning for Season 2 more than three years after the Korean thriller premiered, and anyone who's binged Season 1 knows there's nothing joyous or festive about the series — though the infamous challenges based on children's games can have you fooled initially.   
And at first glance, new series No Good Deed may appear to be an upbeat comedy, since it's starring Lisa Kudrow and Ray Romano, but all is not what it seems in the luxurious home they're trying to sell.   
Also coming to Netflix in December are the adaptation of Gabriel García Márquez's 1967 novel One Hundred Years of Solitude and a music biopic with Angelina Jolie as its lead.   
Here are our most anticipated Netflix shows and movies for the month, plus the full list of everything coming to and leaving Netflix in December.   
Next month's guide: New Netflix shows and movies in January 2025  Last month's guide: New Netflix shows and movies in November 2024
More streaming:
Susana Morales, Marco Antonio González, One Hundred Years of Solitude
After years in development (since March 2019, to be exact), Netflix's One Hundred Years of Solitude — which adapts Gabriel García Márquez's famed 1967 novel of the same name — is finally premiering. Well, at least the first part is, which consists of 8 of the 16 episodes. The story follows generations of the Buendía family and their life within the utopian town that patriarch José Arcadio Buendía (Marco González) founded. Also starring are Susana Morales as Úrsula Iguarán, Claudio Cataño as Colonel Aureliano, and Moreno Borja as Melquiades. [Trailer]
If you missed the stunning poster for Pablo Larraín's upcoming movie Maria, do yourself a favor and search it up now. We can only hope the film starring Angelina Jolie as acclaimed opera singer Maria Callas is as visually captivating as the teaser art. Following the soprano in her final days, Maria tells the story of the woman behind the renowned voice. All signs point to Jolie receiving a Best Actress nomination for her performance, and she is joined in the cast by Kodi Smit-McPhee, Alba Rohrwacher, Pierfrancesco Favino, and Valeria Golino. [Trailer]
In No Good Deed, three families are vying for the same property: a beautiful 1920s Spanish-style villa in Los Angeles. But edging out the competition may just be the least of their worries. That's because Lydia (Lisa Kudrow) and Paul (Ray Romano), the owners of the home, are hiding secrets within it that even they haven't yet faced. The series is created by Liz Feldman, best known for being the mind behind dark comedy Dead to Me. [Trailer]
For reasons unbeknownst to us, Gi-hun (Lee Jung-jae) has decided to play another round of Squid Game. That's right — after narrowly escaping death in the Korean thriller's first season, Player 456 thought, "Let's do this again!" Of course, we're expecting his agenda for returning to the arena to be unveiled in Squid Game Season 2. In the meantime, there's nothing to complain about when it comes to Hwang Dong-hyuk's global phenomenon of a show coming back with a new iteration of life-or-death games. Lee Byung-hun, Gong Yoo, and Wi Ha-jun are reprising their roles as the Front Man, the Salesman, and Hwang Jun-ho, respectively. Season 2's cast also includes Park Sung-hoon, Yim Si-wan, Kang Ha-neul, Jo Yu-ri, and Choi Seung-hyun. [Trailer] [Everything to Know About Squid Game Season 2]
More on Netflix:
Dec. 1Bunk'd: Season 7   Burlesque   Daddy Day Care   The Happytime Murders   Little   Midway   Project X   We're the Millers   Zero Dark Thirty   
Dec. 230 for 30: Bad Boys   30 for 30: Celtics/Lakers: The Best of Enemies   30 for 30: Sole Man   30 for 30: This Magic Moment   30 for 30: This Was the XFL   30 for 30: Winning Time: Reggie Miller vs. The New York Knicks   
Dec. 3Fortune Feimster: Crushing It   
Dec. 4The Children's Train   Churchill at War   The Only Girl in the Orchestra   Tomorrow and I   That Christmas   The Ultimatum: Marry or Move On: Season 3   
Dec. 5BEASTARS: Final Season: Part 1   Black Doves   Compliance   Jentry Chau vs the Underworld   Subservience   Top Chef: Boston   Top Chef: Kentucky   Top Chef: Seattle   
Dec. 6A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter   Biggest Heist Ever   Camp Crasher   Echoes of the Past   Mary   
Dec. 9The Great British Baking Show: Holidays: Season 7   Rubble and Crew: Season 1   
Dec. 10Jamie Foxx: What Had Happened Was…   Polo   Rugged Rugby: Conquer or Die   
Dec. 11The Kings of Tupelo: A Southern Crime Saga   Makayla's Voice: A Letter to the World   Maria   One Hundred Years of Solitude: Part 1   Queer Eye: Season 9    
Dec. 12La Palma   No Good Deed   
Dec. 13   1992   Carry-On   Disaster Holiday   
Dec. 16The Dead Don't Die   The Equalizer: Seasons 1-3   
Dec. 17Aaron Rodgers: Enigma   Ronny Chieng: Love To Hate It   
Dec. 18Julia's Stepping Stone   The Manny: Season 2   
Dec. 19The Dragon Prince: Season 7   Project Runway: Seasons 18-19   Virgin River: Season 6   
Dec. 20Ferry 2   The Six Triple Eight   Umjolo: Day Ones   UniverXO Dabiz   
Dec. 21   Flipping Out: Seasons 6-8   
Dec. 24Your Friend Nate Bargatze   
Dec. 25   NFL on Christmas: Baltimore Ravens vs. Houston Texans   NFL on Christmas: Kansas City Chiefs vs. Pittsburgh Steelers   
Dec. 26   Squid Game: Season 2   
Dec. 28Maestro in Blue: Season 3   
Dec. 30   Mad Max: Fury Road   
Dec. 31Avicii - I'm Tim   Avicii - My Last Show   Evil: Season 3   Michelle Buteau: A Buteau-ful Mind at Radio City Music Hall   The Millionaire Matchmaker: Seasons 5-7   
Dec. 1Ali   Battle Kitty: Season 1   Blood and Bone   The Boss Baby: Get That Baby!   Buddy Thunderstruck: The Maybe Pile   Captain Underpants Epic Choice-o-Rama   Carmen Sandiego: To Steal or Not to Steal   Cat Burglar   Choose Love   The Devil's Own   Diary of a Mad Black Woman   Doing Hard Time   Escape The Undertaker   Frances Ha   Glengarry Glen Ross   Headspace: Unwind Your Mind   Hunter Killer   It Chapter Two   Johnny Test's Ultimate Meatloaf Quest   The Last Kids on Earth: Happy Apocalypse to You   The Little Things   National Security   Point Break   Space Jam: A New Legacy   Spirit Riding Free: Ride Along Adventure   Stretch Armstrong: The Breakout   To Leslie   Trivia Quest: Season 1   Triviaverse   Troy   We Lost Our Human   What to Expect When You're Expecting   
Dec. 2      White Girl      
Dec. 3The Commuter   
Dec. 6Reminiscence   
Dec. 7Trolls   Voltron: Legendary Defender: Seasons 1-8   
Dec. 16Darkest Hour   Mortal Kombat   
Dec. 20Ruby Gillman, Teenage Kraken   
Dec. 25The Flash   
Dec. 31   Royal Pains: Seasons 1-8