Sabrina Carpenter wowed fans with her stunning outfits on the opening night of her Short n' Sweet Tour.
The pop princess paired her powerhouse vocals with gorgeous beauty looks and slick choreography, but it was her themed costumes that caught the attention of Swifties.
Taylor Swift fans who love Sabrina were enamoured by her Broadway-worthy outfits, and now they're hoping she'll mix and match her looks each night like her best friend and Eras Tour mentor.
Megafan @eurosweetheart treated fashion lovers to a rundown of Sabrina's looks on TikTok. As the social media star explained, the 'Espresso' singer went all out with her looks on the opening night of her tour, which included a bodysuit, a babydoll dress, and a two-piece set.
"The Short n' Sweet Tour outfits are absolutely unmatched," explained @eurosweetheart before delivering a rundown of the looks. First up, the fan showed off Sabrina's bejewelled towel that unwraps to reveal a baby pink bodysuit. "She's giving blonde Betty Boop," @eurosweetheart commented.
Then the fan talked about Sabrina's next look, an embellished babydoll dress, and said they could see Sabrina taking inspiration from Taylor and wearing "multiple variants of this in different colours".
Next, attention turned to Sabrina's black lace bodysuit which she modified several times for her next songs before she changed into another two-piece set that also changed mid-show, when the long skirt gave way to a mini skirt, as per the fan's video.
Reacting to the clip, fans said they loved Sabrina's fashion. "The Tay daughter learned well," one praised. A second said: "Her outfits SCREAM Grease! I love them." Someone agreed: "The babydoll reminds me of the sleepover in Grease," and another fan thought: "100% giving old Hollywood."
"I love that it's giving slumber party/getting ready with the girls for a night out," a commenter praised, and a different fan said: "That bodysuit feather combo is so Madonna inspired I love it!" Someone else wrote: "I feel like if she has variants people will say she's 'copying' Taylor, but I'd love to see some different colours!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.