Wham's 'Last Christmas' has an 88 per cent chance of making it to the top of the charts for Christmas Day, according to Coral bookmakers - but its repeat appearance could leave fans fuming.
The song already hit the number one spot in 2023 - and it's been around for four decades, celebrating its 40th anniversary this year, meaning some are desperate to see a change. Although nostalgia looms large in the charts every festive season, many are keen for new tracks to get a chance to shine.
However, the likes of Sabrina Carpenter and Tom Brennan - who are 25 and 29 years old respectively - may be the only "new" contenders with a chance of making it into the top ten this year. According to Fruityslots.com, Sabrina's 'A Nonsense Christmas' has just a 2.2 per cent probability of winning the race.
Tom's 'It Can't Be Christmas' has higher odds, according to the firm's supercomputer, as it's been awarded a 6.2 per cent change of making the grade. Other strong contenders include Mariah Carey's 'All I Want For Christmas Is You', which also topped the UK charts on the big day in 2020 and 2022.
It already represents one of the most likely tracks shoppers will hear as they load their trolleys with turkey in the supermarket and dash around town for last minute bargains or to replenish shrinking supplies of wrapping paper. Meanwhile, Wham's 'Last Christmas' has also had dominance in the charts for years, nearly making it to the top spot way back on Christmas Day 1984 too.
  READ MORE:    Shirley Kemp spills George Michael’s Christmas tradition with Wham bandmates  [LATEST] 
“It seems more and more unlikely that any other contenders will mount a serious challenge for number one, with Tom Grennan (8/1) and Mariah Carey (12/1) some way adrift in the betting.
"It looks like the UK is heading towards another year of Wham! dominating the radio waves this Christmas,” a spokesperson for William Hill clarified, becoming the third bookmaker firm to confirm the news.
Fans have been left divided over the news, with one saying: "To be honest, I'd be happy for ANYTHING other than "Last Christmas" to be the Christmas No. 1 ..."
Another agreed: "I guess Wham ‘Last Christmas’ is going to be Christmas No.1 again this year… is this what it will be every single year now going forward? A third replied: "We need the power of Spice back at the top of the Christmas charts."
But one argued: "Wham!’s Last Christmas reclaiming the No. 1 spot is a fitting tribute to its enduring charm, especially as it celebrates its 40th anniversary. It's a song that has become synonymous with the holiday season, and after decades, it finally claimed the Christmas No. 1 in 2023. With its catchy melody and nostalgic lyrics, it’s no surprise that it's a strong contender to top the charts again this year!"
Multiple bookies have suggested the track will be crowned Christmas number one, but FruitySlots.com has suggested there'll still be "room for surprises".
  Don't miss...     George Michael sued in Last Christmas row and song that almost cost him fortune  [LAWSUIT]     George Michael's pals expose detail in Last Christmas music video fans may miss  [INSIGHT]     Visit the real ‘Last Christmas’ ski village George Michael stayed in  [TRAVEL] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Another classic in the running is the Band Aid charity single 'Do They Know It's Christmas?', receiving odds of 4.7 per cent.
Ed Sheeran recently said he'd not consented to his vocals being included on the newest version of the track, despite participating years earlier, as he feared it could "perpetuate damaging stereotypes that stifle Africa's economic growth, tourism and investment" and destroy the country's "dignity, pride and identity".
However, Ed's 'Merry Christmas' track, recorded with Elton John, has a 3.4 per cent chance of topping the charts this year.
There's also talk of Liam Payne's 'All I Want (For Christmas)' making a comeback after the singer's tragic death in Argentina in October, following a fall from a hotel room balcony.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated