On Friday, December 6, Netflix debuted A Nonsense Christmas With Sabrina Carpenter, a holiday special hosted by the “Espresso” singer with other beloved musical stars as her guests.
“The holidays have always been so special to me,” Carpenter said in a statement when the show was announced. “I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show—infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”
Throughout the special, Carpenter performed songs from her 2023 holiday EP “Fruitcake,” including “A Nonsense Christmas.” 
Guests included Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain, and Kali Uchis. Tyla and Carpenter dueted on “This Christmas,” while Twain and Carpenter sang “Santa Baby,” before she and Uchis took on “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus.” Roan and Carpenter also sang “Last Christmas” on the Short N’ Sweet Tour singer’s disheveled set.
The show included a number of comedic bits as well, with guests like Abbott Elementary star Quinta Brunson, actor Nico Hiraga, and model Cara Delevingne.
“There are comedy specials, and there are musical specials, and there are holiday specials. But who does musical comedy holiday specials? A lot of people,” Carpenter joked as she sang “It’s the Most Wonderful Time of the Year,” adding, “But do those specials have celebrity guests? Yes, they do! Everyone with a musical comedy holiday special does them with celebrity guests, and this is one of those.”
Fans reacted with excitement on social media, pointing out their favorite moments from the special, especially in regards to Carpenter’s old-fashioned glamour. Many of her outfits seemed to pay tribute to classic performers and traditional light-hearted Christmas specials of the past—with a modern twist, of course.
On Thursday, Carpenter attended a screening of the special in New York City wearing a cozy vintage Chanel black-and-white faux fur coat over a cashmere mini dress.
She paired the look with white open-toed furry heels, leaving her golden blonde hair down in dramatic waves.
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.