A curvy influencer is championing body positivity this autumn, urging her followers to flaunt their natural shapes.
Body-positive babe Michelle Nayla, who boasts a whopping 637,000 followers on Instagram under the handle @michellejulietnaylaa, often shares style posts with her followers. But with the season turning colder, she's kicked it up a notch in her recent video.
The stunner started off flaunting her curves in a stylish brown underwear set, with the clip flashing the words: "Do you have a belly and big arms, and dressing up for autumn feels like a struggle??
Quick to reassure, she chimed in with: "Me too let's get dressed," before she slips into fab grey shorts and a sassy black strapless tie-up top. She rounds off the ensemble with thigh-high boots, sparkly bling, and a chic plum bag, all while working the camera to Sabrina Carpenter's catchy 'Good Graces'.
Along with her post, she laid down some wisdom, penning: "If you struggle with finding confidence in clothes here is my advice for you.".
She then added" "We often think that the best way to deal with body parts we struggle with is to hide them. But I've learned that 'true' confidence comes from highlighting the parts I love and not letting what usually dims my confidence take over."
Michelle reveals her own journey, confessing: "By focusing on what I appreciate about my body, I've been able to step out of my comfort zone, little by little."
The post was a hit with fans, garnering more than 9,000 likes. One enthusiastic follower commented: "Yes girl! Little by little we can love every inch of our body," while another fan raved: "Love that outfit, especially the top."
A third fan agreed: "You make every outfit look good," while a fourth fan simply called her "stunning".
Michelle's Instagram account is a mix of fashion, romance, and travel, with plenty of posts featuring her partner and their adventures together.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.