Kehlani will begin her world tour on Sept. 4 in Minneapolis.Matt Smith | For NJ Advance Medi
“Can You Blame Me” for wanting to get Kehlani tickets as soon as possible?
Kehlani will begin her highly anticipated “Crash World Tour” on Sept. 4 in Minneapolis and will wrap up on Nov. 2 in San Francisco.
While on tour, Kehlani will perform in Camden at Freedom Mortgage Pavilion on Sept. 14 and then in Brooklyn, N.Y. at Barclays Center on Sept. 20.
At the Brooklyn arena, AMEX card members can access the American Express Card Member Entrance, which allows them to skip the line and enter the arena before non-AMEX cardmembers.
If you have guests going to ticketed events with you and they don’t have an AMEX card, they also can go through the American Express Card Member Entrance. All they have to do is enter with you when you present your AMEX card at the door.
Cardholders can also get 10% off on food and drinks at concession stands and two free drinks, including alcoholic beverages, in the 40/40 Club and Modelo Bar.
Flo and Anycia will join as special guests for the “Crash World Tour.”
Here’s how you can see Kehlani perform live.
Leading up to the “Crash World Tour” general sale, there will be several presales going on.
There is a Citi cardmember presale going on now that will wrap up on July 25 at 11:59 p.m. through the Citi Entertainment program.
There will also be a Ticketmaster and artist presales that are set to begin on July 24 at 10 a.m. and wrap up on July 25 at 11:59 p.m. through Ticketmaster.
The general sale is set to begin on July 26 at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
If fans miss out on the presale and general sale, they can find tickets on secondary market websites, such as Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
If you are struggling to secure tickets at the right price point or your preferred seating section on StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can find all of Kehlani’s tour dates here.
Kehlani is not the only artist performing at the Barclays Center this year.
Here are a few more events you won’t want to miss: Childish Gambino, Sexxy Red, Twenty One Pilots and Sabrina Carpenter.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices