Beyoncé is to announce a series of UK stadium shows next summer - with ticket demand expected to rival Oasis' comeback tour.
The 43-year-old superstar - who helped boost the nation's economy by £8 billion last year with her 'Renaissance Tour' - is rumoured to be playing around five concerts at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in support of her record-breaking country album Cowboy Carter.
And fans are being warned that "demand for tickets will be fierce".
A source told The Sun newspaper's Bizarre column: "Beyoncé is about to raise the roof. The demand for tickets will be just like Oasis’ and will rival fans’ rush to get their hands on a seat.
“2025 is going to be an incredible year for live music.”
It's set to be a bumper year of live music, with the likes of Dua Lipa, Billie Eilish, Usher and Sabrina Carpenter also headed to the UK.
News of Beyoncé's stadium shows comes after a backlash to the handling of ticket sales for 'Oasis Live '25' after Ticketmaster used "dynamic pricing" to increase the cost of tickets on the sale day, while hundreds of thousands of fans were left ticketless due to system errors and lengthy queues.
The insider added: “Oasis and Beyoncé are top tier and demand for tickets will be fierce. Over seven million people tried to get Oasis tickets — and Beyoncé’s fans will be out in force too.”
They added: “The boost to the economy is going to be phenomenal. This is what the public needs right now — something to look forward to.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.