By KATE DENNETT and MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  03:52, 21 February 2024   |  Updated:  03:55, 21 February 2024   
 2
View  comments
Taylor Swift's huge restaurant tip was seemingly leaked on Wednesday amid her visit to a Sydney restaurant, but it was later revealed that all was not quite as it seemed.
The global megastar, 34, made a surprisingly low-key visit to Pellegrino 2000 in Surry Hills with Sabrina Carpenter on Tuesday amid her Australian Eras tour.
Her visit stunned locals and fans rushed to the eatery to catch a glimpse of the Cruel Summer hitmaker as Swiftie mania continues to sweep the country.
Peter Deppeler, known as 'intern Pete' on The Kyle and Jackie O Show, claimed to have inside knowledge of Taylor's visit after he headed down to the venue.
Reports were quick to circulate that Taylor had left a massive $300 tip on a $620 bill after Pete claimed he had a copy of the pop star's meal receipt, flashing a piece of paper live on Sunrise.
However on KIIS breakfast, Pete admitted it had all been a prank and he never had a copy of the order, with host Jackie 'O' Henderson revealing it was actually a Kmart receipt.
Taylor Swift's huge restaurant tip was seemingly leaked on Wednesday amid her visit to Sydney, but it was later revealed that all was not quite as it seemed
After getting her hands on the piece of paper, Jackie told listeners: 'In front of the Kmart receipt is an actual piece of paper where he has written down the lies he was going to say.'
He was also called out by Kylie Sandilands for having speculated that Taylor had enjoyed a Pad Thai, despite it being an Italian restaurant.
Pete's Sunrise interview further descended into chaos when Kyle broke the show's expensive microphone by throwing water over Pete.
The microphone stopped working after Kyle walked past and threw a bucket of water at him while he pretended to give inside information about what Taylor had eaten.
Peter Deppeler, known as 'intern Pete' on The Kyle and Jackie O Show, claimed to have the receipt from Taylor's meal showing she left a $300 tip, but later revealed it was all a prank  
'What's happened? What happened to your microphone?' confused host Natalie Barr asked.
'It sounds like you're underwater now... are you not allowed to talk about this?' Matt Shirvington questioned, before saying that they hadn't found out what was 'actually' on the receipt.
A producer from Sunrise then called the radio show and Kyle explained he decided to throw water at Pete during the live segment.
'That microphone was worth $10,000 so it's worth covering that bill,' the producer said.
'We will cover that,' Kyle responded.
Kyle later joked that Pete 'deserved' to have been taken off the television with the bucket of water because of his prank.
Speaking about the meal on Sunrise, Kyle Sandilands also broke the show's expensive microphone by throwing water over Pete while he was discussing the 'receipt'
Taylor had literally stopped traffic on Tuesday when she stepped out for dinner in Sydney at Pellegrino 2000 for her surprisingly low-key outing.
She is currently enjoying four days of rest and relaxation in the Harbour City after her Eras Tour took Melbourne by storm, selling out three days at the famed MCG.
The megastar jetted into Sydney on Monday afternoon and is staying at Crown's presidential villa in Barangaroo ahead of her three shows at the Accor Stadium this weekend.
On Tuesday morning, her private jet took to the skies on a flight bound for Honolulu, amid reports its headed there to pick up her NFL star beau Travis Kelce.
On Tuesday morning, Taylor's private jet took to the skies on a flight bound for Honolulu, amid reports its headed there to pick up her NFL star beau Travis Kelce (pictured) 
Travis dropped a huge hint that he could head Down Under on this week's episode of his New Heights podcast, claiming that he would 'venture to an island real soon' with the best ones being 'south' of the US.
He added that next week's podcast is a pre-recorded guest episode which he is not featured in, which led fans to believe he would join his girlfriend in Sydney – and maybe travel with her to Singapore for her shows in the first week of March.
Rumours are also heating up that Taylor and Travis will enjoy enjoy a romantic holiday together in Queensland during their time Down Under.
Taylor is set to perform four shows in Sydney from Friday, February 23 to Monday February 26.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group