Taylor Swift is a household name who has been drawing people in with her multi-genre music, relatable lyrics and staggering shows since 2006. 
Swift performed over 100 shows throughout her acclaimed Era’s Tour, with a setlist spanning 17 years and 10 albums worth of music. Filmed during her tour at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles, her 2023 movie, “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour,” showcased the spectacle that drew thousands of fans to every show. 
But many of Taylor’s fans, known as “Swifties,” listen to music other than hers and have much to say about the music they commonly indulge in. 
Environmental management and protection senior Logan Vigil was at the Era’s Tour while the film was recorded at SoFi Stadium.
“I have really been on an EDM kick lately,” Vigil said. “I’ve been listening to a lot of Fred Again, Skrillex, Flume and Alison Wonderland. It’s very hyped, and it makes you want to move.”
Along with EDM, Vigil has found himself connecting with artists who include deeply emotional lyricism in their music. Vigil also likes Halsey, Billie Eilish and Kendrick Lamar.
“They have amazing beats and amazing songwriting. I can feel exactly what emotions or whatever it is they’re trying to convey,” Vigil said.
Another new and upcoming artist with intense lyrical storytelling is Hannah Jadagu, especially with her recent album “Aperture.”
Environmental management and protection senior Abigail Christensen is another Swiftie who really connects to songs’ lyrics. 
“I really enjoy listening to Noah Kahan,” Christensen said. “I feel like he just has very real, very relatable lyrics for things a lot of people who are in their 20-somethings in college go through.”
Another artist with a dream-like folky sound and evocative lyrics is Mitski, particularly in her album “The Land is Inhospitable and So Are We.”
“It’s very real, very authentic,” Christensen said. “So much so that I just want to scream the lyrics.”
Psychology junior Carmen Dechaine is graduating this spring. Taylor Swift has been a prominent musical figure in their life since the second grade.
“When I was a second grader, I actually did my talent show as a performative dance to her song [‘We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together’],” Dechaine said. 
Taylor Swift’s fan base is vast, but Dechaine appreciates how Swifties create a kind and safe environment in their fanbase.
“The best way I’ve seen it described is it’s like Barbie world, which I find so wonderful,” Dechaine said. “It’s the only time I’ve been in public as a person who was assigned female at birth, and then able to look around and not feel like I’m constantly protecting my drink. I feel like I’m not constantly wondering what’s going on around me.”
In a culture where femininity has been shamed and oppressed, Taylor Swift is helping to bring back the power of harnessing one’s feminine energy, Dechaine said. 
“I feel like Taylor Swift is bringing that femininity and saying it’s okay to be feminine and it’s okay to enjoy things,” Dechaine said.
Other artists Dechaine listens to, who they think represent this reclaiming of feminine energy, are Sabrina Carpenter and Olivia Rodrigo. 
“Sabrina is definitely bringing that back in the ways that she looks the way that she acts,” Dechaine said. “Even if her ‘now’ music and ‘now’ performances came out like five years ago, 10 years ago, I don’t know if it would have as much popularity just because of the stigma of ‘oh my god, no, she’s too girly.’”
Mechanical engineering freshman Triana Fernando considers her Taylor Swift awakening to be during the artist’s “Reputation Era,” when she was invited to go to her stadium tour with a friend. 
Fernando appreciates the diversity in the lyrics and storytelling of Taylor Swift’s music.
“I feel like people that aren’t swifties are like, ‘All her music sounds the same,’ but every song has a different thing,” Fernando said.
Besides Taylor Swift, Fernando enjoys listening to Arctic Monkeys, Clairo and Chappell Roan.
English freshman Max Schrayer appreciates the simplicity of Taylor Swift’s music.
“It’s just really catchy,” Schrayer said. “It’s very easy to listen to and has themes that are simple to follow.”
Taylor Swift is one of the only pop artists Schrayer listens to, but he also enjoys alternative rock and jazz. He notes John Coltrane, Pavement and Bob Dylan as some of his favorites.
“Expect the unexpected:” Wand talks tour life, new music and time as an instrument
Fashion fusion: How Cal Poly students blend culture, identity and fashion
Literary works to check out based on your favorite artists
Tell us about it HERE.
Copyright 2024 Mustang Media Group. All rights reserved.