Our sustainable queen!
Olivia Rodrigo is a Gen Z style star, and for veeeeeery good reason. 
The 21-year-old musician has developed a unique aesthetic that draws on aspects of grunge and the interpretation of 1990s fashion championed by brands like Marc Jacobs' Heaven. From see-through slip dresses to corset dresses, Converse high tops to fishnet tights, she's every inch a retro queen. 
Another part of her throwback aesthetic? A predilection for vintage, which was just showcased on her latest red carpet appearance for the premiere of the Guts World Tour concert film.
Styled by Chloe and Chenelle Delgadillo, she rocked a floor-scraping black lace knit gown with an intricate rose pattern and spaghetti straps and a scoop neck with scalloped edges. The dress was from Dior’s fall/winter 1998 collection, which was designed by John Galliano. 
The sheer dress seemed to be making a nod to the naked dress trend, but was layered over a purple underlay, making it less revealing than other naked dresses we've seen. 
And Olivia wasn't the only icon on the red carpet that night! Chappell Roan (a former tour opener for Olivia) was also in attendance, rocking a burgundy, see-through dress that was giving all kinds of 'Red Wine Supernova'.
Featuring rose embellishments and styled with see-through matching opera gloves and black calf-height boots, the outfit was a seriously chic compliment to Olivia's slinky black fit. 
We can't lie we're seeeeeriously obsessed with these outfits!
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.