Missing your favourite artist in concert is difficult enough but missing a surprise celebrity guest might have disappointed Olivia Rodrigo fans even more.
The Grammy-winner has been touring her second album, GUTS, since February and has occasionally delighted fans with surprise performers. But having a ticket to the tour didn't guarantee seeing a special guest, and many fans who attended the gigs still experienced FOMO.
Luckily, she is set to bring a slice of the tour to Netflix on October 29, giving fans a backstage glimpse and a front-row seat to her Intuit Dome gig in Los Angeles.
Speaking to Tudum about the film, she expressed:" I am so excited to share the GUTS World Tour with my fans.” She continued: “For those of you who didn’t get a chance to rock out in person, now you can have the best seats in the house! And to the fans who cheered, screamed, and danced with me, I am so glad we get to do it all over again!”.
But who joined the hitmaker on stage during her sold-out run, and who will appear in her concert film? Read on for the full list.
Noah Kahan and Rodrigo had publicly supported each other before the surprise duet.
Kahan rose to mainstream fame after his song Stick Season went viral on TikTok. As the song was gaining traction, Rodrigo recorded a cover of it for BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge. The video gained over 11 million views and the comments were filled with praise. Then Kahan recorded his Live Lounge session and covered Rodrigo's song Lacy in November 2023.
When the duo united for a full-circle moment to perform Kahan's viral hit in Madison Square Garden, fans couldn't contain their excitement. Many took to TikTok to share videos of themselves cheering and screaming during the performance.
During the England leg of the tour, which included stops in the capital and Birmingham, Rodrigo treated London fans to a local pop icon who she called "the most clever songwriter and the coolest girl in London."
The duo performed together at Glastonbury in 2022, which Rodrigo recalled, saying: “I think the best day of my whole career was when I got to sing with her at Glastonbury. I absolutely adore her. Will you please give it up for Miss Lily Allen?"
Allen joined Rodrigo on stage at the O2 Arena for a rendition of her debut single, Smile.
During her Nashville show in March, Rodrigo thrilled fans with the first guest of the GUTS tour, Sheryl Crow.
Crow came out with an electric guitar and sang a duet of her nineties hit, If it Makes You Happy, with Rodrigo.
The pair have performed together on multiple occasions, including at the 2023 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony.
Sticking to the trend of surprising fans with native artists, Rodrigo brought out Kentucky country star Tyler Childers during her Kentucky show.
Childers is a country singer-songwriter who debuted in 2011 and has released seven studio albums. They sang his hit song All Your'n.
Arguably the fan-favourite guest from the GUTS tour, the Netflix special will feature none other than pop superstar Chappell Roan.
She joined Rodrigo on stage at the Intuit Dome on August 20 to perform Roan's viral song Hot To Go. They even taught the audience the song's popular dance, which has inspired over 200,000 videos on TikTok.
Reacting to the performance, one user posted a clip of the concert with the caption: "Witnessed history tonight."
Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour premieres on Netflix on October 29
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.