By 

	Jack Dunn


Olivia Rodrigo joined No Doubt on the Coachella Main Stage for a surprise performance of the band’s “Bathwater” on the second night of the annual Los Angeles music festival. This marks both Rodrigo’s and No Doubt‘s first time performing at the festival.

	For the eighth song of their set, the SoCal ska-pop band welcomed Rodrigo to the stage as a special guest. Stefani and Rodrigo traded verses on the 2000 single, with Rodrigo sporting a tanktop that read “I <3 ND.” The crowd ate it up, and the pair hugged at the end of the rendition before exiting the stage together.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					Disney Hack: Man Pleads Guilty to Stealing 1.1 Terabytes of Data Over Slack		
			







Olivia Rodrigo y Gwen Stefani actuando en #Coachella. pic.twitter.com/9EiJnqFr3M

	In a recent sit-down with American Songwriter, Rodrigo cited No Doubt as a key source of inspiration, and praised frontwoman Gwen Stefani as a “true artist.” 




			Popular on Variety		






	“Gwen’s ability to evolve and explore different styles of music, songwriting and aesthetic while still remaining true to herself is incredibly inspiring,” Rodrigo said. “To me, she’s a prime example of an artist who defies stereotypes and preconceived boundaries and just makes stuff that she thinks is cool. If that’s not a true artist, I don’t know what is.”

	Rodrigo explained in a cover profile by Nylon that she discovered No Doubt’s 2000 record “Return of Saturn” at 15 years old. The dichotomy in Stefani’s music between wanting her independence and the desire to start a family has always stuck with Rodrigo after all these years. 

	“Gwen sang about being a woman moving about this world in detail that I had never before heard put to music,” said Rodrigo. “She unapologetically sings about things ranging from wanting to make out with someone to fantasizing about having a husband and kids. There’s so much heart in every word she says, and every song feels like it’s ripped from the diary of the coolest girl you know.”

	Rodrigo, who is currently on her “Guts World Tour,” wore an “I’m Just a Girl” shirt during her first show on the trek, a reference to No Doubt’s 1995 hit song. She even performed a cover of “I’m Just a Girl” during her “Sour Tour” in 2022.  
A post shared by Variety (@variety)
The Business of Entertainment