Pals Angel McCrane and Molly Morrisey were queuing up outside when Co-op Live cancelled its opening for the third time, as A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's show was pulled at the last minute. But tonight the 18-year-olds were back in Manchester for the rapper's rescheduled gig at the AO Arena - and were just relieved it was actually going ahead.
Angel said: "We were so gutted we thought it was going to be fully cancelled because he’s an American rapper so he doesn’t come here often. At least it’s been rearranged.
"We’ve been obsessed with him since we were about 12 so this is a big thing for us. If it had been cancelled that would have broken my heart."
READ MORE: The day Tommy Robinson headed to Oldham - and the utter madness that erupted
Thousands of fan were expected to attend Wednesday night's show after Co-op Live bosses promised the concert would go ahead as planned. But with queues forming outside at 6.40pm, the venue took to X to tell fans the gig was cancelled due to a 'technical issue', later revealed to be a piece of an air conditioning unit which had fallen from the ceiling.
It was the latest setback in the opening of £365m Eastlands arena, which had already had to postpone two Peter Kay shows, and then forced to reschedule two Olivia Rodrigo shows which were due to take place last night and tonight.
Fellow Boogie Wit Da Hoodie fan Georgia said she was one of those turned away at the door when the original gig was cancelled just ten minutes before the opening act was due on stage. Recounting the night, she said: "We were in the queue standing there for ages and then saw on Facebook it had been cancelled. We saw everyone’s face drop and everyone started leaving.
"It was chaos. Nobody knew what to do or how they would get home. People were stranded. Everyone ran to Maccies.
"We live 30 minutes away so it wasn’t that bad but the people behind us in the queue had travelled three hours."
Georgia said she was also meant to be going to the cancelled Olivia Rodrigo gig and has now managed to get tickets for her show in Birmingham next Saturday.
Fellow gig goer Cora O’Brian, 18, was also supposed to be going to Olivia Rodrigo’s show. She said: "We were meant to go to Olivia Rodrigo and that got cancelled. We have so many things planned for the summer and it’s like are we going to actually go to anything."
Siblings Rokih Simms, 21, and his sister Christiana, 29, were also near the front of the queue when Wednesday’s gig was cancelled. Rokih said: "They told us about 15 minutes before opening. Then there were a few days of uncertainty."
Christiana is now worried about whether future gigs at the Co-op will go ahead. She said: "I've got a ticket for Megan Stallion at the Co-op and it's made me think, is it going to go ahead and if it does go ahead is it going to be safe? I'm thinking, should I just sell my ticket?"
Oscar Amini,18, said he was also at the front of the queue and had been for ‘a few hours’ when the news broke that the show was cancelled. On the gig having to move venues he said: “It’s a bit frustrating but at least it’s going ahead."
Kayleigh, 21, was on her way from Glasgow to the gig and was just 20 minutes from the venue when she heard it was cancelled. She said: "I paid £60 to fill up my car to drive down. I was gutted but it is what it is. It's good that they’ve done a quick turn around to get it to here."
Charlotte Morgan, 18, said she has had to pay 'double on transport' to get to the AO Arena tonight for the rescheduled gig.
On the first cancelled gig she said: "We literally had just got there and got a call from our friend who had seen the Twitter post. We hadn’t even had an email."
Joy James was at the AO dropping off her 16-year-old daughter along with another mum. She said she was about to drop her daughter off outside the venue on Wednesday when they discovered it was cancelled having travelled from Wales. Joy said her daughter was left 'devastated'.
Joy added: "If I had dropped her off any time sooner we would have driven off and then had to go back to try her with all these all these thousands of kids that were hanging round."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.