By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:04, 12 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:05, 12 September 2024   
 20
View  comments
Katy Perry and Sabrina Carpenter were among the star-studded acts who gave thrilling performances at MTV's legendary Video Music Awards on Wednesday. 
Perry, 39, soared to new heights in a harness, gliding in the air above the audience at New York's UBS Arena as she performed a medley of her hits, before receiving the Video Vanguard Award. 
The pop star pleased the audience by performing her hit songs Dark Horse, E.T., Teenage Dream, I Kissed a Girl, Firework and Lifetimes.
The singer — who left fans outraged while simulating a lesbian sex act at one part during the show — started out the exhilarating set by entering the arena while flying in the air, amid a laser show.
She later came down to the stage and showed off her choreography during a nearly 10-minute performance, wearing a nude bustier as her fiancé Orlando Bloom watched from the audience.
Katy Perry, 39, and Sabrina Carpenter, 25, were among the star-studded acts who gave thrilling performances at MTV's legendary Video Music Awards on Wednesday
Sabrina paid homage to Britney Spears during her set
Katy also scandalized her viewers and fans as she debuted her new Doechii collaborative single I'm His, He's Mine, which will be released on Friday.
Fans posted numerous angry comments on a clip of the performance posted to MTV's Instagram account that included Katy and the rapper simulating a lesbian sex act.
The clip even included some unexpected camera angles that honed in on both women's nether regions, adding to the discomfort from some particularly sensitive viewers.
Later on Perry accepted the Video Vanguard Award, and revealed some behind-the-scenes challenges she faced.
'I did that all on the first day of my period, and couldn't believe it,' she told the audience.
'There are so many things that have to align to have a long and successful career as an artist,' she said.
'There are no decade-long accidents. My team, who have been with me for over 20 years, direct management and my label, Capitol Records, trust me. It takes a village of strong people, a lot of healthy discourse and a lot of group chats.'
She also addressed Orlando for keeping her 'grounded' and 'doing the dishes,' in reference to her recent X-rated interview on Call Her Daddy. She went on to pay tribute to their daughter, Daisy Dove, three.
Meanwhile Sabrina, 25, left fans stunned during her passionate performance as she kissed an alien, while also paying homage to Britney Spears. 
The hitmaker — who performed her three hits, Please Please Please, Taste, and Espresso — locked lips with a figure dressed in a blue alien suit while onstage.
Perry soared to new heights in a harness, gliding in the air above the audience at New York's UBS Arena as she performed a medley of her hits, before receiving the Video Vanguard Award
The pop star pleased the audience by performing her hit songs Dark Horse, E.T., Teenage Dream, I Kissed a Girl, Firework and Lifetimes
The singer started out the exhilarating set by entering the arena while flying in the air, amid a laser show
Katy looked like Superwoman flying in the air
She later came down to the stage and showed off her choreography during a nearly 10-minute performance, wearing a nude bustier as her fiancé Orlando Bloom watched from the audience
Katy also scandalized her viewers and fans as she debuted her new Doechii collaborative single I'm His, He's Mine, which will be released on Friday 
Fans posted numerous angry comments on a clip of the performance posted to MTV's Instagram account that included Katy and the rapper simulating a lesbian sex act 
One of her props were giant butterfly wings 
Meanwhile Sabrina left fans stunned during her passionate performance as she kissed an alien, while also paying homage to Britney Spears
The bizarre performance also featured backup dancers dressed up as astronauts, creating an otherworldly atmosphere as Carpenter performed sultry dance moves between them
The hitmaker performed her three hits, Please Please Please, Taste, and Espresso
During her performance Sabrina played the spoken interlude from Britney's classic hit 'Oops!…I Did It Again' 
Britney's 2000 video also featured an astronaut
Video Of The Year: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Artist Of The Year: Taylor Swift 
Best Pop: Taylor Swift 
Best Collaboration: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Best Direction:  Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Best Editing: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Song Of Summer: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight 
Taylor Swift earned seven MTV VMAs to become most decorated solo artist ever
 Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award: Katy Perry
Song Of The Year: Sabrina Carpenter - Espresso
Best New Artist: Chappell Roan
Best Latin: Anitta - Mil Veces
Best Afrobeats: Tyla - Water
Best K-Pop: Lisa - Rockstar 
Video For Good: Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For 
 VMAs Most Iconic Performance: Katy Perry - Roar
The bizarre performance also featured backup dancers dressed up as astronauts, creating an otherworldly atmosphere as Carpenter performed sultry dance moves between them.
During her performance Sabrina played the spoken interlude from Britney's classic hit 'Oops!…I Did It Again.' 
Britney's 2000 video also featured an astronaut. 
The singer, who's currently dating Irish actor Barry Keoghan, 31, sizzled in a sparkling bodysuit with tassels, with her platinum blonde strands cascading down in loose curls. The star completed the look with glittering platform heels.
Sabrina went on to win 'Song of the Year' at the awards show, for her smash hit Espresso.
The beauty started out her performance by descending to the stage on a swing as she sang Please Please Please, from her most recent album Short n' Sweet.
She then transitioned into her song Taste — which she debuted live for the first time — as the alien and astronaut danced together provocatively.
Carpenter, however, interrupted the dance by pushing the astronaut away and passionately kissing the alien.
Chappell Roan, 26, gave a fiery performance of her smash hit Good Luck, Babe!
The star looked like Joan of Arc in silver armor suit while singing the tune
Behind her was a medieval castle, and she lit it on fire with a crossbow
She was later joined by knight male dancers
The red-haired beauty had her tresses braided for the show 
Camila Cabello, 27, returned to the VMAs stage for the third time
She sizzled in a tattered white dress that showed off her black lace bra and panties while performing Godspeed
Camila's ex Shawn Mendes, 26, sang Nobody Knows from his forthcoming album, Shawn
He's no stranger to performing at the VMAs, having previously rocked the stage in 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2021
Eminem, 51, got the show going with a performance of Houdini and Somebody Save Me
The hip hop mogul rocked a shaggy wig in a nod to his former signature blonde hair
He was joined by a number of blonde lookalikes
Lenny Kravitz, 60, took the stage at Wednesday's event alongside Quavo and guitarist Craig Ross, performing a set that included a remix of Fly Away, Human and Are You Gonna Go My Way
He looked every inch the cool rocker
Quavo matched Lenny's unique style in a white top and black leather pants 
Her last hit of the night was Espresso.
Chappell Roan, 26, gave a fiery performance of her smash hit Good Luck, Babe!
The star — who snapped at one of the red carpet photographers — looked like Joan of Arc in silver armor suit while singing the tune.
Behind her was a medieval castle, and she lit it on fire with a crossbow.
She was later joined by knight male dancers.
Camila Cabello, 27, returned to the VMAs stage for the third time. 
She sizzled in a tattered white dress that showed off her black lace bra and panties while performing Godspeed.
Camila's ex Shawn Mendes, 26, sang Nobody Knows from his forthcoming album, Shawn.
He's no stranger to performing at the VMAs, having previously rocked the stage in 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2021.
Brazilian superstar Anitta, 31, sent temperatures soaring with a performance of Savage Funk, Alegria, and Paradise. 
The singer showed off her toned abs in a mesh bodysuit. At one point she was joined by Tiago PZK. 
Megan Thee Stallion, 29, hosted the show and was also part of the formidable list of performers
Megan flaunted her physique in a flesh-flashing yellow outfit comprised of straps winding around her body, leaving little to the imagination
'Everybody in here tonight need to be on they feet,' she said as she strolled onto the stage. 'I go by Megan Thee Stallion, aka the Hot Girl Coach' 
GloRilla, 25, gave a heart-pumping performance of her hits Yeah Glo! and TGIF
She started out the show in a sparkling striped suit and tie, before tearing it off to reveal a matching bra and underwear set
The star, who won Best New Artist at the 2023 VMAs, showed off her famous choreography, doing a number of sizzling moves in the skimpy outfit
Halsey, 29, opted for a punk rock look, sporting a fiery red pixie cut, with a white shirt vest and oversized jean shorts
The singer performed her song Ego from her upcoming album The Great Impersonator
Karol G, 33, wowed in a skimpy top and bell bottoms as she performed Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido
The Colombian singer resembled Shakira as she swayed her hips and rocked long blonde tresses
Brazilian superstar Anitta, 31, sent temperatures soaring with a performance of Savage Funk, Alegria, and Paradise
At one point she was joined by Tiago PZK
GloRilla, 25, gave a heart-pumping performance of her hits Yeah Glo! and TGIF.
She started out the show in a sparkling striped suit and tie, before tearing it off to reveal a matching bra and underwear set.
The star, who won Best New Artist at the 2023 VMAs, showed off her famous choreography, doing a number of sizzling moves in the skimpy outfit.
Benson Boone, 22, made his VMAs debut months after releasing his first studio album, Fireworks & Rollerblades.
Boone started out his performance on the piano, before getting up to reveal his sparkly navy jumpsuit.
Eminem, 51, got the show going with a performance of Houdini and Somebody Save Me.
The hip hop mogul rocked a shaggy wig in a nod to his former signature blonde hair. He was joined by a number of blonde lookalikes.
Blackpink singer Lisa, 27, made her solo debut at the VMAs
The star sizzled in red while singing her recent single New Woman
Benson Boone, 22, made his VMAs debut months after releasing his first studio album, Fireworks & Rollerblades
Boone started out his performance on the piano, before getting up to reveal his sparkly navy jumpsuit
Halsey, 29, opted for a punk rock look, sporting a fiery red pixie cut, with a white shirt vest and oversized jean shorts.
The singer performed her song Ego from her upcoming album The Great Impersonator.
Karol G, 33, wowed in a skimpy top and bell bottoms as she performed Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido.
The Colombian singer resembled Shakira as she swayed her hips and rocked long blonde tresses.
Lenny Kravitz, 60, took the stage at Wednesday's event alongside Quavo and guitarist Craig Ross, performing a set that included a remix of Fly Away, Human and Are You Gonna Go My Way.
He also remembered his late mother Roxie Roker as he collected the honors for Best Rock Video for his track Human.
'Wow, this is incredible, I am so grateful,' said the Manhattan native in an interview on MTV. 'Thirty-one years ago, my mother was with me at an award show, was at the VMAs, so I dedicate this to her.
'I thank God for this journey, this incredible journey. I thank Jesus for life.'
Roker died of cancer at 66 in December of 1995.
LL Cool J, 56, celebrated a number of his own hits during a dynamic performance
Megan Thee Stallion, 29, hosted the show and was also part of the formidable list of performers.
She sauntered onto the stage to perform a sizzling medley of her hits in perhaps her most eye-catching outfit of the night.
Megan flaunted her physique in a flesh-flashing yellow outfit comprised of straps winding around her body, leaving little to the imagination.
The sleek little bob she had sported earlier in the evening was gone, replaced by a voluptuous Afro, and she danced confidently in a set of go-go boots.
'Everybody in here tonight need to be on they feet,' she said as she strolled onto the stage. 'I go by Megan Thee Stallion, aka the Hot Girl Coach.'
She began the medley with her new single BOA, then integrated pieces of her songs Hiss, Mamushi and B.A.S. into the performance.
Her Mamushi duet partner, Japanese rapper Yuki Chiba, made his VMAs debut onstage with Megan that night, performing in his native language.
LL Cool J, 56, celebrated a number of his own hits during a dynamic performance. 
VIDEO OF THE YEAR
Ariana Grande – “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” – Republic Records
Billie Eilish – “Lunch” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
Doja Cat – “Paint The Town Red” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records
SZA – “Snooze” – Top Dawg Entertainment / RCA Records
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records - WINNER
Taylor Swift earned seven MTV VMAs to become most decorated solo artist ever
The Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award
Katy Perry - WINNER 
ARTIST OF THE YEAR
Ariana Grande – Republic Records
Bad Bunny – Rimas Entertainment
Eminem – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records
Sabrina Carpenter – Island
SZA – Top Dawg Entertainment / RCA Records
Taylor Swift – Republic Records - WINNER
SONG OF THE YEAR
Beyoncé – “Texas Hold ‘Em” – Parkwood Entertainment / Columbia Records
Jack Harlow – “Lovin On Me” – Generation Now / Atlantic Records
Kendrick Lamar – “Not Like Us” – pgLang, under exclusive license to Interscope Records
Sabrina Carpenter – “Espresso” – Island - WINNER
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records
Teddy Swims – “Lose Control” – Warner Records
Taylor was bested by Sabrina Carpenter in the Song Of The Year category
BEST NEW ARTIST
Benson Boone – Night Street Records, Inc. / Warner Records
Chappell Roan – Island - WINNER
Gracie Abrams – Interscope Records
Shaboozey – American Dogwood / EMPIRE
Teddy Swims – Warner Records
Tyla – Epic Records
MTV PUSH PERFORMANCE OF THE YEAR
August 2023: Kaliii – “Area Codes” – Atlantic Records
September 2023: GloRilla – “Lick or Sum” – CMG / Interscope Records
October 2023: Benson Boone – “In the Stars” – Night Street Records, Inc. / Warner Records
November 2023: Coco Jones – “ICU” – Def Jam
December 2023: Victoria Monét – “On My Mama” – Lovett Music / RCA Records
January 2024: Jessie Murph – “Wild Ones” – Columbia Records
February 2024: Teddy Swims – “Lose Control” – Warner Records
March 2024: Chappell Roan – “Red Wine Supernova” – Island
April 2024: Flyana Boss – “Yeaaa” – Vnclm_/ Atlantic Records
May 2024: Laufey – “Goddess” – Laufey / AWAL
June 2024: Le Sserafim – “Easy” – Source Music / Geffen Records - WINNER
July 2024: The Warning – “Automatic Sun” – Lava / Republic Records
BEST COLLABORATION
Drake ft. Sexyy Red & SZA – “Rich Baby Daddy “ – OVO / Republic Records
GloRilla, Megan Thee Stallion – “Wanna Be” – CMG / Interscope Records
Jessie Murph ft. Jelly Roll – “Wild Ones” – Columbia Records
Jung Kook ft. Latto – “Seven” – Bighit Music / Geffen Records
Post Malone ft. Morgan Wallen – “I Had Some Help” – Mercury / Republic / Big Loud
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records - WINNER
BEST POP
Camila Cabello – Geffen / Interscope Records
Dua Lipa – Warner Records
Olivia Rodrigo – Geffen Records
Sabrina Carpenter – Island
Tate McRae – RCA Records
Taylor Swift – Republic Records - WINNER
BEST HIP-HOP
Drake ft. Sexyy Red & SZA – “Rich Baby Daddy “ – OVO / Republic Records
Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records - WINNER
GloRilla – “Yeah Glo!” – CMG / Interscope Records
Gunna – “Fukumean” – Young Stoner Life Records / 300 Entertainment
Megan Thee Stallion – “BOA” – Hot Girl Productions
Travis Scott ft. Playboi Carti – “FE!N” – Cactus Jack / Epic Records
Eminem earned the Best Hip-Hop Honor for his Houdini music video
BEST R&B
Alicia Keys – “Lifeline” – AK Records / Gamma
Muni Long – “Made For Me” – Def Jam
SZA – “Snooze” – Top Dawg Entertainment / RCA Records - WINNER
Tyla – “Water” – Fax Records / Epic Records
Usher, Summer Walker, 21 Savage – “Good Good” – Mega / Gamma
Victoria Monét – “On My Mama” – Lovett Music / RCA Records
BEST ALTERNATIVE
Benson Boone – “Beautiful Things” – Night Street Records, Inc. / Warner Records - WINNER
Bleachers – “Tiny Moves” – Dirty Hit
Hozier – “Too Sweet” – Columbia Records
Imagine Dragons – “Eyes Closed” – KIDinaKorner / Interscope Records
Linkin Park – “Friendly Fire” – This Compilation / Warner Records
Teddy Swims – “Lose Control (Live)” – Warner Records
BEST ROCK
Bon Jovi – “Legendary” – Island
Coldplay – “Feelslikeimfallinginlove” – Atlantic Records
Green Day – “Dilemma” – Reprise Records / Warner Records
Kings of Leon – “Mustang” – Capitol Records
Lenny Kravitz – “Human” – Roxie Records Inc. / BMG Rights Management - WINNER
U2 – “Atomic City” – Interscope Records
BEST LATIN
Anitta – “Mil Veces” – Floresta Records / Republic Records / Universal Music Latin Entertainment - WINNER
Bad Bunny – “Monaco” – Rimas Entertainment
Karol G – “Mi Ex Tenia Razon” – Bichota / Interscope Records
Myke Towers – “Lala” – Warner Music Latina
Peso Pluma & Anitta – “Bellakeo” – Double P Records
Rauw Alejandro – “Touching the Sky” – Sony Music Latin / Duars Entertainment
Shakira & Cardi B – “Puntería” – Sony Music US Latin
BEST AFROBEATS
Ayra Starr ft. Giveon – “Last Heartbreak Song” – Mavin / Republic
Burna Boy – “City Boys” – Spaceship / Bad Habit / Atlantic Records
Chris Brown ft. Davido & Lojay – “Sensational” – Chris Brown Entertainment / RCA Records
Tems – “Love Me JeJe” – Since ’93 / RCA Records
Tyla – “Water” – Fax Records / Epic Records - WINNER
Usher, Pheelz – “Ruin” – mega / gamma.
Tyla earned Best Afrobeats for her Water music video
 BEST K-POP
Jung Kook ft. Latto – “Seven” – Bighit Music / Geffen Records
Lisa – “Rockstar” – Lloud Co. / RCA Records - WINNER
NCT Dream – “Smoothie” – SM Entertainment / Virgin Music Group
NewJeans – “Super Shy” – ADOR / Geffen Records
Stray Kids – “Lalalala” – JYP Entertainment / Imperial / Republic Records
Tomorrow X Together – “Deja vu” – Bighit Music / Imperial / Republic Records
 VIDEO FOR GOOD
Alexander Stewart – “If Only You Knew” – FAE Grp
Billie Eilish – “What Was I Made For (From the Motion Picture “Barbie”)” – Darkroom / Interscope Records - WINNER
Coldplay – “Feelslikeimfallinginlove” – Atlantic Records
Joyner Lucas & Jelly Roll – “Best for Me” – Twenty Nine Music Group
RAYE – “Genesis” – Human Re Sources
Tyler Childers – “In Your Love” – Hickman Holler Records / RCA Records
BEST DIRECTION
Ariana Grande – “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” – Republic Records – Directed by Christian Breslauer
Bleachers – “Tiny Moves” – Dirty Hit – Directed by Alex Lockett & Margaret Qualley
Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records – Directed by Rich Lee
Megan Thee Stallion – “BOA” – Hot Girl Productions – Directed by Daniel Iglesias Jr.
Sabrina Carpenter – “Please Please Please” – Island – Directed by Bardia Zeinali
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records – Directed by Taylor Swift - WINNER
Taylor Swift and Post Malone's Fortnight took home both Best Direction and Editing
BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY
Ariana Grande – “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” – Republic Records – Cinematography by Anatol Trofimov - WINNER
Charli XCX – “Von Dutch” – Atlantic Records – Cinematography by Jeff Bierman
Dua Lipa – “Illusion” – Warner Records – Cinematography by Nikita Kuzmenko
Olivia Rodrigo – “Obsessed” – Geffen Records – Cinematography by Marz Miller
Rauw Alejandro – “Touching the Sky” – Sony Music Latin / Duars Entertainment – Cinematography by Camilo Monsalve
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records – Cinematography by Rodrigo Prieto
BEST EDITING
Anitta – “Mil Veces” – Floresta Records / Republic Records / Universal Music Latin Entertainment – Editing by Nick Yumul
Ariana Grande – “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” – Republic Records – Editing by Luis Caraza Peimbert
Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records – Editing by David Checel
Lisa – “Rockstar” – Lloud Co. / RCA Records – Editing by Nik Kohler
Sabrina Carpenter – “Espresso” – Island – Editing by Jai Shukla
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records – Editing by Chancler Haynes - WINNER
BEST CHOREOGRAPHY
Bleachers – “Tiny Moves” – Dirty Hit – Choreography by Margaret Qualley
Dua Lipa – “Houdini” – Warner Records – Choreography by Charm La’Donna - WINNER
Lisa – “Rockstar” – Lloud Co. / RCA Records – Choreography by Sean Bankhead
Rauw Alejandro – “Touching the Sky” – Sony Music Latin / Duars Entertainment – Choreography by Felix ‘Fefe’ Burgos
Tate McRae – “Greedy” – RCA Records – Choreography by Sean Bankhead
Troye Sivan – “Rush” – Capitol Records – Choreography by Sergio Reis, Mauro Van De Kerkhof
Dua Lipa took home Best Choreography for Houdini
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
Ariana Grande – “The Boy is Mine” – Republic Records – Visual Effects by Digital Axis
Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records – Visual Effects by Synapse Virtual - WINNER
Production, Louise Lee, Rich Lee, Metaphysic, Flawless Post
Justin Timberlake – “Selfish” – RCA Records – “Selfish” – RCA Records – Visual Effects by Candice Dragonas
Megan Thee Stallion – “BOA” – Hot Girl Productions – Visual Effects by Mathematic
Olivia Rodrigo – “Get Him Back!” – Geffen Records – Visual Effects by Cooper Vacheron, Preston
Mohr, Karen Arakelian, Justin Johnson
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records – Visual Effects by Parliament
BEST ART DIRECTION
Charli XCX – “360” – Atlantic Records – Art Direction by Grace Surnow
Lisa – “Rockstar” – Lloyd Co. / RCA Records – Art Direction by Pongsan Thawatwichian
Megan Thee Stallion – “BOA” – Hot Girl Productions – Art Direction by Brittany Porter - WINNER
Olivia Rodrigo – “Bad Idea Right?” – Geffen Records – Art Direction by Nicholas des Jardins
Sabrina Carpenter – “Please Please Please” – Island – Art Direction by Nicholas des Jardins
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records – Art Direction by Ethan Tobman
BEST TRENDING VIDEO
Beyoncé – “TEXAS HOLD ‘EM” – Parkwood Entertainment / Columbia Records 
Camila Cabello ft. Playboi Carti – “I LUV IT” – Geffen / Interscope Records
Chappell Roan – “HOT TO GO!” – Amusement Records / Island Records, a division of UMG Recordings, Inc.
Charli xcx – “Apple” – Atlantic Records
Megan Thee Stallion ft. Yuki Chiba – “Mamushi” – Hot Girl Productions - WINNER
Tinashe – “Nasty” – Nice Life Recording Company 
Host Megan Thee Stallion earned Best Trending Video for Mamushi
BEST GROUP
NSYNC – RCA Records
Coldplay – Atlantic Records
Imagine Dragons – KIDinaKorner / Interscope Records
NCT Dream – SM Entertainment / Virgin Music Group
NewJeans – ADOR / Geffen Records
SEVENTEEN – PLEDIS Entertainment / Geffen Records - WINNER
TOMORROW X TOGETHER – BIGHIT MUSIC / IMPERIAL / Republic Records
Twenty One Pilots – Fueled By Ramen
SONG OF THE SUMMER 
Ariana Grande – “we can’t be friends (wait for your love)” – Republic Records
Benson Boone – “Beautiful Things” – Night Street Records, Inc. / Warner Records
Billie Eilish – “BIRDS OF A FEATHER” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
Chappell Roan – “Good Luck, Babe!” – Amusement Records / Island Records, a division of UMG Recordings, Inc.
Charli XCX & Billie Eilish – “Guess featuring Billie Eilish” – Atlantic Records
Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records
Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar – “Like That” – Wilburn Holding Co. / Boominati / Epic / Republic
GloRilla, Megan Thee Stallion – “Wanna Be” – CMG / Interscope Records
Hozier – “Too Sweet” – Columbia Records
Kendrick Lamar – “Not Like Us” – pgLang, under exclusive license to Interscope Records
Post Malone ft. Morgan Wallen – “I Had Some Help” – Mercury / Republic / Big Loud
Sabrina Carpenter – “Please Please Please” – Island
Shaboozey – “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” – American Dogwood / EMPIRE
SZA – “Saturn” – Top Dawg Entertainment / RCA Records
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records - WINNER
Tommy Richman – “MILLION DOLLAR BABY” – ISO Supremacy / PULSE Records / Concord 
VMAS MOST ICONIC PERFORMANCE
Beyoncé – “Love on Top”
Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Madonna, Missy Elliot – “Like a Virgin” & “Hollywood”
Eminem – “Real Slim Shady” & “The Way I Am”
Katy Perry – “Roar” - WINNER
Lady Gaga – “Paparazzi”
Madonna – “Like a Virgin”
Taylor Swift – “You Belong With Me”
Katy Perry earned VMAs Most Iconic Performance for Roar

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group