Manage your account
Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts tour isn’t over yet!
The superstar announced on Tuesday (Nov. 12) that she’ll be headlining her first-ever stadium shows in Brazil and Mexico next year. She’ll stop in Curitiba, Brazil, at Estadio Couto Pereira on March 26 before performing in Mexico City, Mexico, at Estadio GNP Seguros on April 2. St. Vincent will open the Live Nation-produced shows in both cities.
More from Billboard
Tori Kelly to Perform During 2024 NWSL National Championship Weekend
Mark Zuckerberg & T-Pain Have Been in the Studio Together
Cordae on 'The Crossroads,' His Evolution & Why Kendrick/Drake Feud Was 'Great for Hip-Hop'
The newly announced shows come in addition to Rodrigo’s series of 2025 festival performances across Latin America at Lollapalooza Chile, Lollapalooza Argentina, Festival Estereo Picnic, Lollapalooza Brasil, and Tecate Pa’l Norte.
Tickets for the Brazil and Mexico shows will be available for purchase starting on Nov. 14 and 19, respectively, on Rodrigo’s website here.
The announcement comes just a few weeks after the release of the Grammy winner’s Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour concert film on Netflix last month. Directed by James Merryman and filmed at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles, the special gives fans a front row seat to the high-energy show. “I’m gonna miss it so much!” the “Deja Vu” singer wrote in a handwritten note to fans at the time of the film’s announcement. “I hope that everyone who came can watch & relive some fun memories, and that those who didn’t get tickets can watch the concert from the best seat in the house … I hope you get your popcorn out for the movie! Sending lots n lots of love your way!”
The Guts World Tour — which marked Rodrigo’s first-ever arena trek — first kicked off in February with an opening show at Acrisure Arena in California. The eight-month run featured stops at some of the world’s most iconic venues, including Madison Square Garden in New York City and the O2 Arena in London.
Best of Billboard
Chart Rewind: In 1989, New Kids on the Block Were 'Hangin' Tough' at No. 1
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Sign up for Billboard's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.