The list includes releases from the Grateful Dead, Rage Against The Machine, Billie Eilish, Pearl Jam, Jerry Garcia, Olivia Rodrigo and more.
 By Scott Bernstein Oct 3, 2024 • 7:36 am PDT
Record Store Day unveiled the full list of Black Friday releases, including many limited-edition vinyl exclusives, that can be purchased at independent record stores on November 29. Over 150 titles will be available from a diverse array of artists.  
Pearl Jam’s “Waiting For Stevie” has been tapped as Record Store Day’s Song Of The Year. A live version of the cut recorded on May 30 in Seattle will be released on limited 12-inch vinyl this Black Friday, backed by a live performance of fellow Dark Matter cut “Wreckage” captured on May 16 in Las Vegas. 
Vinyl-loving Deadheads will have a chance to purchase live sets from the Grateful Dead and Jerry Garcia on vinyl for the first time on Black Friday. The Dead’s May 9, 1977 concert in New Haven, Connecticut is an RSD Exclusive limited to 4,500 copies, while Jerry Garcia’s Electric On The Eel: August 29th, 1987 performance is among the “RSD First” titles coming out on Black Friday. 
Other key Black Friday vinyl releases include The Allman Brothers Band’s Syracuse 1972, Dickey Betts & Great Southern’s Southern Jam New York 1978, Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard And Soft (Isolated Vocals), Herbie Hancock’s guest-filled Possiblities LP, Noah Kahan’s Town Hall (Stick Season Collaborations), Joni Mitchell’s Hejira Demos, Rage Against The Machine’s Democratic National Convention 2000 and Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts Spilled. 
Head to RecordStoreDay.com to see the full list of 2024 Black Friday releases.
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.