e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Temecula Valley High School drama teacher Derek Heid asked the talented student to forget the script in the scene from the show his actors were rehearsing, “Black Comedy.”
Just improvise, do your thing.
The high school senior complied. Did she ever.
“She delivered it in such a way that we all – the other actors, the crew, even me as the director, lost our place in the script,” Heid said. “I remember the whole room laughing so hard we cried.”
Today, the whole world seems to know Taylor Tomlinson is funny.
RELATED: Olivia Rodrigo has deep roots in Temecula, Murrieta
She has a couple hit stand-up comedy routines on Netflix. She became the lead on CBS’s late-night comedy show “After Midnight” last month. She’s to comedy what Olivia Rodrigo — who once lived in Temecula and went to Murrieta schools — is to music.
Pretty remarkable that two huge entertainers of today have substantial southwest Riverside County roots.
Tomlinson’s publicist declined to return messages, so I was left with a Google search to fill in some blanks. Her mom Angela died when Taylor was just 8 and she even makes jokes about it, which shows her humor knows no bounds. Good for her.
A segment on the CBS show “Sunday Morning” before her debut on the network last month reported that Tomlinson grew up “super sheltered” and in a “very Christian” home.
Given the city’s legendary conservatism — just look at the current uproar over the Temecula school board’s politics — it makes sense that Tomlinson’s formative years were that way.
She started performing when her father Eric signed both of them up for a stand-up comedy class. She did her thing in church basements, coffee shops and high school at the start.
Reached by phone recently, her dad said his daughter is “brilliantly talented,” but declined to talk further.
Taylor is known for making jokes about the most delicate of matters, such as her mental health issues and her therapy. On stage, she said she’s bipolar. Kudos to her for talking about such issues.
In one of the Netflix specials, she noted that it’s mostly women who go to therapists.
“That’s the problem,” she deadpanned.
At other points, she joked about going to the bathroom and taking psychedelic drugs. She’s a long way from her conservative Temecula roots.
To think her former teacher, Heid, was there when she launched publicly. It’s almost like being in the garage where Bill Gates and Paul Allen started Microsoft.
“She had a knack for understanding comic beats on stage and off,” Heid said. “Even as a student, her humor was insightful, witty and born from getting how people work. She was brilliant with one-liners and her delivery was unmatched in her time with our program.”
Besides being funny, Heid said Tomlinson is “fiercely intelligent.” It showed on the debut of her CBS show, when she was able to think up stuff on the spot off of other comedians’ improvisations. That takes serious brainpower.
Given that Temecula’s schools are known to be excellent academically (Who knows what, if any, role the politics plays in that?), they had to only help develop Tomlinson’s smarts.
“Taylor is hilarious now, and she was hilarious even when she was a student,” Heid said. “She was one who I could trust to find the truth in the script. She’d find the funny of the characters and situation even before we had a chance to work through each moment.”
“I remember recognizing that her humor as an actress came from a keen, almost intuitive perception of people. That’s why she got it so much quicker than many peers.”
Asked if he thought in 2011, the year she graduated from Temecula Valley High, that Tomlinson would be a big star, Heid said: “It sounds cliché, but absolutely. Taylor was always going to be this big, that much was evident immediately upon working with her.
“It’s utterly surreal to see her on Netflix and on ‘After Midnight’ each night. But it’s also totally expected.”
Given our success at churning out bigtime entertainers with Rodrigo and Tomlinson, it can only make one wonder which local student of today will be next.
Reach Carl Love at carllove4@yahoo.com
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group