Louis Partridge took a page from Taylor Swift’s ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn’s playbook when addressing his rumored romance with Olivia Rodrigo for the first time in an interview. Partridge was first linked to Rodrigo in the fall of 2023. They photographed kissing just weeks later in New York City, giving the world solid proof of their connection. He has since been filmed in the audience of multiple shows during Rodrigo’s tour, including some this month. 
Partridge would prefer to keep his private life private, however. As he explained to British Vogue when Rodrigo’s name was brought up, “dating probably shouldn’t be done in the public eye. There’s enough going on between two people. You don’t need the voices of thousands of others in your head. I think she’s got it a lot worse than I have. I can be a bit of a normal person. She’s got tons and tons of eyes on her case.” 
When asked how he blocks out the noise of people online giving their opinions on who he is or isn’t dating, Partridge replied, “If there’s a load of people nattering in a room about you, you can choose to put your ear to the door to hear what they say or not. I think you’re probably better off not letting curiosity get the better of you.”
Partridge’s remarks are similar to those Alwyn gave throughout his six years as Swift’s boyfriend. In 2018, Alwyn gave his first remarks on Swift, saying, “I’m aware people want to know about that side of things. I think we have been successfully very private and that has now sunk in for people…but I really prefer to talk about work.”
The less-is-more approach underscores the challenges that come with dating an A-list pop star—and desiring privacy, while being in the spotlight for your own career. Rodrigo hasn’t spoken about Partridge in any interviews yet, but the couple hasn’t hidden their relationship from fans during her tour. For example, Partridge was seen with Rodrigo in Nashville in footage posted to social media. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.