🙌Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
The best of Sydney straight to your inbox
We help you navigate a myriad of possibilities. Sign up for our newsletter for the best of the city.
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
The best of Sydney for free.
Sign up for our email to enjoy Sydney without spending a thing (as well as some options when you’re feeling flush).
Déjà vu! We already have this email. Try another?
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
Sydney
Sydney
Keen for Livvie Rodrigo? Here's all the deets about her Sydney shows
Scored tickets to see the rising indie pop queen’s first visit to Australia? Good 4 U. Olivia is in Australia and is ready to rock our socks off for four nights here in Sydney, starting this week.
The 21-year-old absolutely broke out on to the music scene with the ultimate cry-in-the-car ballad 'Driver’s License' and four-time platinum award-winning album Sour. But hey, she was destined to stardom since her Disney Channel days. 
After selling out two Sydney shows fast, the pop queen doubled her Sydney line-up, so Qudos Bank Arena will be buzzing with Sour fans for four nights, starting on October 17, through to October 22.
Here's everything we know about Olivia Rodrigo’s shows in Sydney this week.
Olivia Rodrigo will take to the stage at the Qudos Bank Arena (after previously hitting Melbourne for four shows) for her first Sydney Guts World Tour concert from this week – the first show is on Thursday, October 17, 2024. She will also perform on Friday, October 18, Monday, October 21, and Tuesday, October 22.
If you didn't get tickets to Livvie – or even if you did – American Express card members can head down to a free Olivia Rodrigo pop-up, the Gut Gallery, at Walsh Bay in Sydney. American Express has partnered with Olivia Rodrigo in celebration of her Guts World Tour on this pop-up activation, which will be on from Friday, October 18 to Sunday, October 20. The activation is over at Pier 2/3, 13 Hickson Road, Walsh Bay. Find out more and register for free over here.
If you’ve got your driver’s license, go ahead and book one of the 10,000 parking spaces here. Be warned that it can get pretty congested leaving the carpark at the end of the night, so public transport is also a great option. Olympic Park Station is a five-minute walk from the arena. There are also heaps of regular buses that you can plan your journey with over here. 
Music will kick off at 7.30pm, with Benee as the opening act. We can’t be 100 per cent sure exactly what time Olivia Rodrigo will come on stage, but based on her other Guts shows around the world, she should come on at around 8pm.
There are specific rules for what you can and can’t bring to Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts Tour in Sydney. Here are the main things to remember.You can bring:One bag no larger than 20cm x 15cm (A5-sized). Make sure you’ve also got digital pay on your phone or your cards because the venue is cashless.You can’t bring:Backpacks, selfie sticks, professional cameras, umbrellas, alcohol, cigarettes, e-cigarettes or bicycles. A heap of other items you may or may not have been considering bringing along are also prohibited, so it’s worth checking the conditions of entry over here.
This won’t come as a surprise to anyone, but demand for Olivia Rodrigo tickets has been through the roof, especially given it’s her first time touring Australia since she made it big. So much so, that the star added additional dates for both her Sydney and Melbourne stops. General allocation for all dates is currently exhausted, but you can try your luck by joining the waitlist for resale tickets over here.
The exact setlist for Olivia Rodrigo’s Sydney shows hasn’t been confirmed, but based on her recent Philippines show, we can expect the setlist to look a little like this:
Olivia won't be supalonely. She has sourced local talent to intro her show – in the form of Kiwi singer Benee, a fellow indie pop breakout. Benee will be singing hits like 'Find an Island' and 'Glitter'.
Stay in the loop: sign up for our free Time Out Sydney newsletter for more news, things to do and travel inspo, straight to your inbox.
Been there, done that? Think again, my friend.
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
🙌Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
Popular on Time Out
Discover Time Out original video
Get us in your inbox
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
🙌 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
About us
Contact us
Time Out products