By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:22, 10 July 2024   |  Updated:  23:30, 10 July 2024   
 4
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo sparked more Stanley cup chaos when fans were left fuming after being unable to purchase her special edition tumbler due to the website crashing. 
The Drivers License songstress, 21 - who recently signed a university student's dissertation during her Lisbon concert - collaborated with Stanley to launch her $55 Good 4 U Quencher H2.0 Tumbler. 
The bottle was named after her hit track of the same title - which is found on her 2021 album: Sour. 
However, fans only had 24 hours to enter a lottery to receive up to two bottles per individual - but some faced an assortment of technical issues during the process on Tuesday. 
On the brand's latest Instagram post which promoted Rodrigo's special cup, social media users flocked to the comment section to air out their frustrations, with one penning, 'Why was this war.' 
Olivia Rodrigo, 21, sparked more Stanley cup chaos when fans were left fuming after being unable to purchase her special edition tumbler due to the website crashing
The Drivers License songstress collaborated with Stanley to launch her Good 4 U Quencher H2.0 Tumbler; seen in June in Barcelona 
On the brand's latest Instagram post which promoted Rodrigo's special cup, social media users flocked to the comment section to air out their frustrations, with one penning, 'Why was this war'
Another wrote, 'What joke I have been trying to get on the list for the past 2 hours and it keeps declining all my credit cards I'm done I don't even care anymore!' 
One added, 'Hurt when your card was locked and U WERE A WINNER,' while another shared, 'It's not accepting my credit card,' followed by a crying face emoji.
'What is up with the card situation? Won't take my card?' one Instagram user questioned in the comments. 
'Literally the worst experience, never purchased before so this is my first launch and of course I didn't get chosen to buy it...I wonder how many people did that are genuine,' a fan typed out. 
Fans that wanted to enter the lottery in order to have the chance to be picked to order the limited edition tumbler had to join a list via a website called EQL Launch - a third-party commerce platform. 
While some customers faced difficulties, others applauded the system, with one penning, 'Honestly, I actually didn't mind the new EQL system, it was way less stressful.' 
Another added, 'Yall are mad when there's a lottery, yall are mad when they sell out in seconds... what would yall like be so fr rn.' 
Others took to a Facebook page to vent out their feelings on the group called, Stanley Obsession, per The U.S. Sun. 
However, fans only had 24 hours to enter a lottery to receive up to two bottles per individual - but some faced an assortment of technical issues during the process on Tuesday
Another wrote, 'What joke I have been trying to get on the list for the past 2 hours and it keeps declining all my credit cards I'm done I don't even care anymore!'
One added, 'Hurt when your card was locked and U WERE A WINNER,' while another shared, 'It's not accepting my credit card,' followed by a crying face emoji
'Literally the worst experience, never purchased before so this is my first launch and of course I didn't get chosen to buy it...I wonder how many people did that are genuine,' a fan typed out
While some customers faced difficulties, others applauded the system, with one penning, 'Honestly, I actually didn't mind the new EQL system, it was way less stressful'
'Did anyone else have issues entering!? the website wouldnt let me enter!' one wrote, while another shared, 'It keeps saying issue with processing my card I've tried like 6 different ones.' 
The Olivia Rodrigo Good 4 U Quencher H2.0 Tumbler is 40 ounces and if chosen from the lottery - customers pay $55 per cup. 
The lottery officially went live on Tuesday at 9am (PST)/12pm (EST) - with fans only having one day to enter. 
The tumbler itself comes in a lavender purple shade with small, star details scattered towards the top in hues of silver, purple and also red. 
A purple lid also comes with the product as well as a reusable straw, per the brand's official website. 
The special edition item was also described as, 'a galaxy of purple and a pop of red to hold and fill with good times and bad ideas, right?' 
'As the Olivia Rodrigo collab unfolds, purple makes a rare transit. Orbiting through the quencher h2.0 flowstate tumbler, a clear Sour grape lid and reusable straw debut for the first time.'
'Drenched in her favorite color, the powder coat finish acts as a canvas. Studded in vampire-red and silver stars, celestial art embodies the soft-grunge essence of Guts,' the description concluded. 
Another added, 'Yall are mad when there's a lottery, yall are mad when they sell out in seconds... what would yall like be so fr rn'
The Olivia Rodrigo Good 4 U Quencher H2.0 Tumbler is 40 ounces and if chosen from the lottery - customers pay $55 per cup
The tumbler itself comes in a lavender purple shade with small, star details scattered towards the top in hues of silver, purple and also red
Earlier this year, the popularity of Stanley cups created a craze as the bottles quickly sold out in stores within minutes, and the number of cups being limited to consumers upon purchasing. 
Along with her recent Stanley cup collaboration, Rodrigo has been keeping busy with her Guts World Tour. 
She concluded her European trek last month on June 23 in Lisbon, and has been enjoying a brief break before commencing concerts in the United States. 
The Vampire hitmaker is slated to resume dates later this month on July 19 in Philadelphia at the Wells Fargo Center. 
Later in September, she will whisk herself away to Asia with the tour officially coming to an end on October 22 in Sydney.
A few months earlier in May, Rodrigo officially announced additional dates for her tour stop in Australia.
She concluded her European trek last month on June 23 in Lisbon, and has been enjoying a brief break before commencing concerts in the United States
The Vampire hitmaker is slated to resume dates later this month on July 19 in Philadelphia at the Wells Fargo Center; seen in February in Palm Springs 
The Guts World Tour began earlier this year in February and is in support of her second studio album of the same name - which was released last year in September 2023.
During an interview with the Los Angeles Times late last year in December, the Vampire songstress opened up about her Guts World Tour.
At the time, Olivia revealed that prepping for the concerts, 'is really making me examine my identity as an artist...'
'Because I love going to a show that's big and awesome, but I'm also not the type of girl who's gonna break into a dance routine. That's not me. So I've got to figure out a way to make it my own.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group