By
Erinn Callahan
Sydney Sterlace shocked The Voice coaches and viewers alike by revealing her age. The 16-year-old New Yorker joined Gwen Stefani’s team following a dazzling four-chair turn cover of Olivia Rodrigo’s “drivers license” during the Blind Auditions. With fans dubbing her “a mini Kelly Clarkson,” Sterlace continued to dazzle  with performances of Lewis Capaldi’s “Bruises” and Taylor Swift’s “betty.” Now, the wise-beyond-her-years teen has reached the Top 8 of season 26, and could very well win it all.
We’re down to the Top 8 on The Voice. During Monday’s (Dec. 2) episode, each artist performed live in front of the coaches and viewers for the first time. With their fate now entirely in America’s hands, The Voice hopefuls had no choice but to leave it all on the stage. 
Having already conquered Olivia Rodrigo and Taylor Swift, Sydney Sterlace set her sights on Billie Eilish next. The teen phenom absolutely nailed Eilish’s melancholy 2018 hit “when the party’s over.”
Great performance moment for Sydney tonight! Singing Billie Eilish. #VoiceLives #TheVoice #TeamGwen @NBCTheVoice pic.twitter.com/ZY80Q3MV9j
“Wow, I think she can take the whole thing,” one viewer wrote on X/Twitter.
Sydney just knocked my socks off #TheVoice
Another fan added, “Now THIS is a talented singer.”
#TheVoice It took an hour into the show to finally get a worthy performance. Now THIS is a talented singer. Good job, Sydney.
After a season of impossible decisions, coaches Michael Bublé, Snoop Dogg, Reba McEntire and Gwen Stefani have expressed relief to hand over the reins to America. From this point forward, the Top 8 finalists’ fates are squarely in the hands of The Voice viewers. Here’s how you can make your voice heard.
Voting opens at 8 p.m. Eastern Monday (Dec. 2), running through 7 a.m. Eastern Tuesday (Dec. 3.) Fans can weigh in once per email address per voting method, using either the show’s website or official app.
The four artists with the most votes will automatically advance to the Dec. 9 Live Finale. Additionally, the bottom four will compete for the Instant Save, with the winner also advancing to the Live Finale.
Fans are limited to one vote per email address regardless of login method for the Instant Save. Again, you can cast your vote through either the website or The Voice Official App.
A five-minute voting window will open up during the live episodes. You will vote for the Instant Save during that window. 
Featured image via Instagram
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand