British singer Lily Allen didn't hold back as she shared her "crappy" onstage mishap on her BBC Radio podcast Miss Me? with longtime friend Miquita Oliver.
The pair based their latest episode on stories about poop, responding to callers with testimonies about their embarrassing situations around the topic. Around the 10-minute mark, Oliver and Allen were discussing some of their most traumatic memories around poop, the latter revealing that she had full-blown diarrhea during a concert.
"I’ve had diarrhea once when I was on stage. That was a bit of a disaster," Allen told Oliver, adding that she hadn't eaten because her "stomach was dodgy."
"During the show, I'd obviously been drinking," she continued. "And when I had to come off for the encore, I was desperate to go to the toilet."
The wild event occurred while Allen was "somewhere in Canada," where, after she left the stage, the singer "ran up to the stairs to the toilet, sat on the toilet, the heavens opened, shall we say."
"I just remember sitting on the toilet and thinking, 'Oh my God. This isn’t stopping,' and then suddenly hearing [the crowd repeat], 'Lily! Lily! Lily! Lily! Lily!'"
The chants were getting mortifyingly "louder and louder and louder," although Allen's bowel movement was "just not stopping." "It just would not stop," she recalled.
But the cheers soon subsided, with the show having a "hilarious" end. "Eventually it did, and the 'Lily! Lily! Lily!' had sort of died down, and I started panicking, thinking, 'Oh my God. People are going to be leaving. They're thinking I’m not coming out for the encore,'" continued Allen, "and then I came out, and I was just straight with everyone. I said, 'I'm really sorry. I've got diarrhea.'"
Thankfully, Allen seemed to be healthy while hitting the stage with Olivia Rodrigo earlier this month in London, just two years after the artists performed together at Glastonbury Festival.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Lily Allen Shades ‘Cowboy Carter’ and Critiques Beyoncé's “Jolene” Cover, Calls Jay-Z’s Grammy Speech a ‘Campaign’
music | BY Alex Ocho
Lily Allen Jokes That Having Children ‘Totally Ruined’ Her Career as a Pop Star
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Watch Olivia Rodrigo Dedicate Lily Allen's "F*ck You" to Supreme Court Justices at Glastonbury
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.