By ERICA NARDOZZI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:31, 24 February 2024   |  Updated:  15:09, 24 February 2024   
 31
View  comments
Pilates was invented long before the birth of Gen Z, but modern variations of the method have become the hot girl workout of choice for the younger generation. 
German physical trainer Joseph Pilates developed the series of exercises designed to balance the body and mind in the 1920s. A century later, the sculpting workout has taken TikTok by storm. 
The hashtag #pilates has more than six billion views on the platform, where devotees wax poetic about how the method has lengthened and toned their bodies. 
Speir Pilates co-founder Andrea Speir told DailyMail.com that she has noticed how popular the workout has become with Gen Z, who are prioritizing a more holistic approach to health and wellness. 
FEMAIL's Erica Nardozzi tried Speir Pilates' on-demand workouts for six weeks, including a 14-day mat challenge. She is pictured before (L) and after (R)
Andrea Speir is the co-founder of Speir Pilates, which includes mat and reformer workouts. Chrissy Teigen, Ashley Olsen, Zooey Deschanel, and Shay Mitchell are all fans of her method
Speir has also trained Gen Z stars Olivia Rodrigo (L) and Elle Fanning (R)
'There's a big emphasis on cold plunges, mental health, stretching, and all this stuff that was not as relevant for the older generation,' explained the trainer, who has worked with Gen Z stars Olivia Rodrigo and Elle Fanning.
'So I think Pilates is having a big moment now because it sort of combines those two. It's not super woo, but you're elongating your muscles, you're working your circulation. It feels really good. It changes your body and your strength.'
Speir described Speir Pilates as being a 'classically founded method that incorporates contemporary approaches.'
'I've fused in different styles of fitness and different movements that I loved to go alongside the form-focused educated movement to make it fun and a little bit more inclusive, less intimidating, and really more of a community,' she said.
Chrissy Teigen, Ashley Olsen, Zooey Deschanel, Jonah Hill, and Shay Mitchell are all fans of her sculpting method.
When I asked if I wanted to try Speir Pilates' on-demand classes, which include mat and reformer workouts, I jumped at the chance. I may be pushing 40, but I am not immune to the pull of the Pilates girlie aesthetic.
Speir recommended working out a minimum of three days a week with at least one rest day, but she noted I would see results faster if I did more.
The trainer said I would likely notice that I felt stronger within a few weeks, and I would start to see changes to my body in a month. 
'It's not like instantly your body is totally different. It's changing, but you don't see it for the first couple of weeks because it's working all these little muscles in addition to the bigger ones,' she explained.
'You have to stick with it and trust that the method is working and not expect it to be like a seven-day total change to your body.' 
Week 1 
Speir Pilates' on-demand platform has a variety of classes and curated workout programs. New classes are updated weekly and range anywhere from 10 to 60 minutes
Erica's dog Margot made her workouts even more challenging by jumping on her and licking her face while she tried to strengthen her core 
Erica started to feel stronger after a few weeks of classes, and she noticed that her stomach was getting flatter
I kicked off my fitness challenge in December by downloading the Speir Pilates app on my smart TV, which was the easiest part of my week.
The on-demand platform has a variety of classes and curated workout programs. New classes are updated weekly and range anywhere from 10 to 60 minutes.
Although I lacked a reformer, I had dumbbells, ankle weights, bands, and a Pilates ball to use during the mat classes.
I started with a beginner full-body workout because I was out of shape. I knew it wouldn't be easy, but I naively thought I was strong enough to get through it. I was wrong.
I felt good doing the warm-up. 'You got this,' I thought, my blood pumping, but I was not prepared for the round of squats that left my thighs burning.
I somehow pulled my hip flexors (I'll blame my lack of core strength) and was lying down on my mat for the ab portion of class when I realized I couldn't lift my legs in the air because of the strain.
To add insult to injury, my confused dog, Margot, kept trying to lick my face and jump on me while I was lying on the mat.
Even though I was essentially a beached whale for part of the workout, I still felt like jelly when I went to take a not-so-patient Margot for a short walk after I was done.
Unsurprisingly, I woke up sore and decided to give my lower half a rest. I opted for a 30-minute dumbbell workout that night.
I grabbed 5 lb. dumbbells per Speir's suggestion, but my arms started burning to the point that I had to switch to 3 lbs. to complete the class. It was moments like this one that I was grateful to be in the comfort of my own home.
I appreciated Speir's frequent reminders to listen to my body and to grab lighter weights or do modifications when needed.
By the end of the week, I was back to using 5 lb. dumbbells; however, my hip flexors continued to bother me as my body adjusted to the movements.
My mother suggested I prop my leg up on my coffee table during the ab exercises, which worked like a charm. I could feel my abs tighten without aggravating my pulled muscles.
I felt good after the workout and thought I was finally getting the hang of it. Was I ready to tackle the reformer? Probably not, but I knew it was a marathon, not a sprint.
Weeks 2-4   
Erica also took a reformer class at the Speir Pilates studio in Venice (pictured), a neighborhood in Los Angeles 
Erica started to crave the soreness she felt in my arms, abs, and legs after a toning session, and she could feel herself getting stronger, just as Speir said she would
I had never taken a Pilates reformer class up until this point, despite living in Los Angeles for six years. I wanted to try it, but I was nervous I would embarrass myself — the reason I avoided group fitness classes in general.
However, after a few weeks of on-demand workouts, I felt ready for a reformer class at the Speir Pilates studio in Venice.
The instructor escorted me to a reformer and showed me how it worked before the class started. Any nerves I had quickly dissipated. Not only was I able to keep up, but I also enjoyed the movements.
The class was over before I knew it, and I couldn't wait to take another. There were a few weeks when I contemplated buying a reformer for my apartment and turning the dining area into a gym to the chagrin of my husband.
After traveling to the East Coast for Christmas, I took a few days off for the holiday, and I will admit that I did not feel like working out when December 26 rolled around.
I went all out and forced myself to do a 45-minute full-body workout. It was hard to hear during the warm-up we were just getting started, but starting is always the hardest part.
The class went quickly and it was nice to use my muscles after two days of eating. I ended the workout with a sense of accomplishment.
I was also impressed that I was able to do the intermediate and advanced classes at this point. I didn't shy away from the longer classes and tried to do a healthy mix based on how I felt each day.
I started to crave the soreness I felt in my arms, abs, and legs after a toning session, and I could feel myself getting stronger, just as Speir said I would.
My dog's behavior also improved over the month, and she went from jumping all over me to watching me from the couch.
By the time January 1 rolled around, my love handles were gone and my clothes fit better. I didn't lose any weight, but I didn't gain any either, which was a win for me considering my holiday eating habits.
14-day challenge  
Erica ended her six-week fitness journey with Speir Pilates' 14-Day Mat Sculpt+ Plan, which launched on-demand after the new year
After completing the challenge, Erica's stomach was visibly flatter, and she had lost a few inches around her waist and arms. She is pictured before and after 
I ended my six-week fitness journey with Speir Pilates' 14-Day Mat Sculpt+ Plan, which launched on-demand after the new year.
I wanted to challenge myself to do more than three classes a week, and moving my body every day for two weeks straight was a challenge.
The first week included full-body workouts, as well as classes that targeted the glutes, abs, back, and arms.
The shortest class was a 10-minute cardio Pilates mix that had me more winded than I would like to admit. I ended the week with a relaxing 15-minute stretch session.
The second week was even more difficult. Most of the workouts were 45 to 50 minutes long, which was hard to handle mentally.
I tried to work out in the morning, but I would occasionally run out of time and have to continue the rest of the class in the evening.
I finished the two weeks with a well-deserved stretch workout, and Speir wasn't lying about seeing results. The 14-day challenge whipped me into even better shape than before.
At the end of six weeks, my stomach was visibly flatter, and I had lost a few inches around my waist and arms.
More importantly, I felt stronger, and I was happy to have a workout that I enjoyed doing and could easily fit into my schedule.
Feel free to call me a Pilates girlie.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group