Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 The stars of Love Actually, including big names like Emma Thompson, Keira Knightley, Hugh Grant, Colin Firth and Bill Nighty, reunited in 2022 for the film's 20th anniversary since filming.
Despite mixed reviews when it was released, the 2003 Christmas classic has become a must-watch. As many households will be sticking on the iconic movie this festive season, OK! takes a look at what the actors have been up to since the movie was released 21 years ago.
Alan Rickman, also known for his role as Professor Snape in Harry Potter, played Emma Thompson's husband in Love Actually. In real life, Alan was married to his childhood sweetheart Rima Horton until his death in 2016. The actor sadly passed away at age 69 after suffering a minor stroke and being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
Liam Neeson, who played Sam's grieving step-father Daniel in the film, was happily married to actress Natasha Richardson - known for The Parent Trap - when the film was released. However, he faced his own tragedy six years later when Natasha died in a skiing accident. "I was told she was brain dead... She was on life support and stuff," Liam shared with 60 Minutes in 2014. 
"And I went in... and told her I loved her. I said, 'Sweetie, you're not coming back from this. You've banged your head. I don't know if you can hear me, but that's this is what's gone down.'" Sadly, Natasha passed away two days later.
The 71 year old then threw himself into his career and has starred in many iconic movies, including Taken, The A-Team, Wrath of the Titans Non-Stop and The Commuter. Liam is thought to be single now and honours Natasha by being a doting dad to their two sons; Micheál and Daniel.
Andrew Lincoln, also known for his role as Rick Grimes in The Walking Dead, played Mark in the film, who was hopelessly in love with his best friend's wife Juliet, portrayed by Keira Knightley.
In 2019, Andrew starred in drama Penguin Bloom and later played the part of Rick in a spinoff of The Walking Dead, which was released this year. He has been married to Gael Anderson since 2006 and the couple share two children.
Heike Makatsch played Mia, the office femme fatale who seduced her married boss Harry, and convinced him to buy her a sexy Christmas present which wife Karen then found.
The German actress went on to make a name for herself as Lisa Addison in 2002's Resident Evil and Liesel's mother in The Book Thief in 2013. In 2020, Heike starred as a journalist and single mother in a crime drama called Zero, directed by Jochen Alexander Freydank.
Now aged 33, Thomas Brodie-Sangster went on to have incredible success as an actor after playing young Sam in Love Actually.
He starred in Nanny McPhee, Nowhere Boy and Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens and landed the coveted role of Jojen Reed in Game of Thrones. 
Tying the knot this year to Elon Musk's ex-wife Talulah Riley, the pair had a stunning Hertfordshire wedding. Thomas starred in Danny Boyle's Sex Pistols biopic Pistol with Talulah, and later confirmed the couple hadn't started dating until filming wrapped.
American actress Olivia Olson impressed viewers with her incredible rendition of All I Want For Christmas. After Love Actually, the Californian native starred in Disney's long-running TV show Phineas And Ferb from 2007 to 2015.
She also lent her voice to Bliss in the reboot of The Powerpuff Girls, and has been a part of several video games like Adventure Time franchises' games and Lego Dimensions. At 31, she also tried her luck on X-Factor Celebrity in 2019, but was heartbroken when she was voted off in the first live show.
The handsome Brazilian actor Rodrigo Santoro played the role of the shy office worker who Laura Linney's character Sarah fell for. Since then, Rodrigo has had consistent work, with notable roles in 300 and Focus. He also appeared on the TV show Lost as Paulo, and HBO's Westworld as Hector.
Now at 48, he is still acting and starred in the American supernatural teen drama series Wolf Pack alongside Buffy The Vampire Slayer, Sarah Michelle Gellar in 2023. He married actress Mel Fronckowiak in 2016.
Joanna Page plays the stunt double Judy who falls for Martin Freeman's character John. The Welsh actress later starred as one of the main characters in James Corden's Gavin and Stacey - which is returning this Christmas for a special episode.
Joanna has continued to act, starring as Bethan Stubbins in the 2020 movie Doolittle alongside Robert Downey Jr. Now 46, the mum-of-four has also co-presented BBC One consumer series Shop Well for Less alongside Melanie Sykes and recently popped up Celebrity Antiques Roadshow alongside Go Compare star, Wynne Evans.
Lucia Moniz, known for playing Colin Firth's character Jamie's Portuguese cleaner, was actually a singer before her film career. She even represented Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1996.
After filming, she returned to music and has released five albums so far. Now 47, Lucia continues to act, most recently appearing as Isabel Da Paz in the Portuguese telenovela Na Corda Bamba.
Kris Marshall played the role of Colin Frisell, who went to America because he couldn't find "English girls". The 50 year old actor is also well-known for his role as Nick Harper in the TV series My Family.
He's also been seen as Gratiano in The Merchant of Venice and as DI Humphrey Goodman in Death in Paradise. This year, he reprised his role in Beyond Paradise, where he reunited with his Death In Paradise co-star, Sally Bretton.