Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Olivia Rodrigo fans will be gutted to hear that her upcoming gigs at crisis-hit Co-op Live have been cancelled.
The pop icon was due to perform this weekend at the Manchester venue. But, the singer has been forced to cut out part of her GUTS World Tour due to issues with the new venue.
In a statement released this evening (May 1), a Co-op Live spokesperson said: "Due to an ongoing venue-related technical issue, the scheduled performances of Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS World Tour on 3rd and 4th May are being postponed. Ticket holders can either hold onto their tickets or obtain a refund at point of purchase. We deeply apologise for the significant inconvenience this will cause for many."
READ MORE: People called us crazy but now we make a living from Taylor Swift
READ MORE: Man fighting for life after 'vicious assault' in city centre
The news comes after the Manchester-based arena announced tonight on X that the 'A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie' gig would not go ahead as planned while fans queued up outside. The US rapper's gig was supposed to be the first official event at the venue which has had teething issues since its planned launch in April.
It has since been revealed that an air conditioning unit that fell from the celling was the reason for tonight's cancellation. The shock announcement comes after weeks of turmoil at the £365m Eastlands venue.
The arena was originally supposed to open with a series of Peter Kay gigs starting on April 23 but the comedian's shows were rescheduled twice. The Black Keys, who were also lined up to perform, have agreed to reschedule their show to May 15.
For the latest news and breaking news visit http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @LivECHONews - the official Liverpool ECHO Twitter account - real news in real time. We're also on Facebook/theliverpoolecho - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Liverpool ECHO.
Sign up to one of the Liverpool Echo's free daily and weekly newsletters on news, Liverpool FC, Everton FC, what's on and more by clicking here.