Crumbl will serve the limited-edition treat at locations within an hour of her concert venues on the 57-date tour 
 NDZ/Star Max/GC Images
 Olivia Rodrigo is pairing her Guts World Tour with a sweet treat from Crumbl.

 The Grammy Award winner revealed on Instagram that the Olivia Rodrigo Guts Cookie will be available across the country while she is touring for her sophomore album.

 “@crumblcookies is joining the #GUTSworldtour!!!” said the singer, 20, who announced her Guts World Tour in September. “Get the GUTS cookie for one week only at Crumbl locations along the tour.”

Olivia Rodrigo/ Instagram
 Rodrigo’s Crumbl cookie has layers of triple-berry jam and vanilla buttercream sandwiched between two purple cookies, rolled in star-shaped sprinkles and a star cutout on top. The cookie chain will serve the limited-time treat at locations within an hour of her concert venues on the 57-date tour.

 TikTok users often go viral for trying the bakery's unique flavors, which change weekly.

 When Rodrigo's tour ends in August, her cookie will be available at all North America Crumbl locations for just a few days. From Aug. 19 to Aug. 24, fans across the country can get a taste of the treat. Her shows also feature artists like The Breeders and PinkPantheress as opening acts.

 While she is busy prepping for her tour and riding the excitement of receiving six Grammy nominations, Rodrigo said she still has dreams of acting again.

 "I would love to. I think that'd be really fun. I love movies, I love telling stories," she told Variety at the Academy's Governors Awards in Los Angeles. "I really want to do a coming-of-age thing, maybe before I'm actually of age."

 "Maybe I am of age already, I don't know," added Rodrigo, who turns 21 on Feb. 20. "I just love telling stories, whether that be in a song or a movie, it's just something that really excites me."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)