By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:37, 17 January 2024   |  Updated:  17:12, 17 January 2024   
 37
View  comments
Gisele Bundchen has helped create a smoothie for trendy organic market Erewhon.
The price on the drink is an eye-watering $19, which is much more than the hourly minimum wage in the US.
Many comments were positive like this one: 'So excited for the debut of the Giselderberry Boost Smoothie! Thank you so much for highlighting the power of organic ingredients!'
And this: 'Always wonderful! Thanks for sharing this with us. ✨I already want to try it!!!'
Some felt it was - literally - out of reach: 'I wish I could try. I live in the Midwest.' 
Most of Erewhon's smoothies (which can have ice cream added) hover around 700 calories but the company does not list the calorie count on their website.
The drink includes collage, which improves skin health, and elderberry, which is taken as a supplement to treat cold and flu symptoms.
Gisele Bundchen has helped create a smoothie for trendy organic market Erewhon. The price on the drink is an eye-watering $19, which is much more than the hourly minimum wage in the US
Many comments were positive like this one: 'So excited for the debut of the Giselderberry Boost Smoothie! Thank you so much for highlighting the power of organic ingredients and supporting our mission of growing the regenerative organic agriculture movement!' 
Some felt it was - literally - out of reach: 'I wish I could try. I live in the Midwest'
Gisele said: 'Giselderberry Boost Smoothie is now available at @erewhonmarket! 
'It’s delicious and nutritious! Hope you like it! The ingredients: @gaiaherbs certified Organic Black Elderberry Syrup + Gaia Herbs Elderberry glaze.'
There was no mention of how much sugar was in it. 
To be fair, most of Erewhon's celebrity backed smoothies are around this price because all of the ingredients are organic. 
When Hailey Bieber introduced a smoothie it was $18. And when Kourtney Kardashian did it, it was $17.  
The beverage really is healthy and contains collagen which is youth-boosting.
The ex-wife of Tom Brady partnered with Gaia Herbs for the drink. She is their 'Wellness Ambassador.'
It is called the Giselderberry Boost Smoothie featuring Gaia Herbs Black Elderberry Syrup.
Elderberry is one of the most commonly used medicinal plants in the world. It is most often taken as a supplement to treat cold and flu symptoms. 
Most of Erewhon's smoothies (which can have ice cream added) hover around 700 calories but the company does not list the calories on their website. The drink includes collage, which improves skin health
Gisele said: 'Giselderberry Boost Smoothie is now available at @erewhonmarket! 'It’s delicious and nutritious! Hope you like it! The ingredients: @gaiaherbs certified Organic Black Elderberry Syrup + Gaia Herbs Elderberry glaze'
There was no mention of how much sugar was in it or how many calories it has
To be fair, most of Erewhon's celebrity backed smoothies are around this price because all of the ingredients are organic. When Hailey Bieber introduced a smoothie it was $18. And when Kourtney Kardashian did it, it was $17
The beverage really is healthy and contains collagen which is youth-boosting
The ex-wife of Tom Brady partnered with Gaia Herbs for the drink. She is their 'Wellness Ambassador.' It is called the Giselderberry Boost Smoothie featuring Gaia Herbs Black Elderberry Syrup
You can also remove some of the ingredients when ordering
Elderberry is one of the most commonly used medicinal plants in the world. It is most often taken as a supplement to treat cold and flu symptoms
Gisele was seen at Erewhon supermarket, skillfully preparing her signature immunity smoothie for the cameras, on January 11
Gisele debuted the exclusive smoothie at the Culver City Erewhon on January 11.
The 43-year-old supermodel and wellness enthusiast — who stars in Frame's latest campaign — looked smart in a dark gray blazer layered over a gray sweater.
The former Victoria's Secret Angel rolled up the sleeves of her jacket and teamed the look with a pair of blue jeans.
Her outfit was rounded out with a pair of simple white sneakers and she looked typically stunning in a face of peach-toned makeup.
The Brazilian beauty wore her long hair down.
It is now available for purchase at all Erewhon locations, via the Erewhon app, and through UBER.
A portion of proceeds will go to Rodale Institute, which is a global nonprofit dedicated to growing the regenerative organic agriculture movement through rigorous research, farmer training, and education.
The ingredients are: Coconut Milk, Coconut Meat, Banana, Açaí, Dates, Almond butter, Lucuma, Unflavored plant protein and Vanilla collagen. 
'Healthy' smoothies from bougie LA grocery store Erewhon have more calories than a large Frappuccino from Starbucks - and a similar amount to a McDonald's Big Mac burger, nutritionists have warned.
The celebrity-backed drinks are thought to contain approximately 700 calories and almost 80 grams of sugar - 10 times that of a Krispy Kreme donut - per 20oz serving. 
In comparison, a large Sugar Cookie Almond milk Frappuccino from Starbucks has 440 calories and 74 grams of sugar. 
The coffee chain's popular drinks have previously been slammed as 'loaded with excessive sugar and calories' by international health experts. 
Erewhon's Hailey Bieber's Strawberry Glaze Skin Smoothie - which is designed by the model and influencer - is priced at $18 and claims to be 'skin supporting' and 'wellness supporting.'
However, Alabama-based dietitian Carolyn Williams told DailyMail.com: 'It's not going to improve your skin any more than another smoothie with fresh fruits in it.'
Far from 'inspiring good decision-making and healthier communities,' as claimed by the celebrity-favorite grocery store, these products risk significant weight gain if eaten often and are packed with expensive supplements that are effectively useless, say experts, as well as a ton of sugar.
Erewhon's Hailey Bieber Strawberry Glaze Skin Smoothie will cost you an eye-watering $18
Angie, a fitness influencer, tried making Hailey's smoothie at home and calculated a total of 548 calories
DailyMail.com spent 48 hours trying to contact Erewhon to obtain the nutritional information of the smoothie, which is not listed on the website, but Erewhon said it did not have the information available.
TikTok user James Anderson contacted Erewhon's customer service team in September 2023 and was told in an email, seen by DailyMail.com, that Hailey Bieber's Strawberry Glaze Skin Smoothie has 'approximately 700 calories.'
In the absence of detailed official nutritional information, content creators have attempted to recreate the smoothie to gauge how calorific it is.
Its ingredients, as listed on the website, are: Malk almond milk, organic bananas, organic strawberries, organic avocado, organic dates, organic maple syrup, Vital Proteins vanilla collagen, vanilla stevia, sea moss, organic coconut creme, and Driscoll's Organic Strawberry Glaze.
In Erewhon's Instagram post announcing the smoothie, they also mention hyaluronic acid as part of the concoction.
Ms Williams said: 'You are getting fruit, avocados and fat.
'Sea moss is a type of seaweed that is thought to offer some nutritional benefits, but large studies haven't proven this yet.
Although already packed full of spinach, kale and other leafy greens, mixing them with certain liquids can boost levels of lutein — an antioxidant that keeps our eyes healthy. 
'The coconut cream is usually very dense in calories because it's thicker than even canned coconut milk.'
 Driscoll's Organic strawberry glaze is typically used as a dessert topper to finish off items like ice cream and cheesecake. 
Ms Williams said: 'It's funny that they used Driscoll's Organic strawberry glaze.  This has a lot of added sugar in it.'
Collagen is a protein that is naturally occurring in the body, but it is often touted as a supplement to improve skin, nails and hair.
'There are some suggested benefits with collagen, not necessarily on physical appearance, but there's some research on how collagen may potentially give bones strength and protect against bone loss and joint pain,' says Ms Williams.
'But it's not going to make you look better on the outside.'
As for the hyaluronic acid, Ms Williams said: 'I have never seen research that shows it serves a nutritional benefit when added to food.
'Just because it plays that role in the body doesn't necessarily mean that consuming it through food or through a smoothie means it's going to do those things.'
'I was surprised that they used maple syrup in addition to dates - it's unnecessary. Between the dates and the bananas, it should be sweet enough on its own.'
Some wellness gurus claim that maple syrup and dates are 'healthier' than white sugars - but this has been debunked by numerous diet experts. 
In an explainer from last year, dietitian Zoë Atlas from California explained: '"Natural" sugars are still sugar and are just as likely to lead to blood glucose spikes or other damaging metabolic health effects as plain old table sugar.'
On TikTok, one fitness influencer with more than 200,000 followers named Angie, shared a video in which she makes the strawberry glaze smoothie according to the store's recipe. She calculates that the drink contains around 548 calories.
Michelle Murphy, a blogger on Medium, also recreated the Hailey Bieber smoothie and calculated it to be nearly 600 calories.
'That's a lot for a smoothie,' Ms Williams said. 'It's a lot for a meal - and this is just a drink that I'd assume you'd have as an addition.' She guessed the drink would be 'at least 400 calories.'
Olivia Rodrigo's collaboration with Erewhon is her good 4 ur GUTS Smoothie, which contains sea buckthorn and pomegranate kombucha
Another of Erewhon's 'healthy' smoothie offerings is the 'good 4 ur GUTS Smoothie', priced at $18, designed by singer Olivia Rodrigo to mark the release of her album, GUTS.
Promising 'gut-healing support,' this drink contains oat milk, pomegranate kombucha, sea buckthorn, ion gut support, honey, protein chocolate maca, strawberries, dates, blueberries, mango, acai, coconut cream and avocadoes.
The sea buckthorn and ion gut support 'aren't going to do much,' Ms Williams said.
'There's a lot of things in here that I don't think are necessarily bad, but I don't think they're going to do anything or they're worse than money.'
'It's not something that you should go out and get because it's going to make you healthier,' she added.
As for a potential effect on the gut, Ms Williams said it won't have any more impact than any other fruit smoothie - which contains fiber to speed up the digestive process.
She estimated Rodrigo's smoothie to be 'at least 400 calories.'
If someone were to drink it every day, 'it's not gonna be some superfood or anything that's going to revolutionize your health.'
Emma Chamberlain's 'protein-rich' Cold Brew Cookie Smoothie is also $18 and is estimated to be over 600 calories
Next up is social media personality Emma Chamberlain's 'protein-rich' Cold Brew Cookie Smoothie.
The decadent drink is packed with banana, toffee stevia, vanilla protein powder, almond milk, beauty drops, almond butter, coconut meat, ice, cold brew concentrate, frozen raspberries, caramel, dates, cacao powder, coconut cream, chocolate brownie thin cookies and cacao nibs.
Ms Williams said: 'It does have a little more protein than the other two, you're probably getting 15-25 grams of protein - so at least that will keep you full.
'The coconut meat and coconut cream - they are pretty calorie and fat-dense. That's going to add a good amount of calories.'
Factoring in the caramel, dates and cookie crumble, 'this is going to be at least 600 calories,' she said.
'I consider this more as a pretty big treat and not something to eat every day. Most of my meals aren't even 600 calories,' she said.
'It's got less fiber because it doesn't have as much fruit,' Ms Williams added.
Another of Erewhon's popular smoothies is its Coconut Cloud Smoothie, which is an aesthetic pale blue color.
It contains almond milk, pineapple, banana, avocado, almond butter, vanilla collagen, vanilla stevia, blue majik, and coconut cream.
Blue majik is a brand of spirulina, which is a type of algae. 'There is some research looking at potential health benefits of spirulina, but there are no large studies; there's nothing hugely conclusive,' Ms Williams said.
'This looks a little more well-rounded than some of the others. But again, it's going to be pretty calorie-dense. I would think close to 400 calories or more, again.'
'This isn't going to be the one thing that changes your health.'
Kourtney Kardashian had a $17 Halloween themed smoothie for Erewhon, an organic grocery store.
'Poolside with POOSH,' she wrote in her caption. 'Ps: x smoothie coming October 15th just in time for spooky season.' 
Fitting the fall aesthetic, this black-and-white-marbled smoothie is a blend of activated charcoal, Harmless Harvest coconut water and coconut yogurt, MALK almond milk, Neocell hyaluronic acid, blk drops (which the brand claims contains trace minerals, electrolytes, antioxidants, amino acids and fulvic minerals), vanilla protein powder, maple syrup, cacao powder, avocado, blueberries, a banana and coconut cream. 
Kourtney Kardashian had a $17 Halloween themed smoothie for Erewhon, an organic grocery store in October 2022
The wife of Travis Barker held it up

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group