It's a Saturday night in Brum and here I am, in a sea of purple glitter and sequins. If I squint I could almost be inside my tween daughter's bedroom but no - it's the Utilita Arena where a sold-out crowd is packed in for night two of Olivia Rodrigo's GUTS world tour.
Her long-awaited nights in our city sold out in minutes and now the excitement of almost 16,000 'Livies' (that's Olivia Rodrigo fans to you and me) has reached fever pitch.
The American singer-songwriter's last visit to Birmingham, back in 2022, saw her perform at the O2 Academy, she later described this as the “ultimate practice” in stagecraft, designed to balance out her rapid rise to fame in 2021. But in the last two years the 21-year-old has gone stratospheric, and the demand for tickets for this latest tour was sky-high. Just this morning resale websites were advertising tickets for this show for a jaw-dropping £400 each.
Read more: Tenacious D at Resorts World Arena review - it was 'completely wild'
Read More: I saw The Smile at O2 Academy - they were amazing but one group of fans nearly ruined the night
But back to tonight; "You have beautiful voices!" she told the hysterical Brum crowd. But truth be told they were already whipped into a frenzy before she'd even set foot on stage, as a video of her walking around 'behind the scenes' played out to deafening screams. And despite that and the scorching heat there was no place i'd have rather been. The former Disney star skipped out with bags of confidence to a feverish audience of mostly young girls - all decked out in the now familiar 'Olivia Rodrigo fan uniform' (strictly black, purple or pink sequinned skirts and Converse, with smatterings of butterflies and sparkles).
Bad Idea Right, Vampire and her overnight viral 2021 lockdown hit Driver's Licence - a piano ballad she wrote when she was just 17 - are performed in the first act. At some points she was in danger of being totally drowned out by her devoted fans who crooned along to every. single. lyric. While in act two Olivia rides around the arena on a glowing half moon prop to sing Logical - about a 'manipulative relationship'.
The intimate pop songs are mixed in with some storming punk-rock bangers - Get Him Back! and Good 4 U, both in the encore, were real standouts. While slow numbers like Making the Bed - which she performed lying flat on the rising stage - and Teenage Dreams, a song about the fear of being over the hill at, again, 17 (just what my 38-year-old self wanted to hear), were just as show-stopping.
In one sweet moment tonight, Olivia handed her guitar pick to a fan after complimenting her top, while another fan gave a handmade beaded bracelet in return. Cue admiration from the rest of the audience.
Wise beyond her years, Olivia's song-writing dissects adolescence, heartbreak, insecurity and bad decisions. Her undeniable talent was on full display tonight to the delight of her adoring fans, who had waited months for this moment and - even after the 90 minute show - were left wanting more. She was absolutely fantastic, her confidence and stage presence shone through as she ran, leapt and bounced across the stage through her string of anthems. Her voice was faultless.
Also, a big shout out to support act - and former American Idol contestant - Remi Wolf, whose half an hour set at the start of the night really brought the house down. At one point she told the audience: "I've never been to Birmingham before. Aren't your canals beautiful?!" Adorable.
After the mad clamber for tickets its fair to say there was a lot riding on tonight's show but it was well worth the wait. And with two best-selling albums, a sold-out tour and three Grammys now under her belt it's clear Olivia will be sticking around for a while, and we're already counting down to her next tour.
You can see Olivia Rodrigo on her GUTS World Tour in London. Tickets can be found on Ticketmaster.
These tickets were gifted as part of the review - but all opinions held are from the writer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.