SOS! It's a Milan Fashion Week disaster
Normani has been a mainstay on the fashion week scene this season. From London to Milan, she's been sitting front row to take in shows from designers including JW Anderson and Roberto Cavalli. And with such a prime position to view the new fashion trends, you bet she's been bringing it with her own ensembles. 
Having previously donned see-through dresses, latex skirts and thong-exposing jumpsuits, the artist has been staying true to form with her fashion week looks so far. Far from playing it safe, her attire has included a lace loungewear set with an oversized puffer coat and a teeny tiny lace negligee dress that can only be described as lingerie. But with such daring, risqué ensembles, it's inevitable Normani would experience a wardrobe malfunction sooner or later...
Well, that time came yesterday at the Moschino SS25 show during Milan Fashion Week when the brown see-through slip dress she was wearing ended up revealing her nipple pasties.
The floaty dress was cut on the bias and fell all the way to Normani's ankles. As well as featuring pearl straps over her shoulders and a second strand acting as a halterneck fastening, further pearl adornments appeared to be at the back of the dress, attached under the skirt. 
Constructed from a totally transparent chiffon fabric, the naked dress clearly showed the brown knickers she wore underneath – hence the need for nipple pasties. Normani finished the look with pearl drop earrings, tinted brown Y2K frame-less sunglasses and silver strappy heeled sandals.
Unfortunately, the straps seemed to have slipped somehow with the neckline of the dress dipping on the right-hand side to expose more than Normani bargained for. The wardrobe malfunction happened while she was sitting on the front row, forcing her to keep one hand clutched to her chest to keep the dress in place as much as possible for the duration of the show.
Normani is hardly the first to experience such a fashion disaster, with Katy Perry suffering a similar fate while on American Idol and Olivia Rodrigo almost losing her top live on stage. But we're pleased to report all three women handled it like total pros, styling out the mishap with ease. We stan a pragmatic queen! 
Follow Alex on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.