The Reformation Winter Sale just got even better.
While the brand gave shoppers 25% off for Black Friday and 50% off when this particular markdown event kicked off in December, it’s now offering up to 70% off a wide assortment of styles.
And from Ref’s famous dresses and cashmere to its wear-everywhere denim and beautiful bags, there are plenty of stellar styles worth snagging for less right now. Some are even under $50!
Below, an assortment of my personal favorites — including several pieces that’ve popped up on celebs. And word to the wise: Ref’s sale styles tend to fly out of stock fast, so add to cart ASAP if you spy something you like.
Party dresses are Ref’s bread and butter for good reason, and this pretty midi’s popped up on Mikey Madison, Sofía Vergara and Sarah Hyland.
Make like Taylor Swift in this perfect little off-the-shoulder mini.
Kendall Jenner practically lives in her black Cynthia jeans — and with multiple washes on sale right now, you really can’t go wrong.
Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo and Selena Gomez have all been spotted in Reformation’s cozy cashmere knits, which are made from 95% recycled fibers.
Olivia Rodrigo’s been (quite literally) spotted in a similar polka-dotted Reformation mini.
This mod little mini’s made its way into Kendall Jenner’s closet.
This standout from actress and style star Laura Harrier’s recent Ref collab would be a great pick for date night.
Take cues from Emily Ratajkowski, Kaia Gerber and Ashley Benson and slip into one of Ref’s versatile bodysuits, which make perfect layering pieces.
Found: the perfect party set.
Reformation’s boots are “It” girl staples, and I love the croc embossing on this knee-high pair.
Nail the quiet luxury look for less with this adorable A-line mini.
Belted bags are one of this season’s biggest trends; we’ve spotted styles similar to this one on the arms of Dua Lipa, Hailey Bieber and Katie Holmes.
This floral midi is one to snag now before wedding season rolls around.
A throw-on-and-go dress you can style so many different ways; try it with a belt, tall boots and a longline blazer for winter.
This chic cap-toed flats look so much more expensive than they are — especially now.
A more polished and professional spin on the classic jean jacket, this is one you’ll wear everywhere.
In case you missed the memo, bootcut jeans are back in a big way — and considering how flattering and leg-lengthening a slight flare can be, I’m not mad about it. And with its higher rise, this pair’s way more sophisticated than its ’90s predecessors.
This article was written by Elana Fishman, founding editor of Page Six Style. Elana applies her celebrity fashion and beauty expertise to shoppable content for fellow fans as the host of video series including Style Trial, Heart to Cart and Beauty Scoop — and by tracking down every Taylor Swift-worn style so you can shop it, too. Elana consults celebrity stylists on the latest street style and red carpet trends, researches which celebrity-backed brands and products are worth it, and chats with the stars themselves for beauty and fashion recommendations. Prior to Page Six Style’s inception in 2018, Elana covered celebrity fashion at Vox Media, Lucky, Marie Claire and Teen Vogue.