Proof that love isn't always embarrassing. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Olivia Rodrigo and Louis Partridge are not embarrassed about their love, just in case anyone was wondering.
The couple hard launched their relationship this weekend at the Venice Film Festival, stepping out together for the premiere of the Apple TV+ limited series DISCLAIMER and even engaging in a little light PDA for the cameras.
On Saturday, Partridge did the honors of making the relationship Instagram official when he shared a romantic, black and white candid of himself and Rodrigo looking absolutely in love at the Venice Film Festival on his Instagram Story.
Olivia Rodrigo and Louis Partridge hard launched their relationship.
Both Rodrigo and Partridge were spotted openly documenting their debut weekend, with Partridge snapping a photo of her at an event celebrating DISCLAIMER's premiere at the festival and Rodrigo not-so-stealthily recording a video of Partridge standing for some applause at the premiere itself. (Again: everything about this hard launch screamed "not even a tiny bit embarrassed, tyvm.")
Louis Partridge and Olivia Rodrigo at Venice Film Festival.
Rodrigo and Partridge were first linked last fall, when they were spotted getting cozy on a walk together in London in October.
Louis Partridge and Olivia Rodrigo at Venice Film Festival.
In December, rumors of a romance between the two seemed to be confirmed when Rodrigo and Partridge were photographed kissing during a day out together in New York City. The PDA came after Partridge was spotted at the Z100 Jingle Ball and Saturday Night Live, where the "Obsessed" singer was performing to promote her latest album, Guts.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Kayleigh Roberts is a freelance writer and editor with over 10 years of professional experience covering entertainment of all genres, from new movie and TV releases to nostalgia, and celebrity news. Her byline has appeared in Marie Claire, Cosmopolitan, ELLE, Harper’s Bazaar, The Atlantic, Allure, Entertainment Weekly, MTV, Bustle, Refinery29, Girls’ Life Magazine, Just Jared, and Tiger Beat, among other publications. She's a graduate of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University.

Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


*Clutches pearls*


Don't mess with Olivia.


I love this so much!


Grimes famously dated Elon Musk on and off for years.


She's okay!!!!


She didn't say who broke her heart, but clues could point to Joshua Bassett.


The singer is also raising money for the National Network of Abortion Funds during her "GUTS World Tour."


She's utilizing the GUTS World Tour to raise funds.


A photo from Olivia Rodrigo's Instagram, showing her outfit for her 21st birthday party.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.