Capital




                
                    Tom Watts
                
                

1am - 5am


Closer

                        

    
    Ne-Yo
    

                    


                        
                            News
                            



5 February 2024, 10:31 | Updated: 5 February 2024, 15:03

        
            By Kathryn  Knight
        
    
The 66th Grammy Awards in 2024 did not disappoint in the fashion department – here’s the best dressed list, including Olivia Rodrigo, Doja Cat, Taylor Swift and more.
The 2024 Grammys delivered yet another dazzling red carpet display from the world’s hottest pop stars, including incredible outfits from the likes of Billie Eilish, Miley Cyrus, Victoria Monet and Doja Cat.
Taylor Swift had another dramatic gown for us to admire as she announced her surprise new album 'Tortured Poets Department' while Lana Del Rey looked chic in a 60’s inspired dress.
Olivia Rodrigo dazzled in beads and Madison Beer served bridal glam, a popular theme at the 66th Grammys. Meanwhile, Blue Ivy Carter, 12, joined her parents Beyoncé and Jay-Z at the event, even joining her dad on stage as he won the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award.
Take a look at the Grammys’ best dressed guests below…
Miley is the queen of switching up her looks and at this year’s Grammys she delivered once again.
She showed up to the red carpet in a barely-there net-inspired dress, with detailed gold embezzlements preserving her modesty.
Later on in the night she changed into a shimmering black halter neck jumpsuit for her performance of 'Flowers'. How her hair stayed so voluminous all through the evening we would love to know.
Olivia kept things classic in her white beaded gown, a floor-length stripy number covered in beads.
She teamed the look with her hair over one shoulder in voluminous waves and a glamorous red lip.
Blue joined her famous parents Beyoncé and Jay-Z at the 66th Grammy Awards, proving she's inherited their fashion credentials in an off-shoulder gown. Bey let her daughter take centre stage in the glamorous gown, choosing to keep a low profile in a white cowboy hat and studded, checkered jacket, with her hair in long bleach blond locks.
A post shared by Victoria Monét (@victoriamonet)
Victoria Monet, who won Best New Artist, had the most adorable plus one, her daughter Hazel, who she matched with in a bronze satin gown.
While Victoria had a flowing, corset-style dress, her daughter had the cutest tiered frock complete with bows in her hair.
Dua defined effortless in her shimmering low-cut gown, a metallic number she let do all the sparkling by keeping her makeup peachy and natural while her hair was in the kind of tousled waves we all dream of having.
Doja knows how to pull off a scroll-stopping outfit and she did not disappoint in her sheer, peach number.
The strapless gown featured a corset style bodice and mesh panels to show off all her inkings.
Another white gown on the red carpet, Taylor had us all convinced her dress was a ‘Reputation – Taylor’s Version’ Easter egg with the black gloves, but that will teach us for clowning because she announced a brand new album instead called ‘Tortured Poets Department’.
Taylor Swift makes Grammy history as female musicians sweep top gongs
Billie continued representing Barbie on the Grammys red carpet, wearing a black and pink varsity jacket ahead of winning Song of the Year for ‘What Was I Made For?’ From the film’s epic soundtrack.
She wore the jacket over a white shirt and black tie, pointing in pictures to her jacket’s Barbie logo.
We want one, Billie!
Lana cut a classy figure in her floral black dress, sticking to her trademark vintage style with voluminous shoulder pads and a full skirt.
Can we also take a minute to admire her perfect full fringe and flawless makeup?!
Another white dress on the Grammys red carpet, Madison lived out all our bridal fantasies in the most dramatic of white gowns.
The silky number was a strapless silhouette, featuring the longest train of the night.
Listen live to Capital, and catch up on any shows you missed, on Global Player.
See more More News
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
See more Exclusive Videos
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
Rihanna
One Direction
News
Dua Lipa
See more Featured Artists