ByIan Westhead  
Ian Westhead  
Analysis of Google Trends data carried out by FreeSpinsTracker.com has revealed searches for the Co-op Live arena have surged by 233% following short notice cancellations.
On Wednesday night (May 1st), fans of rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie were told to walk away from the new arena 10 minutes before showtime due to safety concerns with the newly constructed venue.
Singer Olivia Rodrigo was set to kick off the UK leg of her Guts World Tour at the new music-dedicated venue on the 3rd and 4th of May with two sold-out shows but has been forced to postpone due to the issues. 
The £350m arena was set to open on April 23rd with Peter Kay’s comedy show, Peter Kay Live, but this has been postponed by a month. The new opening was scheduled for May 1st with A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie; it is unknown when the venue will now open.  
Angered fans have been told the venue is ‘closed’ until further notice without having opened. It’s turned out to be more Coop Funerals than Live entertainment. Upcoming shows that were supposed to be held at the arena included Keane – May 5th, Take That – May 7th, Elbow – May 14th, The Black Keys – May 15th, Eric Clapton – May 18th, Barry Manilow – May 19th, Peter Kay – 23rd & 24th May (rescheduled shows), Nicki Minaj – 25th & 30th May and The Eagles – May 31st.

Sandra Hayward at FreeSpinsTracker: 
“Co-op Live had quite the lineup to launch their venue this month, including big names like Nicki Minaj, Take That, and Olivia Rodrigo, and it is incredibly upsetting that delays and safety issues may jeopardise these upcoming concerts. The increase in searches is most definitely from fans who want an update to know if they may face the same fate with shows they are attending”. 

This week Penelope Teeth bites into the soap suds…
Alexis Sakellaris performs at Riverside Studios from May 10th…
Festival2Funky returns for its 12th year…
Sheffield DocFest announces the World Premiere of Kim Hopkins’ Still Pushing Pineapples to open this year’s festival on 18...
The next in the series of ATV Icons to celebrate 70 years of ITV is ‘Mr...
Copyright © ATV Network Limited / ATV Today UK