By 

	Meredith Woerner

Deputy Editor, Variety.com

Chappell Roan joined Olivia Rodrigo on stage for the latter’s “Guts” tour concert at the Intuit Dome in Inglewood, Calif., on Tuesday night. 

	“I think she is one of the most singular, inspiring, powerful artists I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting, and I’m so excited because she’s gonna sing one of my favorite songs of all time,” Rodrigo told the crowd before welcoming Roan.

	After walking across the stage and giving Rodrigo a hug, Roan said at the “Guts” L.A. show: “We’re gonna sing a song, and we’re gonna teach you a dance.” 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					'Golden Bachelor' Renewed for Season 2 With Mel Owens Set to Star		
			








	The two singers proceeded to sing a duet of Roan’s “Hot to Go!,” during which Roan and Rodrigo hopped together and performed the signature dance to the hit song.
Chappell Roan joins Olivia Rodrigo on the stage at her #Guts world tour in Los Angeles. pic.twitter.com/WKfHuyjjBC

	These last shows are the final leg of Rodrigo’s U.S. dates before jetting off to Thailand, South Korea, China, Japan, Singapore and Australia for the latter half of the year. Roan’s appearance puts a lovely button on Rodrigo’s U.S. tour as the singer originally opened on the Guts World Tour all the way back in February of 2024. Roan’s run would end in April, clearing the road for absolutely jam-packed shows at for the newcomer at Coachella, Bonnaroo, Governors Ball and Outside Lands.

	The duo met through producer Dan Nigro who is Rodrigo’s longtime collaborator, producing partner and writer. Together Rodrigo and Nigro have created many of her top songs, including the recent “Guts” hits “Vampire,” “Bad Idea Right?,” and “Pretty Isn’t Pretty.” Nigro and Roan have been working together since 2020, and recently released the exceptionally popular track, “Good Luck, Babe.”
The Business of Entertainment