By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:13, 10 November 2024   |  Updated:  09:25, 5 December 2024   
 20
View  comments
The beauty of live performances is that you never really know what is going to happen, and sometimes things don't always go to plan. 
Even the biggest stars aren't immune to the unfortunate and embarrassing moment of a stage fall and thanks to social media they always go viral. 
Chris Martin became the latest star to fall victim to the nasty stage fall after he dramatically fell through a trap door on stage in Melbourne last weekend. 
However he isn't the first celebrity to take a tumble. 
From pop sensations Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish, to rockstar Dave Grohl, and the iconic Gemma Collins, here MailOnline take a look back at the most dramatic celebrity stage falls. 
From pop sensations Olivia Rodrigo and Chris Martin and the iconic Gemma Collins (pictured): We take a look back at the most dramatic stage falls and embarrassing tumbles
Chris Martin had Australian fans on the edge of their seat when he dramatically fell through a trap door on stage. 
Coldplay fourth and final Melbourne date on their Music of the Spheres tour became memorable for the perhaps the wrong reason after the singer tripped during the sold out show.
Chris, 47, was reading out audience signs and walking backwards during a break in the show when he tumbled through a hole in front of the shocked crowd. 
In footage shared to social media, the concertgoers are heard gasping as the star stumbled out of view and fell in front of the packed audience at Marvel Stadium.
The Yellow singer was then heard reassuring fans, 'That's not planned', before adding, 'Thank you for catching me' to a production hand underneath the stage. 
Yet ever the professional, Chris brushed himself off and continued with the performance.  
Chris Martin had Australian fans on the edge of their seat when he dramatically fell through a trap door on stage during last weekend's show in Melbourne  
In footage shared to social media, the concertgoers are heard gasping as the star stumbled out of view and fell in front of the packed audience at Marvel Stadium 
Something seems to be in the air in Australia after Olivia Rodrigo also suffered an embarrassing moment when she fell through the stage during the final Melbourne show on her Australian Guts tour.
The pop star, 21, took to the stage in front of around 14,000 fans at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena for her usual high-energy performance. 
However fans were left horrified during one tense moment when she suddenly fell through a hole in the stage.
The American singer was hyping up the crowds and running across the stage with her microphone to hear them cheering when the unfortunate mishap occurred.
In video footage shared to social media fans could be heard gasping in horror as Olivia disappeared through a floor hatch, which had seemingly been accidentally left open from an earlier entrance.
Thankfully, Olivia managed to catch her hands on the edge of the stage and clamber back up on stage, sharing her shock at the unexpected fall with the crowds.
Sounding shaken, she assured her fans she was unharmed as she said: 'Oh my God! That was fun, I'm OK! Sometimes there is just a hole in the stage, OK... where was I?'
She quickly recovered from the dramatic fall and carried on with her performance as she proved herself to be every inch the professional. 
Something seems to be in the air in Australia after Olivia Rodrigo also suffered an embarrassing moment when she fell through the stage during the final Melbourne show on her Australian Guts tour 
If anyone can dust themselves off from a viral stage fall it is the GC. 
The former TOWIE star, 43, was left red-faced after she suffered a major fail at the BBC Radio 1 Teen Award back in 2017 when she fell through a trap door on stage.
In what has become an unforgettable television moment, the reality star took to the stage to announce Love Island as the winner for Best TV Show when she was taken by surprise at the SSE Arena and fell into the hole.
Not realising that the stage beside her had dropped down, Gemma began to dance and twirl around to Ariana Grande's Into You when she accidentally fell on top of ITV2 stars Jamie Jewitt, Amber Davies and Marcel Somerville.
Jamie and Marcel quickly turned to help get Gemma back to her feet as the stage continued to raise up while Amber greeted the SSE Arena.
Putting on a brave face, the ITV darling reassured the 12,500 concert goers that she was OK following the nasty tumble.
She called out to packed out crowd: 'Oh my god. Guys sorry about that. This is live, this is what happens.'
In what has become an unforgettable television moment, the reality star was presenting an award at the Radio 1 Teen Awards when she was taken by surprise and fell into the hole
Last month Billie Eilish also suffered a nasty fall during a major live gig at Madison Square Garden for her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour. 
The hitmaker took a tumble in front of thousands of fans after she fell down the stairs during her encore. 
The singer was making her way down some stairs inside the NYC venue, when she lost her footing and crashed to the floor.
She reposted footage of the fall on social media before sharing a photo of her bruised leg, captioning the photo 'but literally'.
Last month Billie Eilish also suffered a nasty fall during a major live gig at Madison Square Garden for her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour as she shared a snap of her bruised leg  
In one of the most dramatic stage falls Foo Fighter frontman Dave Grohl broke his leg after falling off the stage during a gig in Sweden back in 2015. 
The band were only performing the second song of their set when the rockstar fell off the stage and was left lying on the ground for several minutes before being taken back stage.
While he waited for medical attention he told the audience: 'Hey, ladies and gentlemen, I love you too motherf******. Now look I think I just broke my leg. I think I really broke leg.'
He added: 'So look, you have my promise, right now, that the Foo Fighters, we're gonna come back and finish the show. 
'Ladies and gentlemen, right now I'm gonna go to the hospital. I'm gonna fix my leg.' 
As the audience clapped and whistled he added: 'But then I am going to come back, and we are gonna play for you again. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. We are gonna do it.'
The rockstar did his best to soldier on after the painful accident, and even carried on singing for a short time.
In one of the most dramatic stage falls Foo Fighter frontman Dave Grohl broke his leg after falling off the stage during a gig in Sweden back in 2015
Metallica's lead singer suffered a nasty fall after heh fell into an open trap door during a show in Amsterdam back in 2017. 
The musician, now 61, was playing a guitar segment in Now That We're Dead when he unexpectedly took a tumble down the hole in the stage. 
'Is everybody ok?' James asked the crowd after recovering from his fall as he joked: 'Yes, I'm ok. My ego, not so much. But we're fine. Hurt my feelings a little bit.'
The star tripped on one of four openings that allowed tables of percussion to be lifted onto the stage from below. 
James climbed out of the whole with help from crew members and continued on with the show. 
Metallica's lead singer suffered a nasty fall after heh fell into an open trap door during a show in Amsterdam back in 2017 (pictured in 2012) 
It is not just the unexpected presence of trap doors that can cause chaos, but also their failure to open. 
During a theatrical moment in Taylor Swift's Eras tour, the singer takes a pool-like dive head-first off of the stage, exiting through a gap in the floor.
Disappearing in the most extravagant way, Taylor left fans in the audience in awe after she first debuted the stunt. 
However, things didn't quite go to plan during her show in Tampa Florida as she missed her cue for the iconic dive after the trap door failed to open. 
Realising her escape route hadn't opened up, Taylor was seen exclaiming: 'What the f**k' as she laughed with the audience, before adding 'one more time' and successfully diving off stage. 
It is not just the unexpected presence of trap doors that can cause chaos, but also their failure to open, after Taylor Swift was caught off guard  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group