By CONNIE RUSK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:25, 4 April 2024   |  Updated:  00:45, 5 April 2024   
 3
View  comments
Ella Purnell caught the eye as she joined a slew of reality stars at a special screening of her new Amazon Prime series, Fallout. 
Ahead of the release on April 12, the actress, 27, headed to the Television Centre to celebrate the show's launch. 
Fallout is based on the popular video game series with Ella taking on the role of vault dweller Lucy. 
Ella showed off her individual style in a blue satin pearl co-ord which showed off her long legs. She layered it with a black top and teased a hint of her underwear underneath the shorts. 
Love Island star Demi Jones, 27, showed off her bronzed tan in a figure-hugging strapless nude dress which had a feather trim.  
Ella Purnell caught the eye as she joined a slew of reality stars at a special screening of her new Amazon Prime series, Fallout
Ahead of the release on April 12, the actress, 27, headed to the Television Centre to celebrate the show's launch alongside the likes of Love Island's Demi Jones 
TOWIE star Chloe Meadows, 32, rocked a pair of suede cowboy boots with a black babydoll while Too Hot To Handle's Nicole O'Brien, 28, flashed her abs in a black co-ord
TOWIE star Chloe Meadows, 32, rocked a pair of suede cowboy boots with a black babydoll dress while Too Hot To Handle's Nicole O'Brien, 28, flashed her abs in a black co-ord. 
Other stars attending included Love Island Chyna Mills, Jonathan Ross and Walton Goggins, who stars in the show. 
The series is set in a post-apocalyptic Los Angeles, within the world of the Fallout video game series which will be part of the canon of the games.
The story takes place two-hundred years after the apocalypse, where, 'the gentle denizens of luxury fallout shelters are forced to return to the irradiated hellscape their ancestors left behind—and are shocked to discover an incredibly complex, gleefully weird, and highly violent universe waiting for them.'
Walton's character The Ghoul works in the Wasteland as a bounty hunter, described as, 'pragmatic, ruthless, and hides a mysterious past.'
Ella's character's Lucy is described as 'an optimistic Vault Dweller with an all-American, can-do spirit,' though her, 'peaceful and idealistic nature is tested when people harm her loved ones'.
Aaron Moten's Maximus is described as a young soldier who, 'hides his tragic past as he serves in a militaristic faction called Brotherhood of Steel.'
Maximus also, 'believes in the nobility of the Brotherhood's mission to bring law and order to the Wasteland—and will do anything to further their goals.'
Ella showed off her individual style in a blue satin pearl co-ord which showed off her long legs
She layered it with a black top and teased a hint of her underwear underneath the shorts
The series is set in a post-apocalyptic Los Angeles, within the world of the Fallout video game series which will be part of the canon of the games
Ella posed a photo with Aaron Moten, who rocked a pale blue suit. Aaron's character Maximus is described as a young soldier
Jonathan rocked a leopard print jacket and jeans 
The presenter, 63, appeared in high spirits as he posed for photos 
Westworld creators Johnathan Nolan and Lisa Joy also serve as executive producers, with Nolan directing the first three episodes.
Athena Wickham of Nolan and Joy's Kilter Films also executive produces, along with Todd Howard for Bethesda Game Studios and James Altman for Bethesda Softworks.
The video game series debuted in 1997, followed quickly by Fallout 2 in 1998, Fallout 3 in 2008 and Fallout 4 in 2015, with Fallout 5 rumoured to be coming in 2030.
There have also been a number of spin-offs including Fallout: New Vegas, Fallout Shelter and Fallout 76.
Kyle MacLachlan (left) and Walton Goggins (right) beamed as they posed for photos. Kyle plays Lucy' father Hank, the Overseer of Vault 33, who, 'is eager to change the world for the better
Rania Pugholm rocked a strapless black lace dress with thigh-high slit 
Anna Maynard (left)  and Alex Murphy (right) also headed to the special screening 
Olivia Cox put on a leggy display in a floral minidress with black court heels 
The Apprentice star Sian Gabbidon opted to go braless in a plunging jumpsuit which she teamed with a Balenciaga bag 
She posed for a photo with Clint Gordon 
Chyna Mills took a night off from parenting duties in a slinky grey dress 
 Ella's character  Lucy is described as, ' an optimistic Vault Dweller with an all-American, can-do spirit'
Kyle plays Lucy' father Hank, the Overseer of Vault 33, who, 'is eager to change the world for the better.'
The series is based on the wildly-popular video game series created by Tim Crain, which has record-setting sales and dozens of Game of the Year awards.
The series also stars Moisés Arias, Sarita Choudhury, Michael Emerson, Leslie Uggams, Frances Turner, Dave Register, Zach Cherry, Johnny Pemberton, Rodrigo Luzzi, Annabel O'Hagan and Xelia Mendes-Jones.
Geneva Robertson-Dworet (Tomb Raider, Captain Marvel) and Graham Wagner (Silicon Valley, Portlandia) created the series and will serve as showrunners and executive producers.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group