By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:12, 7 April 2024   |  Updated:  21:16, 7 April 2024   
 12
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo was upbeat and fresh-faced as she grabbed lunch in New York City.
The sighting comes after the Vampire singer, 21, played a sold-out concert at Madison Square Garden Friday night. 
Olivia looked happy as she shared laughs with her best friend Conan Grey.
The Driver's License hitmaker wore a graphic t-shirt with a green and black Harlequin print skirt, black coat, sheer black hose, white crew socks and chunky Mary Jane-style shoes.
The outing comes after she welcomed Stick Season singer Noah Kahan, 27, on stage with her on Friday night at MSG.
Olivia Rodrigo was upbeat and fresh-faced as she grabbed lunch in New York City 
The sighting comes after the Vampire singer, 21, played to a sold-out crowd at Madison Square Garden Friday night
Olivia shared a video clip of the two singers performing his hit song Stick Season.
'Stick season at madison square garden. @noahkahanmusic is the greatest of allllll time !!!!!!' she captioned the video of their duet.
In the comments section, Kahan gushed: "Better than the original!! Olivia you’re a star best show I’ve ever seen.'
The Vermont native wore a blonde wig to go incognito at the All-American B*tch singer's concert.
Noah shared photos from backstage at the show, including one of him in the wig.  
'Sometimes you need a disguise to watch the best show on earth and that’s just how it is. Endlessly honored to have joined you last night @oliviarodrigo,' the Northern Attitude singer wrote on X (formerly Twitter).
He also wrote in a separate post: 'Olivia rodrigo is such a special talent and person and I just can’t thank her and her band and team for inviting me to sing tonight. You deserve it all @oliviarodrigo.'
Olivia, who is now poised to become one of the world's biggest pop sensations following the smash debut of her album Sour in 2021 and Guts last year, kicked off her second concert tour in February.
Olivia looked happy as she shared laughs with her best friend Conan Grey
The Driver's License hitmaker wore a graphic t-shirt with a green and black Harlequin print skirt, black coat, sheer black hose, white crew socks and chunky Mary Jane-style shoes
The outing comes after she welcomed Stick Season singer Noah Kahan, 27, on stage with her on Friday night
Olivia shared a video clip of the two singers performing his hit song Stick Season
'Stick season at madison square garden. @noahkahanmusic is the greatest of allllll time !!!!!!' she captioned the video of their duet
Olivia, who is now poised to become one of the world's biggest pop sensations following the smash debut of her album Sour in 2021 and Guts last year, kicked off her second concert tour in February
Her tour, which spans 77 stops across North America and Europe, will conclude in Los Angeles at the Kia Forum in August
The Vermont native wore a blonde wig to go incognito at the All-American B*tch singer's show. 'Sometimes you need a disguise to watch the best show on earth and that’s just how it is,' he began
'Endlessly honored to have joined you last night @oliviarodrigo,' the Northern Attitude singer wrote on X (formerly Twitter)
He also wrote in a separate post: 'Olivia rodrigo is such a special talent and person and I just can’t thank her and her band and team for inviting me to sing tonight. You deserve it all @oliviarodrigo'
The friends also recorded a special version of Stick Season. 'Stick Season/lacy - FROM THE @bbcradio1 LIVE LOUNGE is being released for #RecordStoreDay2024 on 4.20!,' Noah captioned his post
'Stick Season/lacy - FROM THE @bbcradio1 LIVE LOUNGE is being released for #RecordStoreDay2024 on 4.20,' Olivia captioned her post
Her tour, which spans 77 stops across North America and Europe, will conclude in Los Angeles at the Kia Forum in August. 
Olivia's fans often speculate who here emotional lyrics are about, scouring through her past relationships for clues.
However, in 2023, she told The Guardian, 'I never want to say who my songs are about... I've never done that before in my career and probably won’t.'
She added: 'I think it’s better to not pigeonhole a song to being about this one thing.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group