By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:11, 2 April 2024   |  Updated:  15:53, 2 April 2024   
 35
View  comments
Beyoncé had all eyes on her as she strutted on stage at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards on Monday to receive the coveted Innovator Award.
The 42-year-old singer–songwriter was presented with the honorary prize by another living legend, Stevie Wonder, 73, at the eleventh-annual ceremony.
The hitmaker was being honored in the wake of her record-breaking release of her album Cowboy Carter, a sequel of sorts to her chart-topping Renaissance and her first album to feature several country-styled songs.
Beyoncé channeled her recent country influences with her striking black leather Western-style suit from Versace, which she complemented with a gold-adorned cowboy hat. 
The awards show, held at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on Monday evening, honors the artists and songs who were most played on iHeartRadio stations and the app.
Beyoncé had all eyes on her as she strutted on stage at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards on Monday to receive the coveted Innovator Award
The 42-year-old singer–songwriter was presented with the honorary prize by another living legend, Stevie Wonder, 73, at the eleventh-annual ceremony
Beyoncé stunned in a countrified black leather suit from Versace, along with a matching cowboy hat to celebrate her new country-inflected album Cowboy Carter
She was dressed in a busty black leather top decorated with gold medallions featuring Versace's Medusa logo.
The top was cinched around her trim waist with multiple thick belts, and she wore a complementary set of black leather pants with intricate designs in beads and studs running up the side of her legs.
Beyoncé stood tall in a pair of pointy black cowboy boots, and the long, wavy blond locks that she has recently been wearing to promote her album flowed out from under her gold-adorned black hat.  
As he introduced Beyoncé, Stevie Wonder sang her praises while listing some of her earlier iconic accomplishments, including her 2013 self-titled visual album, her 2016 album Lemonade — which was accompanied by a feature-length film of the same name — and her 2022 chart-topper Renaissance, along with a collaborative LP with her husband Jay-Z, a Lion King soundtrack and two acclaimed concert films.
Beyoncé looked over the moon as she walked up to the iconic singer–songwriter for a hug, before she whispered something into his ear while the crowd roared.
As she turned to the microphone, she told Wonder: 'I love you' and 'I honor you.'
'I want to thank you for making a way for all of us,' she told him, adding, 'Whenever anyone asks me if there's anything I can listen to for the rest of my life, It's always you.'
She also shared that Wonder had recently helped her out on her Cowboy Carter album by playing the harmonica on her rewritten cover of Dolly Parton's country classic Jolene. 
'Tonight, you call me an innovator, and for that I'm very grateful,' she continued as she addressed the audience and the awards body and described her creative process.
'Innovation starts with a dream. But then you have to execute that dream, and that road can be very bumpy,' she explained. 'Being an innovator is seeing what everyone believes is impossible. Being an innovator often means being criticized, which often will test your mental strength.'
Beyoncé also urged 'all the record labels, every radio station, every award show' to be more willing to share innovative music from artists, rather than focusing on safe, middle-of-the-road music.
The hitmaker was being honored in the wake of her record-breaking release of Cowboy Carter, a sequel of sorts to her chart-topping Renaissance and her first album to feature several country-styled songs
Beyoncé looked over the moon as she walked up to the iconic singer–songwriter for a hug, before she whispered something into his ear while the crowd roared
'I want to thank you for making a way for all of us,' she told him, adding, 'Whenever anyone asks me if there's anything I can listen to for the rest of my life, It's always you'
She also shared that Wonder had recently helped her out on her Cowboy Carter album by playing the harmonica on her rewritten cover of Dolly Parton's country classic Jolene
Song of the Year:
'Kill Bill' - SZA - WINNER 
Innovator Award: Beyonce - WINNER
Pop Album of the Year:  Olivia Rodrigo, GUTS - WINNER
(New for 2024) Pop Song of the Year:
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus - WINNER
Artist of the Year:
Taylor Swift- WINNER
Beyonce wins the Innovator Award at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards
(New for 2024) Pop Artist of the Year:
Taylor Swift - WINNER
Innovator Award: Beyonce - WINNER
Icon Award: Cher - WINNER
Landmark Award: Green Day - WINNER
Duo/Group of the Year:
 OneRepublic - WINNER
'My hope is that we're more open to the joy and liberation that comes from enjoying art, with no preconceived notions,' she continued.
Beyoncé concluded her brief acceptance speech by praising other artists who had influenced and inspired her over the years, including, Rosetta Tharpe, Tracy Chapman, Linda Martell, Prince, Stevie Wonder, André 3000, Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, and 'so many more who defy any label placed on them.'
She also included a shoutout for her husband Jay-Z, who is referenced on Cowboy Carter, whom she called 'my rock [and] best friend' and added, 'I love you.'
She also mentioned her 'three beautiful children' — Blue Ivy, 12, and six-year-old twins Sir and Rumi — 'who continue to be my inspiration and my biggest blessing.'
Beyoncé was honored at the iHeartRadio Music Awards just days after releasing Cowboy Carter, which she previously announced during a Super Bowl commercial.
She describes it as 'Act II' of a trilogy she has teased, which began with Renaissance, which was inspired by dance music and LGBTQ innovators, though so far there is no indication of what the concluding volume will sound like.
Ludacris hosted the celeb-packed affair, and Beyoncé and Cher received awards recognizing their contributions to music. The Queen Bey was awarded the iHeartRadio Innovator Award while Cher received the Icon Award.
In addition to seeing their favorite artists win awards, viewers were treated to an array of performances by Justin Timberlake, Tate McRae, Green Day, Jelly Roll and TLC. 
The ceremony can be watched on FOX and heard on various iHeartRadio stations and on the iHeartRadio app. 
Beyoncé's top was cinched around her trim waist with multiple thick belts, and she wore a complementary set of black leather pants with intricate designs in beads and studs running up the side of her legs
She stood tall in a pair of pointy black cowboy boots, and the long, wavy blond locks that she has recently been wearing to promote her album flowed out from under her gold-adorned black hat
'Tonight, you call me an innovator, and for that I'm very grateful,' she continued as she addressed the audience and the awards body and described her creative process
'Innovation starts with a dream. But then you have to execute that dream, and that road can be very bumpy,' she explained. 'Being an innovator is seeing what everyone believes is impossible. Being an innovator often means being criticized, which often will test your mental strength.'
Speaking with People about the awards show, Ludacris raved:  'When it comes to iHeart, it's all about energy. It's all about [viewers] seeing their favorite artists. It's about blowing the roof off of this venue, man,' he said. 'I think that it's just going to be fun because you have a great variety of people in here as well, so it should be good. And it's right after Easter, so come on, man.'
He explained he was looking forward to the 'variety' the show had to offer.
'I love that you got Jelly Roll on here, you got Lainey Wilson, you got Justin Timberlake. I'm not only hosting, but humbly speaking, I'm also performing. I just want to be a part of greatness. It's so much talent, so much energy and so much stuff to look forward to — and some surprises as well,' he said.
Nominations for the ceremony were announced back in January, with Taylor Swift, Jelly Roll, 21 Savage, SZA and Olivia Rodrigo leading the nominations.
Artists receiving multiple nominations include 21 Savage, Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Blink-182, Carin León, David Kushner, Doechii, Doja Cat, Drake, Dua Lipa, Fall Out Boy, Foo Fighters, Grupo Frontera, Ice Spice and Jelly Roll.
Also on the list is Jung Kook, Karol G, Lil Durk, Luke Combs, Megan Moroney, Metro Boomin, Miley Cyrus, Morgan Wallen, Noah Kahan, Olivia Rodrigo, Paramore, Peso Pluma, Rema, Selena Gomez, Shakira and SZA.
The Weeknd, Tyla, Usher and Yng Lvcas round out the list.
Song of the Year nominees include: Calm Down by Rema and Selena Gomez; Creepin' by Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage; Cruel Summer by Taylor Swift; Dance The Night by Dua Lipa; Fast Car by Luke Combs; Flowers by Miley Cyrus; Kill Bill by SZA; Last Night by Morgan Wallen; Paint The Town Red by Doja Cat; and Vampire by Olivia Rodrigo.
Tom Poleman, Chief Programming Officer for iHeartMedia, said at the time: 'Our iHeartRadio Music Awards are special because they're truly reflective of what listeners love. 
'We're excited to share the journey on how they became the biggest songs and celebrate these amazing artists with music fans across the nation together LIVE from Los Angeles.'
Fans will also be given the chance to decide winners in a number of new and established categories including Best Lyrics, Best Music Video and more. 
The ceremony will also provide a sneak peek of 2024's upcoming hits, along with surprise guests, collaborations and the stories of the artists who reached number one. 
Beyoncé also urged 'all the record labels, every radio station, every award show' to be more willing to share innovative music from artists, rather than focusing on safe, middle-of-the-road music
She concluded with shoutouts for Jay-Z, whom she called her 'rock,' and her three children, Blue Ivy, 12, and twins Sir and Rumi, six
Since the iHeartRadio Music Awards' inception in 2013, the show has included live performances and appearances by superstar artists such as Alicia Keys, Ariana Grande, Blake Shelton and many others.
'The iHeartRadio Music Awards is a night where we celebrate the biggest artists and songs fans loved listening to on the radio all year long,' said John Sykes, President of Entertainment Enterprises for iHeartMedia.
'We'll also share stories from the artists themselves about their hard-fought journeys to the top of the charts.'
Social voting began January 18, and closed on March 25 for all categories. 
Song of the Year:
'Calm Down' - Rema and Selena Gomez
'Creepin'' - Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage
'Cruel Summer' - Taylor Swift
'Dance The Night' - Dua Lipa
'Fast Car' - Luke Combs
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus
'Kill Bill' - SZA - WINNER 
'Last Night'- Morgan Wallen
'Paint The Town Red' - Doja Cat
'vampire' - Olivia Rodrigo
Innovator Award: Beyonce - WINNER
Icon Award: Cher - WINNER
Landmark Award: Green Day - WINNER
Pop Album of the Year:  Olivia Rodrigo, GUTS - WINNER
(New for 2024) Pop Song of the Year:
'Calm Down' - Rema and Selena Gomez
'Cruel Summer' - Taylor Swift
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus - WINNER
'Kill Bill' - SZA
'vampire' - Olivia Rodrigo
(New for 2024) Pop Artist of the Year:
Doja Cat
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
SZA
Taylor Swift - WINNER
Artist of the Year:
Drake
Jelly Roll
Luke Combs
Miley Cyrus
Morgan Wallen
Olivia Rodrigo
Shakira
SZA
Taylor Swift- WINNER
Usher
Duo/Group of the Year:
(G)I-DLE
Blink-182
Dan + Shay
Fall Out Boy
Foo Fighters
Jonas Brothers
Måneskin
OneRepublic - WINNER
Paramore
Parmalee
Best Collaboration:
'All My Life' - Lil Durk ft. J. Cole
'Barbie World (with Aqua)' - Nicki Minaj and Ice Spice
'Boy's a liar Pt.2' - PinkPantheress and Ice Spice
'Calm Down'- Rema and Selena Gomez - WINNER
'Creepin'' - Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage
'Good Good' – Usher, Summer Walker and 21 Savage
'Rich Flex' - Drake and 21 Savage
'Thank God' - Kane Brown and Katelyn Brown
'Tomorrow 2' – GloRilla with Cardi B
'TQG' - Karol G and Shakira
Best New Artist (Pop):
David Kushner
Doechii
Jelly Roll - WINNER
Rema
Stephen Sanchez
Country Song of the Year:
'Fast Car' - Luke Combs
'Heart Like A Truck' - Lainey Wilson - WINNER
'Last Night' - Morgan Wallen
'Rock and A Hard Place' - Bailey Zimmerman
'Thank God' - Kane Brown and Katelyn Brown
Country Artist of the Year:
Jason Aldean
Jelly Roll
Lainey Wilson
Luke Combs
Morgan Wallen - WINNER
Best New Artist (Country):
Corey Kent
Jackson Dean
Jelly Roll - WINNER
Megan Moroney
Nate Smith
Hip-Hop Album of the Year
Metro Boomin - Heroes & Villians - WINNER
Hip-Hop Song of the Year:
'All My Life'- Lil Durk ft. J. Cole - WINNER
'fukumean'- Gunna
'Just Wanna Rock' - Lil Uzi Vert
'Rich Flex' - Drake and 21 Savage
'Tomorrow 2'- GloRilla with Cardi B
Hip-Hop Artist of the Year:
21 Savage
Drake - WINNER
Future
Gunna
Lil Durk
Best New Artist (Hip-Hop):
Doechii
Ice Spice - WINNER
Lola Brooke
Sexyy Red
Young Nudy
R&B Album of the Year:
SZA, SOS - WINNER
R&B Song of the Year:
'Creepin''- Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage
'CUFF IT'- Beyoncé
'Good Good' – Usher, Summer Walker and 21 Savage
'On My Mama' - Victoria Monét
'Snooze'- SZA - WINNER
R&B Artist of the Year:
Beyoncé
Brent Faiyaz
Chris Brown
SZA - WINNER
Usher
Best African Music Artist:
Burna Boy - WINNER
Rema
Tems
Tyla
Wizkid
Best New Artist (R&B):
Coco Jones
Fridayy
Kenya Vaun
October London
Victoria Monét - WINNER
Alternative Album of the Year
Boygenius - The Record — WINNER 
Alternative Song of the Year:
'Lost' - Linkin Park
'Love From The Other Side' - Fall Out Boy
'One More Time'- Blink-182 - WINNER
'Rescued'- Foo Fighters
'This Is Why'- Paramore
Alternative Artist of the Year:
Blink-182
Fall Out Boy - WINNER
Foo Fighters
Green Day
Paramore
Best New Artist (Alt and Rock):
Bad Omens
HARDY
Jelly Roll
Lovejoy
Noah Kahan - WINNER
Rock Album of the Year
Metallica - 72 Seasons - WINNER 
Rock Song of the Year:
'72 Seasons' - Metallica
'Dead Don't Die'- Shinedown
'Lost' - Linkin Park - WINNER
'Need A Favor' - Jelly Roll
'Rescued' - Foo Fighters
Rock Artist of the Year:
Disturbed
Foo Fighters - WINNER
Jelly Roll
Metallica
Shinedown
Dance Song of the Year:
'10:35'- Tiësto ft. Tate McRae
'Baby Don't Hurt Me' - David Guetta, Anne-Marie and Coi Leray
'Padam Padam' - Kylie Minogue
'Praising You' - Rita Ora ft. Fatboy Slim
'Strangers' - Kenya Grace - WINNER
Dance Artist of the Year:
Anabel Englund
David Guetta
Illenium
Kylie Minogue
Tiësto - WINNER
Latin Pop / Urban Song of the Year:
'La Bachata' - Manuel Turizo
'La Bebe (remix)' - Yng Lvcas and Peso Pluma
'Lala'- Myke Towers
'Shakira: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 53'- Shakira and Bizarrap - WINNER
'TQG'- Karol G and Shakira
Latin Pop / Urban Artist of the Year:
Bad Bunny
Feid
Karol G - WINNER
Manuel Turizo
Shakira
Best New Artist (Latin Pop / Urban):
Bad Gyal
GALE
Mora
Yng Lvcas
Young Miko - WINNER
Regional Mexican Song of the Year:
'Bebe Dame'- Fuerza Regida and Grupo Frontera
'Ella Baila Sola' - Eslabon Armado and Peso Pluma - WINNER
'Indispensable' - Carin León
'Qué Onda Perdida' - Grupo Firme ft. Gerardo Coronel
'Qué Vuelvas'- Carin León and Grupo Frontera
Regional Mexican Artist of the Year:
Calibre 50
Carin León
El Fantasma
Grupo Frontera
Peso Pluma - WINNER
Best New Artist (Regional Mexican):
Gabito Ballesteros
Gerardo Coronel
Grupo Frontera
Junior H
Peso Pluma - WINNER
K-pop Album of the Year
Stray Kids - 5 Star - WINNER 
(New for 2024) K-pop Artist of the Year:
(G)I-DLE
Jung Kook - WINNER
NCT Dream
Seventeen
Stray Kids
(New for 2024) K-pop Song of the Year:
'Bouncy (K-Hot Chilli Peppers)' - ATEEZ
'Cupid (Twin Version)'- FIFTY FIFTY - WINNER
'S-Class' - Stray Kids
'Seven' Jung Kook ft. Latto
'Super Shy' - NewJeans
(New for 2024) Best New Artist (K-pop):
BOYNEXTDOOR
NewJeans - WINNER
RIIZE
xikers
ZEROBASEONE
Producer of the Year:
Carter Lang
Dan Nigro
Jack Antonoff - WINNER
Kid Harpoon
Rob Bisel
Metro Boomin
Songwriter of the Year:
Aldae
Ashley Gorley - WINNER
J Kash
Jack Antonoff
Michael Ross Pollack
Best Lyrics: *Socially Voted Category
'Dial Drunk'- Noah Kahan
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus
'Greedy'- Tate McRae
'Houdini'- Dua Lipa
'Is It Over Now? (Taylor's Version)'- Taylor Swift - WINNER
'Last Night'- Morgan Wallen
'Lovin On Me'- Jack Harlow
'Nonsense'- Sabrina Carpenter
'Paint The Town Red'- Doja Cat
'vampire'- Olivia Rodrigo
'Water'- Tyla
'What Was I Made For?'- Billie Eilish
Best Music Video: *Socially Voted Category
'3D'- Jung Kook ft. Jack Harlow
'Dance The Night'- Dua Lipa
'FLOWER'- JISOO
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus
'I'm Good (Blue)' - Bebe Rexha and David Guetta
'Kill Bill'- SZA
'La Bebe (Remix)'- Yng Lvcas and Peso Pluma
'Paint The Town Red'- Doja Cat
'Seven'- Jung Kook ft. Latto - WINNER
'TQG'- Karol G and Shakira
'vampire'- Olivia Rodrigo
'What Was I Made For?'- Billie Eilish
Best Fan Army: *Socially Voted Category 
Agnation
ATINY
Barbz
Beyhive
BTS Army - WINNER
Harries
Livies
Louies
Niallers
Rushers
Selenators
Swifties
Social Star Award: *Socially Voted Category 
Alex Warren
David Kushner
Flyana Boss
Gracie Abrams - WINNER
Jessie Murph
Megan Moroney
Natalie Jane
Noah Kahan
Favorite Tour Photographer: *Socially Voted Category 
Alfredo Flores - Sabrina Carpenter
Anna Lee - Coldplay
Carianne Older - Charlie Puth
Catherine Powell - Kelsea Ballerini
Cynthia Parkhurst - Jonas Brothers
David Lehr - Morgan Wallen
Joshua Halling - Louis Tomlinson - WINNER
Mason Poole - Beyoncé
Matty Vogel - Misterwives
Ravie B - Adele
Ryan Fleming – 5 Seconds of Summer
Sanjay Parikh - Shinedown
Favorite On Screen (New for 2024): *Socially Voted Category
'j-hope IN THE BOX' - WINNER
'Love To Love You, Donna Summer'
Louis Tomlinson 'All of Those Voices'
'Prince: The Final Secret'
'Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé'
'Save Me' Jelly Roll
'Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour'
'TLC Forever'
TikTok Bop of the Year: *Socially Voted Category 
'Boy's a liar Pt. 2'- PinkPantheress and Ice Spice
'Collide (Sped Up Remix)'- Justine Skye
'Cruel Summer'- Taylor Swift - WINNER
'Cupid (Twin Version)'- FIFTY FIFTY
'Daylight'- David Kushner
'Her Way (Sped Up)'- Party Next Door
'If We Ever Broke Up'- Mae Stephens
'Paint The Town Red'- Doja Cat
'Water'- Tyla
'What It Is (Solo Version)'- Doechii
'What Was I Made For?'- Billie Eilish
Favorite Tour Style: *Socially Voted Category 
Beyoncé
Carrie Underwood
Doja Cat
Elton John
Harry Styles
Jonas Brothers
Madonna
Måneskin
Sabrina Carpenter
Shania Twain
SZA
Taylor Swift - WINNER
Favorite Debut Album (New for 2024): *Socially Voted Category
GOLDEN - Jung Kook
In Pieces- Chlöe
Layover - V - WINNER
Lucky- Megan Moroney
Mirror - Lauren Spencer Smith
My 21st Century Blues - Raye
Religiously - Bailey Zimmerman
Snow Angel - Reneé Rapp
Tyler Hubbard - Tyler Hubbard

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group