US pop sensation Olivia Rodrigo has been spotted holidaying in Llandudno. The singer and actress, known for chart-topping hits like 'Drivers Licence' and 'Traitor', and is currently on a sold-out tour, has left fans gobsmacked after being seen taking a short break in the Welsh seaside town.
Rodrigo was sighted at the Orme Lounge bar and restaurant and at the Marks and Spencer store in Llandudno. While at M&S, Rodrigo fan and employee Rose managed to grab a selfie with her, which was later posted on the store's Facebook page.
This unexpected visit has left many puzzled as to why the American star ended up in North Wales. She is currently dating actor Louis Partridge, who has Welsh and English family ties.
Although he grew up in London, it's believed his family would often holiday in Llandudno, suggesting he may have wanted to show his girlfriend places that hold significance for him. He was also spotted alongside her at the Orme Lounge. For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter
M&S Llandudno commented: "Olivia Rodrigo visiting our store was not on our 2024 bingo card. Our Customer assistant Rose had the pleasure of meeting pop star Olivia Rodrigo in M&S Parc Llandudno today! " On Facebook, one user said: "Well done Rose for getting a pic. I would have been too starstruck - I bet she loved meeting you.", reports North Wales Live.
Another added: "Couldn't be in better hands than Rose." One fan questioned why she was in the town, to which another responded: "Her boyfriend used to come here with his parents.. so he thought he would bring his girlfriend."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.