Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Tickets will go on sale Friday 6 September.
POPULAR
Frontier Touring has announced the return of GRAMMY-nominated singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams, with the highly anticipated The Secret of Us Tour. Set for April/May 2025, the tour will include five major arena shows across Australia and mark her debut headline arena performance in Auckland, New Zealand.
Fast becoming a powerhouse in the international music scene with over seven billion streams globally, Abrams kicks off her sold-out, 23-date North American run this week in celebration of her sophomore album, The Secret of Us, which she released in June. Today's tour news comes hot on the heels of her triumphant first visit to Australia in January, which saw fans line the streets and six concerts selling out in mere minutes upon going on sale.
Debuting at #1 on the ARIA Albums Chart and #2 in New Zealand, The Secret of Us features Abrams' Platinum hit single ‘Close To You' – another career milestone, the track marking Abrams solo debut on the Billboard Hot 100 and her best performing single upon release with three million streams in one day on Spotify alone. The new album also includes ‘us', a collaboration with Taylor Swift – who she'll re-join again on the road in Canada and the USA this October, as the opening act on Swift's final blockbuster Eras Tour dates.
Tickets go on sale Friday 6 September (times staggered, see details below). American Express Members Presale starts Tuesday 3 September, visit here for more details. Frontier Members can get early access via the Frontier Members presale starting Thursday 5 September (times staggered) – see website for full details.
Given the overwhelming demand during Gracie Abrams' previous shows in the region, fans are encouraged to secure their tickets early to avoid disappointment!
With 6x Gold and 2x Platinum singles to her name so far, Abrams continues to push the boundaries of what it means to be a modern singer-songwriter. Prepare for an unforgettable experience as Gracie Abrams takes the stage in Australia and New Zealand next April/May!
Since making her debut in 2019, Gracie Abrams has emerged as one of the most compelling singer-songwriters of her generation, earning the admiration of such like minded artists as Taylor Swift, Lorde, Billie Eilish, and Olivia Rodrigo and most recently, she earned the highly coveted nomination for Best New Artist for the 66th Annual GRAMMY Awards. A consummate songwriter who names Joni Mitchell as her most formative influence, she penned her first song at age eight, then went on to amass a devoted following on the strength of her emotionally intimate lyrics and DIY sensibilities. As her profile rose, Abrams was named an artist to watch by taste making outlets like Pigeons & Planes, Fader, and i-D, in addition to being crowned one of seven breakout female musicians by Vogue UK. With the arrival of her debut project minor in summer 2020, she received glowing reviews from the likes of NME, who praised her “painfully honest tales of heartbreak draped in delicate melodies that carry much more intrigue than the usual run-of-the-mill singer-songwriter.” Executive-produced by Blake Slatkin – and also made with leading producers like Joel Little and benny blanco – the seven-song effort features her beloved singles ‘21', ‘I miss you, I'm sorry', and ‘Long Sleeves'. In November 2021, Abrams returned with This Is What It Feels Like, a 12-track project exploring such complex emotional experiences as self-betrayal, insecurity, and failed attempts at connection. Soon after completing her sold-out North American headline tour for This Is What It Feels Like, she set to work on her debut album. Abrams kicked off 2022 with a headline tour of North America followed by a support slot on Olivia Rodrigo's tour and reconnected with Dessner to release two songs ‘Block me out' and ‘Difficult'. In 2023, Abrams released her highly anticipated debut album, Good Riddance, on February 24, followed by a North American headline tour that sold out in under one hour. Gracie toured with Taylor Swift as the opening act on select dates of her blockbuster Eras Tour and will continue as direct support when the Eras Tour returns to North America later this year. In June, Gracie released her sophomore album, The Secret of Us, and will be embarking on her sold-out headlining tour, The Secret of Us Tour which starts in the US in September.
APRIL/MAY 2025Presented by Frontier Touring
FRONTIER MEMBER PRESALEvia frontiertouring.com/gracieabramsRuns 24 hours from: Thursday 5 Septemberor until pre-sale allocation exhausted  Pre-sale timings staggered per show, visit website for more details  
AMERICAN EXPRESS MEMBERS PRESALE  via www.Amex.com.au/ExperiencesRuns 48 hours from: Tuesday 3 Septemberor until pre-sale allocation exhausted  Pre-sale timings staggered per show, visit website for more details  
TICKETS ON SALEBegins: Friday 6 September (times staggered, see below)
Tuesday 29 AprilSpark Arena, Auckland, NZOn sale: Friday 6 September (2pm local) ticketmaster.co.nz
Friday 2 MayQudos Bank Arena, Sydney, NSWOn sale: Friday 6 September (1pm local) ticketek.com
Tuesday 6 MayBrisbane Entertainment Centre, Brisbane, QLDOn sale: Friday 6 September (1pm local) ticketek.com
Friday 9 MayRod Laver Arena, Melbourne, VICOn sale: Friday 6 September (3pm local) ticketek.com
Tuesday 13 MayAdelaide Entertainment Centre, Adelaide, SAOn sale: Friday 6 September (1pm local) ticketek.com
Friday 16 MayRAC Arena, Perth, WAOn sale: Friday 6 September (1pm local) ticketek.com
What did our critic think of SISTER ACT at Crown Theatre? This musical adaptation of the beloved 1992 film, starring Casey Donovan as Deloris Van Cartier, radiates infectious energy, blending soulful melodies with a hilarious and heartwarming story that's sure to convert you.
Following their critically acclaimed debut national tour, Bach Akademie Australia is thrilled to announce the second program in its stellar 2025 season, The Class of ’85.
Three-time GRAMMY winner Lucinda Williams and her band have just been announced to open for Paul Kelly across all Australian dates this August and September.
Final casting has been confirmed for the Australian leg of LES MISÉRABLES THE ARENA SPECTACULAR! Due to demand, extra performances were recently added in Australia.
Videos
Australia - Perth SHOWS
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy