Bey becomes the first Black artist to snag a No. 1 on the Official U.K. Albums Chart with a country record.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Beyoncé scores the U.K. chart double with Cowboy Carter and “Texas Hold ‘Em,” and, in doing so, carves out a slice of history.

	According to the Official Charts Company, Bey becomes the first Black artist to snag a No. 1 on the Official U.K. Albums Chart with a country record, and the first artist to simultaneously top both the U.K.’s singles and albums charts with country repertoire.

	The result was never in any doubt. Cowboy Carter (via Columbia/Parkwood Entertainment) debuts at No. 1 on the tally, published Friday, April 5, having dominated the midweek chart, when it outsold the rest of the top 5 combined. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					






















	
		
					BTS		
					






















	
		
					Olivia Rodrigo		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	By week’s end, Cowboy Carter, Bey’s eight solo album, blew away the competition with 40,000 chart units, while “Texas Hold ‘Em” rebounds to the top of the Official U.K. Singles Chart for a fifth non-consecutive week.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	That’s her second chart double, and first in over 20 years. The last was back in 2003 when she simultaneously led the national charts with Dangerously In Love and “Crazy In Love” featuring Jay-Z. 

	Beyoncé isn’t the first female artist to land a country album at the top in the U.K., a territory not known to share a deep affection for the genre. Shania Twain was the trailblazer, when Come On Over topped the Official Albums Chart in September 1999.

Cowboy Carter is Bey’s fifth solo leader in the U.K., following Dangerously In Love (from 2003), 4 (2011), Lemonade (2016) and Renaissance (2022). As a member of Destiny’s Child, alongside Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, Beyoncé owns another No. 1 with 2001’s Survivor.

	Meanwhile, Olivia Rodrigo’s former leader Guts (Geffen) lifts 3-2 following the release of deluxe “Spilled” edition, which features four tracks previously unavailable digitally, and a new number. 

	Oxford shoegaze favorites Ride cruise to a fourth career U.K. 10 with Interplay (Wichita Recordings), new at No.  8). Interplay joins 1992’s Going Blank Again (No. 5), 1994’s Carnival Of Light (No. 5) and 2019’s This Is Not A Safe Place (No. 7) in their tally of top tier efforts. 

	Also cracking the top 40 on debut is Sum 41’s eighth and final studio album, Heaven x Hell (Rise Records), at No. 26; and BTS bandmate j-hope‘s Hope On The Street Vol.1 (BigHit Entertainment) at No. 38.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.