By Valerie Complex 
Associate Editor/Film Writer

Gold House and CAPE (Coalition of Asian Pacifics in Entertainment) debuted the fourth annual Gold List to guide voters during the awards race by honoring the most outstanding work in film by Asian Pacific creatives in the past year, as voted on by the community’s industry leaders. Notable winners this year include Past Lives (including Celine Song and Greta Lee), May December’s Charles Melton, Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse, Olivia Rodrigo, The Boy and the Heron, and a historic number of Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander honorees. 

	Last year erased any doubt that films by and starring Asian Pacific creatives could achieve the pinnacles of commercial and critical success. According to Gold House’s research, 22% of films grossing over $100 million at the post-pandemic domestic box office featured an Asian Pacific director, screenwriter, or lead actor. 2023 Gold List winner Everything Everything All At Once broke records during the 2023 awards season and became the most-awarded film of all time, and 2023 Gold List winners Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan, and “Naatu Naatu” thrilled with historic Academy Awards wins.  

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Gold House Unveils This Year's A100 List Honoring Most Impactful Asian Pacific Leaders		
			















	News
	



	
		
					CAPE Radiance Gala To Celebrate Women's History Month With Host Kiran Deol, Musical Performance By Luna Li		
			







	The highly acclaimed Past Lives leads the Gold List with wins for Best Picture, Best Director (Celine Song), Best Performance in a Leading Role (Greta Lee), and Original Screenplay (Celine Song), and an honorable mention for actor Teo Yoo. Charles Melton, who has also received numerous accolades for his powerful performance in May December, earned Best Performance in a Supporting Role. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	“It is incredible to witness the tremendous work our community continues to bring to the global stage. Let us continue to empower and uplift one another through new portrayals and experiences across artistic mediums,” says Melton. 

	This year’s Gold List also features a record number of Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander honorees. Lindsay Watson won Breakout Performance for her moving role in The Wind & the Reckoning. As well, Taika Waititi, Keanu Reeves, and Stan Walker received honorable mentions for Best Original Screenplay (Next Goal Wins), Best Performance in a Leading Role (John Wick: Chapter 4), and Best Original Song (“I AM” from Origin). 

	Other winners include both luminaries and rising stars. The Boy and The Heron, widely thought to be filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki’s final film, won Best Animated Feature as well as an honorable mention for Best Original Screenplay, and Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse, written by Dave Callaham, Phil Lord, and Christopher Miller, earned Best Adapted Screenplay. Olivia Rodrigo received Best Original Song for “Can’t Catch Me Now” from The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes, and Polite Society was voted Breakout Independent Film. 

	










	In the non-fiction categories, To Kill A Tiger received Best Documentary and Between Earth and Sky received Best Documentary Short. WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John & Yoko and Yellow round out the Gold List with their wins for Best Animated Short and Best Live Action Short, respectively.  

	“The Gold List was created to ensure awards seasons and mainstream society are up to date on the most worthy creative work—particularly work from communities that have been historically overlooked or excluded,” says Jeremy Tran, Executive Director and COO of Gold House. “Every visible success leads to numerous unseen doors that are opened for new creative development, production, and distribution opportunities for these communities.” 

	“In the aftermath of a particularly tumultuous year, including hard-fought gains on the labor front, we are excited to uplift these outstanding titles and talents for awards consideration,” said Michelle K. Sugihara, Executive Director of CAPE. “These incredible projects deepen the pool of nuanced storytelling and reflect the vibrant multitudes of our communities.” 

	Amplifying Asian Pacific talent during the awards race serves as an extension of the critical cultural consultation and research, next-generation talent fellowships, and groundbreaking #GoldOpen movement from the two organizations—collectively ensuring the authentic and affirming portrayal of Asian Pacific stories while propelling them to the top of the box office, including films like Crazy Rich Asians, Parasite, and Everything Everywhere All At Once.

	The Gold List spans 14 categories, voted on by prominent leaders from the Gold Open Advisory Council, Gold House Members, CAPE Board Members and Advisors, and entertainment industry heavyweights. 

	The full list of Gold List selections is below:

Best PicturePast LivesHonorable Mentions: Monster and Perfect Days

Best DirectorCeline Song (Past Lives)Honorable Mentions: Hayao Miyazaki (The Boy and the Heron) and Tran Anh Hung (The Taste of Things)

Best Performance in a Leading RoleGreta Lee (Past Lives)Honorable Mentions: Ashley Park (Joy Ride), Keanu Reeves (John Wick: Chapter 4), Koji Yakusho (Perfect Days), Sakura Ando (Monster), and Teo Yoo (Past Lives) 

Best Performance in a Supporting RoleCharles Melton (May December)Honorable Mentions: Riz Ahmed (Fingernails), Sabrina Wu (Joy Ride), Sherry Cola (Joy Ride), Simu Liu (Barbie), and Stephanie Hsu (Joy Ride)

Best Original ScreenplayCeline Song (Past Lives) Honorable Mentions: Cherry Chevapravatdumrong and Teresa Hsiao (Joy Ride) and Hayao Miyazaki (The Boy and The Heron)

Best Adapted ScreenplayDave Callaham, Phil Lord, Christopher Miller (Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse)Honorable Mentions: Adrian Tomine (Shortcomings) and Taika Waititi and Iain Morris (Next Goal Wins)

Best Animated FeatureThe Boy and The HeronHonorable Mentions: Elemental, Nimona, and Suzume 

Best Documentary FeatureTo Kill A TigerHonorable Mentions: a.k.a. Mr Chow and Liquor Store Dreams

Best Original Song“Can’t Catch Me Now” – Olivia Rodrigo (The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes)Honorable Mentions: “I AM” by Stan Walker (Origin) and “All Love Is Love” by Bowen Yang, Aaron Jackson, Josh Sharp, Nathan Lane, and Megan Mullally (Dicks: The Musical)

Best Animated ShortWAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John & YokoHonorable Mentions: Our Uniform and The Old Young Crow











Best Documentary ShortBetween Earth and SkyHonorable Mentions: Island in Between and Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó 

Best Live Action ShortYellowHonorable Mentions: Closing Dynasty, Eid Mubarak, and Take Me Home

Breakout PerformanceLindsay Watson (The Wind & The Reckoning)

Breakout Independent FilmPolite Society

	For more information about the Gold List, visit thegoldlist.org.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.