Olivia Rodrigo will perform in Los Angeles for two extra dates on Aug. 20 and 21.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
“girl i’ve always been” obsessed with Olivia Rodrigo, so I have to see her in Los Angeles.
Rodrigo has added two new concerts in Los Angeles, Calif. to the “GUTS” world tour, which will take place on Aug. 20 and 21.
Before these new Los Angeles dates, Rodrigo will perform four more shows in L.A. from Aug. 13-17.
Currently, Rodrigo is touring in Europe, and will then pick up her U.S. tour once again on July 19 in Philadelphia, Pa.
After the California dates, the singer will bring the “GUTS” world tour to Asia and Australia, which will conclude her world tour.
For the L.A. shows, ‘90s alt-rock band The Breeders will be the opener for all dates, giving all parents attending something to jam out to.
With this new announcement, tickets are expected to fly off the market, but here’s what you can do to get your hands on tickets.
For the new Los Angeles tour dates, fans can sign up for presale tickets through an American Express presale starting June 20 at 3 p.m. through Ticketmaster.
There will also be VIP packages available for purchase and $20 Silver Star Tickets, which will be released at a later date.
The general sale will then begin on June 21 at 12 p.m. through Ticketmaster.
While tickets are not officially on sale to the public yet, there are some available on secondary market websites.
For Rodrigo’s Aug. 20 concert, the cheapest ticket at the time of publication before fees is $304 on Vivid Seats.
The cheapest ticket for her Aug. 21 show at the time of publication, before fees, is $302 on StubHub.
If you miss out on these cheaper than normal tickets, then tickets are available on Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Olivia Rodrigo’s tour dates is available here.
Olivia Rodrigo is not the only artist heading out on a massive tour.
Here are a few more tours you do not want to miss: Nicki Minaj, Justin Timberlake, Noah Kahan and Childish Gambino.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices