Get ready to scream, because No Doubt just blew the roof off Coachella with an epic reunion that has fans buzzing like never before!
After nearly a decade of silence, the iconic “Hella Good” band, led by the incomparable Gwen Stefani, made a triumphant return to the stage at the 2024 Coachella Music Festival in Indio, California, on Saturday night (April 13). And let me tell you, they didn’t just show up – they conquered!
Taking command of the Coachella stage, Gwen, along with the stellar lineup of guitarist Tom Dumont, bassist Tony Kanal, and drummer Adrian Young, unleashed a barrage of hits and fan favorites that sent the crowd into a frenzy. But wait, there’s more – they brought along a special surprise guest, none other than the sensational Olivia Rodrigo! Can you even handle the level of excitement?!
Curious about the setlist? Fear not, because we’ve got the scoop! Kicking things off with an electrifying rendition of “Hella Good,” No Doubt then launched into a whirlwind of timeless classics, from the heart-wrenching ballad “Don’t Speak” to the anthemic “Just a Girl,” and everything in between. And when Olivia Rodrigo joined Gwen onstage for a rendition of “Bathwater,” the energy in the desert air reached unprecedented levels of euphoria!
And the No Doubt reunion train isn’t stopping just yet. That’s right, folks – they’re gearing up for round two at Coachella next week, with another performance slated for April 20. Can you even handle the anticipation?!
Now, does this mean new music from No Doubt is on the horizon? Well, according to Gwen herself, the answer is a resounding “maybe.” In a recent interview, she teased, “We haven’t really figured out the next steps of how we’re going to do this, but we’re just all so excited.” Excited? That’s the understatement of the century!
Check out No Doubt’s setlist at Coachella…
1. Hella Good
2. Sunday Morning
3. Ex-Girlfriend
4. It’s My Life
5. Different People
6. Hey Baby
7. Total Hate ’95
8. Bathwater feat. Olivia Rodrigo
9. One Step Beyond
10. Simple Kind of Life
11. Underneath It All
12. Happy Now?
13. New
14. Just a Girl
15. Don’t Speak
16. Spiderwebs
By: Michelle |
April 15, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!