They join previously announced artists like Olivia Rodrigo, Noah Kahan, Girl In Red and Kings Of Leon
A new wave of artists have been confirmed for NOS Alive 2025, with Barry Can’t Swim, Finneas and more among new additions.
The names to be added to the bill for next year’s instalment were announced last month, when it was confirmed that Olivia Rodrigo was the first confirmed headliner for the Portugal festival. Other huge names included Girl In Red, Kings Of Leon, Noah Kahan, Benson Boone, Amyl And The Sniffers and CMAT.
The event will be held Lisbon between July 10 and July 12.
Now, a second wave has been confirmed – with seven new names added to the line-up. One of which is BRIT-nominated and Mercury Prize-shortlisted, Barry Can’t Swim, who will be headed to the Passeio Marítimo de Algés event for a set on the Heineken Stage. His set will be on the first day of the festival (10), and mark his debut at NOS Alive.
Also added to the bill is Multi-Academy and Grammy award-winning singer, songwriter and producer Finneas. Like Barry Can’t Swim, this will also mark the festival debut for Finneas, and come on the heels of his recently released new album ‘For Cryin’ Out Loud!’.
Finneas performs at Electric Ballroom on August 30, 2023 in London, England (CREDIT: Burak Cingi/Redferns/Getty Images)
Elsewhere, Dead Poet Society are among the new names for the 17th edition of the festival – marking their first time playing at the event – as are Foster The People, Sammy Virji,  ‘Electro-swing’ pioneer Parov Stelar, Canadian quintet Mother Mother and
Tickets for NOS Alive 2025 are live now, and more artists are set to be announced shortly. Visit here to buy tickets and check out the full line-up so far below.
July 10
Olivia Rodrigo: NOS Stage
Noah Kahan: NOS Stage
Benson Boone: NOS Stage
Mark Ambor: NOS Stage
Glass Animals: Heineken Stage
Barry Can’t Swim: Heineken Stage
Artemas: Heineken Stage
Parov Stelar: Heineken Stage
July 11
girl in red: NOS Stage
The Teskey Brothers: Heineken Stage
St. Vincent: Heineken Stage
FINNEAS: Heineken Stage
Mother Mother: Heineken Stage
Sammy Virji: Heineken Stage
The Backseat Lovers: Heineken Stage
July 12
Kings Of Leon: NOS Stage
Foster The People: Heineken Stage
Amyl and The Sniffers: Heineken Stage
CMAT: Heineken Stage
Future Islands: Heineken Stage
Dead Poet Society: Heineken Stage
As for NOS Alive 2024, this year’s edition took place over the summer and saw performances from Pearl Jam, Dua Lipa, The Smashing Pumpkins, Sum 41, Arlo Parks and more.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.