By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and NOVA M BAJAMONTI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:30, 16 March 2024   |  Updated:  03:32, 16 March 2024   
 35
View  comments
Abortion organizations will no longer make emergency contraceptives available at concerts during Olivia Rodrigo's ongoing Guts World Tour.
Variety reports that local abortion funds were told they are 'no longer allowed to hand out free emergency birth control pills and other reproductive health resources at the concerts.'
DC Abortion Fund communications manager Jade Hurley said in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter, 'The #GUTSWorldTour is asking abortion funds not to bring emergency contraception (EC), condoms, or lube to tour stops. We hope to see this change before DC's date on July 20th.'
In conjunction with Rodrigo's Guts World Tour, the Good 4 U star previously announced that she would be partnering 'with local chapters of the National Network of Abortion Funds to ensure those most impacted by systemic racism, misogyny, and healthcare barriers can get the reproductive care they deserve.'
That came after she launched Fund 4 Good, a global initiative committed to building an equitable and just future for women and girls through direct support of community based non-profits that champion girls’ education, support reproductive rights and prevent.
Abortion organizations hosted at Olivia Rodrigo's Guts World Tour will no longer be distributing emergency contraceptives at her concerts
Once the tour kicked off on February 23, contraceptives like free Plan B pills and condoms were made available, which included her recent show in Missouri, where abortion is banned.
One fan - only known as Kin - took to X (formerly known as Twitter) to post a picture of the Julie-brand morning after pill she received at the singer's concert in St Louis.
In that original post, Kin not only posted a snapshot of the products she received but also shared her gratitude for making it available: 'Free Plan B at Olivia Rodrigo in St. Louis tonight. Thank you Missouri Abortion Fund.' 
Following the initiative, a spokesperson for the Missouri Abortion Fund told Today: 'This is just a normal part of what many abortion funds, including Missouri Abortion Fund, bring to our community tabling events.' 
Reps for MAF added, 'We want to ensure that Missourians have maximum control over their own reproductive health care. We appreciate Olivia lifting up abortion funds, especially as many funds have seen a decrease in donations since 2023.' 
But in the wake of widespread media attention of late that will no longer happen.
It appears the decision came from Rodrigo's team and was then relayed over Slack by the National Network of Abortion Funds, which had teamed with the pop star allowing them to setup booths at her shows in North America.
The communications manager for the DC Abortion Fund maintains the NNAF said the singer's team made the decision to stop handing out things like lubrication, condoms and Plan B because 'children are present at the concerts.'
'We want to ensure that Missourians have maximum control over their own reproductive health care. We appreciate Olivia lifting up abortion funds, especially as many funds have seen a decrease in donations since 2023,' the organization shared before the change in policy
One fan, known as Kin, took to X (formerly known as Twitter) to post a picture of the morning after pill she received at the pop star's recent concert in St Louis, Missouri 
The Grammy Award winner had partnered with organizations, including the Missouri Abortion Fund, to distribute emergency contraceptives and condoms at her concert March 12
In conjunction with Rodrigo's Guts World Tour, the singer-songwriter launched Fund 4 Good, a global initiative committed to building an equitable and just future for all women, girls and people seeking reproductive health freedom
'The reality is that youth have sex, and youth need access to birth control and emergency contraception,' Jade Hurley, of the DC Abortion Fund, told Variety, before adding,  'What we're doing is completely legal in all 50 states.'
While the word continues to spread about the change regarding the distribution of Plan B, lubricant and condoms at Rodrigo's concerts, the Prairie Abortion Fund says it will still be out in force handing out information at her show on Friday at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul, Minnesota.
The Plan B product handed out at the star's recent show is known as Julie, It's sold over the counter at various pharmacies, and usually costs between $40 and $50, according to Planned Parenthood.
The brand launched following Roe v. Wade being overturned and works every day to change the conversation around emergency contraception to expand access to communities most in need. 
'Replacing the stigma and shame often associated with emergency contraception with access, exploration, and education is core to who we are, and we're thankful for artists like Olivia Rodrigo,' a Julie spokesperson told the outlet. 
Rodrigo had her plethora of supporters who took to social media to weigh in on the issue. 
'I stand with Olivia,' one person wrote. 'Not everyone wants to be a mother and can't provide a proper lifestyle for their child I swear to god.' 
Another fan shared: 'She's freaking awesome for partnering with them to do this! So excited that I get to see her in just over a week! Have fun tonight!'
Dozens of fans flocked to the comments to share their support for the initiative 
Someone else chimed in: 'Respect! This is what putting your money where your mouth is,' while another person became an instant Rodrigo followers, writing,: 'I have suddenly [become] a fan without advertising [or] knowing a single song.'
There were others who said they had nothing but 'respect' for the singer and her team for the partnership that prompted comments like, 'She couldn't be cooler.'
But then there were others who didn't agree with the pop star's stance on the issue, with one person commenting, 'This is beyond disturbing and disgusting' and another shared, 'This is disgusting and vile.'
Someone else branded it as 'sick' as one simply questioned: 'What the f**k?'
There were others who didn't agree with the pop star's stance on the issue : 'This is beyond disturbing and disgusting,' wrote one person
A portion of the proceeds from all ticket sales of her concerts during her first arena tour, which began February 23 and go through August 17, will go towards funding her new organization
In conjunction with Rodrigo's Guts World Tour, the singer-songwriter launched Fund 4 Good, a global initiative committed to building an equitable and just future for all women, girls and people seeking reproductive health freedom.
'[Fund 4 Good is] a global initiative committed to building an equitable and just future for all women, girls and people seeking reproductive health freedom,' she captioned a TikTok video.
'The fund will directly support community based nonprofits that champion things like girls education, support reproductive rights and prevent gender based violence.'
Rodrigo posted an Instagram story which provided a link to donate to both the Text Right By You and the Missouri Abortion Fund organizations
The singer also posted an Instagram story which provided a link to donate to both the Text Right By You and the Missouri Abortion Fund organizations. 
A portion of the proceeds from all ticket sales of her concerts during her first arena tour, which began February 23 and go through August 17, will go towards funding her new organization
Before heading out on the road for the North American leg of the tour, the young budding star partnered with local chapters of the National Network of Abortion Funds to ensure those most impacted by systemic racism, misogyny, and healthcare barriers can get the reproductive care they deserve.
But again, Rodrigo's team has told the various abortion funds that she had partnered with that they are no longer allowed to hand out contraceptives at future tour stops.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group