Boyband cites ‘technical issues’ at arena where Olivia Rodrigo, Keane and Peter Kay had also been due to perform
Take That have announced they will not be performing at the new Co-op Live Arena due to “ongoing technical issues” with the venue in Manchester.
The boyband had been due to perform from Tuesday but will instead switch their shows to the rival AO Arena.
The UK’s biggest indoor arena, which cost £365m and has postponed its opening numerous times, said it will be taking “a short pause to events” before welcoming members of the public from 14 May.
A statement from Co-op Live said this was to “fully ensure the safety and security of fans and artists” and allow for an “independent inspection of all elements of the arena ceiling” after an issue with the heating, ventilation and air conditioning system.
On Instagram, Take That wrote: “Given the ongoing technical issues around the opening of Co-op Live we have taken the difficult decision to move our May shows to the AO Arena where we have enjoyed many great nights over the years.
“This is not a decision we have taken lightly, but we wanted to give our fans as much notice as possible.
“We’re mindful many of you will already have travel and accommodation plans in place, so we have chosen this option to minimise inconvenience to as many people as possible.
“Our dates in June in Manchester remain unaffected.”
All of Take That’s shows have been transferred and are the same dates as before except for 8 May, which has been changed to 9 May.
Earlier, Keane, who have been celebrating 20 years of their debut album Hopes and Fears, said they were “really disappointed” as they revealed the postponement of a gig on Sunday. The group said it was “entirely beyond our control”.
In a statement on X, Co-op Live said: “Following the events that led to the cancelled A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie show on 1 May, we have decided to take a short pause to events at Co-op Live to fully ensure the safety and security of fans and artists visiting the venue. This time will allow for an independent inspection of all elements of the arena ceiling.”
It added: “At this time, we do not expect further impact on our opening season. We are aware our actions have frustrated and angered ticket-holders. We know you’ve incurred significant disruption, and are finding a way to help make it right.”
Tim Leiweke, chair and chief executive of US-based venue operator Oak View Group, apologised for the delays and to “all those that have been affected”.
On Wednesday night the venue postponed its opening show for the third time, just over an hour before rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie was due to perform, because of a problem during the sound check. The US musician’s gig is now scheduled to take place on Saturday at the AO Arena.
Olivia Rodrigo had been due to perform at the Co-op Live Arena on Friday and Saturday as part of her Guts world tour but her shows have also been postponed.
The standup comedian Peter Kay was scheduled to be the first performer at the arena but his show had to be postponed with less than 48 hours’ notice after a test event.
A Co-op Group spokesperson said: “As naming rights sponsor for Co-op Live we are disappointed with these further schedule changes.
“We fully appreciate and understand the impact and upset the delays have caused to ticket-holders and our Co-op members.
“Co-op is a sponsor and does not own or run the venue, and we have made it clear to Oak View Group, who are responsible for the building, that the impact on ticket-holders must be addressed as a priority.
“We are pleased that they will shortly be putting plans in place to do so.
“We also understand that the necessary safety checks following yesterday’s incident are being completed and independently verified so that Co-op members and other ticket-holders can be reassured that the venue has the very highest levels of security and safety measures.”