ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 12: Olivia Rodrigo attends the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards at ... More Barclays Center on September 12, 2021 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. Both of Olivia Rodrigo's albums—Guts and Sour—are climbing on multiple Billboard charts in America this week. (Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV/ViacomCBS)
It’s now been more than a year since Olivia Rodrigo dropped her latest album, Guts. The project, her second, was another unqualified and instant smash success, and Americans aren’t done with it yet—not by a long shot.
In fact, both of Rodrigo’s albums are still going strong in the U.S. Fans of the young talent continue to consume her two full-lengths in large numbers, making them both ongoing successes. The studio efforts climb on every Billboard ranking they appear on this frame, which shows there is still intense interest in everything she’s recorded in her still-short career.
Between Rodrigo’s two albums, Guts, her most recent, is the top performer. That’s not surprising, as that is almost always the case in situations like these. Guts appears on four Billboard charts at the moment, and it improves on each and every one of them.
Guts returns to the top 40 on the Billboard 200 this week. On the ranking of the most-consumed albums in the country, Rodrigo’s second offering pushes from No. 49 to No. 38. Luminate reports that the project shifted 17,000 more equivalent units in the most recent tracking period.
As it surges on the Billboard 200, Guts is also improving its standing on three more rankings. Rodrigo lifts to No. 42 on the Top Streaming Albums chart (from No. 45). The title is also up on both the Top Alternative Albums (No. 5) and Top Rock & Alternative Albums (No. 9) lists. It breaks back into the top 10 on the latter roster yet again.
Rodrigo’s debut full-length Sour, meanwhile, is only present on two tallies, but it still climbs on both of them. On the Top Streaming Albums chart, the strong streamer moves from No. 49 to No. 47. On the Billboard 200, the title is up from No. 56 to No. 42, as it moves another 16,500 equivalent units.
A big takeaway from Rodrigo’s current success on the Billboard 200 this week is how close Sour and Guts are to one another. While they were released more than two years apart, the newer album only managed to shift about 500 equivalent more units—out of at least 16,000. That’s a small percentage, and it seems to suggest that between them, Sour has greater staying power.