By Bruce Haring 

	That long line outside Canter’s Deli on Fairfax today wasn’t for the matzah ball soup.

Olivia Rodrigo is taking Los Angeles by storm this week, as her GUTS world tour has a six-night stand at The Forum. But more important to the Temecula, California native’s fans is the merch pop-up store that’s being run at The Complex L.A. with Interscope Records. 

	The event brought out a long line of teens and early 20s fans today, all dressed to impress and eager to grab the store’s t-shirts, baby tanks, hoodies, totes, hats, GUTS CDs and vinyl records. They could even get a picture with the GUTS tour bus, parked outside the store.

	










	Even better for the fans was an appearance by the singer, who slowly rolled past in a black SUV and stuck her head out the window to waive to her followers as her ride drove down Fairfax.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The pop-up is open at The Complex each day at 11 AM through Sunday. 
Olivia Rodrigo spotted driving past the GUTS x Complex LA pop up! pic.twitter.com/2kUiYquMU6
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.