By
Erinn Callahan
Only a week in, season 26 of The Voice has already given viewers plenty of memorable performances. First-timers Michael Buble and Snoop Dogg have added a fresh dynamic to the coaching panel as they join veterans Reba McEntire and Gwen Stefani. One Blind Audition in particular has social media buzzing, with some fans christening the teenage hopeful as “a mini Kelly Clarkson.”
At just 15 years old, Sydney Sterlace isn’t yet old enough to obtain a driver’s license. But that didn’t stop the New York high school student from blowing the judges away with a sterling cover of Olivia Rodrigo’s “Driver’s License.”
Coach Michael Buble smashed his red button almost immediately, with host Carson Daly remarking, “God, that was fast.” Gwen Stefani quickly followed.
Snoop Dogg grooved in his chair a little before turning it. As Sydney softly sang the final notes, Reba pressed her button—solidifying the 15-year-old’s coveted four-chair turn.
When The Voice posted a clip of Sydney’s performance to their official Instagram page, one commenter declared her a “mini kelly clarkson??!” (Clarkson won the inaugural season of American Idol way back in 2002, and has since provided the blueprint to a successful post-reality music career.)
Sydney Sterlace so easily accessible, relatable, easy on the ears. She built into those little wails and kept control for the smaller moments and such perfect flips into head voice. Wonderful performance. #TheVoice #VoicePremiere
Another viewer chimed in below: “I have a feeling we have a finalist right here….”
[RELATED: Gwen Stefani Sings Impromptu No Doubt Duet on ‘The Voice’, Fans Shocked Contestant Is Still Sent Packing]
Not every contestant gets their pick of coaches on The Voice. After scoring the four-chair turn, Sydney Sterlace had a tough decision to make.
First, she shocked all four coaches by revealing her age. “Lord have mercy,” Snoop exclaimed as he vacated his chair.
All coaches were effusive in their praise of Sydney, but Gwen Stefani was holding a trump card. After asking the teenager if she were “a big Olivia Rodrigo fan,” the former No Doubt frontwoman reminded Sydney that she shared a stage with the “vampire” singer during her Coachella set back in April.
“I just happen to have her text right here,” Stefani said, pulling out her phone.
After hearing everyone’s pitch, Sydney admitted that while she would love to work with any of them, “I’ve had my heart set on Gwen this whole time.”
Welcome to Team Gwen, Sydney. 
Featured photo via Instagram
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand