By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:13, 16 August 2024   |  Updated:  08:06, 16 August 2024   
 8
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo gave some of her fans the thrill of a lifetime on Thursday. 
The Vampire singer, 21 — who recently flaunted her abs in a glittering bra and skirt — surprised fans as she drove by her merchandise pop-up shop during its opening on Fairfax Ave in LA.
Her sighting comes just days after the hitmaker kicked off her string of shows in the City of Angels for her GUTS World Tour.
In a video posted by OliviaRodrigoHQ on X (formerly Twitter), the brunette siren waved to fans while passing by as she sat in the back of an SUV with the windows rolled down. 
She wore her signature long locks styled in two braids while rocking a lavender tank top and designer sunglasses. 
Olivia Rodrigo surprised fans as she drove by her merchandise pop-up shop during its opening on Thursday in LA; seen in 2024
Olivia appeared to be saying 'Hi' and  'I love you' to the crowd of screaming fans who were waiting in line at the outside of her pop-up shop. 
The merchandise store is being run at The Complex LA with Interscope Records. 
Items being sold at the limited-time location include t-shirts, baby tanks, hoodies, totes, hats, GUTS CDs and vinyl records.
Fans could also get a special look at the Temecula native's tour bus and snap exclusive selfies, parked outside the shop.
The store is open from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. running from Thursday until Sunday and is located at 433 N. Fairfax Avenue in Central LA. 
Olivia is preforming her sophomore album, GUTS, on August 13, 14, 16, 17, 20 and 21. The first four of her shows will be held at the Kia Forum and the last two at the Intuit Dome in Inglewood, California.
Olivia kicked off the GUTS World Tour on February 23, 2024 in Palm Springs, California and will conclude on October 22, 2024, in Sydney, Australia. 
Her opening acts rotate between: Good Luck Babe singer Chappell Roan, Boy's a liar songstress PinkPantheress, The Breeders, Remi Wolf and Benee.
Olivia appeared to be saying 'Hi' and 'I love you' to the crowd of screaming fans who were waiting in line at the outside of her pop-up shop; seen in 2024
The merchandise store is being run at The Complex LA with Interscope Records; seen in 2023
Items being sold at the limited-time location include t-shirts, baby tanks, hoodies, totes, hats, GUTS CDs and vinyl records; seen in 2024
The store is open from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. running from Thursday until Sunday; seen in 2024
Her sighting comes just days after the hitmaker kicked off her string of shows in the City of Angels for her GUTS World Tour; seen in 2024
Olivia has famously romanced her High School Musical: The Musical: The Series costar Joshua Bassett, music exec Zack Bia, Adam Faze, Ethan Wacker and most recently, Louis Partridge.
In 2023, the Get Him Back singer admitted to The Guardian that some of her hits are about her past relationships. But, she would not publicly match a specific song to an ex.
'I never want to say who my songs are about... I've never done that before in my career and probably won’t,' she said, 'I think it’s better to not pigeonhole a song to being about this one thing.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group