By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:21, 3 October 2024   |  Updated:  07:51, 3 October 2024   
 17
View  comments
Netflix made fans of a global star very happy on Wednesday when they announced a brand new concert film.
The announcement happened on Wednesday, which included a new poster and a release date, with fans not having to wait too long to see this.
The news comes as the tour this performer is on is about to wind down, with the special filmed during the singer's Los Angeles performance. 
Fans of this global superstar won't have to wait long for this special either, with it coming to the streaming service in less than a month.
Can you guess which massive star will have a concert film on Netflix in the next few weeks?
Netflix made fans of a global star very happy on Wednesday when they announced a brand new concert film
Can you guess which massive star will have a concert film on Netflix in the next few weeks? 
It's none other than Olivia Rodrigo, whose Intuit Dome performance in Los Angeles from her Guts World Tour will be featured in this special.
The streaming service debuted a poster for the special, revealing it will get ta global release on October 29.
The special will, 'give fans an exhilarating look inside Rodrigo’s massive, sold-out arena tour.'
'Prepare to scream, cry, dance, and sing your heart out to songs from her latest album, Guts, and her debut album, Sour,' the press release adds.
'I am so excited to share the Guts World Tour with my fans,' Rodrigo said in a statement.
'For those of you who didn’t get a chance to rock out in-person, now you can have the best seats in the house!' she added.
'And to the fans who cheered, screamed, and danced with me, I am so glad we get to do it all over again!' the singer concluded.
Fans were thrilled, taking to social media to celebrate the release of this concert film in just a few short weeks. 
It's none other than Olivia Rodrigo, whose Intuit Dome performance in Los Angeles from her Guts World Tour will be featured in this special.
The streaming service debuted a poster for the special, revealing it will get ta global release on October 29
Rodrigo herself took to both X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram, commenting on both of Netflix's official announcement posts.
Olivia Rodrigo reacts to her concert film announcement on Instagram.
Many fans expressed their joy as well such as @nvbrflush_ who said 'I AM SO EXCITED' while @c**trodrigo said, "WE WILL BE TUNED IN.'
@breywithfiree added, 'Something I wanna haveee' while @CDGalpha said, 'My whole timeline flooded with thissss' as @softbutsavage said, 'so exciting' with three flame emojis
Others reacted on Instagram like @ttristinleighh who said, 'OMG so I get to go to the concert twice? Hell yes.'
@loulivia__ added, 'Omg our superstar on Netflix, I'm so excited to watch it! Livies are so proud of you Olivia!' while @uniquelymbb said, 'OLIVIA RODRIGO WORLD DOMINATION'
@bertemusen11 said, 'SCREAMING, CRYING ROLLING AROUND,' while @amaylo.23 said, 'Not just a good idea. Best ideaaa.'
Rodrigo herself took to both X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram, commenting on both of Netflix's official announcement posts. 
Many fans expressed their joy as well such as @nvbrflush_ who said 'I AM SO EXCITED' while @c**trodrigo said, "WE WILL BE TUNED IN.' 
@breywithfiree added, 'Something I wanna haveee' while @CDGalpha said, 'My whole timeline flooded with thissss' as @softbutsavage said, 'so exciting' with three flame emojis.
Others reacted on Instagram like @ttristinleighh who said, 'OMG so I get to go to the concert twice? Hell yes.' 
@loulivia__ added, 'Omg our superstar on Netflix, I'm so excited to watch it! Livies are so proud of you Olivia!' while @uniquelymbb said, 'OLIVIA RODRIGO WORLD DOMINATION' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group