FYI, Kendall Jenner owns the same one in red!
Seventeen picks products that we think you'll love the most. We may earn commission from the links on this page.
Head's up: Olivia Rodrigo is currently on the European leg of her GUTS Tour, and I'm l-i-v-i-n-g for the 'fits (both on stage and off). This summer, her trademark Y2K-meets-pop-punk style has been replaced with something much more laidback, and most recently, she embraced the minimalist summer dress trend with a cool-girl closet staple: Ciao Lucia's smocked cotton Gabriela Dress in black. (Oh, and she also posted a selfie of herself wearing this same dress to her Stories back in January, so clearly, she's a fan!!)
Yep, it's a bit pricey at $295, but it's a classic dress that will last you forever, trust. Not looking to drop that much cash on a casual summer sundress? I feel you, so I found several just-as-cute alternatives for less $$$ that can serve as your new summer go-to.
Founded back in 2017 by self-proclaimed Italophile Lucy Akin, LA-based brand Ciao Lucia is all about helping you live ~la dolce vita~ (even if you're not lucky enough to be in Europe this summer)...and O-Rod def isn't the only celeb fan. Everyone from Kendall Jenner to Kaia Gerber to Sophia Bush has been spotted wearing the label's signature Gabriela Dress, which is beloved for its cute keyhole tie, flattering under-the-bust smocking, and on-trend midi length. 
The best part about the Gabriela Dress: It's so damn easy to style! Liv kept her lewk simple with a pair of Oliver Peoples x Khaite sunnies, and while you can't see her shoes in the pic (womp), pretty much any pair of sandals or casual sneakers would work. Brb, adding this bb to my cart before it sells out again!!
Corinne Sullivan is an Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers a variety of beats, including lifestyle, entertainment, relationships, shopping, and more. She can tell you everything you need to know about the love lives of A-listers, the coziest bedsheets, and the sex toys actually worth your $$$. She is also the author of the 2018 novel Indecent. Follow her on Instagram for cute pics of her pup and bébé. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.