Near the end of her set at TD Garden on Monday night, the singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo took a break from singing the loud-quiet-loud femininity critique “All American Bitch” to instruct the crowd to think of an entity that made them burst with rage — and then, when the lights went out, to scream as loud as they could.
That sort of catharsis runs throughout Rodrigo’s solo catalog, which at present contains two albums, 2021′s “Sour” and 2023′s “Guts,” as well as “Can’t Catch Me Now,” a spectral ballad released as a tie-in to last year’s installment in the “Hunger Games” franchise. Introduced to the public via Disney’s cross-platform behemoth — first through the vlog sitcom “Bizaardvark,” then on the meta-spinoff “High School Musical: The Musical: The Series” — she debuted as a solo artist with her 2021 single “Drivers License,” a heartbroken ballad that transformed a mundane trip through the suburbs into an opportunity to marinate in pain. With heartstring-yanking lyrics and music that went from simmer to boil, it shot to No. 1 on the Hot 100, putting the then-17-year-old at the top of pop’s heap.
Rodrigo could have followed that blockbuster single with an endless string of ballads; she has a powerful voice, wide vocal range, and finely tuned ability to imbue her songs with overwhelming emotion. Instead she released “Sour,” which had weepers like the bereft “Traitor” but also boasted the pop-punky “Good 4 U,” the swirling “Déjà vu,” and the ghostly “Jealousy, Jealousy,” pairing her thoughts about breakups, friendships, and growing up through catchy, left-turn-filled songs that brought to mind the halcyon days of ‘90s alt-rock.
Advertisement
“Guts,” which came out last fall and was reissued with bonus tracks last month, built on that ideal with songs that recalled the loopiness of The Breeders’ more upbeat tracks (“Bad Idea Right?”), the looseness of Austin weirdos Butthole Surfers’ buzz-binned “Pepper” (“Get Him Back!”), and the grand gestures of My Chemical Romance (“Vampire”). Rodrigo’s lyrics grew sharper and her targets more varied; the tremulous “Lacy” is a snapshot of a perhaps-too-charismatic woman, while the plush “Pretty Isn’t Pretty” takes aim at oppressive beauty standards. As Rodrigo noted on Monday, she only turned 21 in February; but as her records and live performances have shown, she’s already developed a strong talent for condensing the widescreen picture and tiny details of life’s slights into glittering alt-pop gems.
Rodrigo played most of her catalog during Monday’s raucous show — she returned for a second show Tuesday — during which she was accompanied by a tightly wound band and a legion of dancers. She was also joined by the crowd, a multi-generational mix of parents and kids, partners and friends, pop fans and rock revivalists, who sang — and screamed — along with what felt like every lyric, and who listened intently to her between-song banter. That unison scream near her main set’s close — which did bring to mind the time-worn cliché about roofs being blown off buildings — was an exclamation mark on a night jam-packed with big hooks and even bigger feelings.
Maura Johnston can be reached at maura@maura.com.
OLIVIA RODRIGO
With Chappell Roan. At TD Garden, Monday; also Tuesday.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information