To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
The Southern Charm-ers reveal where they stand after their tense exchange at the Season 9 reunion.
Olivia Flowers is letting the world know she still has love for Rodrigo Reyes. And the feeling apparently is mutual.
Watch Southern Charm on Bravo Thursdays at 8/7c and next day on Peacock. Catch up on Bravo.
The two set the record straight earlier this week, following their heated exchange at the Southern Charm Season 9 reunion. The drama played out in Part 2 of the special when Olivia re-addressed the kiss between her ex-boyfriend Austen Kroll and her former bestie Taylor Ann Green.
Host Andy Cohen pointed out that Olivia had seemingly given Austen a “pass” for the so-called hookup, but was less forgiving toward Taylor. Olivia said she understood why some people might think that, as she reconnected with Austen following the death of her brother Conner Flowers.
“Austen stepped in at a time where I was very vulnerable and broken, and I bonded with him,” she said before insisting she made several failed attempts to reconcile with Taylor. “I understand how it looks… I really tried with Taylor and it didn’t get me anywhere." 
Olivia said she felt betrayed after watching Season 9 and couldn't help but feel upset with Taylor.
"I knew you had a hard year," Olivia told her ex-friend. "I'm not trying to kick you while you're down."
“I don’t think that’s true,” Rodrigo interjected, to which Olivia replied, “I don’t care.”
“Olivia, I know you don’t care, but the problem is I’ve watched her (Taylor) throughout the season telling you she was sorry,” Rodrigo explained. “She f—ked up. Yes, she f—ked up. And you keep saying, ‘I’m not trying to kick her while she’s down.’ Girl, I’m watching you do it all the time.”
“How?” Olivia fired back. “I never said one bad thing about her up until this point, up until recently when I realized you (Taylor) were saying stuff about me… People wanted me to flip out, people wanted me to throw my drink at you, flip a table. I kept it completely positive. And I looked like an idiot because I was protecting a friendship that I thought we were both protecting. And watching it back, I realized I was the only one doing that. So forgive me for having a reaction.”
“I don’t think anyone would’ve ever faulted you for doing those things,” Rodrigo added, prompting Olivia to shout, “Shut up!”
About a week after the reunion aired, Olivia took to Instagram to make it clear she had no beef with Rodrigo. On January 24, the two stepped out to support Madison LeCroy’s new collaborative collection with Vici Dolls. The Southern Charm-ers attended the launch event alongside their castmates and snapped a sweet photo in which Olivia was seen kissing Rodrigo on the cheek.
Rodrigo reshared the picture in an Instagram Story, which quoted an iconic Housewives line: “So nasty and sooooo rude.”
RELATED: Madison LeCroy
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.