Olivia Rodrigo will begin the second leg of her "GUTS" world tour on July 19 in Philadelphia.Rebecca Villagracia | MLive.com
Olivia Rodrigo is finally back, and she’s ready to complete the second leg of her tour.
The singer will begin the second leg of her “GUTS” world tour on July 19 in Philadelphia and will wrap up on Aug. 21 in Inglewood, Calif.
PinkPantheress and The Breeders will be the openers for the second leg of her U.S. tour dates.
Now, spill your guts! Are you going to get tickets to see Olivia Rodrigo before it’s too late?
The piqued purple horde filled Madison Square Garden Friday and Olivia Rodrigo was UNSTOPPABLE! 🔥#oliviarodrigo #noahkahan #nyc #oliviarodrigosour 
If you don’t want to feel “Sour” about missing out on seeing Olivia Rodrigo during the second leg of her tour, then we suggest looking into buying tickets.
But similarly to what we saw with Rodrigo’s “Sour” tour, tickets are continuing to fly off the market, if they haven’t sold-out entirely already.
As ticket demand is high for this tour, it is important to snatch them up while they are still available.
You can also purchase tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of Olivia Rodrigo’s show dates is available here.
Olivia Rodrigo is not the only artist heading out on a massive tour.
Here are a few more tours you do not want to miss: Nicki Minaj, Sabrina Carpenter, Noah Kahan and Childish Gambino.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices