Search


Stuff





When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works
Home / Hot Stuff / You’ll never want to take these Sony buds out of your ears

	Sony's LinkBuds line-up gets bigger, with a new more comfortable option, new Open earbuds, and a Bluetooth speaker
There are plenty of popular wireless headphones to pick from, but Sony’s buds might be your best option. They give you the most features and some of the best audio quality you’ll find.
After launching the LinkBuds in 2022 with their quirky, open-ring design, the selection has gotten even bigger. Sony has just released two new options in the LinkBuds line-up, plus as a Bluetooth speaker.
First up, the LinkBuds Fit, promising unrivalled comfort. This is important because there’s only so long anyone can pretend earbuds aren’t jabbing into their skull. Sony developed these new Fitting Supporters and soft earbud tips that supposedly nestle in your ear like a baby bird. It’s all very poetic until you start sweating, but don’t worry, these buds come with an IPX4 water resistance rating, so sweat away.
Sony also packed in some tech for real-time noise-cancelling, the same chip from one of our top picks – the WF-1000XM5, no less. And for those who live for customisation, there are various colour options, including a rather predictable collaboration with Olivia Rodrigo.
Then there’s the LinkBuds Open. Their open-ring design lets you hear the world around you – like an always-on Transparency Mode. For anyone that’s eavesdropped on a conversation while pretending to listen to music, these are the buds for you. With adaptive volume control, you’ll never need to awkwardly pull them out when someone calls your name. Plus, they promise all-day comfort thanks to their ultra-light supporters. They’re available in black, white, and yes, the same violet hue from the Olivia Rodrigo collab.
And finally, Sony is throwing in the LinkBuds Speaker for good measure. This tiny beast promises well-balanced sound and impressive call quality. It’s portable, too, with a detachable strap so you can swing it around your wrist while pretending you’re in an iPod ad. Plus, it’s water-resistant and has a battery life of up to 25 hours..
The LinkBuds Fit and LinkBuds Open are both launching later in October, priced at £179/€200. If you’re eyeing up the LinkBuds Speaker, that’ll be available from the same time for £140/€160. You’ll be able to order directly from Sony.
Connor is a writer for Stuff, working across the magazine and the Stuff.tv website. He has been writing for around nine years now across the web and in print too. Connor has attended the biggest tech expos, including CES, MWC, and IFA – with contributions as a judge on panels at them. He's also been interviewed as a technology expert on TV and radio by national news outlets including France24.

Connor has experience with most major platforms, though does hold a place in his heart for macOS, iOS/iPadOS, electric vehicles, and smartphone tech. Just like everyone else around here, he's a fan of gadgets of all sorts. Aside from writing, Connor is involved in the startup and venture capital scene, which puts him at the front of new and exciting tech - he is always on the lookout for innovative products.
Mobile, macOS, EVs, smart home
The Panasonic RB-F10 open-ear buds should excel at mid-range audio, look comfortable with flexible silicone grips, and are IPX4 rated
Check out the best wireless earbuds from affordable in-ear options to premium models by Apple, Beats, Bose, and more
The 1More Sonoflow was a good price before – during Amazon’s Spring Sale, it’s an absolute bargain
Get the Stuff newsletter in your inbox!
Our pick of the best smartwatches around, based on extensive in-depth reviews
The Tudor Black Bay Chrono Carbon 25 is lightweight, aggressive, and dressed to match the Visa Cash App Racing Bulls Formula One team
Millions of homes just got dumber and our attitudes to smart tech a little bit cooler. Cheers, Google…
From the Galaxy S25 Ultra to the Pixel 9 Pro, these are the best phones with AI abilities
Not all heroes wear capes — we’ve watched and ranked all the Marvel movies for your watching pleasure
From compact slates to powerhouse devices, our buying guide features the best tablets you can buy right now


Stuff






		Kelsey Media, The Granary, Downs Court, Yalding Hill, Yalding, Kent ME18 6AL. © 2021 Kelsey Media Ltd, kelsey.co.uk