Winners of 28th annual Webby Awards include Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Timothée Chalamet, Jon Batiste, Katt Williams, Laverne Cox, Matt Rogers, Michelle Obama, Sydney Sweeney

								By 

	Todd Spangler

NY Digital Editor

	The winners of the 2024 Webby Awards, recognizing the best of the internet, have been announced. Among the honorees: Variety’s “Actors on Actors” — the awards-season franchise featuring conversations between two Hollywood stars — which won the Webby in the entertainment category for video series and channels.

	“Actors on Actors” also won the fan-voted People’s Voice Webby Award in the same category. Other nominees in the category were the “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” YouTube channel, Vox’s “Movies, Explained,” “Saturday Night Live” and We Are Broadway.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	“Actors on Actors” is the biggest awards season franchise on the Internet. The series celebrates the best movies and TV performances of the year timed to the Emmys and Oscars. In December 2023, the movies edition of “Actors on Actors” generated a record-breaking 145 million views on social media in its first two weeks of release. The conversation between Margot Robbie and Cillian Murphy — bringing Barbenheimer to life — has landed nearly 9 million views on YouTube.




			Popular on Variety		






	As part of Variety’s submission process, the videos included for Webbys consideration ranged from a conversation between Emmy winners Jeremy Allen White (“The Bear”) and Jennifer Coolidge (“White Lotus”); Jenna Ortega (“Wednesday”) and Elle Fanning (“The Great”); and a “Grey’s Anatomy” reunion with Ellen Pompeo and Katherine Heigl.

	“Actors on Actors” is produced by Variety‘s co-editor-in-chief Ramin Setoodeh and associate publisher Donna Pennestri. 

	The 28th Webby Awards are presented by the International Academy of Digital Arts & Sciences. The extensive list of winners includes: Adam Driver, Apple, Warner Bros.’s “Barbie,” Bowen Yang & Matt Rogers, Conan O’Brien, Emerson Collective, First We Feast, GLAAD, Google, Gretchen Whitmer, Gucci, Jason and Travis Kelce, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon, Jon Batiste, “The Kelly Clarkson Show,” Laverne Cox, Letterboxd, Megan Thee Stallion, Michelle Obama, NASA, National Geographic, Netflix, New York Times, NPR, Notion, Olivia Rodrigo, Ōura, Reddit, Runway, Ryan Gosling, “Saturday Night Live,” The Sphere in Las Vegas, Shopify, Spotify, Snoop Dogg, Sydney Sweeney, Taylor Swift, Timothée Chalamet, TLDR, Trixie Mattel, UNICEF, Vote.org and Yoko Ono.

	The full list of 2024 Webby Awards winners is at this link. The IADAS member selected the Webby Awards winners, while the fan-voted People’s Voice Awards were open to all members of the internet community.

	










	The 2024 Webbys also will present several Special Achievement Awards. Julia Louis-Dreyfus will receive the Webby Podcast of the Year Award for “Wiser Than Me”; Shannon Sharpe will receive the Webby Advocate of the Year, in recognition of “his significant impact in sports commentary, advocacy for racial equality, education and health” and his popular podcast, “Club Shay Shay”; Keke Palmer will receive a Webby Special Achievement Award for her “unparalleled contributions as an actress, activist and entrepreneur,” as well as for her unique brand of digital innovation on projects like Baby, This Is Keke Palmer and KeyTV; and tech journalist Kara Swisher will receive the Webby Lifetime Achievement Award for her work “covering a rapidly transforming industry” and “as a pioneering digital entrepreneur in her own right.”

	In addition, the 2024 Webby Podcast Company of the Year recipient is iHeartMedia, recognizing the organization that earned the most honors across the podcast categories (12 wins and 20 nominations overall) and PBS is the Webby Media Company of the Year for earning the most honors across all categories (11 wins and 13 nominations overall).

	This year’s Webby Awards ceremony will be held at New York City’s Cipriani Wall Street on Monday, May 13, hosted by Amber Ruffin, writer, comedian and “Late Night With Seth Meyers” mainstay. The Webbys will publish highlights and the hallmark five-word speeches from all the winners on May 13 on Instagram and TikTok. KPMG provides vote tabulation consulting for the Webby Awards.

2024 Webby Awards Winner Highlights
The Business of Entertainment