By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:23, 8 December 2024   |  Updated:  03:40, 8 December 2024   
 173
View  comments
Lana Del Rey, Charli XCX and Olivia Rodrigo brought a dose of pop star magnetism to the Variety's Hitmakers Brunch when it was thrown in Los Angeles this Saturday.
An impressive cavalcade of boldface names flocked to nya West, an event venue in the heart of the city located smack dab between Hollywood Boulevard and Sunset Boulevard.
But the showstopper among them was Charli, 32, who kept her 'Brat Summer' going into the Christmas season with a sizzling outfit certain to turn up the heat at the fete.
She freed the nipple by going bra-less under a head-turning see-through dress that featured Grecian style drapery and was cinched in to show off her hourglass frame.
Serving up a generous helping of cleavage in her bold ensemble, Charli proudly flaunted her assets whilst pulling her best smoldering supermodel stare for the cameras.
The Mean Girls songstress brought out her luminous complexion with naturalistic makeup and occasionally swung around to reveal that her floor-length gown was backless.
(from left) Lana Del Rey, Charli XCX and Olivia Rodrigo brought a dose of pop star magnetism to the Variety's Hitmakers Brunch when it was thrown in Los Angeles this Saturday
Meanwhile Olivia, 21, emphasized her enviably svelte figure in a slinky skintight black cocktail dress that was cut high enough to show off her vertiginous legs as she posed up a storm that afternoon.
She complemented the dress with a matching set of hose and ankle strap sneakers, sweeping her raven hair back into a ponytail and sharpening her screen siren features with flesh-tone lipstick.
Olivia enjoyed a meet-up with Icelandic-Chinese jazz-pong singer Laufey, whom she struck up a friendship with by cold-texting her, per Laufey's new interview in the Los Angeles Times.
Lana, who is about to celebrate her first Christmas with her new alligator tour guide husband Jeremy Dufrene, cut a conservative figure in an outfit not ill-suited to a Park Avenue society lady.
She modeled a muted midnight blue sweater over a set of black slacks, slinging on a simple black leather handbag and adding a splash of subtle glitz to the look with a small necklace, a set of earrings and a spartan bracelet.
While swanning about the fete, the A&W songstress could be spotted hobnobbing with her longtime collaborator Jack Antonoff, a music producer who also works frequently with Taylor Swift.
Shiva Baby actress Rachel Sennott took the plunge in a slinky scarlet minidress, Benson Boone rocked a leather jacket inspired by the 1930s Chanel suits and Gia De Sauvage made a splash in skintight black leather trousers.
Lainey Wilson showed off her impressively taut midriff in her peekaboo blouse, a frilly translucent blue number that matched her wide-brimmed cowgirl hat and went well with her flaxen hair.
The showstopper among them was Charli, 32, who kept her 'Brat Summer' going into the Christmas season with a sizzling outfit certain to turn up the heat at the fete
She freed the nipple by going bra-less under a head-turning see-through dress that featured Grecian style drapery and was cinched in to show off her hourglass frame
Olivia complemented the dress with a matching set of hose and ankle strap sneakers, sweeping her raven hair back into a ponytail and sharpening her screen siren features with flesh-tone lipstick
Olivia enjoyed a meet-up with Icelandic-Chinese jazz-pong singer Laufey, whom she struck up a friendship with by cold-texting her, per Laufey's new interview in the Los Angeles Times
Lana, who is about to celebrate her first Christmas with her new alligator tour guide husband Jeremy Dufrene, cut a conservative figure in an outfit not ill-suited to a Park Avenue society lady
While swanning about the fete, the A&W songstress could be spotted hobnobbing with her longtime collaborator Jack Antonoff, a music producer who also works frequently with Taylor Swift
(from left) Shiva Baby actress Rachel Sennott took the plunge in a slinky scarlet minidress, Benson Boone rocked a leather jacket inspired by the 1930s Chanel suits and Gia De Sauvage made a splash in skintight black leather trousers
Lainey Wilson showed off her impressively taut midriff in her peekaboo blouse, a frilly translucent blue number that matched her wide-brimmed cowgirl hat and went well with her flaxen hair
Lainey Wilson showed off her impressively taut midriff in her peekaboo blouse, a frilly translucent blue number that matched her wide-brimmed cowgirl hat and went well with her flaxen hair
(from left) Songwriter Jackson LaFrantz Larsen was a smoldering sensation in head-to-toe black, while Young Miko wore deep blue schoolgirl-inspired gear and Dasha slipped into a structured black mini
Babyface was a sight to see in a glistening black and silver Balmain jacket, left mostly open over a basic black turtleneck and trousers in a look jazzed up with a medallion necklace and Versace sunglasses
(from left) Doechii recalled Marlene Dietrich in a stylish pinstriped men's suit cut off above the ankle, while Flavor Flav radiated bonhomie in triple denim and Raye was every inch the busty bombshell in a corset-inspired frock
Pianist Amun Starr made her presence felt in a clinging black leather dress - a strapless number that highlighted her toned physique and featured a neckline low enough to bare a touch of cleavage
Caroline Polachek (center), flashing the flesh in loosely strapped-up royal purple blouse, enjoyed a warm moment on the green carpet with two of her collaborators, producers Dan Nigro (left) and Amy Allen (right)
The country music superstar teamed the top with a black set of bell bottoms that brought back memories of the 1970s and clashed elegantly against the rest of the outfit.
Songwriter Jackson LaFrantz Larsen was a smoldering sensation in head-to-toe black, while Young Miko wore deep blue schoolgirl-inspired gear and Dasha slipped into a structured black mini.
Babyface was a sight to see in a glistening black and silver Balmain jacket, left mostly open over a basic black turtleneck and trousers in a look jazzed up with a medallion necklace and Versace sunglasses.
Doechii recalled Marlene Dietrich in a stylish pinstriped men's suit cut off above the ankle, while Flavor Flav radiated bonhomie in triple denim and Raye was every inch the busty bombshell in a corset-inspired frock.
Pianist Amun Starr made her presence felt in a clinging black leather dress - a strapless number that highlighted her toned physique and featured a neckline low enough to bare a touch of cleavage.
Caroline Polachek, flashing the flesh in loosely strapped-up royal purple blouse, enjoyed a warm moment on the green carpet with two of her collaborators, producers Dan Nigro and Amy Allen.
Names galore could be seen mingling inside the party, where Amy, Olivia Laufey, Caroline and Charli all gathered together for a dazzling star-studded group shot to remember
Olivia was also spotted enjoying a bit of a hobnob with Doechii (left), while veteran songwriter Diane Warren was able to meet up with Wendy Goldstein, one of the co-presidents of Republic Records (right)
Flavor Flav enjoyed the company of none other than Grace Bowers, a teenage guitar prodigy from Nashville who released her debut studio album Wine On Venus earlier this year
Babyface meanwhile could be spotted having a heartwarming reunion with Doechii, who was one of the all-female lineup of featured artists on his 2022 album Girls Night Out
Names galore could be seen mingling inside the party, where Amy, Olivia Laufey, Caroline and Charli all gathered together for a dazzling star-studded group shot to remember.
Olivia was also spotted enjoying a bit of a hobnob with Doechii, while veteran songwriter Diane Warren was able to meet up with Wendy Goldstein, one of the co-presidents of Republic Records.
Flavor Flav enjoyed the company of none other than Grace Bowers, a teenage guitar prodigy from Nashville who released her debut studio album Wine On Venus earlier this year.
Babyface meanwhile could be spotted having a heartwarming reunion with Doechii, who was one of the all-female lineup of featured artists on his 2022 album Girls Night Out. 
Look at those dead eyes.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group