A 'frustrated' mum has taken to Tik Tok to share a song about the postponed Olivia Rodrigo gigs at the Co-op. In the video Claire Baty, 48, sings lines like, "you postponed us, can't believe you still haven't told us new dates for the concert", and "it's not your fault but Olivia please don't ghost us."
Many of the comments are in support of Claire with fans in similar positions wading in to praise and agree with her in true gen z fashion. Speaking about the reaction, Claire said: “I’ve never posted on Tik Tok before, so my daughter helped me do it and it got quite successful.
"Maybe not successful in the grand scheme of Tik Tok. But for me, thousands of people are looking, and it got some good comments.
READ MORE: Olivia Rodrigo spotted in Manchester in 'surreal' surprise visit with actor boyfriend Louis Partridge
“I’m a 48-year-old mother of two who only just learned how to play the guitar a year ago. So I’m not up on this generation's slang.
“It’s words like ‘queen’ and ‘slay’ and I’ve had to ask my daughter if that means good or bad things but apparently it’s positive."
Fans have been waiting in limbo for almost three months after Olivia Rodrigo's headline shows at the brand new venue was cancelled with just 48 hours notice.
The pop singer was set to perform at the Co-op with on May 3 and May 4 but plans were scuppered when Co-op bosses took to social media to announce the postponement due to an 'on-going venue-related technical issue.'
Dates for new shows have not yet been confirmed and Co-op Live's boss Tim Leiweke told the M.E.N. that the venue had provided the singer with alternatives and that the decision on rescheduling was 'up to her'.
Back in May Mr Leiweke said: "Olivia has three sets of dates and we’re waiting on her to make a decision, that’s up to her.
"We’ve given her three sets of dates and she’s figuring it out whether to add on to her European schedule, her Asian tour or on her second leg which may fall later than we want, but it’s up to her."
Claire, from Altrincham, is one of the people waiting to hear back about the new gigs. The mum-of-two had originally planned to take her 12-year-old daughter, Eliza, to her first concert in May and spent around £400 on tickets.
“We bought them in Viagogo because they’d already sold out." She told the M.E.N.
"So I think I spent around £400, probably more. Because I bought them off a resale site, I can’t cancel or get my money back.
“If the gig gets cancelled, I get my money back. But, while it’s in this limbo state, I have to wait for a new date.
“If I couldn’t make the new date, I could resell it but I can’t get my refund right now. The day it was cancelled there so many people that had turned up because they travelled to Manchester, and they won’t get their money back for that, the hotels and travel.
“It’s frustrating.”
By day, Claire works as head of compliance for Auto Trader. She recently got into performing three years ago after joining local choir group, Alty Voices, before learning how to play the guitar.
She said she inspired to write the song after Rodrigo posted on her Tik Tok account that the European leg of her world tour was over. The video has since received over 5k likes with almost 60k views.
Claire told the M.E.N: “We’ve literally had no communication from either Olivia Rodrigo herself, Ticketmaster or Co-op Live. Nobody has been in touch at all. The reason I did the song was because she posted on her own tik tok account, ‘bye bye Europe, I finished my tour now.'
“I was thinking, ‘what about Manchester? You’ve left us off the list.' She was in Manchester like two weeks ago, there was lots of coverage of her and I thought, ‘God, you could have said something’.
“I made a video about it because it might just bring attention to the issue."
Co-op Live and Live Nation have been approached for comment.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.