Olivia Rodrigo skipped the 2024 MTV VMAs—but it was for good reason. Keep reading to find out why the “Drivers License” singer celebrated her four Guts nominations while traveling Europe.  
Olivia Rodrigo took 3 steps back from the VMAs.
While stars like Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Tyla gathered at UBS Arena in New York for the 2024 MTV VMAs Sept. 11, the “Vampire” singer, who was up for four awards, was noticeable absent.
As for why Olivia didn’t make an appearance at the award show? The 21-year-old was preoccupied with the Guts World Tour. After wrapping up the North American leg of her tour, the “Traitor” singer celebrated the first anniversary of her second album while frolicking through Europe.  
“this is me today happy as a clam, grateful as hell,” Olivia—who is dating Louis Partridge—wrote in her Sept. 8 Instagram post, posing in front of a stunning landscape, complete with a vivid rainbow. “thank you so much for all the love you’ve shown this album the past 365 days. life is fu--in magical.”
But she can’t galivant through European fields for too long, as she is expected at the Impact Arena in Bangkok to kick off the Asia and Australia legs of her tour on Sept. 15.
While Olivia couldn’t make it to the ceremony in-person, that didn’t stop the VMAs from celebrating Guts as well. In addition to being nominated for Best Pop, she also earned nods for Best Cinematography for her “obsessed” music video, Best Art Direction for “bad idea right?” and Best Visual Effects for “get him back!”
And the VMAs brought so many more accomplishments to celebrate, with big winners including Chappell for Best New Artist, Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” for Song of the Year and Taylor taking home the Artist of the Year trophy for the second year in a row—making her the first performer to win that award twice.  
Katy Perry, who attended the award show for the first time since 2017, also reached a huge career milestone by taking home the show’s lifetime achievement Video Vanguard Award—which was presented to her by her fiancé Orlando Bloom.
“My Katy Cats, you stood by me for a lifetime, and the LGBTQ community who I recognize I would not be here without and who show me that you can be both kind and c--t,” she said in her acceptance speech before shouting out the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. “Thank you to Orlando for keeping me grounded, celebrated, and doing the dishes.”
And the awards wouldn’t be complete without stunning outfits on the red carpet. Keep reading to see what your favorite attendees wore to the VMAs.
Addison Rae
In Miss Claire Sullivan
Taylor Swift
In Christian Dior
Megan Thee Stallion
In Nicole + Felicia
Katy Perry
In Who Decides War
Lil Nas X
Sabrina Carpenter
In vintage Bob Mackie
Megan Thee Stallion
Camila Cabello
In Tony Ward
Halle Bailey
In Sophie Couture
Chappell Roan
In Y/Project
Paris Hilton
In Celia Kritharioti
Shawn Mendes
In Dolce & Gabbana
Halsey
In vintage Versace
Miranda Lambert
Coco Jones
In Lever Couture and Jared Atelier jewelry
Lisa
In Mugler
Lenny Kravitz
Colton Haynes
Karol G
In Véronique Leroy
Anitta
In Dolce & Gabbana
Tinashe
In Rick Owens
Alessandra Ambosio
Rauw Alejandro
In Saint Laurent
Tyler Posey
Big Sean
GloRilla
Chanel West Coast
Lauren Sorrentino & Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino
Tyla
In Area 
Jordan Chiles
In Off-White
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.