Actually I lied, it's kinda dramatic. 
Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan just ended their relationship after a deeply horny year full of mutual and very public thirst. And while we take some time to manifest Sabrina and Marcello Hernández getting together (I can feel it in the winds), we're taking a look back at Sabrina's dating history. Which is kiiiinda dramatic as anyone who wasn't Marked Safe From™ 2021's Sabrina x Olivia x Joshua love triangle is well aware. 
So yeah, let's get into it—and I personally encourage you to listen to "Juno" as background music for this article.
Sabrina and Good Luck Charlie's Bradley Steven Perry lasted a full year before breaking up, and Sabrina even told J-14 how he first asked her out, saying  “[It was a] really unique way to ask someone out. [It was] like the pirate movies, like, they do the little bottles and they put notes in them and send them across the ocean, like one of those, and [he] put a note inside. It was cute."
Honestly the photos from this time are ancient and deleted, so thank god for fan accounts:
FYI, Bradley recently chatted about dating Sabrina on a podcast (without naming names), saying "My first girlfriend’s doing way better than anyone mostly in the world, I would say. She’s way too good for this podcast."
Sabrina and Griffin starred in Tall Girl together and were rumored to be dating, showing up to several events looking all cute. Nothing was confirmed, though!
Nothing was ever confirmed, but back in 2020 fans became convinced that Joshua Bassett and Olivia Rodrigo had broken up, and doubly convinced that he'd moved on with Sabrina Carpenter. Relationship rumors persisted for months, but things really kicked off when these two did a couple's costume for Halloween.
Cut to Olivia Rodrigo, who dropped "Drivers License" in January 2021 which fans thought was about Josh dating Sabrina. I mean, verse 2 anyone?
"And you’re probably with that blonde girlWho always made me doubtShe’s so much older than meShe’s everything I’m insecure aboutYeah, today I drove through the suburbs’Cause how could I ever love someone else?"
Anyway, Olivia pulled a Mariah Carey and said the song couldn't be about Sabrina because she didn't "know her." And then Sabrina dropped her song "Skin," which everyone thought was about Olivia thanks to lyrics like "Maybe you didn’t mean it / Maybe blonde was the only rhyme.” Though she denied this, saying “‘Skin’—I can’t stress this enough—is not about one person.” 
Dylan and Sabrina were spotted by several DeuxMoi tipsters—one of whom reported "Sabrina Carpenter and Dylan O'Brien making out in nyc!!!! at attaboy."
Seems like it was pretty short-lived, though!
DeuxMoi once again came through with the tea when a tipster wrote in: “Spotted Shawn Mendes and Sabrina Carpenter on clearly a date at Horses anon pls." Things escalated in March when the pair were spotted leaving Miley Cyrus' album release party together...
And then Sabrina simply couldn't stop glancing at Shawn during the Vanity Fair Oscars Party:
A source then confirmed to Entertainment Tonight that Shawn and Sabrina were "seeing each other," buuut Shawn denied the report, telling RTL Boulevard “We are not dating.”
TBD on when these two officially ended things, but fans are convinced that Sabrina's songs  “Coincidence,” and “Taste” are about Shawn still being hung up on Camila Cabello while he was with her. 
Ahem, some lyrics from "Coincidence?"
“Last week, you didn’t have any doubtsThis week, you’re holding space for her tongue in your mouthNow shе’s sendin’ you some pictures wеarin’ less and lessTryna turn the past into the present tense, huhSuckin’ up to all of your mutual friends.”
Aaaaaand "Taste"?
“I heard you're back together and if that's trueYou'll just have to taste me when he's kissin' youIf you want forever, and I bet you doJust know you'll taste me too.”
Barry and Sabrina were photographed on a dinner date in December of 2023, kicking off official dating rumors. And it wasn't long until they were attending events together!
By February Barry was leaving cute comments on Sabrina's posts:
And by March he was watching her perform at the Eras Tour and wearing a friendship bracelet with her name:
Cut to May and these two attended the Met Gala together:
And then Barry starred in Sabrina's "Please Please Please" video in June:
Things were going strong until August, when a source told  People that Sabrina and Barry were “on and off.” And by December? They were done done. As a source once again put it to People, the pair "decided to take a break" because "they are both young and career-focused."
That brings us up to date, but we'll be adding to this dating history should any developments occur....
Ice Spice & Sauce Gardner’s Relationship Timeline
Shailene Woodley and Lucas Bravo's Ship Timeline
An Exact Timeline of Ariana and Ethan’s ‘Ship
Jennifer Garner and John Miller's 'Ship Timeline
Addison Rae and Omer Fedi's Full Timeline
All the Deets on Kristen Stewart’s Fiancée, Dylan
Rami Malek and Emma Corrin’s Relationship Timeline
Who is JoJo Siwa's partner Kath Ebbs?
All About Paul & Gracie’s Low-key Relationship
A Timeline of Justin and Hailey’s Love Story 
Millie Reveals Plans to Start a Family With Jake 
The Latest on Gigi and Bradley, Right This Way
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.