By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:25, 29 April 2024   |  Updated:  21:26, 29 April 2024   
 14
View  comments
Hope you didn't throw away that old Urban Decay Naked palette. 
The nostalgic palette beloved by millennials in the early aughts has made its triumphant return and is being embraced by Gen Z, as the coquette trend continues and women opt for youthful, fresh faces with a hint of glitter, a la Olivia Rodrigo and Sabrina Carpenter. 
Afterpay ambassador and fashion psychologist Shakaila Forbes-Bell said that the trend had hints of nostalgia, and Urban Decay's head of global artistry Steve Kassajikian broke down how to try it at home. 
If you want to channel your inner coquette with a bit of a Y2K edge, here's exactly how to do it and why it's so popular. 
The coquette trend continues and Gen Z women opt for youthful, fresh faces with a hint of glitter, a la Sabrina Carpenter
Olivia Rodrigo embraces Y2K vibes in her pop punk music, vintage clothing, and even with her glittering beauty looks 
Afterpay Ambassador and fashion psychologist Shakaila Forbes-Bell said that the coquette trend offered hints of nostalgia
Urban Decay's head of global artistry Steve Kassajikian (pictured above with Bebe Rexha) broke down how to try the makeup looks at home
'Embracing these kinds of looks is rooted in psychology,' Shakaila told DailyMail.com. 
'There is a hypothesis called the baby face hypothesis and in a study, it was found that adults who appear to have higher levels of baby faces are perceived to cause greater competence.
'There are also benefits with embracing the coquette style and research has shown that having a baby face can change how we are perceived and explains that we believe people with baby faces should be treated kindly.' 
According to data on Afterpay, where people are able to buy items immediately and pay over time, the most popular coquette makeup looks are eyeshadow sticks, lip stains, pink eyeshadow, false eyelashes, and white eyeliner. 
Shoppers are also fans of hyper-feminine doll lashes, shimmering highlighter, soft pink blush and romantic lip stains.  
On TikTok, Gen Z is embracing the coquette beauty look, making videos about how to achieve the baby-faced, doll eyed look Sabrina Carpenter has mastered, with loads of bright pink blush and fluttering lashes.
Influencers make beauty tutorials about how to obtain the wide-eyed glam, calling Sabrina 'the blueprint.' 
The Y2K beauty look is extremely similar to the light makeup beloved by those who embrace the coquette aesthetic, only with a bit of glitter - think about Olivia's shimmer for inspiration. 
Celebrity makeup artist Steve, who works with Bebe Rexha, Tinashe, and Chloe Cherry (above), has mastered the coquette beauty look on his clients
The Naked palettes aren't the only Y2K Urban Decay products making a comeback - the eye pencils in edgy shades like smog, roach, and mildew are a fan favorite, as well as glitter liners
Steve said to achieve the girlish beauty aesthetic he keeps 'the skin soft and natural, the lips sheer and glossy and the cheeks and eyes should be cohesive with soft, romantic pink tones'
If you want to opt for a full Y2K face - but have it still fresh - Steve said it was best to use a dewy liquid blush, keep the brows fluffy, and create a smoky eye with shimmer
Celebrity makeup artist Steve, who is based in Los Angeles, has mastered the coquette beauty look on his clients, including Bebe Rexha, Tinashe, and Chloe Cherry.
Steve said to achieve the girlish beauty aesthetic he kept 'the skin soft and natural, the lips sheer and glossy, and the cheeks and eyes should be cohesive with soft, romantic pink tones to give a monochromatic finish topped with wispy lashes.'
'It's ultra-feminine, romantic, and complimentary on everyone and every eye shape,' the makeup artist raved about the beauty trend, which is also being embraced on TikTok. 
Fittingly, the coquette beauty look coincides with Gen Z opting for Y2K fashion while thrifting.
'This look feels nostalgic which looks from past decades are making such a comeback at the moment,' Steve agreed.
The Naked palettes aren't the only iconic Y2K Urban Decay products making a comeback - the eye pencils in edgy shades like smog, roach, and mildew are a fan favorite, as well as the glitter liners. 
And if you want to opt for a full Y2K face - but keep it fresh, and not like you're on a trip to Abercrombie & Fitch in 2004 - Steve said it's best to use a dewy liquid blush, keep the brows fluffy, and create a smoky eye with a bit of Space Cowboy shimmer on the inner corners and matching eyeliner.
Whether you're feeling like a coquette or want to show your love for shimmer, it's easy to make these classic looks feel new and on-trend.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group