Taylor Swift fans reckon they they know exactly who she is referring to in the last verse of the last track on her new album.
The American superstar, 34, released her album, The Tortured Poets Department, today. Fans were left scratching their head over some of the people she was referring to in her tracks.
However, they knew exactly who she was singing about in tune Clara Bow from her album - and were convinced it was about her 'fall-out' with Olivia. Taylor sings the lyrics: "You look like Taylor Swift in this light, we're loving it. You've got edge, she never did. The future's bright, dazzling."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Inside Matty Healy's star-studded love life as Taylor Swift brands him 'smallest man who ever lived'
Olivia's friendship with Taylor - who she once called her "hero" - was thought to have become strained when she had to hand over songwriting credits to her and her co-writer Jack Antonoff for two songs from her album Sour. The ruling came when her tracks Step Forward, 3 Steps Back and Deja Vu were deemed to have similarities to Taylor's hits New Years Day and Cruel Summer.
At the time she reportedly had the shell out huge sums of money after retroactively giving other singers and songwriters credits on some of her most popular songs after a resemblance was spotted. Olivia addressed rumours of tension between the two stars in a chat with Rolling Stone last September.
After hearing Taylor's track Clara Bow, fans flocked to X to comment saying it was about Olivia, after suspecting beef between them. One said: "Am I the only one who thinks this is about Olivia Rodrigo? " Another said: "Clara Bow is about Olivia Rodrigo at the end."
A third chimed in: "Clara Bow being about Olivia Rodrigo." A fourth chuckled: "Now is it a coincidence that Clara Bow rhymes with Olivia Rodrigo?"
Taylor broke the internet when she dropped her epic new album today. The Tortured Poets Department is a heartbreak album and is speculated to be about the breakdown of her and ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn's relationship, which led to them splitting last April.
She teased fans with new lyrics while promoting a special edition of her new record. Taking to X today, Taylor penned: "I wish I could un-recall how we almost had it all," before adding: "Pre-order THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT on phantom clear vinyl now exclusively at Target."
Her other exes did not get off the hook either and were also speculated to have been referenced too. She is said to have savaged ex Matty Healy on The Tortured Poets Department as she crowned him The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived.
Fans reckon that the title track of the new album was about her brief romance with longtime pal Matty, who she dated in May and June last year following her break-up with Joe. Lyrics on the song seem to be a direct reference to the 1975 frontman, as Taylor sings: "Sometimes I wonder if you're gonna screw this up with me/ But you told Lucy you'd kill yourself if I ever leave," with fans speculating she was referring to musician Lucy Dacus, who is friends with Matty.
The savvy star sent out a message to trolls not to go after her exes on her behalf.
She wrote on Instagram: "The Tortured Poets Department. An anthology of new works that reflect events, opinions and sentiments from a fleeting and fatalistic moment in time – one that was both sensational and sorrowful in equal measure. This period of the author’s life is now over, the chapter closed and boarded up."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.