Manage your account
As part of Olivia Rodrigo’s partnership with the National Network of Abortion Funds, the singer’s St. Louis show on Tuesday featured the dispersion of free condoms and emergency contraceptive pills to concertgoers in Missouri, a state where abortion rights are currently under attack following the repeal of Roe vs. Wade.
Throughout the Guts World Tour, Rodrigo has provided in-arena harbor to local abortion groups, and while previous stops on the trek have similarly included the handing out of contraceptives, the efforts in Missouri — where abortion has faced a near-total ban since 2022 — sparked headlines Wednesday due to how close it comes in conflict with state law.
More from Rolling Stone
Sheryl Crow Joins Olivia Rodrigo to Perform 'If It Makes You Happy' in Nashville
Fired-Up Biden Takes Aim at His 'Predecessor' in Rousing SOTU
Teen Angst Chic Is Back - What to Wear to Olivia Rodrigo's 'Guts' World Tour
“It’s brutal out here in Missouri, but we are here for abortion access and hand out Plan B,” Missouri Abortion Fund, who, along with pro-abortion group Right By You, distributed the free Julie emergency contraceptive pills.
“It hasn’t been lost on us that there’s been more coverage over Plan B than there has about funding abortion,” Robin Frisella, Community Engagement Director at Missouri Abortion Fund, tells Rolling Stone.
A rep for Julie added in a statement to Rolling Stone, “We launched Julie to rewrite the morning-after experience for a new generation. Replacing the stigma and shame often associated with emergency contraception with access, exploration, and education is core to who we are, and we’re thankful for artists like Olivia Rodrigo and initiatives like the Missouri Abortion Fund who share our mission.”
Frisella witnessed firsthand the “extremely encouraging” response from concertgoers at the St. Louis stop, who were “very surprised that they were not asked to pay” for the contraceptives. “It was great to hear that response and for new people to find out that we exist,” she adds.
In Missouri, the ban on abortion is so severe that lawmakers recently blocked a bill that would make the procedure legal for victims of incest and rape. KFVS reported Wednesday that pro-life groups in the state have also lobbied for lawmakers to target IVF, make abortions punishable by murder charges, and even make access to the morning-after pill illegal, which makes the actions at Rodrigo’s St. Louis show all the more noteworthy.
After kicking off her Guts World Tour in February, Rodrigo announced announced the launch of Fund 4 Good, a initiative for reproductive health. Named after her hit “good 4 u,” the fund directs a share of all ticket proceeds from North American stops of the Guts tour to the National Network of Abortion Funds (NNAF), as well as providing organizational tents for the local groups at each arena.
“I have Gen Z daughters and so I just absolutely love this generation,” Frisella said. “They’re just curious and want to be empowered. The opportunity to learn more about their own reproductive health care does that.”
UPDATE: (3/14/24, 10:05 a.m.) The headline of this article has been amended.
Best of Rolling Stone
The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time
All 243 of Taylor Swift's Songs, Ranked
Carrie Underwood Was a Teenage Metalhead: Her Best Hard Rock Covers