At NYLON, we pride ourselves on knowing the nocturnal. The places to go, the people to see, the bites to eat — when the sun goes down, for us, that's when a city comes alive. And for our first annual NYLON Nights issue, we're putting a spotlight on the city that never sleeps: New York City.
I am thrilled to present the debut of the NYLON Nights Awards, celebrating the best of NYC, from the best new martini to the best bar to visit before and after midnight (as any New Yorker knows, those are two vastly different locations), and everything in between — including the inaugural Legend Award to the icon that is Kiki's. Let us know what city you want to see next.
Also in the issue: Deputy Features Director Nolan Feeney spends a night out in Bushwick with Jade Thirlwall, one of pop's most intriguing breakouts; we break down a timeline of fashion's favorite hot spots, from Indochine to Jean's; and get a firsthand account of why one New Yorker chose to cancel her private club membership. Plus, guides to the most beloved places to be, straight from Olivia Rodrigo, Julia Fox, Amelia Gray, Alix Earle, and more.
Enjoy the issue, and I'll meet you at the bar — martinis on me.
— Lauren McCarthy, Editor-in-Chief
Night Out
A Night Out With Jade Thirlwall
Nylon Nights
The 2024 NYLON Nights Awards
Nylon Nights
10 Celebrities On Their Fantasy Nights Out In New York
NYLON Nights
A Timeline Of The Most Popular Fashion Venues
NYLON Nights
I'm A Members Club Dropout
“I love the Box because it’s a mix of my two favorite things — live performance and a club. I won’t spoil the fun of what goes on in there, but it’s unlike anywhere I’ve ever been. You’re never bored, and I always leave there having had a good time!”
Alix Earle
“Las Lap in the Lower East Side has great music and the food is bomb! I love Black-owned anything, but this bar has a great vibe. I pull up every time I’m in the city.”
Coco Jones
“When I’m in New York City, my favorite place to go out is anywhere. I’m happy just to stare at the floor because it’s the floor of NYC lol. A spot I like though is Ella Funt. I’m still getting to know the city, but I had dinner and drinks there on my last trip and the energy was cool. I’m not much of a club person, so I appreciate a fun place to sit and drink and talk.”
Madeline Argy
“I don't want to give too much away, but my favorite place is Waverly Inn. It’s so good and such a vibe.”
Olivia Rodrigo
"New York City is so special because you can have any kind of night you want to. From karaoke bars to restaurants that turn into clubs, there’s something for everyone. I have definitely been sampling around and seeing what I like, which right now for dinner seems to be Lucien (for the steak frites and peppercorn sauce, great drinks, and ambiance). However, it does get very busy. In terms of going out, I love Le Dive and have always had a great time there. A night out going to Lucien for dinner and then heading to Le Dive to let loose sounds like the best night to me!"
Francesca Scorsese
“Buvette, the little French spot tucked away in the West Village, holds a special place in my heart. Sitting outside for an early autumn dinner with hot tea is my favorite. Get the Moules au Curry!”
Laufey