Albums from Olivia Rodrigo and Ariana Grande have also been given a 'Dress To Impress' reworking
Pop fans have taken to Roblox’s Dress To Impress minigame to recreate iconic albums from the likes of Taylor Swift and Sabrina Carpenter.
Dress To Impress is a speed-based Roblox fashion game that tasks players with creating themed looks before they showcase them on the runway. However, a number of pop fans are moving away from the competitive nature of being a Roblox fashion designer and copying iconic album covers instead.
Sharing their designs on social media, one fan has recreated every one of Taylor Swift’s 11 albums, from 2006’s self-titled to 2024’s ‘The Tortured Poets Department‘, as well as a handful of alternative bonus artwork.
୨୧ lover (2019) ꩜ .ᐟ pic.twitter.com/yHaEkIJEsH
— ✩ (@newromathics) July 19, 2024
They’ve also taken on the back catalogues of Sabrina Carpenter and Olivia Rodrigo, with Carpenter’s recently released ‘Short N’ Sweet’ and Rodrigo’s ‘GUTS’ both getting a Dress To Impress reworking.
୨ ୧ short 'n sweet (2024) ꩜ .ᐟ pic.twitter.com/VG8HWNF1sG
— ✩ (@newromathics) July 21, 2024
୨ ୧ sweetener (2018) ꩜ .ᐟ pic.twitter.com/1e81JwuoB9
— ✩ (@newromathics) July 22, 2024
Ariana Grande’s discography has also been Dress To Impress-ed, while other fans have made the cover of Britney Spears’ 2003 album ‘In The Zone’ and taken inspiration from Halsey’s recently released ‘The Great Impersonator’.
Taking things one step further, Swifites have been busy copying some of Taylor Swift’s most memorable red carpet choices as well as her ‘Eras Tour’ outfits.
– Grammy 2024. pic.twitter.com/BvmWj6hdEa
— so long, joão (@loverhouse) October 26, 2024
just made taylor swift in dress to impress….again. pic.twitter.com/7NKAfEakql
— andrian⸆⸉ (#1 rwylm, the last time, & cososom stan (@rwyl_andrian_13) October 26, 2024
Earlier this year, Sabrina Carpenter fans celebrated the singer’s ‘Short N’ Sweet’ arena tour by recreating it in Dress To Impress while an official ‘Brat’-inspired collab with Charli XCX helped Roblox have its busiest ever day.
It’s not all good, wholesome fun though. Roblox was forced to remove the hotdog outfit from its recent Halloween update due to some players making it into a NSFW look instead. “We want to create a safe and friendly environment for our players and it was not intended to be used this way,” explained one Dress To Impress developer, with the game’s community manager adding: “Sadly there always has to be people who spoil it for everyone else.”
In other news, the Kamala Harris election campaign continued on Twitch this weekend, with vice president candidate Tim Walz streaming Crazy Taxi.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.