"So much luv for everyone who has been coming 2 jump and sing and scream!!! Asia and Australia dates just announced!!! hope to see ya there," wrote the singer on Instagram 
Olivia Rodrigo has announced the Asia and Australia leg of her 2024 ‘Guts’ world tour set to kick off later this year.
The Asian leg of the tour will kick off on September 16 at the Impact Arena in Bangkok. From there, the ‘Love Is Embarrassing’ singer will be making stops in Seoul, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore. A Manila date is set to be released soon.
From there, she will head on down under on October 9 playing two shows in Melbourne and Sydney each. Benee will be serving as opening support for all Australian dates. The new dates will mark the pop star’s first time touring in either country.
At the time of writing, details for the ticket releases and on-sale times have yet to be shared.
A post shared by Olivia Rodrigo (@oliviarodrigo)
SEPTEMBER 
16 – Bangkok, Impact Arena 
20 – Seoul, Jamsil Arena
24 – Hong Kong, Asiaworld-Arena
OCTOBER
1 – Singapore, Singapore Indoor Stadium 
9 – Melbourne, AU, ROd Laver Arena 
11 – Melbourne, AU, ROd Laver Arena 
17 – Sydney, AU, Qudos Bank Arena 
18 – Sydney, AU, Qudos Bank Arena 
“Europe leg of the GUTS world tour has been wonderful so far!!!!,” the singer wrote in an Instagram caption. “So much luv for everyone who has been coming 2 jump and sing and scream!!! Asia and Australia dates just announced!!! hope to see ya there!!!”
The new tour dates come after Rodrigo’s ‘Guts’ shows at The Co-Op Arena in Manchester were pushed back due to ongoing technical issues at the arena.
She spoke out about the shows being postponed at the last minute, saying that she was “so disappointed” by the news.
“I’ve been having such a great time in Europe so far and I’m sooooo disappointed that we’re unable to perform in Manchester due to on-going venue-related technical issues,” she explained, writing on Instagram Stories.
“We’re doing our best to reschedule the show. you can hold onto your tickets for further info or request a refund at your point of purchase. More info will be sent directly to ticket holders,” she added. “I’m so bummed and I really hope to see you all soon”.
In other news, Rodrigo recently appeared as a surprise guest during No Doubt’s 2024 Coachella reunion set. Together they performed a a rendition of the band’s 2000 track ‘Bathwater’ from their album ‘Return Of Saturn’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.