Grab their favorite pieces starting at under $100.
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
It’s not often that a jewelry brand is editor-approved, celebrity-worn, and reasonably affordable, but Toronto-based label Mejuri checks all those boxes. From budget-friendly everyday staples to investment-worthy fine jewelry, the minimalist brand truly offers something for every occasion and budget—which is precisely why I’ve been wearing (and gifting) Mejuri jewelry for over five years now. Learning that A-listers like Taylor Swift, Meghan Markle, Selena Gomez, and Sydney Sweeney are fellow fans only further cemented Mejuri as one of the best jewelry brands in my rotation.
“As a self-proclaimed jewelry fanatic, I’ve found Mejuri to be a great place to start your jewelry collection,” adds Dale Arden Chong, ELLE senior fashion commerce editor. “The pieces feel modern yet timeless, ranging from dainty to chunky. And when you’re ready, you can start investing in the brand’s beautiful fine pieces.”
Chong says she’s been wearing the same Mejuri initial necklace for years and that it still earns her regular compliments. I can say the same for my beloved Mejuri pearl hoops, which Oprah just so happens to wear, too.
From Olivia Rodrigo’s classic red carpet hoops to Taylor Swift’s Travis Kelce-coded ring, I tracked down the exact Mejuri pieces worn by celebrities so you, too, can feel like a VIP. 
When Selena Gomez isn’t sporting millions of dollars worth of diamonds on the red carpet, she’s wearing these reasonably-priced Mejuri Patra hoops. The star has posted Instagram selfies and made Paris Fashion Week appearances in both the silver and gold versions of the triangular hoops, which are available in three sizes.
Sydney Sweeney wore Mejuri’s bestselling Dôme Hoops during a press event for the film Anyone But You– and it’s certainly not the only time she’s been seen wearing the $88 gold hoops. Handcrafted in 18k gold vermeil or sterling silver, they’ll instantly liven up your look yet are lightweight enough for long periods of wear.
Mejuri’s Garnet Heirloom Ring makes the ultimate gift for a Swiftie (even if said Swiftie is yourself). Taylor Swift was seen wearing it to celebrate the Chief’s AFC Championship win with her boyfriend Travis Kelce. Crafted from solid 14k gold and a genuine garnet stone, the timeless design is an instant keepsake.  
The magic of Mejuri’s affordable pieces is that they can easily be paired with higher-end styles. Case in point: Markle wore the brand’s under-$100 chunky huggies and Charlotte Bold Ring with a gold Cartier Love bracelet to Variety’s Power of Women Awards last year.
“I love how they are simple enough to go with everything but edgy enough to make a statement,” writes one reviewer. “They close with a good click that feels very secure, and they don’t weigh my ears down.”
If you’re on the hunt for quality, affordable pearl jewelry, look no further. Mejuri uses genuine, responsibly sourced freshwater pearls to create luxe-looking styles without the high price tags. Of all the Mejuri jewelry I own, my pearled silhouettes garner the most attention. So, after seeing Ariana Grande wear Mejuri’s Bold Pearl Trio Hoops at Wimbledon, they went straight to the top of my wishlist.
Mejuri practically wrote the book on quiet luxury jewelry. Its reasonably-priced, solid gold hoops are versatile enough to suit laidback, everyday outfits or red carpet ensembles à la Olivia Rodrigo. The same can be said for the brand’s solid gold studs and growing selection of both natural and lab-grown diamond earrings.  
At a Paris Fashion Week event last year, supermodel Gigi Hadid complemented her lacy Miu Miu dress with Mejuri’s Bold Pearl Drop Earrings. As one reviewer aptly describes them: “They’re not too old-fashioned-y but still very classic.”
When it comes to fine jewelry, timeless pieces are the brand’s specialty. Take, for instance, Quinta Brunson’s Diamond Riviere Bracelet, which features 176 natural diamonds bezel-set in solid 14k gold. The Abbott Elementary star also wore the brand’s Patra Pavé Diamond Ring, Patra Chunky Ring, and Bold Pearl Drop Earrings to the same event.
Mejuri confirmed on Instagram that Scarlett Johansson wore its sleek mixed metal Stevie Hoops during a recent Tonight Show appearance. The adaptable style can be worn with or without the secondary hoop, so you’re essentially scoring two pairs of earrings in one. 
Even Oprah can’t resist the charm of Mejuri’s affordable hoop earrings. In a photo posted to her Instagram, she wears the brand’s sophisticated Organic Pearl Hoops—a style I’m also known to frequent. Minimalist but far from boring, each slim 18k gold vermeil hoop features a handpicked freshwater pearl. 
With more than 300 products priced under $150, it should come as no surprise that Mejuri is quite the talking point on TikTok. Proof of Mejuri’s rising stardom came earlier this year when singer and Mean Girls star Renee Rapp became a face of the brand. Here, she stacks a pair of gold Chunky U Hoops with croissant-inspired silver Charlotte Bold Hoops. 
Every product featured on ELLE.com is independently researched, tested, or editor-approved. We only recommend products that we stand behind, and the merchandise featured on our site is always driven by editorial and product testing standards, not by affiliate deals or advertising relationships. Any content created in partnership with advertisers is marked as such.
A Shopping Editor’s Review of COS
The Ultimate Guide to Chic One-Piece Swimsuits
Luxe Earth Sign Gifts for Taurus Season
Where Fashion Insiders Find Designer Deals
The Launch: Fashion News to Know This April
Sofia Grainge Releases Summer Mommy-and-Me Styles
Elevate Mom’s Everyday Moments With These Gifts
Wild Flowers: ELLE’s May Shopping Guide
Puma’s Speedcat Ballet Sneaker Is Trending
Make Mother’s Day Shine With Stunning Jewelry
Wedge Heels Are Spring’s Hottest Shoe Trend
Yes, Long Sleeve Swimsuits Can Be Chic
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.