ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - APRIL 03: Olivia Rodrigo performs onstage during the 64th Annual GRAMMY Awards ... More at MGM Grand Garden Arena on April 03, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Olivia Rodrigo is riding high on a number of Billboard charts this week thanks to the recently released deluxe edition of her latest album, Guts, which is now called Guts (Spilled). Five tunes were added to the tracklist, and they’ve all become hits… though their success does come at the expense of one of her biggest chart wins.
All five songs that were recently unveiled as part of Guts (Spilled) debut on the Hot 100 this week. Rodrigo ups her career total considerably as they invade the ranking of the most-consumed tracks in the country...though their arrival does mean one of her other singles, which was performing well as recently as last week, is now nowhere to be found.
As five new songs from Rodrigo debut on the Hot 100, her single “Vampire” is finally removed from the ranking. The tune was down at No. 46 on last week’s chart. With a slew of debuts on the ranking this time around–from Rodrigo, Hozier, and the powerful team of Future and Metro Boomin, among others–there simply wasn’t room for that former No. 1 any longer.
“Vampire” was taken off the Hot 100 by Billboard due to its recurrent rule. The rule, which was implemented years ago, stipulates that any track that has spent 20 weeks or more on the chart must remain inside the top 50. If it falls below that space, it’s removed from the ranking, usually for good.
If that rule wasn’t in place, “Vampire” may very well still appear on the Hot 100. But with more than 30 new entries on the chart this frame, the ranking proved to be too busy for several older cuts that were holding on inside the upper half of the tally.
Rodrigo earns another top 40 win on the Hot 100 this week with “Obsessed,” which has been singled out as the focus track from Guts (Spilled). That tune opens at No. 14, and if it had been released during another, less crowded week, it likely would have launched inside the top 10.
Coming in behind “Obsessed” in the lower portion of the Hot 100 are the following new tunes from Rodrigo: "So American" (No. 58), “Stranger” (No. 75), "Scared of My Guitar" (No. 90), and "Girl I've Always Been" (No. 99). The singer has now collected a total of 30 placements on the ranking throughout her career, including these five new wins. She ups her count by 20%, as last week, she was steady with her 25 appearances.