From Hollywood to New York and everywhere in between, see what your favorite stars are up to 
Alexandra Schonfeld is a features writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since April 2022. Her work previously appeared in Newsweek.
Zoey Lyttle is a Society & Culture Writer-Reporter at PEOPLE. She covers influencers and viral, trending content across society and culture verticals and has been working at PEOPLE since July 2022.
 Stars have been everywhere this week, from Zendaya looking sporty and glamorous in Italy to Chris Hemsworth showing off his tattoos in Sydney. Down south, Kelsea Ballerini hosts Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson, Emma Roberts and Gayle King at the 2024 CMT Awards in Texas, and Nicki Minaj puts on a smiley show in North Carolina.

 Here, the best photos of celebs out and about this week. Come back tomorrow for more of the latest A-list outings!

Catherine Powell/Getty
 CMT host Kelsea Ballerini goofs off with fellow country star Tanner Adell at the ceremony in Austin, Texas on April 7.

D Avanzo/Provvisionato/IPA/SplashNews
 Zendaya steps out in her latest tennis-inspired outfit at a photocall for her movie Challengers in Rome on April 8.

Astrida Valigorsky/WireImage
 Nicki Minaj flashes her bright smile while performing at the 2024 Dreamville Music Festival in Raleigh, North Carolina on April 7.

Taylor Hill/WireImage
 Lainey Wilson wears a bold black hat over her blonde hair as she walks the red carpet in Austin, Texas for the 2024 CMT Music Awards on April 7.

Media-Mode/SplashNews
 Chris Hemsworth flaunts his arm tattoo upon touching down at the airport in Sydney, Australia on April 8.

Michael Tullberg/Getty
 Tiffany Haddish delivers jokes on stage at the Friendly House Comedy Fundraiser in Hollywood on April 7.

WWE/Getty
 Snoop Dogg hangs out with the Philadelphia Eagles' mascot, Swoop, and a few of the NFL team's cheerleaders on night two of WrestleMania 40 in the Pennsylvania city on April 7.

Brian Bowen Smith/Disney via Getty
 Logan Lerman, Jeremy Allen White and Tom Hiddleston join together to celebrate the official launch of Hulu on Disney+ at cocktail reception in L.A. on April 5.

Kevork Djansezian/Getty
 Nick Cannon spends quality time with his son Golden at the L.A. Clippers game on April 5 in Downtown Los Angeles.

Gotham/GC Images
 Tamron Hall stands out with a bright red rose on her dress while heading into New York City's Polo Bar for Don Lemon and Tim Malone's wedding reception on April 7.

Kevin Mazur/Getty
 Emma Roberts joins country music star Jelly Roll and his wife, Bunnie XO, at the 2024 CMT Awards in Austin, Texas on April 7.

Luiz Rampelotto/ZUMA Press Wire/SplashNews
 Grand Marshal Dougray Scott steps out in a traditional kilt alongside thousands of people participating in the 2024 New York Tartan Day Parade in Manhattan on April 6.

Kevork Djansezian/Getty
 Los Angeles Lakers player D'Angelo Russell crashes into the crowd — including courtside attendee Megan Thee Stallion — during his team's home game against the Minnesota Timberwolves on April 7.

Janet Mayer/SplashNews
 Following their wedding ceremony, Don Lemon and Tim Malone step out of N.Y.C.'s Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church with their dogs on April 6.

Bruce Glikas/WireImage
 On April 7, Demi Lovato visits the musical & Juliet in N.Y.C. and poses with the sheet music for her 2015 hit "Confident," which is featured in the Broadway production.

Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty
 Glen Powell joins host Jimmy Fallon in a sketch titled "Precinct 62: Lethal Justice" during an episode of The Tonight Show on April 5.

Theo Wargo/Getty
 Brittany Snow dazzles in a silver dress at an N.Y.C. screening of Parachute on April 6.

Gilbert Carrasquillo/GC Images
 Seth Meyers carries a shoulder bag into his comedy show in Philadelphia on April 6.

Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty
 Brittney Spencer and Gayle King make a sparkly pair at the 2024 CMT Music Awards at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas on April 7.

Stuart Wallace/Shutterstock
 Gordon Ramsay meets up with police officers pitchside at the Rangers vs. Celtic soccer game in Glasgow on April 7.

PG/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 America's Got Talent judges Heidi Klum and Howie Mandel step out on April 6 in Pasadena, California.

Wil R/Star Max/GC Images
 Jaden Smith pairs a bright blue puffer vest with a pink zip-up hoodie while out and about in Los Angeles on April 6.

Eric McCandless/Disney via Getty
 Awkwafina and Niecy Nash dress up for an exclusive cocktail reception to celebrate launch of Hulu on Disney+ on April 5 in L.A.

Marcus Ingram/Getty
 Bebe Rexha wears a corseted denim ensemble while performing at the 2024 March Madness Music Festival in Phoenix, Arizona on April 6.

Rick Kern/Getty
 Alana Springsteen attends the 2024 CMT Awards at Moody Center in Austin, Texas, on April 7.

Gotham/GC Images
 Conan Gray and Olivia Rodrigo hang out in New York City’s West Village on April 7.

Frank Micelotta/Disney via Getty
 Stephanie Beatriz wears a Rachel Gilbert black mini dress at the Hulu on Disney+ Celebration in Los Angeles on April 6.

SplashNews
 Lily Collins shops in Paris on April 7.

Gotham/GC Images
 Jennifer Lopez walks on a block of a New York City street on April 7.

Gilbert Carrasquillo/GC Images
 Drew Barrymore rocks a colorful rose arrangement in her hair as she heads to WWE WrestleMania 40 on April 6 in Philadelphia.

 Astrida Valigorsky/WireImage
 SZA belts it out onstage at the 2024 Dreamville Music Festival in Raleigh, North Carolina, on April 6.

Kevork Djansezian/Getty
 Zoe Saldaña attends the Los Angeles Lakers vs. Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game with her husband Marco Perego and their children (not pictured) on April 6 in Los Angeles.

LAFC/MLS
 Barry Keoghan cheers on the players during the Los Angeles FC vss LA Galaxy soccer match at L.A.'s BMO Stadium on April 6.

The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Rihanna cuts a glamorous figure with added edge in a satin white cape coat with a stack of pearl necklaces and a Dior saddle bag at Giorgio Baldi restaurant on April 6 in Los Angeles.

Megan Briggs/Getty
 Inter Miami's Lionel Messi greets Daddy Yankee before his team's game against the Colorado Rapids on April 6 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

WWE)
 Rey Mysterio and Jason Kelce react to winning against Legado del Fantasma on the first night of WrestleMania 40 in Philadelphia on April 6.

Gotham/GC Images
 Selena Gomez is dressed for spring in a head-to-toe pink outfit as she heads out in the N.Y.C neighborhood of Chelsea on April 6.

Scott Legato/Getty
 Bad Bunny performs his Most Wanted tour concert show on April 6 at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit.

 Tim Nwachukwu/Getty
 Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson makes an appearance during a tag team match with Roman Reigns during the first night of WrestleMania 40 on April 6 in Philadelphia.

Robino Salvatore/GC
 Demi Moore attends Dolce & Gabbana’s 40th anniversary party in Milan, Italy, on April 6.

Marc Piasecki/WireImage
 Zendaya attends the Paris premiere her movie The Challengers at UGC Normandie in France on April 6.

Erika Rich/Shutterstock
 Jack Harlow performs at Thomas J. Henry’s birthday celebration in Austin, Texas, on April 5.

Robino Salvatore/GC
 Lupita Nyong'o attend Dolce & Gabbana’s 40th anniversary party in Milan, Italy, on April 6.

Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Netflix
 Jade Roper Tolbert, Tanner Tolbert and their three kids attend the Netflix Ultimate Birthday Party Inspiration Event at Netflix in Los Angeles on April 6.

Kevin Mazur/Getty 
 Olivia Rodrigo gets the crowd's attention with a speakerphone onstage at her GUTS world tour show at Madison Square Garden in New York City on April 5.

Kristy Sparow/Getty
 Zendaya is the epitome of chic dressed in a checkered Louis Vuitton coat and white pumps at the photocall for Challengers in Paris on April 6.

Leon Bennett/Getty
 Kid Cudi and Dev Patel pose together at the screening of Monkey Man presented by Universal Pictures at AMC The Grove on April 5 in Los Angeles.

Arnold Jerocki/WireImage
 Kyle MacLachlan gives a wave at the photocall for the TV drama series Fallout during the 7th Canneseries International Festival on April 6 in Cannes, France. 

Steph Chambers/Getty
 Jason Sudeikis attends the NCAA women's March Madness Final Four semi final game between the UConn Huskies and the Iowa Hawkeyes in Cleveland on April 5.

Gregory Shamus/Getty
 Machine Gun Kelly catches the NCAA women's Final Four semi final game between the UConn Huskies and the Iowa Hawkeyes on April 5 in Cleveland.

Ricky Vigil M / Justin E Palmer/GC Images
 Lily James makes a glamorous exit after attending her 35th birthday party at a private members club on April 5 in London. 

John Nacion/Getty
 Jeezy performs at the April Fools Comedy Jam at the Barclays Center in N.Y.C. on April 5.

Jason Koerner/Getty
 Lainey Wilson puts her glass in the air during her set on day one of the Tortuga Music Festival on April 5 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Derek White/Getty
 Reneé Rapp radiates the stage as she performs at the 2024 March Madness Music Festival in Phoenix on April 5.

Roy Rochlin/Getty
 Mariska Hargitay brings her daughter Amaya, 12, and son August, 17, to see her light the Empire State Building in partnership with the Joyful Heart Foundation and NBC Entertainment on April 5 in N.Y.C.

SplashNews
 Theo James looks cool in sunglasses at Dolce & Gabbana's "Dal Cuore Alle Mani" exhibition on April 5 in Milan.

JOCE/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Kirsten Dunst lets her blonde hair flow in the L.A. breeze as she heads into Jimmy Kimmel Live! on April 4.

Ignat/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Justin Long points lovingly to his wife Kate Bosworth while on a romantic stroll around N.Y.C. on April 5.

MOVI Inc.
 New mom Suki Waterhouse steps out in an oversized Leo Season blazer and Crocs Getaway sandals to run errands in L.A. on April 2.

London Entertainment / SplashNews
 Repping the home team on his jacket, Josh Groban watches the Los Angeles Dodgers play the San Francisco Giants at Dodger Stadium on April 3.

Arnold Jerocki/WireImage
 Kyle MacLachlan brings his wife Desiree Gruber to the opening ceremony of the Canneseries television festival on April 5 in the French Rivera town of Cannes.

Stefanie Keenan/Getty
 Yara Shahidi is chic in a leathery ensemble at Frame Denim and Amelia Gray's dinner at L.A. hotspot Chateau Marmont on April 4.

SplashNews
 Lucien Laviscount struts down the streets of Milan to visit Dolce & Gabbana's new exhibition "Dal Cuore Alle Mani" on April 5.

TheImageDirect.com
 Eiza González rocks a tailored pinstriped vest during a night out at London's Chiltern Firehouse on April 4.

Good Man / SplashNews
 Julia Stiles steps out for some fresh air in New York City wearing a warm coat and a colorful scarf on April 5.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Winnie Harlow wows in warm colors upon arrival at the Vinivia App launch party in L.A. on April 4.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Nicola Coughlan smiles outside CBS Studios on April 5 in N.Y.C.

@plural_co
 Arden Cho celebrates Don Julio's new Alma Miel tequila at Soul Sessions — a curated dinner and listening experience inspired by the spirit and culture of modern — Mexico on April 4 in Los Angeles.

Stefanie Keenan/Getty
 Looking ready for spring in shorts and a white blouse, Charlotte McKinney poses inside L.A.'s Chateau Marmont during Amelia Gray's dinner with Frame Denim on April 4.

Cindy Ord/Getty Images
 Lea Michele cradles her baby bump beneath a bright gown at the 2024 Hope Rising Benefit in N.Y.C. on April 4.

Ivan Apfel/Getty Images
 Arnold Schwarzenegger takes the mic during the 2024 10X Growth Conference at Florida's Diplomat Beach Resort on April 4.

Adam Pantozzi/NBAE via Getty Images
 Simu Liu takes the court after the L.A. Lakers game against the Denver Nuggets on April 4 at Crypto.Com Arena in Downtown Los Angeles.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Kelly Rowland wears a geometric black top under a leather coat at the Vinivia App launch event in L.A. on April 4.

Jeremychanphotography/Getty Images
 Candace Bushnell takes her one-woman show True Tales of Sex, Success and Sex and the City to Richmond Hill in Ontario for a performance on April 4.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Julia Fox dons a jacket covered in shears, tweezers, clippers and pins for a press day in N.Y.C. to promote her new show OMG Fashun on April 4.

Todd Williamson/JanuaryImages/Shutterstock 
 Charli XCX rocks a slitted skirt to a CAA screening of A24's I Saw the TV Glow on April 3 in Los Angeles.

River Callaway/WWD via Getty Images
 Justin Theroux and his girlfriend Nicole Brydon Bloom spend date night at Chateau Marmont in L.A. for a dinner hosted by Frame and Amelia Gray on April 4.

APEX / MEGA
 Jojo Siwa paints her face with KISS-inspired makeup to promote her new song "Karma" at Beaches and Lance Bass's bar Rocco's in West Hollywood on April 4.

Gotham/GC Images
 Olivia Rodrigo stays warm in N.Y.C. wearing a beanie and a woven coat in Midtown Manhattan on April 4.

Dave Allocca/StarPix/Shutterstock 
 Debra Messing and Richard Kind share a snuggly moment at a special screening and reception for HBO's Alex Edelman: Just for Us at N.Y.C.'s Crosby Street Hotel on April 5.

Dominik Bindl/Getty Images
 Lydia West, Ira Madison III and Nicola Coughlan snap a selfie at the N.Y.C. premiere of Big Mood on April 4.

Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images
 Black Keys member Dan Auerbach celebrates the band's new album Ohio Players with a performance at L.A.'s Highland Park Bowl on April 4.

Ron Jenkins/Getty Images
 Chevy Chase stands out in a yellow jacket at the Dallas Mavericks' home game against the Atlanta Hawks on April 4.

Robin L Marshall/Getty Images
 Gabrielle Dennis, Cree Summer, J.B. Smoove, Jay Pharoah, Yvette Nicole Brown, Marsai Martin, Rashida "Sheedz" Olayiwola and Ranada Shepard gather on the red carpet at an L.A. screening of the new Good Times animated reboot on April 4.

PG/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Looking cool in a houndstooth blazer, Andrew Scott steps out under the L.A. sun on April 4.

Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images
 Sisters Amelia Gray and Delilah Belle Hamlin celebrate Amelia's collaboration with Frame Denim at a dinner in L.A. on April 4.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Adria Arjona wears a cropped blazer and matching trousers outside of CBS Studios on April 4 in N.Y.C.

Montserratt Correa/NBC via Getty Images
 Alex Edelman brings the laughs to The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon for an interview on April 4.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Selling Sunset star Chelsea Lazkani looks bright in white while out and about in L.A. on April 4.

Montserratt Correa/NBC via Getty Images
 Coi Leray, G-Eazy and Kaliii perform asThe Tonight Show's musical guests on April 4.

 Bre Johnson/BFA.com/Shutterstock 
 Venus Williams supports her sister Serena at the launch of her new brand Wyn Beauty at Bathhouse Studios in N.Y.C. on April 3.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Glen Powell rocks tinted shades outside of CBS Studios in N.Y.C. on April 4.

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Penn Badgley continues filming the upcoming season of his show You on set in New York City on April 4.

TheImageDirect.com
 Keanu Reeves steps out in L.A. to film his latest project on April 4.

Kate Green/Getty
 Fallout star Kyle MacLachlan hangs out at London's White City Television Centre on April 4 for the U.K. special screening of his new Prime Video series.

John Gilhooley / Courtesy of The Palm
 Nicolas Cage visits The Palm restaurant in L.A. to unveil and sign his caricature on April 3.

BrosNYC / BACKGRID
 Ja Rule pairs animal print with solids on a color block sweatshirt while hanging out on the streets of N.Y.C. on April 4.

Chris Lee - Chelsea FC/Chelsea FC via Getty
 Cara Delevingne shows off her Chelsea FC jersey in London on April 4 during a Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Manchester United.

Rochelle Brodin
 Tommy Hilfiger supports his daughter Alexandria at Gallery 33 at The Georgian Hotel in L.A. to celebrate her solo art exhibition "Imperfect Harmony" on March 28.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)