In the "Jimmy Kimmel Live" segment, the pop star is joined by Guillermo in his own Olivia Rodrigo costume.
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Good idea, right?

 Jimmy Kimmel enlisted Olivia Rodrigo to surprise unsuspecting trick-or-treaters for Thursday's Halloween episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live. Foregoing his usual tradition of challenging parents to trick their children into believing that they ate all of their Halloween candy, Kimmel instead offered a treat to kids this year by tapping the singer to hand out sugary goods alongside his trusty sidekick Guillermo, who dons a spot-on Olivia Rodrigo costume for the festivities.

 A pint-sized angel, Hogwarts student, and woodland creature are among those who find themselves at a loss for words after Rodrigo appears behind the door during their round of trick-or-treating. There's also a young boy who initially isn't so sure that the real Rodrigo stands before him, until the "Drivers License" singer whips out her driver's license. "Wait, you're the real Olivia Rodrigo?" he asks, incredulous.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 "No one's going to believe you at school tomorrow!" Guillermo quips as the children scurry away in excitement.

 Elsewhere, an angel bursts into tears at the immediate sight of Rodrigo. "Am I that scary?" asks the singer. As she leaves the front porch with her haul, the angel tells her fellow trick-or-treaters, "I've never happy cried in my life."

ABC
 Rodrigo also issues a challenge to a shell-shocked young girl in Hogwarts garb: she'll issue one piece of candy for every Rodrigo song she could name. The little witch is up to the task, naming 11 tracks without skipping a beat — including a few deep cuts — before Rodrigo decides to just dump all of the candy in her cauldron into the girl's bag.

 The "Vampire" singer is currently headlining her Guts World Tour, launched earlier this year in support of her second studio album, Guts. Netflix released a concert film this week of Rodrigo's stop in her hometown of Los Angeles at the Intuit Dome. Directed by James Merryman, the special features performances of "Bad Idea, Right?", "Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl", "Deja Vu", and more hits, as well as a "Hot to Go!" duet with Chappell Roan.

 Watch Rodrigo surprise trick-or-treaters with Guillermo above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)