At the Grammy Awards, 80 year old Joni Mitchell performed for the first time in her 56-year-long career. Brandi Carlile introduced the iconic singer, praising her impact on music and calling her the "matriarch of imagination"
Brandi said: "Whether we know it or not any one of us who dreamed of being a self-revealing singer songwriter...is standing on the shoulders of Joni Mitchell," She also shared that Joni had faced various health issues, including a brain aneurysm, and had learned to walk three times, TheMirror.com reports.
Joni, who won Best Folk Album this year, her twelfth Grammy to date, sang Both Sides Now from a Royal golden chair. Celebrities like Meryl Streep, Beyonce, and Dua Lipa watched intently as she serenaded them and then received a standing ovation.
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link.
The 2024 Grammy Awards celebrated the brightest talents from all music genres over the past year. The glitzy ceremony kicked off at Los Angeles' Crypto.com Arena on February 4 at 8pm ET, with fans able to watch along live on CBS or Paramount+.
The biggest names in music today were out in full force for the prestigious event, showcasing a variety of show-stopping looks on the red carpet. This included superstars like Taylor Swift, SZA, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish, Phoebe Bridgers, Jon Batiste, and Olivia Rodrigo, amongst many others. RandB singer SZA led the pack as a solo artist, topping the nominations list with an impressive nine nods.
Presenters such as "Weird Al" Yankovic, Jimmy Jam, Jon Bon Jovi, Kim Petras, St. Vincent, and Muni Long welcomed tonight's winners. A-listers including Billie Eilish, Burna Boy, Dua Lipa, Luke Combs, Olivia Rodrigo, and Travis Scott also delivered unforgettable performances that left fans awestruck.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.