By JIMMY BRIGGS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  02:07, 14 May 2024   |  Updated:  02:27, 14 May 2024   
View  comments
 Eager Olivia Rodrigo fans are already getting their hands on tickets for her Australian Guts World Tour shows, which mark her first time performing in the country.
The California-born pop star, 21, will be performing four dates across Sydney and Melbourne in October, and remaining tickets to her show are expected to be quickly snapped up.
Presale tickets to her upcoming shows became available on Monday via Ticketek with sales to the general public opening on Thursday.
Due to high demand, fans will be limited to purchasing just four tickets each.
Here is your definitive guide to scoring tickets to what will be one of the hottest shows in Australia this year. 
Eager Olivia Rodrigo (pictured) fans will soon be able to get their hands on tickets for her Australian Guts World Tour shows, which mark her first time performing in the country
When is Olivia performing?
Rodrigo will be performing four concerts in Australia in October. 
The Vampire hitmaker will first play at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena on Wednesday and Friday, October 9 and 11.
She will then head to Sydney to perform at Qudos Bank Arena on Thursday and Friday, October 17 and 18. 
The California-born pop star, 21, will be performing four dates across Sydney and Melbourne in October, and tickets to her show are expected to be quickly snapped up
What will tickets to her show cost?
Although prices for her upcoming Aussie shows have not yet been announced, fans can look at what tickets to her recent US shows cost to get a general idea.
Tickets to her show are expected to range in price from about $75 - $300, depending on seating and packaging options. 
VIP packages and experiences are available to fans who want to take their concert experience to the next level.
The more expensive GA Pit Experience tickets will allow early entry into the venue, a photo opportunity in front of the VIP backdrop and the purchasing of pre-show merchandise before the general public. 
Meanwhile, a limited number of $20 Silver Star tickets have been made available for all shows, with Rodrigo saying she wanted to make it as affordable as possible for her fans.
Here is your definitive guide to scoring tickets to what will be one of the hottest shows in Australia this year 
Presale tickets to her upcoming shows became available on Monday via Ticketek with sales to the general public opening on Thursday 
When do tickets to her show go on sale?
The first presale round of tickets kicked off on Monday, exclusively for AMEX card holders.
Live Nation will then host their pre-sale on Wednesday, May 15 at 1pm, with fans told to sign up for access before the sale. 
General public tickets will go on sale via Ticketek on Thursday, May 16 at 1pm.
Joining Rodrigo on the Australian leg is the talented New Zealand singer-songwriter Benee, who will open all four shows.
The tour supports Rodrigo's second critically acclaimed studio album Guts, which has bagged her six Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year and Song of the Year.

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group