By SAMEER SURI and CLAUDIA SMITH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:25, 1 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:16, 2 May 2024   
 2
View  comments
American Idol alum Mandisa was honored with a tribute performance on Monday's episode - after her shock death at the age of 47. 
She first rose to fame as a contestant on season five of the competition series in 2006, ultimately finishing in ninth place.
The singer then enjoyed an acclaimed career in Christian music, winning a Grammy Award in 2014 for her gospel album Overcomer.
Mandisa was discovered dead in her home in Franklin, Tennessee this April 18. Her cause of death was unknown then and has not been made public since, though police say they found 'no indication' of 'suspicious or criminal activity.'
This week on American Idol, she was given a musical farewell by her friends Colton Dixon, Melinda Doolittle and Danny Gokey, who are also veterans of the show.
American Idol alum Mandisa was honored with a tribute performance on Monday's episode - after her shock death at the age of 47; pictured 2019
She was given a musical farewell by her friends (from left) Colton Dixon, Melinda Doolittle and Danny Gokey, who are also veterans of the show
The three singers delivered a stirring rendition of the Mary Mary song Shackles (Praise You), which Mandisa recorded in 2006
The three singers delivered a stirring rendition of the Mary Mary song Shackles (Praise You), which Mandisa recorded in 2007.
After the performance, Melinda shared that she had known Mandisa 'for over 20 years. We started off singing background in sessions together, and then she got on Idol and I cheered for her, and then I came the next season and she cheered for me, so that is my girl through and through.'
Danny hailed Mandisa as 'a fan of people' and 'a cheerleader for other people's music. I remember when I got dropped from a record label and resigned to a new one - was transitioning - she had the biggest voice for me.'
Colton said Shackles (Praise You) 'sums up her life. I think she came in praising. I think she left praising. So we're gonna miss her, but our loss is Heaven's gain.' 
Mandisa candidly discussed her struggle with depression in 2017, telling ABC News that she once found herself on the verge of suicide.
However, while speaking at her memorial service last weekend, her father John Hundley insisted he did not believe she had died by her own hand.
'She did not harm herself,' he said, according to the Christian Post. 'As she said, Mandisa loved the Lord and the Lord loved Mandisa.'
He shared that Mandisa had been 'weak' following a COVID-19 battle, adding that her cause of death would be announced after a couple of weeks.
She first rose to fame as a contestant on season five of the competition series in 2006, ultimately finishing in ninth place
Katy Perry cried after listening to Loretta Lynn's granddaughter Emmy Russell perform her own grandmother's legendary song Coal Miner's Daughter on Monday's episode of American Idol on ABC
The latest episode of American Idol was an emotional one, with Katy Perry weeping after listening to Loretta Lynn's granddaughter Emmy Russell perform her own grandmother's legendary song Coal Miner's Daughter on Monday's  episode of American Idol on ABC.
The 39-year-old pop superstar got sentimental near the end of the two-hour episode after picking the song for Emmy, 34, as the Top 8 performed during the Judges' Song Contest episode.
'I chose this song not because Loretta Lynn is your grandma,' Katy said as her voice cracked with emotion. 'I chose this song because you are Emmy Russell and you can do anything now as Emmy Russell!'
Emmy, from Nashville, closed out the show singing her grandmother's song and brought tears to the judges and to her own family.
'I'm a granddaughter singing this to her grandmother,' Emmy said to the camera. 'I'm Emmy Russell. I'm 24 years old and I'm proud to be a coal miner's great granddaughter.'
Emmy played the piano as she sang and when she finished Emmy guessed correctly that Katy picked the song for her.
For the episode, the judges each secretly picked a song, but it was up to the contestants to decide what to sing. 
Will Moseley, 23, from Hazlehurst, Georgia, took the stage first and picked Johnny Cash's iconic song Folsom Prison Blues. Will said he thought that Lionel Richie, 74, picked the song for him. Lionel admitted he was right.
'It was fantastic,' Lionel said of his performance.
Emmy, from Nashville, closed out the show singing her grandmother's song and brought tears to the judges and to her own family
'I'm a granddaughter singing this to her grandmother,' Emmy said to the camera
'I'm Emmy Russell. I'm 24 years old and I'm proud to be a coal miner's great granddaughter,' she said as a photo was shown with her and country legend Loretta Lynn
'I chose this song not because Loretta Lynn is your grandma,' Katy said as her voice cracked with emotion. 'I chose this song because you are Emmy Russell and you can do anything now as Emmy Russell!'
'That was your best performance yet,' Katy said.
Kaibrienne, 20, from Henefer, Utah, picked Traitor by Olivia Rodrigo to perform. She guessed that Luke picked the song for her, but she was wrong.
'Are you a real Katy Cat?' Katy said. 'I picked Traitor. Also big shout out to all my Katy Cat fans who said I got a haircut. They're traitors. This is a wig. That was amazing!'
Emmy and Jack Blocker, 25, from Dallas, took the stage and sang Lionel's hit Hello and Lionel hugged them when they finished.
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, from Gilbert, Arizona, picked Everywhere I Go by Lissie and dedicated it to her birth family. She thought that Lionel picked the song for her.
'I've spent many nights crying and surrendering to that song,' said Katy, who revealed she was the one who picked it. 'It's so powerful and that's what your voice does, it moves people emotionally.'
Jack returned to the stage to sing and performed Willie Nelson's You Were Always On My Mind. The judges gave him a standing ovation when he finished and the song even brought Katy to tears. Jack thought Lionel picked the song for him, but Katy did.
Will Moseley, 23, from Hazlehurst, Georgia, took the stage first and picked Johnny Cash's iconic song Folsom Prison Blues
'I'm crying because I'm winning,' Katy said. 'I'm crying because it was so emotional because I feel you have been fully realized.'
Will and Triston Harper, both wearing cowboy hats, took the stage together to sing Luke Bryan's hit song What Makes You Country.
'Great job guys,' Luke, 47, said. 'Anytime you get to sit here and hear other people do their interpretation of your stuff — that song has been a song when I'm performing it on stage, I'm having a blast doing it, because I wrote it because it really speaks to my heart. I think America knows you guys are a pretty dang country, too. I loved it. My smile muscles are cramping.'
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, picked Evanescence's hit Wake Me Up and by the end of the song Katy was lying across the judges table. Abi guessed that Katy chose the song for her.
'Well, you are wrong,' Katy said.
Kaibrienne, 20, from Henefer, Utah, picked Traitor by Olivia Rodrigo to perform
Ryan Seacrest hosted the two-hour episode on ABC
Luke admitted he picked it and then hugged Abi.
'Way to just take it to another level,' Luke said. 'It was great!'
'You were so professional, so on it,' Lionel said. 'That was amazing.'
Julia Gagnon, 21, a college student from Cumberland, Maine, picked the classic song Somewhere Over The Rainbow and dedicated it to her grandmother. Julia was crying by the time she finished, and thought that Katy picked the song for her but Luke actually was the one who chose it.
'There is no song you can't sing,' Luke said. 'It was beautiful.'
'I couldn't believe you had so much control the whole time,' Lionel said.
Idol alums Melinda Doolittle, Colton Dixon and Danny Gokey all dressed in white returned to perform a tribute to former Idol contestant and Grammy-winning Christian singer Mandisa Huntley who died last week at the age of 47 at her home in Nashville. 
Melinda, Colton and Danny performed a rendition of the song Shackles, which Mandisa performed on the Idol stage herself in 2006. Mandisa's picture was shown on the stage during their performance.
'She was a cheerleader for other people's music,' Danny said of Mandisa. 'She always was that person.'
Emmy and Jack Blocker, 25, from Dallas, took the stage and sang Lionel's hit Hello and Lionel hugged them when they finished
'I think that song sums up her life,' Colton said. 'I think she came in praising and I think she left praising. We are going to miss her, but our loss is heaven's gain.'
Abi, Julia, Kabrienne and McKenna performed a cover of Katy's song Wide Awake.
'It just makes me so happy because you all are in competition together, but y'all came together coordinated and collaborated and that's the kind of girl power that I live by,' Katy said. 'You sounded so good. And there is nothing harder than singing an artist's song and looking directly in their eyes.'
Triston, 15, a high school student from McIntosh, Alabama, performed Morgan Wallen's hit Sand In My Boots. The judges gave him a standing ovation.
'Lionel Richie picked that for you!' host Ryan Seacrest, 49, said.
'Great job!' Luke said.
Lionel, Katy and Luke competed against each other during the episode and Katy won
At the end of the show, Ryan announced that Kaibrienne and McKenna were in the bottom two and were in danger of being eliminated. 
Katy as the winner of the song contest had the ability to save one of them and after consulting with the other judges picked McKenna to take the last spot in the Top Seven.
The pop superstar cried when she had to make the tough decision as Kaibrienne was sent home.
American Idol will return Sunday on ABC with an Adele Night episode.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group