By KELSI KARRULI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:59, 3 January 2024   |  Updated:  19:15, 3 January 2024   
 1
View  comments
Kaia Gerber has showcased her taut physique while donning a pair of tiny shorts and a crop top as her personal trainer revealed the workout routine that gave the model her rock-hard abs. 
The 22-year-old supermodel - who is the daughter of icon Cindy Crawford and whose whirlwind relationship with Austin Butler has left fans swooning - is known for her stunning looks that see her strutting her stuff on the catwalk. 
And although modeling may seem all glitz and glamour, Kaia's trainer, Kirsty Godso, has given fans a sneak peek into the rigorous movements performed off the runway that help the brunette beauty stay in amazing shape.
In addition to Kaia, the celebrity trainer boasts a slew of A-list clients - including  Olivia Rodrigo and Maddie Ziegler - and has most recently taken to Instagram to show off the workouts that leave the stars with killer abs. 
Kaia Gerber has showcased her taut physique while donning tiny shorts and a crop top
The 22-year-old supermodel - who is the daughter of icon Cindy Crawford - is known for her stunning looks that see her strutting her stuff on the catwalk
And although modeling may seem all glitz and glamor, Kaia's trainer has given fans a sneak peek at the rigorous movements performed off the runway that keep the model in shape
In a video posted to the social media platform, the fitness expert detailed the celeb-backed workouts. 
Kaia was seen donning matching grey shorts and a sports bra as she worked up a sweat. 
The model was seen jump roping and sprinting. She also focused on a mix of lunges, glute bridges, planks, and arm workouts - all with weights. 
The model then moved to the ab curl machine, where she gave her core a good burn. 
Kaia also showed off her strength by walking backwards on a treadmill. 
In another video shared by Kirsty, the supermodel is seen working out over the course of many days, once again focusing on weight training. 
In addition to her previous moves, Kaia added in push-ups, reverse crunches, and leg lifts.
In the same clip, Olivia, 20, also gave Kirsty's killer workouts a try, sprinting on the treadmill and using a weighted rope to build up her arm muscles.
Meanwhile, Maddie, 21, got a slow burn on and was seen doing lunges without any weights involved. 
The celebrity fitness trainer is known for getting stars into tip-top shape with killer resistance training. 
Her trainer, Kirsty Godso, boasts a slew of A-list clients - including Olivia Rodrigo and Maddie Ziegler - and has taken to Instagram to show off the workouts that leave the stars with killer abs
In a video posted to the social media platform, the fitness expert boasted the celeb-backed workouts
The model was seen jump roping, sprinting, and even walking backwards on a treadmill
Kirsty has been working with Kaia for years and just last year, she revealed all there was to know about her workout routine and spilled her top secret to get in shape. 
Speaking to Hollywood Life, she said: 'One of the best ways to get toned is to incorporate resistance training. 
'If you don't have access to weights or a gym, you can incorporate bands or just follow along using just bodyweight at home.'
She shared that she usually had Kaia do 30 to 40 reps of weighted ab workouts. 
Kaia starts by doing 10 glute bridges. To do this yourself, you will need to lie on your back with your knees bent and your feet hip-width apart. 
Then, place a weight on your hips and press into the floor to lift your hips up and down. Repeat this three to four times. 
Kirsty has been working with Kaia for years and just last year, she revealed all there was to know about her workout routine and spilled her top secret to getting in shape
Kirsty also shared another video of the supermodel working out over the course of many days and showed her once again focusing on weight training
The celebrity fitness trainer is known for getting stars like Olivia (seen left) and Maddie (seen right) into tip-top shape with killer resistance training 
A post shared by KIRSTY GODSO (@kirstygodso)
Next, she does bird dog rows, which are done by getting on all fours, extending one leg and working one arm that is holding a weight. 
Deadlifts, which involves squatting with weights, is the next workout Kaia does to strengthen her lower body. 
It's followed by lunges. For this movement, you will perform lunges as usual and with each bend of the leg, lift a weight in the same arm. 
Kaia continues her session by laying on her forearms for a plank, but she makes it even more difficult by tapping one knee at a time while keeping her core tight.  
After working up a sweat with resistance training, the fitness expert recommends you get your heart rate up by sprinting. 
She told the outlet: 'If you find it overwhelming or stressful to make time in your schedule for workouts – simplify!
'Exercise should add more value to your life than stress.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group