We can totally relate to this hilarious TikTok of a Gen X mom trying to keep up on a shopping spree with her Gen Alpha daughter.
Parents / Getty Images
 I’m a Gen X mom to a Gen Alpha daughter—and nothing divides us more than our style and fashion preferences. When I was growing up in the 90s, the trends were fairly easy to follow.

 If you were “preppy” you were into khakis, polo shirts, and denim jackets. You shopped at the Gap or J.Crew and admired the fashion of say DJ Tanner on Full House. Perhaps you were “grunge” which meant flannel shirts, ripped dark jeans, and lots of chains. You held memorial services for Kurt Cobain and risked your life in mosh pits.  Then there was the undefined femininity of baby doll dresses with a t-shirt underneath or cropped cardigans with pleated skirts—think Cher Horowitz in Clueless or Kelly Taylor in Beverly Hills, 90210.  

 Today, however, the styles are rapidly changing and I cannot keep up. Preppy, apparently now means sparkles and flair? Cottagecore equates to shades of brown while coquette is pretty in pink? At least this is what I deciphered from a hilarious TikTok video from user Christina Kairis (@kriskamishka) where she takes her own Gen Alpha daughter shopping at Target.

 Her daughter quickly schools Kairis that the fashion she grew up on is no more—and what the kids are into today requires studying and Cliff Notes to keep up and understand. 

 For example, in the video, two identical shirts hang side by side—one in brown and the other in pink. They’re basic tees spruced up with long, see-through, lacey sleeves. But per Gen Alpha rules, the brown version is considered “cottagecore” and the pink is considered “coquette.”

 Another tank top with spaghetti straps and light flower designs follows the same conundrum—the white version is “coquette” while the purple one has “Olivia Rodrigo vibes.” Then Kairis' daughter flips out over “preppy” earrings that are faux diamond hearts with sparkly dangles . . . needless to say, like me, she's perplexed how the definition of “preppy” has morphed into something the old lady in Titanic would throw into the ocean at the end of the film.  

 My daughter is not quite up on the fashion lingo—yet—but she is very critical of my outfits (I’ve been told to change on more than one occasion as we’re walking out the door). She's also very specific about what she will wear (“cute” t-shirts and comfy dresses reign supreme) and will not wear (heaven forbid jeans—or anything denim—graces her closet). Oh-and she will not allow me to buy clothes for her unless she is present.

 We shopped at Forever 21 for the first time recently and she ran over to a hot pink faux leather jacket with metal detailing and fringe, exclaiming, “THIS speaks to me!” I think the jacket might fall under “preppy” or potentially “Olivia Rodrigo vibes” . . . but how can I be sure?

 Before any of us get into trouble with our Gen Alpha kids on our next shopping spree, I went to the experts for a tutorial. The first thing I learned is that essentially when Gen Alpha throws around these terms, they're not just talking about fashion.

 According to Nina Vargas, a celebrity business strategist, stylist, and creator, “They’re embodying lifestyles, attitudes, and a dash of whimsy. It's less about the specific items and more about embracing the spirit of experimentation.” 

 It’s worth noting the influence many young celebrities are having on Gen Alpha’s style. As mentioned in the TikTok video, Olivia Rodrigo has a naturally cool vibe that Gen Alpha is turning to for "inspo."

 “She makes her everyday street style seem achievable and easy to mimic,” says Melony Huber, fashion stylist, as well as founder and design director of ethical lifestyle collection La Peony. “She’s hitting all these new trends and pulling it off in such a chic way. She has a way of incorporating all these TikTok trends but staying true to her style.”

 Gen Alpha also looks to singer Lana Del Rey and actress Sydney Sweeney as style icons—and for embracing the coquette aesthetic. “They both are often seen wearing lots of bows, pastels, and an overall romantic feminine look which includes lots of lace, pink, and dresses,” adds Huber.

 But we still need to know the lingo—here’s a breakdown of the fashion “aesthetics” you may hear Gen Alpha talking about and what it means.

 This aesthetic is all things lace, bows, pinks and pastels, florals, and ruffles.

 “Think about the girly girl and the core of your style being ultra feminine. It's romantic, it’s playful, it's flirty, it's girly,” explains Huber. “It's all things dresses and mini skirts with a focus on the details such as bows, floral prints, and lace.”

 This is a soft girl aesthetic where you take ballet staples and incorporate them into fashion such as ballet flats, tights, and lots of lace, pinks, and ruffles.

 “It’s feminine and really focuses on all the pastels and lots of pleats,” explains Huber. “This also includes all things cardigans, mini skirts, cropped jackets and tops.”

 No, it’s not a gardening project gone wrong, but more rustic meets fairy-tale vibes.

 “Think Little House on the Prairie meets Coachella with a twist,” says Vargas. “Picture flowy dresses, floral prints, and a general aura of living in a permanent Instagram filter where everything is softly lit and slightly sepia-toned.”

 Huber adds it’s an overall lifestyle choice as well, based on keeping it simple.

 “Think of moving into the woods and living in a cute cottage. How would you dress, what activities would you do?” Huber explains. “An example would be laying down a blanket and having a picnic in nature. If your blanket is plaid and your dress is plaid? You’ve achieved cottagecore.”

 The aesthetic includes oversized puffy sleeves, big sun hats, and long flowy floral dresses. “Bonus, add those wildflowers to your hair, and if your hair is in braids, even better,” adds Huber. 

 Beige is the only literal aesthetic.

 “It's a neutral color palette that is aesthetically pleasing and works in so many situations from style to home decor,” says Huber. “Forget the loud colors and big patterns but keep it simple and classic. It somehow always makes you look put together, clean, and elevates your overall look when wearing these muted tones.”

 In 2024, Preppy is now all things bright colors, most notably pink, while adding bows and sparkle.

 “It’s very girly-girl with lots and lots of color,” says Vargas. “That’s a 180 from how we used to see the style of preppy which was actually derived from a prep school look and those who are involved in sports—think old school Abercrombie & Fitch.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)