A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie has moved his cancelled Co-op Live gig to the AO Arena this Saturday, May 4.


  Fans were left feeling angry yesterday evening as the Co-op Live arena cancelled its first ever gig just moments before the doors were set to open.


  American rapper A Boogie Wit da Hoodie was set to perform at the new arena but due to technical issues the show will no longer go ahead.


  The venue posted a statement 10 minutes after the doors were set to open for what was meant to be its first official event.


  And now just 24 hours later, the rapper has rescheduled his Manchester date at a completely different arena.


  A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie took to his X account, formerly known as Twitter, this afternoon to confirm the rescheduled date.


  He said: “Yesterday's cancelled Manchester show has been rescheduled for this Saturday at AO Arena! We won't give up that easy let's go!”


  The arena is now facing backlash after multiple shows have been postponed and cancelled including Peter Kay’s which has been rescheduled three times.


  The Co-op Live Arena has now postponed both Olivia Rodrigo shows this weekend, on May 3 and 4.


  A Co-op Live Arena spokesperson said: "Due to an ongoing venue related technical issue, the scheduled performances of Olivia Rodrigo's GUTS World Tour on 3rd and 4th May are being postponed.


  ”Ticket holders can either hold onto their tickets or obtain a refund from their point of purchase. We deeply apologise for the significant inconvenience this will cause for many."


If you have a story or something you would like to highlight in the community, please email me at chloe.wilson@newsquest.co.uk or DM me on X @chloewjourno.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.