Danielle Nolan and her daughter "cried all morning", after the concerts were called off
Danielle Nolan decided to treat her 10-year-old daughter to tickets to see Olivia Rodrigo at the Co-op Live arena as a Christmas present - spending £500 on tickets and hundreds more on flights and hotels.
But her daughter's dream gig became an "absolute nightmare", after the  £365m Manchester venue had to call off the singer-songwriter's concerts this weekend and postpone its opening again.
"She is absolutely gutted," Ms Nolan, 36, from Belfast, tells BBC News.
"I have cried all morning.
"All in, for flights, hotel tickets and outfits, it has cost me over £1,500."
Speaking about how the arena's bosses have handled its launch, Ms Nolan says: "I'm disgusted.  
"If the venue wasn't up to standards, why are they offering sellout shows?
"There will be people traveling from all over, at the cost of a lot of money, who will be absolutely devastated now."
Rodrigo had been due to kick off her UK tour at the Co-op Live
Marie Imrie, from Wakefield, W Yorks, was due to see Rodrigo with her 11-year-old daughter.
She was initially reluctant to book tickets at a new venue because of the risk of delays but "simply couldn't miss the chance to make her happy".
It would have been her daughter's first concert and she has been left "in floods of tears".
Anger as Rodirigo joins Co-op Live cancellations
What can you do if a gig gets called off?
Fans' dismay as Co-op Live arena cancels show again
"It honestly broke my heart to tell her, as she was surrounded by her bracelet sets - busy making bracelets for the concert," Ms Imrie says.
"I have paid hundreds of pound for tickets, then didn't want to be stranded late in the centre of Manchester, so booked a £200 hotel.
"I understand safety is paramount - but I just don't understand why Co-op booked artists so close to the finishing date.
"Common sense would prevail that issues would arise. 
"I wish I hadn't placed trust in them in the first place."
The Co-op Live will be the UK's biggest indoor arena
William Bruce, from Larkhall, Lanarkshire, was also going to take his 11-year-old daughter - who was in tears all night, after discovering the news.
"The money doesn't matter - but my daughter's feelings do," he says.
"I've got a grievance with the whole arena. 
"The management must have had a plan. 
"Perhaps they shouldn't have booked the artists so close to the completion time. 
"It's not just the money, it's the emotional impact on people. 
"It all feels a little rushed."
Aimee (right) bought tickets as a surprise for friend Grace
Another fan, Aimee, 16, from Manchester, bought tickets as a surprise for her friend Grace.
"I fought to get these tickets and it's just been snatched from under my nose at the last minute," Aimee tells BBC Radio 1's Newsbeat programme. 
"It's just awful."
Grace says she had "never been so happy in my entire life" as when she was given the tickets.
"It was amazing," she says.
"And we've been waiting for it for ages. 
"We were so ready for it - my outfit was in my wardrobe - and then it got taken away last night."
It is "annoying and upsetting", Grace says. 
"They've been hyping it up for so long - and they've been reassuring everybody about how all the concerts are going to go on," she says.
"It is embarrassing."
The arena's operators, Oak View Group, have said they are "deeply sorry for all those impacted".
The latest cancellations come after a heating and ventilation pipe broke during US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's soundcheck, on Wednesday.
Thousands of his fans, who had already gathered at the venue, were left disappointed when the concert was called off at the last minute.
Oak View Group chief executive Tim Leiweke said the "safety and security of all visiting and working on Co-op Live is our utmost priority".
"I deeply apologise for the impact that this has had on ticket holders and fans," he added.
Reporting by Ian Youngs, Peter Gillibrand, Kris Bramwell & Mary Litchfield. 
Are you a worker at Co-op Live? Or do you have tickets to a show? Have you been affected by gigs being called off? You can get in touch by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk, external.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:
WhatsApp: +44 7756 165803, external
Tweet: @BBC_HaveYourSay, external
Upload your pictures/video here, external
Or fill out the form below
Please read our terms & conditions and privacy policy
If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk, external. Please include your name, age and location with any submission. 
Fans angered by Co-op Live arena cancellations
What can you do if a gig gets called off?
Olivia Rodrigo disappointed by Co-op Live fiasco
Fans' dismay as Co-op Live arena cancels show again
Co-op Live: How UK’s biggest indoor arena became butt of jokes
PM Albanese hails 'vote for Australian values' after landslide election win
'Trump was the game-changer': Three things to know about the Australian election result
Fourteen children arrested over boy's fire death
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.