Olivia Rodrigo will perform on Friday, July 19, 2024, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. Here, she performs at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sept. 12, 2021, in New York. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP, File)Charles Sykes
Olivia Rodrigo’s “GUTS World Tour” sold out very quickly when tickets went on sale in September 2023.
When more tickets were released by Ticketmaster in January, they also sold out.
The “GUTS World Tour” started Feb. 23 and ends in August after 77 shows in North America and Europe.
The tour includes a stop in Pennsylvania: Friday, July 19 at 7:30 p.m. at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia.
You can still find tickets on secondary market sites but prices are increasing rapidly. Here is where you can find tickets (prices are as of the time of this post).
Rodrigo’s Philadelphia concert is her first in the United States after returning from Portugal.
On Saturday, July 20, (prices start at $316 on Stubhub) she will perform at Capital One Arena in Washington, D.C.
Rodrigo also will perform April 5-6 and April 8-9 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. 
You can find tickets for the Madison Square Garden shows here
Rodrigo has won three Grammy Awards, seven Billboard Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, four iHeart Radio Music Awards and two People’s Choice Awards.
She was named Entertainer of the Year in 2021 by Time and Billboard Woman of the Year in 2022.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices