Best Song Written for Visual Media is especially interesting to predict at the Grammys since you can also take into account the Emmys, Oscars, and other visual media prizes. But this year’s five nominees are mostly what you expect from a category like this, with Grammy-loved artists and big hits making up the lineup.
You can probably rule out a couple of songs. Barbra Streisand’s “Love Will Survive” was an unexpected nominee, and while it features songwriting from legendary composer Hans Zimmer, songs from TV programs rarely win here, and it doesn’t help that "The Tattooist of Auschwitz" had limited buzz. Next, “Better Place” from "Trolls Band Together" was a decent-sized hit overall, peaking at No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100. Plus, the nostalgia around NSYNC’s reunion could leave many wanting to reward them. However, "Trolls" and the song peaked long ago, and voters might decide this is too similar to Justin Timberlake’s other big "Trolls" hit, “Can’t Stop the Feeling!,” which they already awarded here.
Ultimately, this will be a fight between three songs. Luke Combs’ “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” is easily the biggest hit here, peaking in the top 15 on the Hot 100. While the biggest hit doesn’t always win, it is a good sign that the song is well liked, and it’s also important that the film’s soundtrack is up for Best Compilation. A lot of the winners here have been nominated alongside their albums, including "What Was I Made For?” (from "Barbie"), “Let It Go” ("Frozen"), “Glory” ("Selma"), and “I’ll Never Love Again” ("A Star Is Born"). So that could be an indicator of strength.
Olivia Rodrigo’s “Can’t Catch Me Now” from "The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes" was a hit for the singer-songwriter, and it's reminiscent of Taylor Swift’s “Safe and Sound” from the first "Hunger Games," which won this award. The song's folksy songwriting will also appeal to a lot of voters here. Its weakness is that the movie isn't nominated anywhere else, although that wasn’t an issue for “Safe and Sound.” That song, though, had the benefit of T Bone Burnett, a huge Grammy favorite as a songwriter.
There’s also Jon Batiste’s “It Never Went Away” from "American Symphony." It was Oscar-nominated, and is also deeply personal for Batiste. The song’s biggest hurdle is its relatively low profile compared to the Combs and Rodrigo hits. However, the Grammys love Batiste, and this is the only song here also nominated by the Motion Picture Academy, which indicates that the industry really loves it. Batiste and Rodrigo have both won Grammys in the general field (in the same year, in fact), so there's a lot of support for them as artists in general.
Batiste may have the advantage. Since "American Symphony" wasn’t eligible in Best Compilation Soundtrack, it wasn’t actively snubbed like "The Hunger Games" was. Plus, the two big hits here might split votes and allow Batiste’s passionate industry fans to carry him to the win. It also helps that "American Symphony" is up for Best Music Film, just like Bo Burnham’s "Inside" was when he won here in 2022.
Will win: Jon Batiste, “It Never Went Away”
Could win: Olivia Rodrigo, “Can’t Catch Me Now”
Gold Derby odds say: Jon Batiste, "It Never Went Away"
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media