Good 4 U if you manage to get tickets to this!
Olivia Rodrigo has been announced as the latest act at London's BST Hyde Park, in what will be her biggest UK show to date.
Next June, the Driver's License singer will be headlining alongside the The Last Dinner Party and girl in red, with more names to be announced soon.
Rodrigo's show lands in the middle of her Guts World tour, which will be taking her to Manchester's CO-OP Arena at the end of the month.
The announcement has also sparked plenty of Glastonbury rumours. The singer last performed at the famous Somerset festival in 2022, except on the Other Stage instead of The Pyramid.
Rodrigo is the fifth headline act to be announced, alongside Jeff Lynne's ELO, Zach Bryan, Hugh Jackman, Noah Kahan and Robbie Williams.
More are due to be announced soon but for now here's how you can get tickets to see the purple popstar live.
Buy Olivia Rodrigo BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
BST Hyde Park normally runs on weekends throughout June and July. Here's the date of Olivia Rodrigo's show:
Buy Olivia Rodrigo BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
Tickets start at £112 for general admission, although you can buy Primary Entry and Gold Circle tickets starting from £133. If you're taking a child aged 2-9 tickets cost £64.95.
Buy Olivia Rodrigo BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
General sale opens at 9am on Friday 15th November. Given how popular Rodrigo is we'd recommend following all our tips in how to beat the Ticketmaster queue.
Buy Olivia Rodrigo BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
Yes. Olivia Rodrigo is also performing two shows at Manchester's CO-OP Live in 2025 as part of her Guts world tour.
Tickets to this went on sale earlier this year and have understandably sold out. However, you could try your hand at getting hospitality tickets through official partner Seat Unique.
Buy Olivia Rodrigo hospitality tickets at Seat Unique
Sign up for our Going Out newsletter to receive the latest updates on new ticket releases, plus inspiration for how to spend your weekend.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
For more Going Out fun, here's how to grab a Black Friday saving on Orland Florida tickets, plus how to see Hercules at the West End. 
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!