Noah KahanImage provided by: Ticketmaster
Noah Kahan is not set to return to Michigan this year but fans still have options for seeing the folk-pop music sensation.
Stubhub, Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and Ticketmaster have tickets to see Kahan play shows in Ohio, Pennsylvania and London, Ontario -- all within easy driving distance of lower Michigan. Act now, tickets are selling fast.
Ticket prices range from $200 to $1,050 but ticket prices will fluctuate.
Noah Kahan’s 32-date “We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour” kicked off in March and continues with stops across North America in Toronto, Montreal, Nashville, Dallas, Austin, Los Angeles, New York, and more before wrapping up in July 2024.
Kahan, who has collaborated with Zach Bryan and Post Malone, has amassed critical acclaim with his folk-infused pop music, upbeat energy, and unfiltered lyrics. Since his debut, the Vermont singer-songwriter has racked up over one billion streams and performed on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Late Night with Seth Meyers and TODAY, according to Vivid Seats.
Noah Kahan’s rendition of Olivia Rodrigo’s hit ‘Lacy’ while performing for BBC Radio 1′s ‘Live Lounge’ is set to be released on vinyl, April 20, in celebration of Record Store Day.
Also set for release is Olivia Rodrigo’s rendition of Kahan’s hit song “Stick Season,” also performed at the BBC Radio 1′s Live Lounge a month before Kahan’s performance.
Traveling pop-folk fans can get tickets to Noah Kahan tour stops in Ohio, Pennsylvania and London, Ontario -- all within easy driving distance of lower Michigan.
Stubhub, Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and Ticketmaster have tickets to the 2024 tour stops in the US and Canada.
London -- Sunday, April 7, 2024, 8:00pm, Budweiser Gardens, London, Ontario
Stubhub
Vivid Seats
SeatGeek
Ticketmaster
Cuyahoga Falls -- Tuesday, May 28, 2024, 8:00pm, Blossom Music Center, Cuyahoga Falls, OH
Stubhub
Vivid Seats
SeatGeek
Ticketmaster
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices