From the moment that the Minnesota Vikings swung a trade to acquire a second pick in the first round of the 2024 NFL Draft, the speculation was on. They are clearly stocking up to make a big move, but how high will the draft capital allow them to go?
At this point, the assumption should be that the Vikings would be tapped out when trying to go above the fourth overall selection. Caleb Williams is a lock to the Chicago Bears, and the two quarterbacks expected to follow him are seen as part of an upper-tier as well. That means J.J. McCarthy has been the name drawing a lot of steam for Minnesota. Is there a way for them to get Drake Maye or Jayden Daniels, though?
With the Washington Commanders and New England Patriots both following the Bears, it’s straightforward to expect the first three picks to be quarterbacks. Washington hasn’t had a consistent quarterback since the days of Kirk Cousins, and the Patriots would love to find someone to look even a portion of what Tom Brady brought to the table. That means both Daniels and Maye should have homes there.
It’s fair to suggest that either quarterback would be a more exciting pick than the next one from a tier down, but Minnesota’s two first-round picks this year won’t land them here. For the Vikings to acquire either Maye or Daniels, they would need to pay an even more gargantuan haul, and they’ll need to decide if that ransom is worth it.
Daniels is probably the prospect least connected to Minnesota at this point. He would show off a running ability that separated him enough at the collegiate level to make him a Heisman Trophy winner. It remains to be seen which team covets him more, but mock drafts have shown him landing with both Washington and New England.
When the draft cycle began, Maye found himself as the 1B to Williams. He could now be the third quarterback off the board, and while he did have a down season in his final year with the Tar Heels, there is still plenty to like. Specifically for the Vikings, quarterbacks coach Josh McCown worked with the former North Carolina product while he was in high school, and speculation has run rampant since Kevin O’Connell added to his staff.
J.J. McCarthy would be a fine consolation prize for the Vikings. Ultimately, they need to find the quarterback of the future after Cousins’s departure. Still, though, if they are willing to jump that high, then they must go all out and grab their guy regardless of the cost. Picking at four and watching the preferred option go at two or three shouldn’t be part of the blueprint, and it will be on Kwesi Adofo-Mensah and company to ensure that.
Ted Schwerzler is a blogger from the Twin Cities that is focused on all things Minnesota Twins and Minnesota Vikings. He’s active on Twitter and writes weekly for Twins Daily. As a former college athlete and avid sports fan, covering our pro teams with a passion has always seemed like such a natural outlet.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.