Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Plymouth’s large Holland and Barrett health store has closed - but is set to reopen. The outlet, on the ground floor of Drake Circus Shopping Centre, shut earlier this week.
But it is understood the company has scheduled a refit of the premises. A board covering the store entrance reads: “Say hello to… your new Plymouth Drake Circus store.”
Holland and Barrett has been contacted for comment but had not replied by the time of writing.
READ NEXT
  Plymouth mum terminal after Derriford Hospital missed cancer  
  Plymouth dance company goes bust with massive debts  
Drake Circus mall was unable to add anything. The nearby Waterstones bookstore has also been undergoing a refit, but has remained open. Work is also under way to create a large Mountain Warehouse outlet in the upper mall.
The Holland and Barrett store opened in the British Land-owned shopping centre in 2016. It later closed a small unit in Cornwall Street after the relocation.
The Drake Circus mall website says: “Holland and Barrett is the UK’s leading retailer of vitamins, minerals and herbal supplements, with stores in almost every major city and town across the UK. Interest in natural food supplements has increased considerably over the last few years, with more and more people opting for a healthy lifestyle, and Holland & Barrett has always had a commitment to its customers to provide high quality products at value for money prices.”
In January this year it was reported that Holland and Barrett saw group sales remain static for the year to the end of September 2022. Sales declined 0.2% to £725.3m with UK revenues falling 1.9% to £509.1m, while international sales grew 4% to £216m.
    Click here  to join PlymouthLive on WhatsApp and we'll send breaking news and top stories directly to your phone. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our  Privacy Notice.