Photo: Getty Images
Metro Boomin has finally shared his thoughts about Drake and Kendrick Lamar's beef months after the famed producer played a role in the high-profile rap battle. The Grammy award-winning producer opened up about his part in the melee during Forbes' Under 30 Summit in Cincinnati on Monday, September. During a conversation with Forbes editor Matt Craig, Young Metro was asked about his "diplomatic" role in rap's civil war over the summer. He felt the the competition fans experienced between the Big 3 and others was "great for the game." However, he also said that stan culture made Drake and Kendrick's battle more "weird" than previous match-ups. 
"So when two of the top dogs in the game and you both feel like you're the best, it’s like, OK, now we gotta have a showdown," Metro explained. "We saw it with JAY-Z and Nas before. But I just I feel like more today it's more like stan culture, it makes it kind of weird.. Back in the day, JAY-Z and Nas went at it, but I was a fan of both of them and most people were. It was like, OK, it's OK. It's not like I hate this side, I hate this side. It's like the Internet just makes it a little too wild now. But I feel like it's good for the game.""As far as me being diplomatic, I mean, it's just entertainment at the end of the day," he continued. "I have love and respect for all my collaborators. I just want to see everyone do the best and continue to help push this forward. ’Cause we're all here, you know, to deposit in and uplift this genre and push it forward, you know? This is our era, so it's really our responsibility to keep pushing it forward for the next one and so forth.”Metro Boomin and Drake's issues began months before he and Future allowed Kendrick Lamar to launch a lyrical war against the OVO Sound founder on their song "Like That." Prior to the explosive track, fans believed Metro had fired subliminal shots on social media after the Drizzy issued a warning to "tweeters and deleters." Metro denied the claims at the time but now it's clear that there was tension between them. In addition to the chaos that unfolded among artists and fans at the time, Metro continued to stir the pot with beats like "BBL Drizzy" — which was inspired by shots Rick Ross fired at Drake before dropping "Champagne Moments." While it seems like Drake is preparing for round two, Metro appears to have moved on from his issues with his former collaborator. Watch Metro Boomin's entire conversation with Forbes below.