With NFL training camps underway, several quarterback battles are heating up. 
Here are the five most intriguing competitions we are tracking:
Denver Broncos | Bo Nix vs. Jarrett Stidham vs. Zach Wilson
Is Wilson already falling behind? At the start of camp, all three QBs split reps with the first-team offense. However, Stidham worked with the starters Tuesday when it was supposed to be Wilson's turn.
Following practice, Broncos head coach Sean Payton claimed he's not changing the plan but didn't clarify whether Wilson would receive more snaps with the starting offense.
According to longtime NFL reporter James Palmer, Stidham is the team's best QB, but Nix could usurp him if he keeps making big plays. The Denver Gazette's Kyle Fredrickson reported the rookie escaped a broken pocket for a 20-plus-yard scramble during Monday's practice.
More importantly, Nix is impressing his teammates. On Monday, Broncos offensive tackle Mike McGlinchey told reporters, "He will do great things for us."
Las Vegas Raiders | Gardner Minshew II vs. Aidan O'Connell
Raiders HC Antonio Pierce signaled neither QB has separated himself thus far, but he wants that to change.
"I'd like to see — again, I'm gonna keep saying it — somebody to just take it and say, 'I'm the guy, AP.' Make it clear and evident," Pierce said Tuesday. "And then we'll make that decision at that point."
That may take time, though. Per The Athletic's Tashan Reed, O'Connell took most of the starting snaps Tuesday after Minshew did Monday. Reed added O'Connell played slightly better, but both QBs struggled.
Minnesota Vikings | Sam Darnold vs. J.J. McCarthy
McCarthy — the 10th overall pick of the 2024 NFL Draft — worked with the No. 3 offense in OTAs and minicamp, but he's climbing the depth chart. During a Tuesday episode of NFL Network's "Inside Training Camp Live," Vikings HC Kevin O'Connell said he plans to give McCarthy snaps with the No. 1 offense.
"I'm so excited about J.J. McCarthy," O'Connell said. "He's confirmed in every possible way what we had hoped and really proven in a lot of ways early on to be even more than we hoped from the standpoint of the type of person and player we brought in."
Still, former first-round pick Darnold has spent more time with the starting offense, giving him an advantage. O'Connell pointed out that he should flourish with a stacked receiving corps that includes WR Justin Jefferson, Jordan Addison and tight end T.J. Hockenson.
New England Patriots | Drake Maye vs. Jacoby Brissett
On Monday, Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo told FanDuel's Kay Adams he would choose Brissett over Maye if they were "neck-and-neck" at the end of training camp. Although Brissett hasn't started since 2022, Mayo's comments shouldn't come as a huge surprise.
Maye must improve his accuracy. NESN's Keagan Stiefel claims that the third overall pick of the 2024 NFL Draft completed 3-of-11 passes during competitive periods in Monday's practice. Brissett, meanwhile, went 12-of-17.
Expect Brissett to keep pulling away. ESPN's Dan Graziano predicted the veteran passer may start multiple regular-season games in 2024 before Maye takes over.
Pittsburgh Steelers | Russell Wilson vs. Justin Fields
Wilson suffered a calf injury during the first week of practices, allowing Fields to work with the first-team offense. He took advantage of his opportunity.
Yardbarker's Aaron Becker reported Fields ran for 20-plus yards on a read option. He also connected with wide receivers Calvin Austin III and George Pickens on deep passes.
Former Super Bowl champion Wilson returned to practice in a limited capacity Tuesday but looked sharp. The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's Ray Fittipaldo notes that he threw a long pass to TE Connor Heyward during seven-on-seven drills.
Regardless, it seems Fields is catching up to Wilson. In a Tuesday interview with CBS Sports' Evan Washburn, Steelers HC Mike Tomlin praised Fields and said he's excited about the competition's "trajectory." 
Dalton is a 2022 journalism graduate of the University of Texas at Austin. He gained experience in sports media over the past seven years — from live broadcasting and creating short films to podcasting and producing. In college, he wrote for The Daily Texan. He loves sports and enjoys hiking, kayaking and camping.
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!