e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Crews saw no western movement of the Alexander Mountain Fire overnight, the Southwest Area Incident Management Team 1 reported Sunday morning, additional containment was reported, although the 32% figure has not yet been changed, and some residents are being allowed back in their homes.
The fire remained at 9,668 acres.
Operations Section Chief Brandon Woodward, in a video on the Alexander Mountain Fire Facebook page, said that the fire is currently listed at 32% containment, but the team is close to listing more containment.
“As far as containment, actually control lines around the fire, we’re almost there,” he said.
Late Sunday morning, the Larimer County Sheriff’s Office cleared or downgraded evacuation orders for several affected areas.
Evacuation orders were lifted for areas east of County Road 27 from U.S. 34 to Masonville; Pinewood, Flatirons, Carter Reservoir area, including Pole Hill; Glen Haven and the Dunraven Glade Retreat area.
Orders were downgraded to voluntary evacuation for County Road 43 from the Retreat to Drake; east from the Little Dam Store including Green Ridge Glade Reservoir, Eden Valley, Bobcat Natural Area and Sylvan Dale.
Go to nocoalert.org for a map of the updated areas.
On Sunday afternoon, the Larimer County Office of Emergency Management announced the opening of credentialing stations for property owners from the Cedar Park and Storm Mountain communities. Visit larimer.gov/spotlights/2024/08/4/alexander-mountain-fire-evacuee-re-entry-credentialing to see a list of addresses that are authorized to receive credentialing, the locations of the credentialing centers, and date/times of credentialing. Anyone who does not live or own property in Cedar Park or Storm Mountain will be turned away if they go to the credentialing centers, the office said in the announcement.
Several dumpsters have been placed along U.S. 34 for residents to deposit food waste. For guidance from the Centers for Disease Control on food safety visit larimer.gov/sites/default/files/foodafterapoweroutage.pdf and larimer.gov/sites/default/files/foodafterapoweroutage-spanish.pdf.
In his report, Woodward said in areas on the east and along U.S. 34, the team is using infrared mapping and other tools to identify hot spots and sending firefighters in to handle them. Crews also are doing mop up in those sections and in the Cedar Park area.
Along the north edge of the fire, the team has surged crews in the complete containment across that side.
On the southwest corner crews were able to complete the containment line on Saturday, so an expected burn there was not done, Woodward added.
The morning statement said fuels remain dry and although the fire will not be as aggressive, spread is still possible, the team’s report stated, adding gusty winds could cause the fire to spread in any direction.
On Sunday, showers and thunderstorms are possible in the area with erratic and gusty winds.
Dispersed smoke and high ozone levels are forecasted for today, the report said, adding people can expect decreasing smoke throughout the week.
Damage Assessment Teams have not been able to assess all of the damaged properties in fire-impacted areas​, according to a Sunday night news release from the Larimer County Sheriff’s Office..
​T​he teams will go in and finish their assessments as soon as it is safe to do so​, hoping to do that Sunday morning.
​The LCSO is still looking to contact property owners with property on Cedar Creek Road, Spruce Mountain Drive, Green Ridge Road, Possum Court, Palisade Mountain Drive, Snow Top Drive and Bobcat Drive.
Anyone who owns property on any of these roads who has not already received a phone call regarding damage, is asked to contact the Damage Assessment Center at 970-980-2800 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., with current contact information.
Not all properties on these roads were affected, the release said.
Acres: 9,968 acres.
Containment: 32%.
Structures lost: Around 25 homes and 20 outbuildings.
Structures damaged: Four structures.
Evacuation notifications made: 2,415 mandatory, 2,588 voluntary.
Tips sought: The cause of the Alexander Mountain Fire is under investigation. Anyone with information regarding the cause and origin of the fire is asked to call the Forest Service Law Enforcement Tip Line at 303-275-5266. Photographs and videos can be submitted via fs.us.evidence.com/axon/community-request/public/amountainfire.
Resources:
• Updates on Facebook are at facebook.com/AlexanderMountainFire.
• More information on the fire’s size and spread can be found on the InciWeb page and information on evacuation zones can be found at nocoalert.org.
• The Sheriff’s Office operates a Joint Information Center at 970-980-2500 with information on evacuations and resources.
• The Forest Service implemented Stage 2 fire restrictions. View details at fs.usda.gov/detail/arp/alerts-notices.
• Comcast has opened its network of public Xfinity Wifi hotspots in Loveland, Fort Collins, Boulder and Longmont, free for anyone to use. Visit xfinity.com/wifi.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group