By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:27, 9 August 2024   |  Updated:  06:29, 9 August 2024   
 17
View  comments
Joanna Gaines gave her eldest child Drake Gaines a hug before sending him off to study business entrepreneurship at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor in Belton, TX - which is located only 44 miles South of their Waco, TX hometown.
'Saying goodbye never gets easier,' the 46-year-old Fixer Upper star - who boasts 21.5M social media followers - captioned her emotional post on Thursday.
'Lots of love to all the parents sending their kids off to school this season.'
The 20-year-old freshman has already been recruited to be No. 77 outfielder for the baseball team Crusaders at the private Baptist university, which was ranked among the worst schools in Texas for LGTBQAI students in 2016.
The UMHB Student Handbook reportedly used to prohibit homosexual behavior, and in 2015, the university was granted an exception to Title IX allowing it exclude LGBTQAI student organizations for religious reasons.
Joanna Gaines gave her eldest child Drake Gaines a hug before sending him off to study business entrepreneurship at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor in Belton, TX - which is located only 44 miles South of their Waco, TX hometown: 'Saying goodbye never gets easier'
Joanna and her husband Chip Gaines famously stood by their evangelical Antioch Community Church in 2016 after their pastor Jimmy Seibert openly denounced homosexuality and gay marriage and professed his support for conversion therapy.
'In times of trouble,' the 49-year-old Fixer Upper star tweeted amid the controversy. 'You'll find the Gaines family at church.'
On Tuesday, Gaines (born Stevens) Instastoried several snaps from the inside of Drake's new college apartment - including his nearly empty fridge, houseplant, rustic coffee table, and ring toss 'drinking game.'
The interior designer made sure to sneak a copy of her 2013 cookbook Magnolia Table, Volume 3 on to Drake's shelf 'for color.'
The avid baseballer mounted a decorative wooden board featuring a quote from the late, great New York Yankees outfielder Babe Ruth, which read: 'Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.'
Last Saturday, Joanna posted a 'fun in the sun' video montage of her lavish vacation to Sugar Beach, A Viceroy Resort, on the Eastern Caribbean isle of Saint Lucia with her entire family.
The Gaines gang appeared to have a blast zip-lining, visiting a waterfall, and swimming at their beachfront bungalow at the resort featuring an 18th century sugar plantation, 100-acre rainforest, and UNESCO World Heritage-listed Pitons (dramatically tapered mountains).
They're also proud parents of four younger children - daughter Ella Rose, 17; son Duke, 16; daughter Emmie, 14; and son Crew, 6.
The 20-year-old freshman has already been recruited to be No. 77 outfielder for the baseball team Crusaders at the private Baptist university, which was ranked among the worst schools in Texas for LGTBQAI students in 2016 
The 46-year-old Fixer Upper star and her husband Chip Gaines famously stood by their evangelical Antioch Community Church in 2016 after their pastor Jimmy Seibert openly denounced homosexuality and gay marriage and professed his support for conversion therapy
On Tuesday, Joanna Instastoried several snaps from the inside of Drake's new college apartment - including his nearly empty fridge, houseplant, rustic coffee table, and ring toss 'drinking game'
Gaines (born Stevens) made sure to sneak a copy of her 2013 cookbook Magnolia Table, Volume 3 on to Drake's shelf 'for color.'
The avid baseballer mounted a decorative wooden board featuring a quote from the late, great New York Yankees outfielder Babe Ruth, which read: 'Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game' 
Last Saturday, the interior designer posted a 'fun in the sun' video montage of her lavish vacation to Sugar Beach, A Viceroy Resort, on the Eastern Caribbean isle of Saint Lucia with her entire family
A post shared by Joanna Gaines (@joannagaines)
The Gaines gang appeared to have a blast zip-lining, visiting a waterfall, and swimming at their beachfront bungalow at the resort featuring an 18th century sugar plantation, 100-acre rainforest, and UNESCO World Heritage-listed Pitons (dramatically tapered mountains)
They're also proud parents of four younger children - daughter Ella Rose, 17; son Duke, 16; daughter Emmie, 14; and son Crew (pictured), 6 
On June 1, Joanna and Chip - who began dating in 2001 - impressively celebrated their 21st wedding anniversary by posting a throwback snap of the inseparable couple in Manhattan's Central Park circa 2003. 
The Baylor University sweethearts will next co-host their free ninth annual Silobration festival taking place October 10-12 at Magnolia Market at the Silos in Waco, TX
Joanna and Chip co-founded their furniture and decor company Magnolia 21 years ago, which has spawned Magnolia Realty, Magnolia Market, Magnolia Journal, Magnolia Press, Magnolia Network, and cooking show Magnolia Table 
On June 1, Joanna and Chip - who began dating in 2001 - impressively celebrated their 21st wedding anniversary by posting a throwback snap of the inseparable couple in Manhattan's Central Park circa 2003.
'Twenty One Years. You've always had a way of taking a thought or a quiet dream I've tucked away, and helped me step into it and make it a reality,' Gaines gushed.
'What a journey, a wild and crazy (yet somehow peaceful) ride. So grateful to God for this life we get to share together.'
The Baylor University sweethearts will next co-host their free ninth annual Silobration festival taking place October 10-12 at Magnolia Market at the Silos in Waco, TX.
Joanna and Chip co-founded their furniture and decor company Magnolia 21 years ago, which has spawned Magnolia Realty, Magnolia Market, Magnolia Journal, Magnolia Press, Magnolia Network, and cooking show Magnolia Table.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group