ByLewis Nunn
ByLewis Nunn, Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Lewis Nunn is a Senior Travel Editor based in London.
ByLewis Nunn,
 Contributor. 
Introducing VZ Bespoke.
Founded by Italian celebrity chef Andrea Zagatti and lifestyle curator to billionaires and royal families alike, Alberto Verdulli – VZ Bespoke is a boutique travel concierge, lifestyle, and ‘ultimate experience’ company serving private ultra-high-net-worth individuals around the world and working as an extension of private clubs, family offices, banks, travel agencies, and concierge companies.
Offering exclusive insider access, haut travel arrangements by hypercars, jets, or superyachts from the North Pole to Geneva, impossible restaurant bookings, exclusive use of entire floors of top hotels, and private meetings with A-list celebrities, sportsmen, heads of governments, royals, and billionaires alike, they leverage their extensive networks and black books developed over the past 15 years.
Superyacht
“We take a hands-on approach, working on-site, meeting clients face to face, and most importantly, making ourselves available 24/7.
We are passionate about creating once-in-a-lifetime experiences, something the clients, despite their valuable entourage, never thought to experience or couldn’t achieve,” says Zagatti.
Whether a client wants to spend a week as a king, get introduced to some of the best doctors in the world, or dine with Royal families, their clients have impeccable desires and often have no budget limitations to make them happen.
“It’s pretty normal for us to work with complex, last-minute requests,” adds Zagatti.
Emirates Palace in Abu Dhabi
Rather than trying to compete against mammoth concierge companies like Quintessentially and John Paul Group, VZ Bespoke sits within large corporate structures, offering B2B white-label solutions as an extension of their services.
“We can wear any hat needed during the mission while the final user remains in our client’s hands — our experience on the ground with the most demanding individuals in the world is a game changer in the sector.
Even if the client has sorted everything for the final users, VZ Bespoke can be added to the package to provide the so-called cherries on top during a vacation or experience,” says Verdulli.
“With a boutique operation, we can work quicker than the blink of an eye—and that’s so important when dealing with crisis management and unforeseen events.
We have strategic connections all over the world that can solve important matters in a matter of minutes,” adds Verdulli.
Alberto Verdulli and Andrea Zagatti
Co-founder Andrea Zagatti trained as a Michelin star chef at the world-famous Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in London before spending three years working in some of the most influential restaurants around the world, from Osteria Francescana to Mugaritz.
“I got into food because I like to see people feeling joyful trying my creations,” says Zagatti.
At the tender age of 22, Zagatti became a private chef working for major clients such as Roger Waters, M&M, Kanye West, Drake, Matteo Renzi, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and the British royal family.
Andrea Zagatti
But when the Covid pandemic hit, Zagatti suddenly had to adjust his business model as the majority, if not all, dinners and parties were no longer being booked. Thus, with his black book of ultra-high-net-worth individuals, he started to provide a more concierge-oriented service for his celebrity clients while receiving media attention for his luxury gourmet sandwich company, Mr Z’s Luxury Sandwiches.
“Suddenly, I found myself becoming friends with all my past clients who would hire me, surrounded by the top 1% — while Alberto came from the world of lifestyle arrangements, one-to-one assistance to top families, and bespoke experiences, taking care of their most audacious dreams.
So, after managing several projects independently with great success, we decided to launch a business to fully leverage our combined access and passion for generating value for demanding individuals,” says Zagatti.
Andrea Zagatti
Zagatti tells me that if somebody wants to play tennis with a champion in their private villa, dine with a famous designer or government representative, enjoy a health retreat on a yacht, or have a private concert in a world-famous venue, VZ Bespoke can make it happen in one phone call.
“We have access that most other concierge companies cannot have because they’ve come from, let’s say, a ‘working background’ – they’ve seen glimpses into the world of the 1%, but they were not around it every day as Alberto and I have been for decades.
If you’re in this world every single day, you get access and ways to do business that most people don’t get,” adds Zagatti.
“If a client requires a Chalet, a Villa, or a unique venue, we will come up with something unique and, in most cases, off-market, given the direct relationship with the owners.
Recently, a client wanted to drive around Italy in a Ferrari 250 GTO, followed by a sort of Mille Miglia podium celebration like the old times,” added Zagatti.
Chalet
Alberto Verdulli, on the other hand, has spent the last 15 years as a lifestyle curator for billionaires and royal families around the world, crafting bespoke experiences, facilitating the acquisitions of passion assets, and introducing off-market opportunities in business fields.
“If you want to be introduced to famous fashion designers, experience a day with an F1 Champion on the track, scout unique venues for your next event, and source off-market passion assets to secure your next purchase or the best health solutions and programs available worldwide, you can count on us and our black book,” says Verdulli.
Racing Track
VZ Bespoke recently hosted a 7-day’ Longevity and Business’ retreat for their influential clients, tailor-made, based on each of their profiles and tastes.
The goal was to improve their knowledge of the healthiest food in the world, going through analysis and procedures with some of the top longevity experts in the world.
Along with stress management and performance masterclasses and style improvements with world-renowned personal stylists.
“All of that while sharing passions such as golf, watches, rare supercars, and meaningful human connections,” says Verdulli.
Golf Resort
As the pair looks ahead to the future, due to popular demand, they’re now considering limiting their services to a select number of organizations and private individuals through quarterly retainers.
“Our calendar is largely booked in advance for experiences and events, and we have an extensive waiting list, so to secure our one-to-one assistance, the retainer can be the best option for a few selected clients with a high frequency of demands, especially for repeated last-minute arrangements,” says Verdulli.
For more information, visit vzbespoke.com.