Is somebody going to match Tinashe's freak? The American singer-songwriter is coming to the UK early next year, and we have everything you need to know to secure tickets today.
Tinashe fans, Link Up! The Watch Me Work singer has announced London and Dublin dates to her Match My Freak World Tour.
If you've had the lyrics to Tinashe's smash hit song Nasty stuck in your head all summer, you're certainly not alone. Tinashe released the first two albums of her three-album trilogy in 2023 and 2024, with BB/ANG3L blessing our ears in 2023, and Quantum Baby arriving last year.
The latter album featured the lead single Nasty, which sparked a TikTok dance trend and hit number one on the US Rhythmic Radio Chart.
Unsurprisingly, Nasty was named TikTok's Song of the Summer in the UK. But it's not just in the last few years that Tinashe has been making waves with her music.
Tinashe released her debut studio album, Aquarius, in 2014, which received widespread critical acclaim. Aquarius's lead single, 2 On, dominated the charts, and was later remixed by Canadian rapper Drake.
The Getting No Sleep singer is coming to London and Dublin at the end of winter next year, and here's everything you need to know to secure tickets today.
Buy Tinashe tickets at Ticketmaster
Take a look at some of the latest ticketing releases such as Dua Lipa tickets, Justin Timberlake tickets and Kylie Minogue tickets.
Jump to:
With just one UK date and one Ireland date announced for Tinashe's Match My Freak World Tour, we're sure all Tinashe fans are hoping it's a location near them. Let's take a look.
Sign up for our Going Out newsletter to receive the latest updates on new ticket releases, plus inspiration for how to spend your weekend.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
General on sale opens on Friday 11th October at 9am.
Buy Tinashe tickets at Ticketmaster
For more ticketing guides, check out how to get cheap concert tickets, why are concert tickets so expensive, and how does the American Express pre-sale work at Ticketmaster.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!