Days of Our Lives (DOOL) viewers continue to mourn the loss of Drake Hogestyn.
The news about the soap opera legend hit this past weekend, as fans learned the 70-year-old lost his battle with pancreatic cancer.
Now, reports have surfaced indicating when Hogestyn’s final airdate as John Black took place.
His character had been written out of storylines in the spring as John Black headed to Greece when he wanted closure for his role in killing Catherina Meleounis (Ellie Patrikios).
He shockingly re-emerged when Chad DiMera (Billy Flynn) and Jack Deveraux (Matthew Ashford) found him in the same abandoned warehouse that they were looking to find “Abigail DiMera” (AnnaLynne McCord) this past summer.
John was active in his son Brady Black’s (Eric Martsolf) storyline as a source of support when he was charged in the hit-and-run accident involving Sarah Kiriakis (Linsey Godfrey).
In an interesting turn of events, Jason 47’s Daytime Website Facebook page has offered an update on Hogestyn’s final DOOL episode.
According to the post, it has already aired.
Jason 47 notes that Days has confirmed to him that Drake’s final show as John Black took place on Monday, September 9.
He spent time with Marlena Evans (Deidre Hall) during that show; however, John’s last scenes were with his onscreen son, Brady Black (Eric Martsolf), and onscreen grandson, Tate Black (Leo Howard).
Most fans know that Days shoots several months ahead of their broadcast and were likely anticipating some final shows with John Black and Drake Hogestyn in them.
Sadly, this is not the case.
While Hogestyn’s episode aired weeks ago, the silver lining to the soap being on a streaming service platform is that fans can go back and watch John Black’s last show, multiple times over if they wish to.
Hogestyn entered the land of Salem in 1986, and participated in other Peacock DOOL-related specials, like Days of Our Lives: Beyond Salem and Days of Our Lives: A Very Salem Christmas.
The John Black character was one that “did it all” in soaps and was one of the most popular figures on daytime drama for his generation.
His super couple status with Marlena was what soapy ‘90s romance dreams are made of, and the impact Drake Hogestyn left on the world of daytime will forever be felt.
Days of Our Lives will likely organize a tribute show in the months ahead, so fans will have to wait and stay tuned to CDL for all the important details, as they are released.
CDL is the best place to find the most up-to-date Days of Our Live spoilers, predictions, and news, so visit this site often for all things related to DOOL.
RELATED POSTS