FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — Happy Thanksgiving, Falcons fans!
After a bye week spent recovering and retooling, the Atlanta Falcons will be back in action this weekend when they welcome a formidable Los Angeles Chargers squad to town.
The Falcons started the year strong but lost their two games prior to the bye week, including a Week 11 loss to the Denver Broncos that stands as the team's worst of the season. Their playoff aspirations are still firmly intact, though, and the Falcons control their own destiny, so there are plenty of reasons to remain hopeful as long as corrections are made.
New additions from an offseason defined by change have been a large factor in getting the Falcons to their current spot. As we all take a moment to pause and reflect on the things we most appreciate, our editorial team wanted to spotlight the Atlanta newcomer they are most thankful for.
Which new member of the Falcons are you most thankful for?
McELHANEY: Kirk Cousins
Y'all had to know I was going with Kirk, right? I feel like I had to, even with the recency bias of the last two losses. I'm still going to go with him.
I am doing so because quarterback is not a position I feel the need to talk much about any longer. It's not my sole focus as it has been in years past. It's also not the position I think needs the most help any longer. I think Cousins has shown through multiple games — in wins and losses — why you go out and get him in the offseason.
After the quarterback purgatory of the last two seasons, it's nice to have some stability and consistency at a position that (let's be honest) hadn't had that since the Matt Ryan days. You can see Cousins' impact in the production of guys like Darnell Mooney and Drake London. They are pacing to have career highs in just about every statistical category.
Where Cousins goes, this offense goes, and even though the last two weeks have not been productive for this offense, I think I find myself being thankful for Cousins' presence more times than not so far in 2024.
McFADDEN: There are so many great choices to list here, and it's hard to argue with the new quarterback or head coach at the top. For the sake of argument, though, I'll go with offensive coordinator Zac Robinson.
Sure, this current moment — after the Falcons scored just 23 combined points in their two games before the bye — may be the wrong time to shout out the man organizing the offensive attack, but I think Robinson has done fine work in his first year calling plays. The biggest issues plaguing Atlanta's offense have been based in execution, not the approach. Cleaning up the penalties and setbacks, especially in the red zone, should get the Falcons back on track.
Furthermore, I don't think we've seen anything close to the final form of this offense. Injecting more play-action passing after the bye week into the approach should benefit Cousins and stress defenses down the stretch. That Cousins is fourth among all quarterbacks with just over 255 passing yards per game while not using much play action is a testament to the effectiveness of the players and the scheme.
I can't wait to see how Atlanta's offense grows and changes as Robinson continues to get reps under his belt. He's already got the Falcons in the top 10 in multiple statistical categories, and multiple players are thriving in his system. I'm very thankful for that.
WAACK: Raheem Morris.
Safe to say, the Falcons would not be who they are or where they are without the new head coach. His addition had to be the first domino to fall when it came to the 2024 edition of the team. This seems like too easy of an answer.
The initial excitement surrounding Morris was as clear as a sunny day in Flowery Branch. The intrigue was there. The support was there. The potential was there.
Internally, all of those things remain in Week 12, despite the back-to-back losses before the bye. The time off may have allowed Atlanta to right its course before too late, and that's the hope. Because reality is, with six games left in the regular season, the Falcons are still in the best spot when it comes to the playoff picture within the NFC South. They're 6-5 with a one-game lead, along with the tiebreaker, over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Sunday's outcome against the Chargers will speak volumes, though. Not only about the Falcons' ability to bounce back. But more so about Morris' ability to rally the troops. This is the perfect time to solidify the fact he was the right guy for Atlanta, that the Falcons should be thankful for him. Because although the Falcons still believe in the Falcons — understandably so — results matter at the end of the day, or really season.
SUBHAN: On this day of giving thanks, I'm most grateful for new addition Darnell Mooney. When the Falcons signed Mooney in March, I knew he could contribute to an offense with Kirk Cousins under center. I didn't, however, foresee a career year from the fifth-year receiver. Mooney leads the Falcons with 711 receiving yards (Drake London is just a yard shy with 710). The wide receiver's previous career high was 1,055 yards and four touchdowns. Mooney already has five touchdowns on the season and is well on his way to passing his receiving yards, which is his personal best.
I'm also thankful for Mooney because he often has a level-headed demeanor that has been a good reminder for me to stay grounded through the highs and lows of the season. Cousins best said it when describing the receiver: "(Mooney) said, 'What's the date today?' I said, 'I don't know. It's October 23.' He said, 'Wednesday, October 23, 2024. We're never going to get this day again.'"
That was a good reminder to stay present and in the moment for me. I've talked to Mooney further about his life outlook in the locker room, and those conversations have been enlightening. I truly understand what Raheem Morris means when he noted that Mooney is the cerebral leader in the room while London is the emotional leader.
So, enjoy your Thanksgiving the Mooney way — like you'll never get this day again.
Stay up to date on everything you need to know about the Falcons in free agency. 
Tori McElhaney answers your questions. 
The Falcons drafted four defensive players who could break into the 2025 starting lineup.
The Falcons picked up the 2022 first-round draft pick's fifth-year option. 
The Falcons' assistant general manager is also confident the team gained four defensive starters through the draft.
Falcons organization fined $250,000, defensive coordinator Jeff Ulbrich fined $100,000. 
The 2022 first-round draft pick's near future in Atlanta has been decided.
Fourteen rookie quarterbacks were drafted. How does the market look now?
The Falcons have often gone against conventional wisdom when making their first round decisions. This draft was no different, but the need for immediate impact will stress the strategy. 
A closer look at the five players the Atlanta Falcons selected in the 2025 NFL Draft.
The Falcons selected five players in the 2025 NFL Draft, but they aren't finished adding to their rookie class.

    © Atlanta Falcons Football Club - 2025