It's been an eventful week for the Minnesota Vikings and things got even more crazy on Friday after they were able to complete a trade that resulted in them landing an additional first-round pick in this year's NFL Draft from the Houston Texans.With the Vikings now having the 11th and 23rd overall draft selections in this year's opening round, they have enough capital to move up even further in the first round to potentially pick their next franchise quarterback.Former USC signal-caller Caleb Williams is still expected to be selected by the Chicago Bears with the first overall pick in April's draft, but Minnesota could potentially still trade up in the first round to land one of the other elite quarterback prospects like Jayden Daniels, Drake Maye, or J.J. McCarthy.So, let's have a little fun and, with the help of the PFF mock draft simulator, attempt to figure out a few trades that could result in the Vikings moving up even further in the first round of this year's NFL Draft.
Vikings Get: 3rd overall pick in 2024Patriots Get: 11th and 23rd overall picks in 2024, plus a third-round pick and a fifth-round pick in 2025In order to move all the way up to pick No. 3 and convince the New England Patriots to pass up drafting one of the top quarterbacks, Minnesota is likely going to have to give up a significant amount of draft assets.Ideally, the Vikings would probably like to figure out a way to complete a trade with the Patriots in which they wouldn't have to give up their 2024 first-round selection. In the deal above, Minnesota ends up being able to keep next year's first-round pick by sending both of their 2024 opening-round selections and a pair of mid-round 2025 picks to New England.If the Vikings end up completing a trade like this, they will be guaranteed to land one of the top quarterbacks in this year's draft. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.