Patricia "Pat" Lyne Townsend, a caring and devoted mother, grandmother, sister, and friend, at the age of 68, experienced one final address change as she peacefully entered into her heavenly home on Friday, July 19, 2024. Holding her hands as she departed this side was her daughter, son-in law, and grandson. 
Pat, as she was affectionately known, was born on Monday, Nov. 14, 1955, in Chattanooga, Tn., to the late Johnny and Idell Lee Townsend.
At an early age, she accepted Jesus Christ, as her personal Savior and united with the Orchard Knob Missionary Baptist Church, under the pastorate of Reverend W. Benson Stephens, where she remained an active and faithful member until her passing. She had a passion for cooking and feeding others – family and friends. That was one of the ways she demonstrated her Christ-like qualities. Pat always had encouraging words and a positive attitude. She admired and was admired by her church family and others who knew her. She often extended a helping hand to anyone in need. Her favorite words when someone tried to lessen her workload, “I GOT IT DON’T WORRY.” She never turned anyone away who asked for food or wanted her to prepare food. Regardless of how loaded her calendar was, she went above and beyond to accommodate those who sought her help. Pat was the leader of the Culinary Ministry - where she served graciously and with a smile. She was an inactive member of the Beautifying Ministry due to her schedule. She worked on the Hamilton County Election Commission as a poll operator for more than 15 years.    
Pat graduated from Riverside High School in 1973 and afterwards attended Chattanooga State Technical Community College for two years.
Her faith-fueled resilience and her dedication to family, especially her daughter, was quite evident. She enjoyed spending mother-daughter time with Sheri. Often if you saw one you saw both. Oh yes, her new great-grandson held a special place in her heart. Pat’s inviting demeanor, compassionate manner, and welcoming spirit touched the lives of many who knew her. 
She was predeceased by her parents, Johnny and Idell Townsend; longtime partner, Benjamin Suggs; sister, Annie Carter; grandsons, Demetrius Suggs and Alan Suggs. 
Pat leaves to cherish precious memories daughters, Sheri (Chad) Suggs Chubb, Avery Suggs, Alice Suggs and Tori Suggs; Sons, Jarvis (Orvester) Suggs, and Micheal (Lisa) Suggs all of Chattanooga; sisters; Marie Drake of Huntsville, Al.; Thelma Davis of Pennsylvania; grandchildren, Qua’Darius Johnson, Dontre’ Lovelace and 30 bonus grandchildren; great-grandchildren, Qua’Darius Johnson Jr., Qua’Mari Johnson and 57 bonus great-grandchildren;  cousin, more like a mother Henrietta Griffin; a host of nieces, nephews, cousins, and friends; special friends; Terri Glover, JoAnn Williams, Vera Delaney and JoAnn  Byrom.
Public viewing will be held from 2-6 p.m. on Friday, July 26, at John P. Franklin Funeral Home, 1101 Dodds Ave., Chattanooga, 423 622-9995. 
The Homegoing Service will be held at 11 a.m. on Saturday, July 27, at Orchard Knob Missionary Baptist Church, 1734 East Third Street. 
Interment following the service will be at Highland Memorial Gardens Cemetery. 
Ted Edward Fugunt, 55, of Chattanooga passed away unexpectedly on Wednesday, April 30., 2025. 
 
 Born July 9, 1969, to Theodore and Bonnie Fugunt, Ted was a 1988 graduate of Tyner High School. ...  more
Andy Barry Jones, 69, of Chattanooga, Tennessee, passed away on April 23, 2025. 
 A true Chattanooga original, Andy had the kind of energy and charisma that made everyone feel like a friend. ...  more
J.E. "J Bird" "Shake" Wilson, age 86, of Decatur, passed away on Wednesday, April 30, 2025. 
 
J.E. was a member of Union Grove Baptist Church. He graduated from Meigs County High School in ...  more