The 2024 NFL draft is just two weeks away but the Atlanta Falcons have been busy since the final week of the 2023 season. There's a new head coach, new coordinators and a new starting quarterback in town. Like with every coaching change, you can expect a good amount of roster turnover but there's only so much you can do in a single offseason.
In our latest Falcons pre-draft preview, we break down the quarterbacks on the roster, possible draft targets, and remaining options in free agency.
Kirk Cousins: After firing head coach Arthur Smith, it was clear the Falcons needed to address the quarterback position. Kirk Cousins left Minnesota after six seasons with the Vikings and signed a four-year, $180 million contract in Atlanta. Cousins can bring consistency to the position and help the team utilize playmakers like Drake London and Kyle Pitts.
Taylor Heinicke: Taylor Heinicke, who spent most of last season as the backup with sporadic starting opportunities, took a pay cut to remain with the team in 2024. He's still a quality backup and likely won't get as many chances this season if Cousins can stay healthy.
Desmond Ridder (Cardinals): The Falcons traded Ridder to Arizona where he can try and jumpstart his flailing NFL career. The young quarterback was unable to cement himself as the starter last season and often struggled with turnovers. Ridder's confidence was clearly shaken after getting benched by former head coach Arthur Smith. The former third-round pick will have a chance to learn behind Cardinals QB Kyler Murray in 2024.
Logan Woodside (Free Agent): Woodside was not re-signed after serving as the emergency third QB for much of the 2024 season. Woodside had ties to Smith from their time together in Tennessee so it was always unlikely that he would return to Atlanta this season.
It's hard not to look at what Penix has done at college and think he could do something similar in the NFL. Penix's age and injury history will scare some teams away. The Falcons recently met with Penix, but one of the mid-round options might be more realistic. Other prospects to watch include Florida State QB Jordan Travis, who suffered a season-ending leg injury that prevented FSU from making it into the playoffs despite ending the regular season undefeated. Tennessee's Joe Milton is an interesting prospect as well.
Since Atlanta has already made Kirk Cousins their highest-paid free agent quarterback this season, it's highly unlikely the team would sign another one. If the team adds another quarterback, expect it to come through the draft.
Kirk Cousins takes the Falcons' top spot with a cap hit of $25 million this season. Heinicke is slotted in the middle of the pack with his $4.53 million in cap space, and that's after taking a pay cut.
Falcons GM, head coach to speak at scouting combine on Tuesday
Ex-Falcons defensive coordinator takes job with Buffalo Bills
One free agent each NFL team should want to sign in 2025
Falcons fans react to Pro Bowl safety Keanu Neal's retirement
Former Falcons first-round draft pick announces retirement from NFL