Forgot your password?


Jagger


Jagger

       • October 4, 2024


	I'm exhausted from a whirlwind week of nonstop sports so let's get right into it. First, my Mets won on Sunday to set themselves up for a playoff push. Then my Raiders even pulled a win, followed by my New York Liberty furthering their push for that first WNBA title. Even my guy Bo Bassett got his Who’s Number One revenge. Then my Mets win in dramatic fashion in Atlanta to secure their spot and head back to Milwaukee followed by another Liberty win to put the Aces on the verge of elimination. Even my fantasy team ran it to 4-0 after I took a year off from that just to come back and take McCaffrey with the first pick. Just so much winning that I’m not used to having and quite frankly, I don’t know how to handle it! And I don’t care! Alright, to the questions! 


What will take the place of the famous “Polar Burger” when Pete Alonso is working at McDonald’s next year? Aaron Bartlett 


	This didn't age well at all but I’m glad you brought it up. I’ve said it all year and Lady Jags can confirm it. When you absolutely, positively, need Pete Alonso the most, he’s always there for you. There’s times when you think you need him the most and he’s not there, but that’s because it wasn’t actually when you needed him the most. But facing elimination in the ninth as the go-ahead run against one of the best closers in the world is one of those times and he showed up like he always does. What a moment. What a series. We’re on to Philadelphia. 


What are the most stacked weight classes this coming season? Push Wrestling 


	I don’t know if it’s the most stacked but I love 133 right now. Crookham and Bailey both announced their presence with authority last season. Lucas Byrd returns from a year off. Evan Frost returns with a podium placement under his belt while being sandwiched in the rankings by the Dylans of Ragusin and Shawver who were both Big Ten finalists last season. An NCAA finalist even makes an appearance as Drake Ayala moves up from 125. Kai Orine is dangerous out there and one of the more fun guys to watch. Even Braeden Davis takes his Big Ten title at 125 and jumps into the mix. Somewhere out there is Nic Bouzakis as he looks to put it all together. A weight that has been top-heavy with Daton Fix, Arujau, and RBY the last few years is suddenly loaded with talent and could be the most unpredictable class this season. 


Keeping with the recent loss of a GOAT, what was your first baseball card? Mine was Rose, and I can still smell that gum. Eric “Fergie Jenkins” Asselin


	Not sure I remember my first but it’s likely from the ‘85 Topps collection as those were the first cards I physically remember. You guys in the Great White North probably had the O-Pee-Chee brand of the set. And yeah, I chewed a lot of that toxic gum along with ingesting every other toxic thing from the 80’s, like water out of a hose. It’s a miracle we’re all still alive. 


Is there a PA vs NJ rivalry? Do you want to make one? Burger King of Kings 


	Not really, but perhaps we need one. In wrestling it’s a little tough because they are the best state and about five times our size. So trying to take them on is a bit silly, but fun when we get a win over them. I live in the northeast corner so our rivalry is usually with stuffy New York people who think they’re better than us for no reason at all. As they continue to cross the bridge to shop at our malls and clog up our highways with their moronic driving. F New York. F Pennsylvania. F Mobb Deep. And most importantly, F Bad Boy as a staff, record label, and crew. 


Who is the Shohei Ohtani of college wrestling? Who is your favorite Mets player of all time not named Daniel Vogelbach? Why are the Mets going to choke tonight? Joe Caprino 


	You got something to say? Didn’t think so. I don’t have an overall player, but as a kid it was Strawberry, then it was Piazza followed by Wright and deGrom. Historically, it’s now Keith Hernandez as he was the captain of the last team to win a ring for us. Ask me again at the end of the month and the answer might change. There is nobody in any sport that compares to Ohtani. He's the greatest player of any particular sport that I’ve ever seen. And that includes Daniel Vogelbach.


Posted October 4, 2024


	This is a WRESTLING page.  Go to ESPN for all the baseball BS.  Stop trying to be clever (it’s tasteless), and respond to queries from readers, some of whom who actually expect you care.  Maybe you can surprise us all, and actually answer questions.  We shouldn’t have to put up with your frippery (look it up), instead of factual information.

You need to be a member in order to leave a comment
Sign up for a new account in our community. It's easy!
Already have an account? Sign in here.

Show all categories  


Copyright © 2024 InterMat
Powered by Invision Community