By
Eminem, Dr. Dre, and Snoop Dogg recently united for a special performance in London, thrilling an audience that included LeBron James. The event celebrated the UK launch of Snoop and Dre’s Gin & Juice beverage, culminating in a brief concert. It was the perfect ending to a great first week of Eminem’s new album, The Death of Slim Shady.
A post shared by Paul Rosenberg (@rosenberg)
Introduced by Shaquille O’Neal, the rap icons performed classics such as “The Next Episode,” “Drop It Like It’s Hot,” and “Nuthin’ But a G Thang.” The highlight of the evening was Eminem’s surprise appearance – his second in London that same day – where he performed his recent single “Houdini” and the iconic 2001 collaboration with Dre, “Forgot About Dre.”
This marked the first time in over two years that the trio had performed together since their star-studded Super Bowl Halftime Show in 2022. That performance also featured Kendrick Lamar, 50 Cent, Mary J. Blige, and Anderson .Paak. 
Among the notable figures in the crowd were actor Idris Elba, soccer star Jude Bellingham, The Queen’s Gambit star Anya Taylor-Joy, Liverpool captain Virgil van Dijk, and Little Mix singer Leigh-Anne Pinnock.
A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg)
Eminem was already in London promoting his new album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce), at a pop-up event. The album, somewhat controversial, is projected to make a significant impact on the Billboard charts. According to HITS Daily Double, the album is expected to earn between 270,000 and 290,000 album-equivalent units in its first week.
These sales figures would secure Eminem a No. 1 debut on the Billboard 200, ending Taylor Swift’s 12-week reign with The Tortured Poets Department. This achievement would mark Eminem’s 11th No. 1 album, putting him on par with Kanye West, Bruce Springsteen, and Barbra Streisand. Only Drake (13), Taylor Swift (14), JAY-Z (also 14), and The Beatles (19) have had more albums reach the top of the chart.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97