This was actually pretty cool and makes us wanna copp a lip balm or two from Rihanna's brand...
Source: MEGA / Getty
Sometimes there’s nothing better than when a man and his woman work together on a professional project of some sort and it seems like A$AP Rocky and Rihanna have gone that route as they’ve just released a short film for Riri’s Fenty Lux Balm line.
Dubbed Born to Steal: Yours, Mine, Ours, the black-and-white clip features the two lovebirds in a swanky atmosphere in which Rihanna goes through A$AP’s wardrobe looking for some spiffy duds to “steal.” Stepping out the house in A$AP’s stolen blazer to flashing lights we assume are from the paparazzi, Rocky looks on from the second floor window as he throws on some lip balm that’s surely from his “Blazer Bandit” baby mama’s Fenty Lux line.
We can’t even front, this was cute, heartwarming and seductive all at the same time. Props to these two for collaborating on this little intimate promotional clip. While we love it y’all know Drake somewhere salty as hell about it. Maybe Rihanna should send Drizzy some of her lip balm cause y’all know too much salt will make your lips dry as hell. Just sayin.’
Check out the Born to Steal: Yours, Mine, Ours ad and let us know your thoughts on the clip in the comments section below.

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.