Filed under:
Here’s our latest 2025 NBA mock draft.
The 2025 NBA Draft lottery is going to be one of the marquee events of the season. For all the talent in this draft class, there will be no drama over who gets selected with the No. 1 overall pick.
Cooper Flagg is living up to every ounce of hype at the start of his freshman season at Duke. He feels like one of the strongest top picks of the last decade, combining incredible defensive acumen with elite athleticism and a developing offensive skill set. Flagg is the big prize in this draft, but there are plenty of other gifted prospects after him. 
This is our first 2025 NBA mock draft since the day after the 2024 draft. There’s already been a lot of movement on the board after the first few weeks of the college season. Team need wasn’t taken into consideration quite as much as overall talent at this stage. Here’s our latest 2025 NBA mock draft.  

    Related
  
Flagg is a rarity among super prospects in many ways, including that his on-ball scoring is perhaps the weakest part of the package. Instead, Flagg is at his best away from the ball, emerging as the rare non 7-footer to dominate a game defensively and fill in all the cracks offensively. It’s possible and maybe even likely that Flagg eventually develops into the sort of jumbo primary creator every team wants. For now, he can still leave his finger prints all over a game with his brilliant defensive playmaking, rim finishing, passing, and floor spacing. Flagg has ideal size and athleticism for an NBA four, and his game is already impossibly well-rounded for a 17-year-old. The team that wins the lottery is landing a franchise player for the next decade.
Harper is a jumbo guard who combines scoring punch and defensive upside at the point of attack. At 6’6, 215 pounds, Harper lacks the nuclear burst that typically defines top-rated guard prospects, but he makes up for it with a well-rounded skill set and unrelenting approach to getting buckets. Harper is a developing shooter both off the dribble and on spot-ups who can create space with step-backs and side-steps. He’s crafty as a driver, and can usually leverage his big frame to help create scoring chances for himself and his teammates. His vision as a playmaker is more solid than spectacular, but he should score enough to make up for it. Harper can also really hound smaller guards on the perimeter defensively, where he uses his length to pressure the ball and force turnovers. He’s already extremely polished for an 18-year-old, and still has plenty of upside tied to his shooting development.
Demin is playing in an NBA system for former Phoenix Suns assistant coach Kevin Young at BYU, and he’s looked like a tantalizing pro prospect against a soft schedule so far. The 6’9 Russian guard is a gifted playmaker with the size to see over any defender and tremendous court vision. Running pick-and-roll will be Demin’s bread-and-butter, and while he isn’t a quick twitch athlete, he’s still able to succeed because he’s always under control. Demin’s three-point shot looks good off the catch so far, but will continue to be something to monitor. It will be interesting to see how his ball handling and finishing hold up against better competition, but for now he looks like one of the most promising prospects in this class.
It’s going to be easy to nitpick Bailey because of his shot selection, but the team that drafts him is doing so for his potential, not his polish. The Rutgers freshman is just barely scratching the surface of his long-term upside, but he possesses an abundance of tools that could be special even at the highest levels of the game. At 6’10, Bailey is an explosive athlete who can hammer finishes at the rim, attack the offensive glass, and thrive in transition. He prefers to play out on the perimeter, where he’s showcased some remarkable tough shot-making ability and NBA range on his three-ball. Bailey’s process is often an adventure: he’s a poor passer who doesn’t see the floor particularly well. He’ll need to tighten the handle and add strength to his frame. Bailey should be thought as a play finisher, not a play creator, but as a young freshman he’s only going to keep getting better. 
Maluach’s combination of size and mobility was so impressive South Sudan took him for its roster at the Paris Olympics. At 7’2 with a 7’5 wingspan and a reported 9’8 standing reach, Duke’s freshman center is an absolute giant who runs the floor well, plays with a high motor, and has tons of untapped long-term upside. Maluach can be a menace in drop coverage, and is already blocking tons of shots for the Blue Devils. He’s also a force on the glass, particularly on the offensive end where his length and motor lead to extra possessions. He’s still figuring out his craft as a roller, but he’s showcased solid touch inside thus far. Maluach was taking three-pointers back in Africa, and it will be fascinating to see if that becomes part of his game in college. The 18-year-old is raw in both his feel and his skill set, but he has some fantastic tools to build on going forward.
To this point, Johnson has a case as the best shooter and shot-maker in the class. The 6’6 wing can be a devastating off-ball scorer with a quick release and deep range on his three-point shot. Johnson will also have some fantastic flashes of tough shot-making inside the arc, but he often seems a little too willing to settle for those looks. He isn’t known for his defense, and has at least competed and looked competent on that end so far. Johnson may not have the most well-rounded game in this class, but his explosive scoring outbursts and lethal three-point shot will still make him highly appealing in the lottery.
McNeeley was Flagg’s high school teammate at Montverde, and quickly drew his own NBA hype for his positional size, shooting, and strong feel for the game. His commitment to UConn felt like a perfect match of player and program, and so far it’s been exactly that against a soft schedule to start the year. At 6’7, McNeeley is an off-ball scorer who will make his living shooting threes, cutting, and moving the ball to open teammates. He lacks ideal length and athleticism for an NBA forward, but he appears to have the skills and smarts to make up for it. McNeeley is already shooting the ball well from three as part of UConn’s whirling offense, but it will be interesting to see how he stacks up against more athletic competition in conference play.
Jakucionis’ combination of positional size, elite passing vision, rim pressure, and shooting upside gives him a chance to force his way into top-10 discussions. The 6’6 Lithuanian point guard has a case as the most creative passer in this class. He has a special ability to manipulate the opposing defense and zip outlets, corner skips, lobs, and pocket passes to his teammates for baskets. He’s aggressive getting downhill, and while he’s not an above the rim finisher, he’s already shown impressive craft in getting to the foul line. Jakucionis appears to have a lot of confidence in his jumper, with plenty of pull-up shooting flashes showing up on the tape from his time with Barcelona. The consistency with his three-point shot and overall scoring punch will be under the microscope, but there are a lot of traits here worth betting on.
Edgecombe emerged as a potential top-5 pick coming out of high school in Long Island for his rim pressure and explosive athleticism. His nuclear leaping ability has been all over the tape to start his freshman season at Baylor, but the rest of his skill set is still catching up. The 6’4 guard has a great physical template to add skills on top of, but so far his ball handling and shooting appear to need serious refinement. The idea of Edgecombe as a smaller wing who can’t shoot is a lot less appealing than the guard with wicked burst who can explode to the rim like Anthony Edwards. Edgecombe will have his moments of brilliance playing for a good Baylor team this year, but his stock will ultimately hinge on how his perimeter game develops.
Knueppel led the EYBL in scoring before arriving at Duke, where he’s continued to impress scouts with his polished offensive package. The 6’7 freshman has a deep bag of scoring tricks at his disposal, with a knockdown three-point shot, tight ball handling ability, and crafty finishing with either hand. Knueppel uses his strength to make up for his lack of elite burst, but he’ll face a length and athleticism deficit against top talent. For now, his history of putting the ball in the basket looks enticing enough for lottery consideration.
Newell was another member of Flagg’s high school team at Montverde whose awesome combination of length and athleticism gives him obvious NBA appeal. The bouncy 6’11 big man has been attacking the offensive glass and blocking shots at the start of his freshman season at Georgia. He had a tendency to float at times offensively, and needs to prioritize playing with force around the rim as he gets stronger. His tools are hard to come back by though, and that gives him a long leash for development.
Traore’s incredible play at the Adidas Next Generation Tournament (essentially Euroleague U18s) and impressive stint at Nike Hoops Summit fueled his top-five hype over the summer, but the early returns of this season have been more mixed. The 6’4 point guard is ridiculously fast with the ball in his hands, especially in the open floor. He has good vision as a passer and has consistently posted an assist rate north of 40 percent. He’s not an above-the-rim athlete, and that hurts his finishing, which often looks shaky. The jump shot is really the swing skill: Traore looks fantastic when he’s hitting pull-up jumpers inside the arc and knocking down threes off the catch, but his percentages have been poor to start the year. It’s tough to be an 18-year-old in the top French pro league, and Traore has mostly acquitted himself nicely there so far. He’s likely to be a lottery pick, but the shot will determine how high he goes. 
John Calipari left Kentucky, but his history of producing top guard prospects for the NBA continues at Arkansas. Johnuel “Boogie” Fland is a 6’2 guard who combines dangerous outside shooting, solid passing vision, and the ability to pressure the ball defensively. Fland is a shifty guard with the ball in his hands who keeps defenses on his toes with his blend of pull-up shooting and distributing. While he’s not the biggest guard, Fland is also a disruptive defender at the point of attack who uses who quick hands to force steals and deflections. He’s going to get plenty of tests in the SEC as the season goes on, but for now he’s looking like a lottery pick. 
There’s so much more to Queen’s game than meets the eye at first blush. The 6’10, 245-pound big man is a bruising interior scorer, but he’s also one of the most skilled front court players in this class. The Maryland freshman has an elite combination of ball handling and passing for a player his size, leveraging the threat of his scoring to whip passes to open teammates all over the floor. Queen is not yet a three-point shooter, and his lack of size and explosion for an NBA center will have evaluators poking holes in his pro translation. Still, Queen’s mix of skills are so unique that he has some serious offensive upside if he can improve his body and his shot. He looks like one of the biggest college risers to open this season.
Jackson is a 6’4 guard who can score in bunches and compete defensively. The freshman is still trying to carve out a bigger role in a deep, veteran North Carolina backcourt, but his ability to play on- or off-the-ball gives him valuable versatility. Jackson was impressive enough at the end of his high school career (he was one of the best players on the floor at the McDonald’s All-American game scrimmages) that I’m fine projecting him this high even if he hasn’t played a ton yet.
Philon wasn’t a five-star recruit or McDonald’s All-American coming out Missouri prep powerhouse Link Academy, but he’s already put himself on the map as a one-and-done first rounder at start his college career at Alabama. At 6’4, Philon is a smart and tough combo guard with quick hands, a strong chest, and fantastic awareness at both ends of the floor. He’s already put together great games against top competition (Purdue and Illinois) to start his freshman year, flashing heady passing skills and impressive physicality against older players. He’s not a great shooter yet, but he plays with a winning mentality that teams will win teams over.
Murray-Boyles doesn’t have a trendy modern skill set, but is now on his second season of packing box scores for South Carolina. The 6’8 big man doesn’t really shoot threes and isn’t a classic rim protector, but he contributes in so many other areas of the game that he can still leave a big impact. Murray-Boyles is a powerful finisher inside with great footwork and some craft as a driver. He’s excellent as a rebounder, and always seems to know where to be defensively. There will be players with more projectable roles in this class, but few are as productive as Murray-Boyles, and that gives him a shot at the lottery.
Penda has been one of the biggest early risers from the International class as a thick forward already packing box scores in France’s top pro league. The long 6’8 wing shows all the traits of a quality role player: he’s a good passer and ball handler for his size, he’s shown significant progress as a shooter, and he has a knack for generating steals and blocks. Penda is not an elite athlete and he’s a tad older than some of his 2025 draft peers by turning 20 years old in January, but his game checks a lot of boxes.
Essengue is a 17-year-old French forward who is already productive in the German league playing for Ulm. The mobile 6’9 forward impresses with his defensive ground coverage, ability to clean the glass on both ends, and his efficient finishing inside. He scored 20 points in a preseason game against the Portland Trail Blazers this season where he looked more comfortable shooting from three than he had showed to this point. His lack of elite length will be a knock, but if the shot keeps coming around, his strong feel for the game could earn him looks near the end of the lottery.  
Riley is a walking bucket. The skinny 6’8 freshman showed ridiculous shot-making prowess on the Nike EYBL circuit, and that’s carried over to the start of his freshman season at Illinois. Riley has awesome shooting versatility, with the ability to hit shots from awkward angles with deep range. The defense will be a question mark, but Riley can continue to rise up the board if he shows progress as a passer.
The son of former Michigan State legend Jason Richardson is a quick 6’3 guard with an impressive feel for the game and rugged defensive ability. Richardson processes the floor quickly as a passer and driver, and is athletic enough to get to the basket and finish. He’s carried a low usage rate to the start the season, but he rarely makes mistakes, shows impressive body control as a scorer around the basket, and is improving his three-point shot. Richardson isn’t widely projected as a one-and-done yet, but he looks like a future NBA player right now regardless of how long he chooses to stay in school. 
Powell feels like a special defensive prospect. A 6’7 wing with long arms and tremendous run-and-jump athleticism, Powell can get skinny around screens, explode off the floor to add secondary rim protection, and fly in transition. His offense is unrefined against a set defense, but a player like Peyton Watson is showing that elite physical tools gives you plenty of time to figure out your scoring.
Saraf is a 6’5 point guard from Israel who is off to a productive start in the German league.  He is a gifted ball handler and passer who can effortlessly change gears off the dribble to open up passing windows. He’s showing development as a pull-up shooter, but teams will wonder if he can finish against NBA length.
Gonzalez has had the NBA’s attention for a while as a standout on Spain’s youth teams. He’s an athletic 6’6 wing who competes defensively and makes energy plays. Unfortunately, he hasn’t been able to carve out minutes on Real Madrid this season, and he’s struggled to handle and shoot when he has gotten an opportunity. Still only 18 years old, it will be fascinating to see if Gonzalez can maintain his status as a likely first-round pick if he can’t get on the floor.
Zikarsky is a 7’3 Australian giant who plays a physical game around the rim at both ends. The 18-year-old has struggled to carve out consistent minutes for Brisbane in the NBL this year, but his flashes of shot blocking and rim rolling with elite size for an NBA center makes him an intriguing long-term prospect.
Jones has taken over as Marquette’s leading man this season with Tyler Kolek and Oso Ighodaro off to the NBA, and he’s emerging as an early National Player of the Year candidate. The 6’5 guard has always been a knockdown shooter, but now he’s flushing out his facilitating to become one of the better playmakers in the country. He feels poised for a super productive senior season that could make him a first-round pick.
Clifford caught the NBA’s attention last year during a breakout season for Colorado State, and he’s showing signs of taking his game to new heights as a super senior. The 6’6 wing has always made his living on the defensive end, but he’s made real strides as a three-point shooter, rim finisher, and rebounder. It’s hard for a fifth-year college player to go in the first-round, but Clifford has a lot of the attributes teams look for out of a role player.
Freeman was part of Team Takeover’s 2023 EYBL championship team, and had a successful senior season at Florida prep powerhouse IMG Academy to earn him McDonald’s All-American status. He’s oozing with talent as a 6’10 forward with an easy shooting stroke and solid mobility, but he’s long left evaluators thinking he should be more productive. Freeman’s play hasn’t really warranted this type of draft status to start his college career at Syracuse, but his size and skill set are so in demand in the NBA that it wouldn’t be a surprise to see him continue to rise.
Bidunga is a super athletic freshman center for Kansas who will make an impact blocking shots and finishing dunks at the rim. He hasn’t been getting many minutes yet on a veteran Jayhawks team ranked No. 1 in the polls, but his ridiculous leaping ability will keep teams interested even if he’s a little small for an NBA center.
The Arizona freshman has a great frame for an NBA wing at 6’8, 225 pounds with a 7-foot wingspan. He shoots a confident ball from deep, and has shown enough flashes in terms of his finishing and defense that he’s in line to potentially be a one-and-done with a strong freshman season.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.