Friday, May 2 – These 9 New Horror Movies Released Today
‘Hot Ted’ – Killer Teen Comedy to Star Ariana Greenblatt, Ella Purnell, and Billy Magnussen
‘Omukade’ Trailer – Thai Monster Movie Unleashes an Insane Giant Centipede Nightmare! [Exclusive]
‘Bring Her Back’ Directors Preview “Harrowing, Traumatic, and Fun” Film in New Featurette
‘Rosario’ Exclusive Clip Finds Terror Under the Bed; Now Playing in Theaters
Netflix Renews Apocalyptic Sci-Fi Series ‘The Eternaut’ for Season 2
‘Revival’ Trailer Brings the Dead Back to Life in SYFY Comic Book Adaptation Series
Check Into Shudder’s ‘Hell Motel’ from the Creators of ‘Slasher’ [Trailer]
Matthew Lillard in Talks to Join Mike Flanagan’s ‘Carrie’ TV Series
True Crime Book ‘American Predator’ TV Series in the Works from ‘Queen of the South’ Showrunner
‘Rosario’ Review – Family Curse Horror Story Gets Caught in Familiar Possession Trappings
‘The Horror at Highrook’ Nails the Cosmic Horror, But Lacks Complexity [Review]
Blendo Games’ Immersive Sim ‘Skin Deep’ Is Hilarious and Exhilarating [Review]
‘Until Dawn’ Review – Kitchen Sink Creature Feature Fails Its Source Material
‘The Legend of Ochi’ Review – They Don’t Make Fantasy Adventures Like This Anymore
Let’s Cast a ‘White Lotus’ Season With Stephen King Characters! [The Losers’ Club Podcast]
Salem Horror Fest 2025 Opening Night Raises Hell with Ashley Laurence [Event Report]
6 Recent Free-to-Play Horror Games That’ll Give You Nightmares!
Sequel ‘Amityville VR’ Expands Upon the World of ‘Amityville AI’ [The Amityville IP]
Recovered Memories: Karloff Film ‘The Walking Dead’ Is an Overlooked 1930s Horror Offering
‘Return to Skull Island’ Trailer – Kong Strikes in MonsterVerse Comic Miniseries
War-Horror Card Game ‘Deckline’ Coming to Steam on May 7 [Trailer]
‘Bring Her Back’ Directors Preview “Harrowing, Traumatic, and Fun” Film in New Featurette
Get Your Dinosaur Survival Horror Fix in Latest ‘Code Violet’ Gameplay Video [Watch]
Descend Through Hell in Style With Upcoming Metroidvania ‘Fevericide’ [Trailer]
War-Horror Card Game ‘Deckline’ Coming to Steam on May 7 [Trailer]
‘Evil Dead: The Game’ Has Been Quietly Delisted From Digital Storefronts
IndieGogo Campaign Launched for Andrew Saullo’s ‘RESURRECTION: A Biohazard Story’ Web Series [Video]
Get Your Dinosaur Survival Horror Fix in Latest ‘Code Violet’ Gameplay Video [Watch]
6 Recent Free-to-Play Horror Games That’ll Give You Nightmares!
Published
on
By
Cinelounge Sunset is partnering with Rustic Films to present an outstanding weekend of movies on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood this weekend, August 17 & August 18.
The lineup includes Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead movies Resolution and The Endless, as well as Jim Cummings’ Thunder Road, a shorts block, and more.
Here’s the full lineup…
‘Resolution’
Resolution. Horror/Mystery. Directed by Justin Benson and Aaron Scott Moorhead. Written by Benson. Produced by Benson, Moorhead, and David Clarke Lawson Jr.
From Rustic Films. (Color, 2012, USA, 93 minutes, not rated.) Starring Peter Cilelloa, Vinny Curran, Emily Montague, Kurt David Anderson, Skyler Meacham, Josh Higgins.
Soon-to-be-a-dad Michael makes a last-ditch effort to save his longtime but addicted friend Chris from a foreseeable drug related death. Visiting Chris and handcuffing him to an exposed plumbing pipe, Michael forces his buddy into detox, but while watching over his friend he also discovers that all is not right within the territory Chris has drifted into. Situated on Indian Reservation land, the area seems to attract a number of strange people. Someone or some thing has a longtime interest in recording activities in the area, all captured on a variety of recording devices (CDs, film, phonographs, etc.). Michael comes to understand he’s been pulled into the latest “story” of an unseen entity, one with a grizzly resolution projected for him and his pal unless they can possibly work out their own agreeable alternate ending.
Saturday, August 17 at 4 p.m. Cast and crew will appear in person.
Biosphere. Science fiction/Comedy. Directed by Mel Eslyn. Written by Eslyn and Mark Duplass.
Produced by Eslyn, Maddie Buis, Zachary Drucker, Shuli Harel. From Rustic Films. (Color, 2022, USA, 106 minutes, not rated) Starring Sterling K. Brown and Mark Duplass.
In the not-too-distant future, the last two men on earth must adapt and evolve to save humanity.
Saturday, August 17 at 6:30 p.m. Mel Eslyn and a special guest will appear in person.
Secret. Mystery. Written and directed by S.N. Swamy. Produced by Rajendra Prasad.
From Rustic Films. (Color, 2024, India, 119 minutes, not rated) Starring Aparma Das, Kalesh Ramanand, Dhyan Sreenivasan, Manikuttan, Jacob Gregory, Andra Mohan.
Secret promises to be a gripping tale that explores the science of omens (Nimitha Shasthram), psychological turmoil, and the strength of friendships.
Saturday, August 17 at 9 p.m. Cast and crew will appear in person.
‘The Endless’
The Endless. Fantasy/Horror. Directed by Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead. Written by Benson, Produced by Benson, Moorhead, David Lawson Jr., Lael Naim, Thomas R. Burke.
From Rustic Films. (Color, 2017, USA, 111 minutes, not rated. Starring Justin Benson, Aaron Moorhead, Callie Hernandez. Tate Ellington, Shane Brody, Lew Temple.
This mind-bending thriller follows two brothers who receive a cryptic video message inspiring them to revisit the UFO death cult they escaped a decade earlier. Hoping to find the closure that they couldn’t as young men, they’re forced to reconsider the cult’s beliefs when confronted with unexplainable phenomena surrounding the camp. As the members prepare for the coming of a mysterious event, the brothers race to unravel the seemingly impossible truth before their lives become permanently entangled with the cult.
Sunday, August 18 at 4 p.m. Cast and crew will appear in person.
Thunder Road. Comedy. Written and directed by Jim Cummings. Produced by Natalie Metzger, Zack Parker, Benjamin Wiessner.
From Vanishing Angle. (Color, 2018, USA, 92 minutes, not rated) Starring Jim Cummings, Kendall Farr, Nican Robinson, Jocelyn DeBoer, Macon Blair, Chelsea Edmundson. Jim Arnaud.
A police officer in a Texas town, always tries to do the right thing, but he has more often than not done the wrong thing resulting in having a less than perfect life. He often tries to plan his actions whenever he can, but his impetuous nature and hot-temperedness often makes him do something else he didn’t plan, while he also does not have the best gauge of what is socially acceptable or what is standard social convention. In that imperfect life, he didn’t have the best relationship with his dancer/dance teacher mother, as didn’t his two siblings. He and his wife Ros have been separated for a year now on her initiative, which has resulted in him only seeing their now nine year old daughter Crystal on the weekends. And many of his fellow officers only tolerate him, including the police chief, with his married partner, Nate Lewis, looking out for him as much as he can do so. Two events have the potential to unravel Jim’s life even further. First, his mother passes away. He still wants to do right by her even after death, and by association wants even more to do right for Crystal in having that parent-offspring relationship he didn’t have with his mother. And second, Ros not only files for divorce, but in planning on moving out of town with her current boyfriend Chris, petitions for full custody of Crystal.
Sunday, August 18 at 6:30 p.m. Jim Cummings will appear in person.
Also on Sunday, August 18: Aaron and Justin’s Shorts Block, and an Unannounced Side Project.
Grab your tickets to all events now.
Cinelounge® Sunset is located at 6464 Sunset Blvd., Hollywood, CA 90028. Capacity is limited, and tickets and refreshments must be purchased in advance.
Writer in the horror community since 2008. Editor in Chief of Bloody Disgusting. Owns Eli Roth's prop corpse from Piranha 3D. Has two awesome cats. Still plays with toys.
How That Shocking Death in the “Daredevil: Born Again” Season Finale Came Together [Spoilers]
‘Descendent’ – RLJE Picks Up ‘Fire in the Sky’ Style Alien Thriller from Producers Benson & Moorhead
‘Things Will Be Different’ Trailer and Poster Puts Family at Center of Sci-Fi Mystery Box Thriller
Published
on
By
In the wake of five new horror movies this past Tuesday, including the at-home debuts of Christopher Landon’s Drop and the Jenna Ortega-starring Death of a Unicorn, another NINE new movies were unleashed today. They include a period piece shark attack film, the return of David Howard Thornton, and a sun-soaked psychological freakout starring Nicolas Cage.
Here’s all the new horror that released on Friday, May 2, 2025.
For daily reminders about new horror releases, be sure to follow @HorrorCalendar.
Felipe Vargas (Milk Teeth) makes his feature directorial debut with the horror movie Rosario, which is now playing in limited theaters beginning today from Mucho Mas Releasing.
Alan Trezza (We Summon the Darkness, Burying the Ex) wrote the film, which explores the weight of generational secrets and the price we pay for the dreams we inherit.
Emeraude Toubia (“Shadowhunters”) and David Dastmalchian (Late Night with the Devil) star.
“Wall Street stockbroker Rosario returns to her grandmother’s apartment after her sudden death. While sorting through her Grandmother’s belongings, Rosario uncovers a horrifying secret—a hidden chamber filled with occult artifacts tied to dark generational rituals.
“As supernatural occurrences plague her, Rosario must confront her family’s buried secrets and face the truth about the sacrifices and choices they made.”
Paul Ben-Victor (“The Wire”), José Zúñiga (Constaine), Diana Lein (“Fear the Walking Dead”), Emilia Faucher (Snow White), and Guillermo García (“Mayans M.C.”) round out the horror movie’s cast. Shot on location in Bogotá, Colombia and New York City, Rosario is produced by Silk Mass’ Jon Silk and Mucho Mas’ Javier Chapa and Phillip Braun.
From director Matthew Holmes (The Legend Of Ben Hall, The Cost), Fear Below does something a little different with the tried-and-true shark attack horror movie, transporting us back in time to the deep, dark waters of 1940s Australia. It’s now available on VOD.
In the shark movie, “A team of professional divers in ’40s Australia are hired to locate a sunken car in a river whose efforts are thwarted by a deadly bull shark hunting in the waters.
“When the divers discover they are working for ruthless criminals trying to recover their stolen gold bullion, the bank robbers prove to be as treacherous as what lurks beneath the surface.”
Hermione Corfield (Sea Fever), Will Fletcher (The Rings Of Power), Jake Ryan (Wyrmwood: Apocalypse), Clayton Watson (Matrix Revolutions), Josh McConville (Elvis), Kevin Dee (Road To Boston), Sam Parsonson (Transfusion), Jacob Nayingul (Higher Ground), and Arthur Angel (The King’s Daughter) star.
Did we do good this time, Matthew? Any objections? Sound off below.
After an exclusive theatrical run earlier this month, Steven LaMorte’s Screamboat starring David Howard Thornton is now available at home from DeskPop Entertainment.
You can rent the film for $19.99 or purchase it for $24.99.
David Howard Thornton stars as Steamboat Willie in Screamboat, a twisted version of the black-and-white Mickey Mouse that was introduced in Disney’s animated short in 1928.
In the film, “Be our guest on a NYC ferry ride that turns into a hilarious nightmare when a mischievous mouse named Steamboat Willie becomes a monstrous reality. As passengers set sail, their trip turns deadly when the tiny terror unleashes murder and mayhem.”
From the producers of Terrifier 2 and Terrifier 3, Screamboat is written and directed by Steven LaMorte (The Mean One). Quantum Creation FX, Inc. (The Last Voyage of the Demeter) created the creature from designs by concept artist Christian Cordella (Spider-Man: No Way Home).
The cast includes Allison Pittel (Stream), Amy Schumacher (The Mean One), Jesse Posey (Selena), Jesse Kove (Cobra Kai), Kailey Hyman (Terrifier 2), Rumi C Jean-Louis (Hightown), Jarlath Conroy (George A. Romero’s Day of the Dead), and Charles Edwin Powell (The Exorcist III), with cameos from Tyler Posey (Teen Wolf), Brian Quinn (Impractical Jokers), and stand-up comedian Joe DeRosa (Better Call Saul).
Director Joshua Erkman’s feature debut A Desert blends nihilistic neo-noir and horror, and it’s now playing in select theaters only in Los Angeles from Dark Sky Films. 
The film comes to NYC theaters on May 9 and gets a wider release on May 16.
In the noir horror thriller, “A past his prime photographer heads out on a road trip across the American Southwest to recapture the magic and success of his previous work. Instead, he finds himself thrust into the dark and chaotic underbelly of America and unwittingly drags his wife and a shady private detective down into this nightmare world with him.”
David Yow (The Toxic Avenger), Kai Lennox (Green Room), Sarah Lind (A Wounded Fawn), Zachary Ray Sherman (“Under the Banner of Heaven”), Ashley B. Smith (Off Ramp, Extremity), Rob Zabrecky (A Ghost Story), and S.A. Griffin (Vegas Vacation) star.
Meagan Navarro wrote in her review out of Tribeca Film Fest, “A Desert reaches a fitting conclusion, thematically and tonally, but the steadfast refusal for tidy answers may polarize. Still, the refreshingly unpredictable journey and richly textured worldbuilding establish Erkman as a bold new voice, one that deftly blends genres with stunning precision.”
The Nicolas Cage psychological thriller The Surfer from director Lorcan Finnegan (Vivarium, Nocebo) is now playing in theaters from Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
When a man (Nicolas Cage) returns to his beachside hometown in Australia, many years since building a life for himself in the U.S., he is humiliated in front of his teenage son by a local gang of surfers who claim strict ownership over the secluded beach of his childhood.
Wounded, he decides to remain at the beach, declaring war against those in control of the bay. As the conflict escalates, the stakes spin out of control, taking him to the edge of sanity.
Julian McMahon, Nic Cassim, Miranda Tapsell, Alexander Bertrand, Justin Rosniak, Rahel Romahn, Finn Little and Charlotte Maggi star alongside Nicolas Cage.
Thomas Martin wrote the screenplay for The Surfer.
Vampire lore gets reimagined in Daydreamers, a groundbreaking genre-bender set in modern-day Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The Vietnamese film is now playing in limited theaters.

Daydreamers will later sink its fangs into digital platforms on June 3.
The film follows Nhat, a young vampire raised in a secluded river community that suppresses its thirst for human blood in hopes of regaining lost humanity.
When his long-lost brother Marco returns with stories of vampires thriving in the big city amongst humans, Nhat is drawn into a dangerous world that tests his loyalty, beliefs, and survival. His fate takes a turn when he meets Ha, a rebellious schoolgirl who uncovers his secret—forcing Nhat to break vampire law in an act of forbidden protection.
As Trieu, a ruthless vampire queen, orders their execution, the city erupts into chaos, setting the stage for a final battle between brothers—one embracing the monster within, the other fighting to hold onto his last shred of humanity.
Tran Ngoc Vang (Nhat), Thuan Nguyen (Marco), Trinh Thao (Ha), and Chi Pu (Trieu) star in the film that blends horror and fantasy, written and directed by Timothy Linh Bui.
From Freestyle Digital Media, the psychological horror/thriller Room Six is now available on all major VOD outlets. The film is written and directed by Hobart Miller & Michael Panico.
Room Six tells the story of Maxx — a college student working the night shift for her summer job at a rural, vacant rundown motel before the late-night arrival of two brothers.
After a few suspicious incidents, Maxx’s curiosity (or paranoia) gets the best of her, and she decides to investigate. Maxx quickly finds herself in danger as she uncovers what lies hidden in the brothers’ room. Sophia Echendu, Mickey O’ Sullivan, and Jack Ball star.
“Room Six is a raw, gritty thriller that takes place across one eventful night at a rural motel. We wrote this story after reflecting on our own self-destructive tendencies and coping mechanisms,” said the directors. “The intention is to highlight how unresolved trauma in one’s past can shape their future and to explore what it means to reach the point of no return.”
In the wake of Disney’s Snow White movie starring Rachel Zegler, indie horror mockbuster The Death of Snow White was released in select theaters beginning today, May 2.
We understand the theatrical release from Atlas Entertainment is extremely limited, with The Horror Collective bringing the film home to Digital outlets later this year.
Stay tuned for an at-home release date and check your local listings.
“After the mysterious death of Snow White, her closest friends embark on a journey to uncover the truth behind her demise. As secrets unravel and betrayal surfaces, they realize the darkness that lurks beneath the surface of their seemingly idyllic kingdom. With twists and turns, they must navigate through danger to seek justice and avenge their friend’s tragic end.”
Sanae Loutsis, Chelsea Edmundson, Tristan Nokes, Meredith Binder, Colin Miller, and Dillon Moore star in the indie mockbuster from Real Fiction and STL Productions.
Jason Brooks directed the film, written by Brooks and Naomi Mechem-Miller.
Train to Busan breakout star Don Lee (The Roundup franchise) continues his streak for playing tough guys with Holy Night: Demon Hunters, now playing in select theaters.
In the occult action-horror film, “Seoul descends into chaos as a devil-worshipping criminal network emerges. In a desperate plea for salvation, the police turn to ‘Holy Night’—a secretive trio of demon hunters armed with supernatural powers.”
Lim Dae-Hee directed the film from a story by Don Lee. Seohyun (K-Pop group Girls’ Generation), David Lee (“Squid Game“), Kyung Soo-Jin, and Jung Zi-so also star.
Don Lee, also known as Ma Dong-Seok, leads as Ba Woo. He’s joined by Sharon (Seohyun), who can detect and exorcise demons, and Kim-kun (David Lee), their loyal support. When psychiatrist Jung-Won (Kyung Soo-Jin) begs for help to save her possessed sister Eun-Seo (Jung Ji-So), the team faces a terrifying force unlike any they’ve seen before.
Copyright © 2025 Cineverse





													You must be logged in to post a comment.