Former Michigan quarterback J.J. McCarthy could be in the mix for the No. 3 pick. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)AP
No quarterback in the 2024 NFL Draft has risen up the board quite like Michigan’s J.J. McCarthy.
Once considered a mid-to-late first-round pick, McCarthy has been on a rocket ship ride to the top of the draft. Now, recent mock drafts have him cracking what had previously seemed like a previously untouchable top tier of quarterbacks in this draft.
Three prominent mock drafts this week had McCarthy going to the New England Patriots at No. 3 overall:
Pete Prisco, CBS Sports - “Would I draft J.J. McCarthy here? No way. But he just seems like a Patriots quarterback -- a leader and a winner.”
Bucky Brooks, NFL.com - “Given Tom Brady’s success with the Patriots, taking McCarthy -- the best quarterback in Michigan history -- could be the move for Eliot Wolf. Despite his inexperience as a passer, McCarthy’s athleticism, intangibles and winning pedigree could fit Jerod Mayo’s profile for a QB1.”
Ben Standig, The Athletic - “While acknowledging the 21-year-old isn’t ready for Week 1 action, multiple league sources prefer his intangibles over other quarterbacks in this class. Soon we’ll see if the Patriots take the needed passer or help the overall roster.”
It’s a projection that seemed like a major reach earlier this month. But now, rumblings around the league are that McCarthy has entered the conversation to go before North Carolina’s Drake Maye or LSU’s Jayden Daniels.
This comes just days after NFL Network’s Tom Pelissero reported that the Washington Commanders are believed to be considering McCarthy with the No. 2 overall pick.
There has been plenty of movement in the perceived value of the quarterbacks in this year’s draft. While USC’s Caleb Williams remains the consensus No. 1 prospect, the other passers this year have shuffled around.
Maye initially was considered to be in contention for the No. 1 pick with Williams, with a gap between him and the rest of the pack. Then, Daniels entered the conversation among top-tier QBs while Maye appeared to lose steam. Now, McCarthy has entered that conversation.
As Standig noted in his mock draft, these players aren’t actually getting better or worse. Instead, it’s a matter of outside perception getting closer to what NFL teams are looking at. If the recent McCarthy speculation is correct, we could be looking at a chaotic final month heading into the draft.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices