The Buffalo Bills are a team in transition.
That’s been the dominant headline that’s been trumpeted nationally during training camp and the preseason following the departure of more than a dozen longtime starters this past offseason.
Now, the Bills must lean on superstar quarterback Josh Allen more than ever before as they navigate a hellacious schedule featuring matchups against Super Bowl contenders in both conferences.
How will the season pan out for the defending four-time AFC East champions? Our writers gave it their best shot in predicting every game.
CHECK OUT THE BILLS COMPLETE 2024 SCHEDULE.
Want to watch all these games? Check out our 2024 Buffalo Bills TV schedule and streaming guide.
Week 1 vs. Arizona Cardinals
A late-season game in Buffalo’s snow and cold probably would have been a bigger advantage for the Bills. However, getting the Cardinals before Kyler Murray and Marvin Harrison Jr. have built up chemistry should benefit the Bills. Throw in a West Coast team traveling cross-country in Week 1, and I have the Bills starting 1-0 despite some slow starts in the past. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 1-0
The Cardinals have to make the cross-country trip to start the season against the second-best quarterback on the planet. Adding to that challenge is that Allen’s supporting cast at receiver is almost entirely made up of new players. The Bills defense (aided by the home crowd) should be able to generate some turnovers as the Bills take care of business. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 1-0
Week 2 at Miami Dolphins (TNF)
I used to say I couldn’t pick against the Patriots against the Bills during the Tom Brady era because it rarely happened. This is precisely how I feel about Buffalo against Miami. The Dolphins have had very talented teams the past few seasons, but they haven’t figured out the Bills regularly. It will still be warm on Thursday night in Miami, but Buffalo avoiding the afternoon sun is a big advantage for the Bills. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 2-0
The short week after a big home win will be a true test for the Bills. The Dolphins haven’t had much success against Buffalo since Allen arrived, but getting them in September and at home should be enough to win a pivotal early decision. - Parrino
LOSS: Bills 1-1
Week 3 vs. Jacksonville Jaguars (MNF)
The Jaguars and the Bills have played some close games during the Josh Allen era, with all three games decided by five points or less. This is another game that goes down to the wire, but Buffalo’s extra time off helps the Bills win at home. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 3-0
The Bills lost a tough game against the Jaguars in London last year and get a chance at redemption with a true home game against Trevor Lawrence and company. The Bills will have to slow down Jacksonville’s potent offense, but they should be able to score enough points to win. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 2-1
Week 4 at Baltimore Ravens (SNF)
Buffalo’s hot start ends in Baltimore on Sunday Night Football. The third consecutive primetime game proves to be a bit too much for Buffalo with the team playing sluggishly on short rest. Buffalo does a good job containing Lamar Jackson, but the Ravens squeak out a close win. - Talbot
LOSS: Bills 3-1
Beating the Ravens on the road is something the Bills did just two years ago, but they needed Lamar Jackson to throw a pair of interceptions in the second half to get it done. Buffalo plays a close game on the road but Baltimore is able to win a close one. - Parrino
LOSS: Bills 2-2
Week 5 at Houston Texans
There will be plenty of Josh Allen and Stefon Diggs talk going into this matchup. The Texans, on paper, look like a Super Bowl contender, but their schedule is significantly harder than one season ago when they had the easiest schedule in the AFC. Houston faces a much tougher schedule in 2024. Buffalo wins the battle and closes the book on the Stefon Diggs era. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 4-1
It’s the revenge game for both the Bills and Diggs. The lead-up to this game will dominate sports talk radio and TV all week. The divorce between the two sides in the offseason sets up a massive AFC showdown. The Bills will need this one to avoid dipping beneath .500 on the season. The Bills put their best foot forward to help Allen knock off his former best bud. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 3-2
Week 6 at New York Jets (MNF)
At this point, I’m done with primetime games for Buffalo. The Bills have split the regular season series with the Jets in the past two years, with New York winning at home in both years. New York’s defense is legitimate and as long as Aaron Rodgers is healthy at this point of the season, the Jets win in primetime. - Talbot
LOSS: Bills 4-2
The Jets should have a bloated record after four straight easy games following their opener against the 49ers. The Bills don’t historically play well in New York during Allen’s run, but they looked good for a quarter against the Jets last season. Well, maybe it was just a few plays. Either way, I’m not buying Jets stock and I think the Bills make a statement within the division here. They don’t want to start 0-2 in the AFC East. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 4-2
Week 7 vs. Tennessee Titans
If Will Levis makes a year-two leap, this game could be closer than expected. For now, however, it seems like a game that heavily favors Buffalo. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 5-2
Sean McDermott owns young quarterbacks. I’m not too fond of the blockers in front of Levis or his weapons. Bills win an easy one at home. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 5-2
Week 8 at Seattle Seahawks
Buffalo always has a random loss that makes you scratch your head. This is the one for the Bills in 2024. After a 3-0 start, the Bills alternate wins and losses for the next four games. - Talbot
LOSS: Bills 5-3
The Seahawks will be a good team, but the Bills play well on the West Coast. Since 2020, the Bills are 3-1 in games played out West. Geno Smith is one of the least appreciated good quarterbacks in the league, but against McDermott’s defense, he could have a turnover or two. The Bills win a close one. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 6-2
Week 9 vs. Miami Dolphins
The Bills have not lost at home to the Dolphins since 2016, a 34-31 overtime loss. Buffalo’s dominance in Orchard Park continues. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 6-3
The Dolphins received a small gift with an early November game in Buffalo instead of a potential weather-impacted December game. It’s still a road game and the Dolphins lost on the road at Kansas City on the same weekend last season. Until Tua Tagovailoa and company prove they win challenging games on the road against playoff teams, I’m going with the Bills in this spot. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 7-2
Week 10 at Indianapolis Colts
Anthony Richardson was fun to watch last season in his four games. He showed off his legs rushing for four touchdowns in that stretch and made some big plays with his arm. However, Richardson struggled a bit with his accuracy, completing just 59.5 percent of his passes. If he improves as a passer in year two, the Colts could steal this one. For now, I’m banking on Buffalo making things difficult for the inexperienced quarterback. - Talbot
WIN: Bills 7-3
Richardson is another young signal-caller in his first career start against a McDermott-coached defense. I think the Colts can keep this close because of their strength on both sides of the line. But the Bills have more talent and will keep the good times rolling in this one. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 8-2
Week 11 vs. Kansas City Chiefs
The Bills have had the Chiefs’ number the past few years in the regular season. This year, the Chiefs win a close one in Orchard Park. Despite Buffalo’s regular season success against Kansas City and the Chiefs’ playoff success against Buffalo, these games are true coin-flip matchups. - Talbot
LOSS: 7-4
It’s been a good run of games for the Bills against the Chiefs in the regular season. But with the bye week in sight and a looming string of huge games, the Bills drop a tough one against the two-time defending Super Bowl champions in this spot. Patrick Mahomes proved he can win on the road in Buffalo in last year’s divisional round of the playoffs. - Parrino
LOSS: Bills 8-3
Week 12: BYE
Week 13 vs. San Francisco 49ers
The Bills are 7-0 under Sean McDermott following their bye week. It goes to 8-0 with the 49ers coming cross-country in early December. Brock Purdy and company keep things close, but the Bills pull out the win in the end against a legitimate Super Bowl contender. - Talbot
WIN: 8-4
The Bills catch the 49ers in a good spot. McDermott’s record off of the bye and the long trip for San Francisco help the Bills get back in the win column. I have serious questions about Brock Purdy despite his success in year two. He has 21 starts under his belt, but the book he has on him is now out for coaches to read and study. His playmakers are often injured, and that projection is also baked into the pick. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 9-3
Week 14 at Los Angeles Rams
The Bills win back-to-back games against the NFC West. At this point in the season, Matthew Stafford will likely be dealing with some sort of nagging injury if his past is any indication. That plays into Buffalo’s hand. - Talbot
WIN: 9-4
The Bills could win this game. In this scenario, a win against the Rams to go to 10 wins with four to play could put the Bills in the driver’s seat for the no. 1 seed. With the Lions looming and having played a physical game against the 49ers the previous week, Buffalo just doesn’t have enough in the end on the long road trip to L.A. - Parrino
LOSS: Bills 9-4
Week 15 at Detroit Lions
A few weeks after beating a legitimate NFC Super Bowl contender in the 49ers, Buffalo loses on the road to another Super Bowl contender. Dan Campbell has done a great job of building up Detroit’s roster on both sides of the ball. A potential Super Bowl preview goes Detroit’s way at Ford Field. - Talbot
LOSS: 9-5
The Bills love playing in their home away from home. Buffalo has won their last three games at Ford Field, including a “home” game against the Cleveland Browns in 2022 that was moved because of weather. The Lions are getting legitimate Super Bowl buzz. The Bills compete, but the Lions end up making too many plays. - Parrino
LOSS: Bills 9-5
Week 16 vs. New England Patriots
Week 17 vs. New York Jets
Week 18 at New England Patriots
What a nice end-of-the-season schedule for Buffalo. The Patriots offensive line looked abysmal in the preseason. Late in the year, it could be improved, but Drake Maye (who should take over as the starting QB by this point in the year) takes a lot of punishment against the Bills.
As for the Jets, the Bills get revenge for their earlier loss to the Jets in the regular season. Buffalo’s win causes the Jets to eventually miss the playoffs and leads to a new head coach and GM in New York heading into the 2025 season. - Talbot
WIN: 10-5
WIN: 11-5
WIN: 12-5
The Patriots could be playing rookie quarterback Drake Maye at this point. Jacoby Brissett could struggle to stay healthy behind one of the worst offensive lines in the league. I have the Bills losing to the Jets in a game New York needs to keep their playoff hopes alive. Bills win both against the Patriots. - Parrino
WIN: Bills 10-5
LOSS: Bills 10-6
WIN: Bills 11-6
FINAL THOUGHT: Buffalo exceeds national expectations and once again wins the AFC East. Twelve wins could be enough for Buffalo to at least be the No. 2 seed in the conference. Regardless of their seeding, Josh Allen proves that he doesn’t need a No. 1 receiver and wins his first MVP. - Talbot
FINAL THOUGHT: The Bills secure the AFC East crown in the final week with a win over the Patriots. The Bills have questions on their roster, but McDermott has proven that he finds answers yearly throughout the regular season. Bills fans hope that streak continues and extends into the playoffs for a change. Second-year tight end Dalton Kincaid is the only former first-round pick who will be catching passes from Allen this season. Expect him to have a monster year and perhaps lead the Bills in receiving yards and touchdowns in 2024. - Parrino
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices