E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
The Detroit Lions will enter the 2024 NFL season as the team to beat. As a result, each of the other three NFC North teams have curated their offseason plans with the intent taking claiming the division for themselves.
Here’s a look at how each team in the NFC North attacked free agency, as well as how their moves impact their plans for the 2024 NFL Draft:
After six rollercoaster years, the Vikings let Kirk Cousins walk in free agency last month, choosing not to match the offer he got from the Falcons. They signed Sam Darnold to be a bridge option, but Cousins’ departure essentially locks Minnesota into drafting a quarterback in the first round this year. They’ve since made a deal with the Texans to acquire a second first-round pick, which they could perhaps package in a trade up into the top five for one of the big four QBs.
Related Articles


			What’s next for the Detroit Lions after NFL Draft?		




			Brotherly love, leaps of faith and a heart of gold: How Ahmed Hassenein landed with Lions		




			Which Lions could be on roster bubble ahead of 2025 season?		




			Lions GM Brad Holmes: Isaac TeSlaa was ‘my favorite wide receiver’ in 2025 NFL Draft		




			Lions roster projection: Early look at Detroit’s potential depth chart following NFL Draft		

Outside of Cousins, the Vikings replaced Danielle Hunter, D.J. Wonnum, and Jordan Hicks with Jonathan Greenard, Andrew Van Ginkel, and Blake Cashman. They also added Aaron Jones and Shaquill Griffin to fill holes in the starting lineup.
At the moment, defensive tackle and cornerback are their most obvious non-quarterback needs. If the Vikings don’t trade up, they could stay put at 11 and 23 and address one of those spots along with taking Michael Penix Jr. or Bo Nix. Edge rusher is also a possibility, although the additions of Greenard and Van Ginkel mean that isn’t a necessity.
The most likely outcome feels like an aggressive move up the board for Drake Maye or J.J. McCarthy, even though that would mean waiting to make defensive additions on Day 3.
The Lions entered free agency with a plan to address needs on defense, as evidenced by targeting two defensive linemen and two defensive backs.
Trading for cornerback Carlton Davis and signing Amik Robertson upgraded a secondary that ranked in the bottom third of the NFL in pass coverage.
Defensive coordinator Aaron Glenn has a player in Davis that can play man-to-man coverage and competes well against quality wideouts.
Unfortunately, veteran Cam Sutton getting himself into legal troubles could force Detroit’s front office to target another defensive back or two in this year’s draft.
DJ Reader and Marcus Davenport are intriguing additions to the defensive line, but come with a certain level or risk due to both veterans battling significant injuries last season.
Kevin Zeitler is a veteran guard that helps the offensive line deal with the sting of losing Jonah Jackson to the Rams in free agency.
Heading into the draft, general manager Brad Holmes and the front office feel comfortable they are still able to deploy their strategy of targeting the best player available at pick No. 29.
At this point, Detroit could literally do anything when it is there turn to hand in their draft card.
Luckily, Holmes has built up enough credibility that whoever the selection is will be cheered by supporters in Motown.
Green Bay made two big splashes in free agency by signing safety Xavier McKinney and running back Josh Jacobs. Really, though, that didn’t change anything about the draft.
The Packers still need a safety to start alongside McKinney. And they still need to add a young back to a tandem that had been Aaron Jones and AJ Dillon but is now Jacobs and Dillon.
Along with safety, the biggest free-agent impacts on the draft are offensive line and linebacker.
At offensive tackle, the Packers finally parted ways with former All-Pro David Bakhtiari, who missed most of last season following the fourth and fifth surgeries on a knee injury sustained on Dec. 31, 2020. Plus, they lost valuable swingman Yosh Nijman in free agency.
They at least need a talented backup behind left tackle Rasheed Walker and standout right tackle Zach Tom. At guard, Jon Runyan left in free agency, leaving only one backup for the new interior trio.
At linebacker, the Packers are transitioning to a 4-3 scheme and released former All-Pro De’Vondre Campbell. There was a large group of veterans available. Instead of signing one, they’ll be looking for a third starter alongside Quay Walker and Isaiah McDuffie or a second every-down player to pair with Walker.
Considering all the salary cap space the Bears had for free agency, they disappointed by not meeting their biggest need while focusing on lesser needs or depth. It’s the second straight year they did this.
It’s true they needed another safety and depth there, and addressed this adequately by signing veteran Kevin Byard and former Packers safety Jonathan Owens.
Byard has a record for never missing games and replaces Eddie Jackson, who missed 13 the last three years. They needed another running back after deciding D’Onta Foreman wasn’t in their future, so signing D’Andre Swift gives them a versatile starting option.
They didn’t sign Keenan Allen but traded for him, and made sure they had an experienced second receiver to help expected rookie QB Caleb Williams. It’s debatable whether either center candidate they signed, Ryan Bates or Coleman Shelton, are the answer at a weak spot.
The first need Matt Eberflus talked about starting the offseason was an edge to divert pressure from Montez Sweat. They go into the draft still without one, after signing only journeyman Jake Martin. Starting 3-technique Justin Jones left and the immediate DT replacement plan is unproven Gervon Dexter.
For the second straight offseason, it would appear defensive line has been neglected and must come in the draft.
This article was produced by the staff at Sports Illustrated/All Lions. For more, visit si.com/nfl/lions
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group