How does a prodigal son stay so?
Michael Head’s story of loss and redemption through music could be longer when told than any testament, one which will be revealed in detail via an autobiography – Ciao Ciao Bambino: A Magical Memoir – to be published this summer.
Amongst the rubble and joy, any tale will need to cover the bleak period when there were genuine fears that the finest musical chapters of his chequered career – The Pale Fountains’ Pacific Street, Shack’s cursed Waterpistol, the sublime and brilliant The Magical World Of The Strands – would be high the watermarks.
Rumours of a chaotic lifestyle and addiction left many fearing the worst, but then, seemingly to nobody’s greater surprise than himself, in 2017 the Liverpudlian bard returned with Adios Senor Pussycat, and while that was not a full hitting of the stride, the five-year gap between that and its follow-up Dear Scott was one of those rare occasions where the delay’s stoked expectations were fully met.
We appear also to have landed in his most creatively productive spell in decades: recorded again at Bill Ryder-Jones Yawn studios with the former Coral man at the controls, Loophole arrives relatively hot on the heels of its predecessor, a kind of aural companion to his memoirs.
As someone who’s both a natural storyteller and has, as the cliché goes, lived a life, the execution of the first part is that of a troubadour, whilst the yarns themselves are honest, darkly romantic and full of charm.
You sense that they’ve been told and polished many times by a master raconteur. Take for instance Ambrosia, a gentle string and piano lullaby on which the singer fondly recounts a long-lost tour with Shack, lost in the sense that its itinerary has blurred over the decades, from Glasgow to London to somewhere in Europe and all points between.
Loophole’s most striking feature is that, like life, it runs through phases, never completely settled.
This manifests itself musically in a revolving door of styles and moods, as on A Ricochet Moment where the moody folk plucking, brass and tumbling verses recall early Nick Drake at his most animated.
Stranger though is the doubtless philosophical stock taking of You’re A Long Time Dead, which mixes oompah and ragtime (no, really); that it doesn’t quite hold together speaks more to its audacity than a lack of conviction.
Most of Michael Head And The Red Elastic Band’s other departures are less pronounced: You Smiled At Me at revels in its jazzy insouciance, a flute in and out playfully to a love at first sight story, whilst The Human Race reveals a profound love for Bowie in its glammy, Scouser Who Fell To Earth grooves.
The song that goes with the book – or vice versa – is the most straightforward, the title scrambled from maternal recollections of first conversation.
Through the horn section it sounds alive and Head has the air of a man comfortable, relaxed, in an element which had long been denied, that if paying your dues meant anything, would have been his right decades ago.
There’s a place for older foundations: closer Coda is, according to its writer, a lengthened, orchestral finale to Comedy, the highlight of Shack’s wistfully flawed penultimate album HMS Fable, but at the other end Shirl’s Ghost – Loophole’s finest moment – takes a cue from a once neighbour/dancer who becomes an apparition, a haunting worthy of lines, commas and full stops you’d find in a scribbled, gap filled diary.
It’s for this reason that Loophole should be cherished – not in truth because it ever reaches those highest of former highs, but because it fully realises the prodigal son as a father, husband, brother and most importantly friend to many others and, finally, himself.