Filed under:
What to expect from the Steelers’ distribution of targets
We’ve talked about the Steelers’ offense quite a bit this offseason, as well as what both the run and pass games could look like in 2024. Today, I want to take a look at how the Steelers could divvy up their targets in 2024, and how the biggest beneficiaries will be. 

    Related
  
The Falcons and Arthur Smith’s offense in 2023 wasn’t afraid to push the ball downfield. The Falcons were sixth in the NFL in average depth of target, which will play into what Russell Wilson does well. Wilson was third in the NFL in 2023 in passing yards on passes that traveled at least 25 yards downfield- he still has his deep ball. 
In terms of how the Falcons distributed their targets, tight ends were the biggest beneficiaries. Atlanta led the NFL with 34 percent of their targets going to tight ends. Kyle Pitts and Jonnu Smith combined for 160 targets, and 103 combined receptions. For comparison, Pat Freiermuth averaged less than four targets per game in 2023. In totality, the Steelers only targeted tight ends 91 times last season. Being that Freiermuth is the only proven receiving threat at the position, he is going to see a big uptick in production. Freiermuth’s career-high in receptions is 63, and he has a very good chance of topping that in an offense that will feature him more as a slot receiver.
Now, this doesn’t mean that George Pickens and whomever the potential new acquisition at receiver won’t get looks. Drake London led the Falcons in targets with 110. The next two receivers on the target leaderboard were Mac Hollins (30) and Van Jefferson (28). That’s another reason I’m not convinced the Steelers aren’t making some sort of move. Jefferson is in Pittsburgh to run block and be the WR4 on the roster, not the second receiver. Overall, the Falcons were last in the NFL in target distribution to receivers at just 41 percent, which was 10 percent less than the Jets and Cardinals who were tied for second-to-last.
Both the Steelers and Falcons were amongst the league leaders in targets to running backs. The Falcons targeted running backs on 24 percent of targets and the Steelers did so on 23 percent. Jaylen Warren will be continue to be a name to watch in the passing game, as well. Bijan Robinson was the Falcons’ third-most targeted player in the passing game with 58 receptions on 86 targets. Tyler Allgeier had 23 targets. I would bet that Najee Harris plays more of the Allegier role in the passing game where he doesn’t see nearly as many targets as Warren, simply because being more of a dual-threat is more of Warren’s game. For comparison, Warren had 74 targets last season, Harris had 38. In terms of run distribution, both teams were practically the same. The Falcons ran the ball 44 percent of the time, the Steelers ran the ball 43 percent of the time. So for everyone expecting there to be a big jump in total runs, it’ll be roughly the same.
In terms of overall targets, Pittsburgh and Atlanta were roughly the same, as well. The Steelers’ pass catchers combined for 484 targets, while the Falcons combined for 504. It’s hard to put a true number estimate on targets for receivers at the moment, considering Pittsburgh is likely to add another name on the outside. However, I do expect more receptions for George Pickens, even if his targets slightly decrease from a season ago. A 70-75 reception season is definitely reasonable expectation, even with a potential new target opposite of him. If anything, that would help him. The same can be said for Freiermuth, who will be a go-to target in the offense. 
The Steelers will have a more cohesive offense that has far more tweaks and variety than they’ve had over the last number of years under Matt Canada and Randy Fichtner. However they divvy up their targets, it’s hard to imagine they won’t be far more successful than they’ve been for half a decade.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.