Camila Cabello wants Drake and Kendrick Lamar to make up, maybe over a good meal.
The latest Complex cover star, who released her new album C, XOXO on Friday (June 28), spoke to the Sunday Times about wanting the rappers to repair their relationship, albeit not mentioning them by name.
"It’s so frustrating to see people talk about someone you know in a way that is negative. You’re like, ‘Dang, if only you guys could just have dinner or something,'" Cabello told the publication.
While it's likely too late for Drizzy and K. Dot to patch things up, Cabello had nothing but kind words for the Toronto native, whom she collaborated with on tracks "HOT UPTOWN" and "Uuugly" on her new album.
The window of opportunity for a truce might be closed for good after Lamar performed his latest Drake diss track, "Not Like Us," five times during his Pop Out concert on Juneteenth. During the show, Lamar opened his set with "Euphoria," his first official response to Drizzy after being repeatedly taunted after being featured on "Like That" in April.
Although she called the rapper a "delight," Cabello assured the Sunday Times that she's single, after the two were seen vacationing together in the Turks and Caicos Islands last December.
"I barely have time to fucking shave my legs," she told the publication. "I’ve been working so hard I have not had time, but the pendulum is going to have to swing the other way at some point."
music | BY taramhdvn
Camila Cabello Recalls Working on Music With Drake in Turks and Caicos, Praises His ‘Generosity’ and ‘Kindness’
music | BY Alex Ocho
Kendrick Fans Hilariously Formalize "Not Like Us" Lyrics, Imagine Him Saying Drake Has 'Fondness for Prepubescent Humans'
style | BY Trace William Cowen
CHITO Tags Camila Cabello’s ‘C,XOXO’ Logo in Tokyo, Japan
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.