Kendrick Lamar addresses the elephant in the room regarding his idols.
On Friday, Dot unleashed his surprise 12-track project, GNX via pgLang and Interscope, and on the first song, “wacced out murals,” he laments how his success has impacted Lil Wayne.
“I used to bump Tha Carter III, I held my Rollie chain proud/Irony, I think my hardwork let Lil Wayne down,” Kenny raps, later adding, “Got the Super Bowl and Nas the only one congratulate me, all these n***as agitated I’m just glad it’s on their faces.”
Following a colossal year that saw Lamar’s beef with Drake spawn two No. 1 records—”Like That” and “Not Like Us”—and a massive star-studded, one-off concert "The Pop Out: Ken & Friends," which was streamed on Amazon Music, Lamar was chosen to perform at the 2025 Super Bowl halftime show in New Orleans.
Kendrick’s announcement came as a huge blow to Wayne, particularly since the next Super Bowl is in his hometown. Weezy expressed interest in headlining the halftime show for years. He later addressed the situation in a video: "I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown and for just automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So I blame myself for that.”
There was major pushback from Kung Fu Kenny’s peers following his announcement, including from Nicki Minaj, Cam’ron, Boosie Badazz, Birdman, and more.
Elsewhere on "wacced out murals," K. Dot also addressed his shock over Drake's "Taylor Made" diss track on which he used AI technology to rap from the perspectives of Snoop Dogg and the late 2Pac.
"Snoop posted 'Taylor Made,' I prayed it was the edibles / I couldn't believe it, it was only right for me to let it go," Lamar raps in the second verse.
Lamar has been a fan of Wayne’s since his formative years, long before Tha Carter III’s arrival in 2008, thus the reason why Kendrick feels he “let Lil Wayne down.” In fact, in 2009, Dot dropped off the mixtape C4, inspired by Tha Carter III and consisted of the Compton native freestyling over Tha Carter III production.
A few years later, in 2016, Kendrick publicly reacted to Wayne hinting that he was going to retire from rap. "Talk about retiring and shit. Fuck that n***a. Retire, quitting rap, whatever you want to call it, n***a," Kenny said in a video at the time.
During a live taping of Drink Champs at ComplexCon this past weekend, Snoop Dogg weighed in on the Super Bowl controversy regarding Wayne and Kendrick. Snoop reasoned, "This is a big event. People looking at everything when they picked the person to perform, you should just be honored that hip-hop is being able to be seen on that platform for all of us and not hate on the next."
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
music | BY Mark Elibert
Snoop Dogg Says Kendrick's "Not Like Us" United the West, Says He Had ‘No Side’ in Drake Beef
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar Surprise-Drops 'GNX' Project
music | BY Joe Price
Kendrick Raps He 'Couldn't Believe' Snoop Posted Drake's "Taylor Made" Diss
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.