On June 25, 2024, the fourth episode of “America’s Got Talent” season 19 aired with a new group of auditions and a Golden Buzzer recipient. Host Terry Crews welcomed back judges Simon Cowell, Howie Mandel, Heidi Klum and Sofia Vergara, with performances from this diverse group.
But who were the best acts from this episode? And did any move forward that shouldn’t have? Below we rank the nine acts who advanced from worst to best. Do any of Tuesday’s acts have what it takes to win the million dollars this year?
SEE 'America's Got Talent' season 19: Who was your favorite act from 'AGT' Auditions 4? [POLL]
Season 19 Episode 4 Rankings:
9. Hypers Kids Africa: Is there anything cuter than this group’s interaction with the judges and Terry? I think not. Also, it's worth noting that they really have a good plan for if they were to win this season. The dance felt a little TikTok-esque, but they won me over quickly. Bonus points for winning over Howie, who is notoriously tough on dance acts. If they are not in the live rounds…I would be shocked.
8. Maya Neelakantan: A guitar player since the age of six, Maya hit the AGT stage with confidence that most adults lack. This audition blew my mind. If she is not in the live rounds, I would be flabbergasted. I would love to hear her tackle some Queen or even "Dream On" by Aerosmith. 
7. Flewnt and Inkabee: This father and son duo made me smile from the start since you can just tell that Inkabee was living his best life. In a weird way, they seemed like a mix of Iggy Azalea and Drake, which is a huge compliment. This was the first act of the night that made me think, “They could do really well in the live rounds with the voters.” Howie was 100% correct calling Inkabee a superstar. If this is just him as a child, adulthood is going to be fire!
6. Brent Street: Led by Shawn Mendes lookalike Zack, this dance group, which received a Golden Buzzer from Howie, was incredible. Howie, the most vocal critic of dance acts giving a Golden Buzzer to a dance act was equally as surprising. I could see them doing well in the competition. Heck, they belong on a Broadway stage!
SEE Howie Mandel gives a Golden Buzzer to Brent Street on 'AGT' [WATCH]
5. Stephanie Rainey: The first musical act of the night left a mark on the AGT stage, wowing the judges. The song itself is radio ready, but the real surprise here was the vocal quality. She has an Adele meets Lainey Wilson performance quality with a voice uniquely her own. Sofia was brought to tears! I was shocked when she did not receive a Golden Buzzer. 
4. DaksDominoes: Truth be told, I was not excepting to like this act as much as I did. When they asked everyone to leave the theater, my first thought was “If they need all night now, how would this work in the live rounds or if they were to win?” The effort was worth it though, as the trick worked beautifully…after a scary moment. Also, it's worth noting that these two won "Domino Masters," which to my surprise was a real show on FOX.  
3. Jo De Rijck: Once I got past the whole bathing with the chicken thing, this act was impressive. This chicken is very gifted apparently as she can read minds. Not like I needed this image the next time I order McNuggets. I could see this act making the live rounds just because it is super unique, entertaining, and I need to see what it predicts next!
2. Daniel Simu: In what I can only describe as something you never would expect to see, a robot/human dance act is oddly captivating. Heidi was less than impressed, but her fellow judges were blown away by this act. I could see this being a full-blown Vegas show if he were to add many robots on stage at once. If he were not to win, someone page Disney ASAP since this be a fun show in Tomorrowland.
1. L6: This audition started off rocky, which prompted Simon to intervene. Thank goodness he did since the track was indeed terrible. Once said problem was removed, this acapella group sounded a thousand times better and wowed not only the crowd but the judges. Special shoutout to the ladies of the group, who really blew my mind. They are my new favorite act in the competition thus far. I would have given them a Golden Buzzer.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
L6 and DaksDominoes were my favorites.  Both were excellent and had that wow factor
I actually liked Amaya. I thought she was not only entertaining and talented but stood out on a week that I thought had some quite dull performances.  Too many face groups it’s all the same thing with a different twist
I liked the chicken act lol
I enjoyed all the acts except for Brent street and DaksDominoes
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media