Patriots offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt looks on as quarterback Drake Maye takes a snap during practice.(Nick O'Malley, MassLive)
FOXBOROUGH – The Patriots brass met this week to discuss the change.
As coaches went through the litany of their offensive issues, the group was on board when Jerod Mayo said he wanted to start rookie Drake Maye this weekend. It was a bittersweet decision for Alex Van Pelt, who coached Jacoby Brissett in Cleveland.
However, it’s a decision the Patriots offensive coordinator agreed with. For the Patriots, the future is now with Maye. It’s an exciting move for local fans and also Van Pelt.
“We all sat together and gave all our opinions on what we thought and ultimately, it’s (Mayo’s) decision. I’m on board with that decision. I’m excited to see Drake play,” Van Pelt said. “It’s his team. I think he’s prepared. He’s done a great job on the practice field getting ready for this moment.”
The Patriots plan was to bring Maye along slowly. That’s why they signed a quarterback in Brissett who had experience in Van Pelt’s system. The rookie quarterback, however, made it difficult for the Patriots. This summer, he pushed Brissett to the point where Mayo even admitted the No. 3 overall pick was playing better.
Still, the team opted to start the veteran and allow Maye to watch and learn from afar. Considering the Patriots offense is ranked among the worst in the NFL, the coaching staff knew they had to make a change.
As he did in the summer, Maye continued to progress this fall. That along with the offense’s poor output, made it an easier decision for Van Pelt and Mayo.
“I think it’s a combination of a couple of things really – offensively, we’re not where we want to be from a production standpoint. That leads to some of that decision,” Van Pelt said. “And also the fact that we see his growth and development over the weeks of practice and what he’s put on the practice field. The two of those combined. We’re close – a couple plays away from being 3-2 and feeling a lot better than where we are right now. Reality of it is we’re not, we’re 1-4.
“At this point, we have to find something to give us a chance to win on Sunday. We thought Drake’s development over the past first part of the season on the practice field that he was ready to step in and take over.”
Now, Maye will make his first NFL start against a tough 4-1 Houston Texans team. The hope is that his athleticism and arm strength will lead to more success on offense. Van Pelt said he’s been impressed with how much Maye has learned this season.
“His understanding – it’s like a sponge, he sits back there and watches everything,” Van Pelt said. “He’s very involved in the meetings. Very vocal in the meetings as well. His knowledge has grown since we’ve had him since the draft. He’s more prepared than he ever has been to handle the challenges that will be presented on Sunday. Again, the way he plays on the field – to watch the balls he throws out there, to watch the accuracy down the field, the stuff he’s shown on the practice field gives us a chance to win on Sunday.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices