e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The Santa Cruz Surf Lifesaving Association (SCSLA) and Capitola Beach Lifeguard Association (CBLA) produced multiple top-three finishers at the USLA National Junior Lifeguard Championships in South Padre Island, Texas, on Tuesday.
In the boys’ 14-15 A Division, Nico Van Der Meer of SCSLA took first the Run Swim Run, Rescue Race Relay, Iron Guard, and Surf Team Relay, and second in the Distance Swim. He also took second in the Paddle Board Relay, as did Reese Roussopoulos of SCSLA.
Jude Holmlund of SCSLA took first in the Distance Run and third in Beach Flags.
Drake Harper of SCSLA took first in the Board Race.
Caetano Dawson, Holmlund, and Harper of SCSLA took first in the Paddle Board Relay.
In the boys’ 12-13 B Division, Nakai Vazquez-Lazo and Louie Van Der Meer of SCSLA took first in the Paddle Board Relay.
Vazquez-Lazo also took first in the Board Race.
Vazquez-Lazo and Van Der Meer also took second in the Rescue Race Relay and Surf Team Relay.
In the boys’ 9-11 C Division, Thys Van Der Meer of SCSLA took second in Run Swim Run and third in the Rescue Race Relay.
In the girls’ 14-15 A Division, Elizabeth Penny and Finley Dobkin of SCSLA and Keira Burke of CBLA had stellar outings.
Penny took first in Run Swim Run, Board Race, Paddle Board Relay, and Surf Team Relay, and second in Iron Guard, and third in Distance Swim.
Dobkin took first in Paddle Board Relay and Board Race, and third in Rescue Race Relay and Iron Guard.
Burke took first in Iron Guard and Surf Team Relay, second in the Distance Swim and Beach Flags, and third in Board Race.
Zoe Pochet of SCSLA took first in Paddle Board Relay and third in Rescue Race Relay. Tessa Jefferies of CBLA also took first in Surf Team Relay.
In the girls’ 16-18 (U19) division, Cheryl Brightfield of CBLA took first in both the Board Race and Board Rescue Relay.
Madalyn Price of CBLA took first in Beach Sprint, and Hayden Mandell of SCSLA was third.
Mandell also took second in Beach Flags, and Emma Ingram of CBLA was third.
U.S. Open of Surfing: Santa Cruz’s John Mel and Nat Young were eliminated Thursday in the Round of 64 at the U.S. Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach, event No. 4 on the World Surf League’s Challenger Series.
Mel posted a two-wave score of 10.86 in Heat 8, but he took fourth in the heat. He took second in his heat in the Round of 80 on Wednesday.
Young took fourth in Heat 1 with a total score of 5.00 in 1- to 4-foot surf.
Both Mel and Young tied for 49th overall and earned 600 points.
U.S. Women’s Amateur: Boulder Creek’s Jennifer Serbin missed the cut for stroke play at the 124th U.S. Women’s Amateur Championship at Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Tuesday.
Serbin, a former standout at Scotts Valley High and San Jose State University, fired rounds of 83 and 78 for a 19-over-par 161 total. Over 36 holes, she recorded two birdies, 11 bogeys, four double bogeys, and one triple bogey.
Colombia’s Maria Jose Marin, a sophomore at University of Arkansas and the stroke play medalist at 4 under, has advanced through three rounds of match play to reach the quarterfinals.
Santa Cruz City Amateur: The Santa Cruz City Amateur takes place at DeLaveaga Golf Course this weekend. Play begins Saturday at 7 a.m. and continues Sunday morning.
Champions will be crowned in seven divisions, including the men’s championship, ladies championship, and senior and super seniors championships.
All-American Classic: Scotts Valley’s Brock Ketelsen will compete in the Dick’s Sporting Goods All-American Classic at Chase Field in Phoenix, home of MLB’s Arizona Diamondbacks, on Aug. 18.
Ketelsen, a 6-foot-4 outfielder who plays at Valley Christian High in San Jose, will suit up for the West team. He’s one of 18 players from California on the 31-player roster.
Ketelsen and Scotts Valley’s Kaleb Wing are currently competing at the prestigious Area Code Games showcase at Blair Field in Long Beach.
No Attitudes: Santa Cruz’s Lovela Jones and Josie Campo took first in the women’s division at the No Attitudes Tournament at Main Beach on Saturday.
Other division winners included: Santa Cruz’s Leif McArthur and Hayley Buchanan (coed intermediate), Sunnyvale’s Isabel lai and Kevin Shih (coed novice), and San Jose’s Rudy Silva and David Poltorak (men).
Coaches are encouraged to report scores and highlights to sports@santacruzsentinel.com following games. Please include your name and contact number in the email.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group