CPC member Daryl Crossman says “If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.”
CPC member Stephen Hayes speaks on the history of the committee and the development of its application
CPC member Daryl Crossman says “If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.”
CPC member Stephen Hayes speaks on the history of the committee and the development of its application
The Sandwich Community Preservation Committee is moving forward with changing the application process and adopting an open enrollment period.
The changes are not yet set in stone, but a straw poll held at the committee’s meeting on Monday, February 6, indicated a majority of members were interested in changing the application process.
Discussions on changing the application process began last fall after committee members learned they did not have enough funds to support a grant to the Glass Museum for its roof replacement project.
The Glass Museum had asked for $140,000 from the committee; unfortunately, the committee was informed by town finance director William Jennings that the committee’s coffers would need to be drained in order to support the Wing School demolition.
Mr. Jennings told the committee that the original plan was to borrow the money needed to pay for Sandwich’s share of the demolition; however, with the state of the economy and interest rates skyrocketing, it was no longer financially wise to do so. Instead of borrowing the funds, the town determined the best course of action would be to use preservation funds instead.
At the time, Mr. Jennings told the committee it would have very little funding until June 2024, when it was set to receive roughly $1 million. He recommended the committee not take on any large projects and save the remaining funds in the account.
The committee agreed to support $70,000 for the Glass Museum and move its application forward to the select board and Town Meeting.
Following the Glass Museum application, the committee began pondering its past projects and if there were any it thought were less valuable to the town than the museum. The committee could not take away funds that had already been awarded to another applicant and began wondering if it would be valuable to review all applications at once.
“Would we have had the same discussion about the Glass Museum’s application if it had come at a different time? Would we have nickeled and dimed it the way we did?” committee chairman Matthew J. Schimmel asked.
The committee is considering switching its application to an open enrollment period. Applicants would submit and present their proposals between June and December. Then, the committee would review all the proposals and discuss the merits of each one in comparison to the lot in January and February before selecting which ones to fund and send forth to the select board and Town Meeting.
The only committee member opposed to the change was Daryl A. Crossman, who said he was of the mindset of “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it.”
Mr. Crossman said it was unfortunate what happened with the Glass Museum but that was the first time he has seen the committee run out of funding since he joined in 2015.
The first-come, first-served process the committee currently has works, Mr. Crossman said. The committee always had enough money to fund the projects it deemed worthy, other than the rare occurrence with the Glass Museum, and Mr. Crossman did not want to overcomplicate things.
The decision to review and decide on applications as they are submitted was made when the committee was formed to prevent it from being overwhelmed with applications.
“I know at the beginning we were afraid we would be inundated with applications,” committee member Stephen P. Hayes said.
The committee members discussed that they have not had that many applications, only a few each year.
One concern the committee discussed was the need for a few exceptions to the new submission deadlines.
The committee discussed having a few exceptions to its open enrollment period, including projects requesting administrative funds and land acquisitions, and the committee agreed that organizations applying for funds could also request the committee review and decide on their application when it is submitted.
Some organizations, like the Glass Museum, apply to the board for matching funds to win grants. Those grants often have deadlines for finding matching funds, and having support from the committee to bring their application to a Special Town Meeting in the fall helps applicants meet those deadlines.
Town planner Leanne Drake said that as long as she has worked for the town, there has been at least one CPC funding request on the agenda for a Special Town Meeting.
Discussions during the committee meeting on Monday were lengthy as members considered different scenarios and application processes and reviewed applications from other towns, like Bourne, that operate using an open enrollment period.
Ultimately, the committee members determined that they would not vote on any changes yet. The members plan to think further about any edits to the application they wish to make to the wording of the application and its timeline and will discuss it further in March.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
A look back at what was making headlines years ago.
An e-newsletter with Bourne news sent each Wednesday.
Receive notices of breaking news for the Upper Cape.
An e-newsletter with Falmouth news sent each Tuesday.
A Monday morning e-newsletter with stories that readers might have overlooked in Friday's editions and a roundup of the stories that attracted the most attention on the Enterprise's website during the past week.
An e-newsletter with Mashpee news sent each Wednesday.
An e-newsletter with Sandwich news sent each Wednesday.
An e-newsletter sent on Thursdays highlighting local entertainment for the coming week.
A good news e-newsletter delivered every Saturday morning.  
A Friday e-newsletter with headlines from all four Upper Cape towns.
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.