Daniel Jones has struggled to stay healthy. (Photo by Megan Briggs/Getty Images)
Daniel Jones is somehow back for Year 6 as the Giants’ unquestioned starting quarterback — at least for now.
Giants general manager Joe Schoen tried hard to replace Jones in the 2024 NFL Draft, by trading up for Drake Maye. But the Patriots stayed at No. 3 and took Maye. And Schoen didn’t take a quarterback at all in this year’s draft.
So it’s Jones atop the depth chart once more, with Drew Lock firmly in the No. 2 role — at least until Jones performs poorly enough (or gets hurt again) and the Giants bench him (as they should, in order to preserve their ability to release him next offseason).
Anyway, presuming the Giants don’t sign the Cowboys’ Dak Prescott in 2025 free agency, they very well could draft a quarterback.
And Pro Football Focus — in a way-too-early 2025 mock draft — predicts that will be Georgia’s Carson Beck.
Want to bet on the NFL?
See the best NYC Sports Betting sites
PFF slots the Giants at No. 5 in the 2025 draft. And PFF also has Beck as the first quarterback off the board, ahead of Colorado’s Shedeur Sanders to the Raiders at No. 9.
Here’s the rationale for Beck to the Giants over Deion Sanders’ son:
The first quarterback comes off the board. Beck’s 91.5 grade in 2023 ranked fourth among college football quarterbacks. He plays with precise timing and accuracy and could be New York’s quarterback of the future with Daniel Jones seemingly on his last legs there.
The Giants would free up $19.4 million of Jones’ $41.6 million salary cap figure for 2025 if they cut him after this coming season. But they must be mindful of this: Jones has a $30 million salary for 2025 — and $23 million of that is currently guaranteed against injury.
So if Jones stinks again midway through 2024, the Giants would be wise to bench him — lest he suffer another serious injury that leaves them on the hook for the $23 million. If the Giants want out of the Jones relationship — and they just tried to end it by trading up for Maye — they must preserve their ability to have a clean break from him, with regard to that injury guarantee.
Darryl Slater may be reached at dslater@njadvancemedia.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices