Digital Content Producer
An award-winning journalist that has covered nearly everything under the sun for over a decade. Also, an anointed NESN.com media day maven.
Red Sox Outfielder Admits To 'Unacceptable' Misplay In Loss To Blue Jays
Alex Cora Provides Update On Kristian Campbell After Lineup Scratch
NFL Executives Assess Hyped Up Patriots Draft Class
Why Kristian Campbell Was Scratched From Lineup In Series Finale Vs. Blue Jays
New England Patriots first-year head coach Jerod Mayo has done his best to try to make it seem like there's an ongoing quarterback competition between Jacoby Brissett and Drake Maye. 
Most signs, if not all, point to Jacoby Brissett being the starting quarterback once the Patriots take the field for their season opener in just over two weeks. Mayo even said Wednesday that Brissett is atop the QB depth chart, but left the door open of Maye supplanting the veteran signal-caller.
It seems like Maye, at least publicly, is buying what Mayo is selling. 
"I'm not 100% sure," Maye told reporters when asked if he views Brissett as the starter, per team-provided video.  
Story continues below advertisement
Maye certainly has made up ground on Brissett during the preseason, but Brissett still has the massive edge when it comes to experience and leading an NFL offense, especially one under the direction of offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt. Maye knows it, too. 
"I know that Jacoby's played great," Maye said. "I think there's opportunity for him to go out there and make a play anytime his names called. He knows the offense. He's been a great teacher to me as a young rookie coming in here and just excited to be able to learn from him and continue to learn from him throughout the season when real things start going."
Unlike Brissett and the first-team offense, Maye impressed last Thursday in New England's preseason loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. After playing just a handful of snaps in the preseason opener, Maye got more playing time against the Eagles and completed 6-for-11 passes for 47 yards. He also ran for a touchdown.
Maye's development led him to getting reps with the first team offense during Wednesday's practice, but it was just a few with Brissett still getting the bulk of the time with the starting unit.
Story continues below advertisement
Maye can make his final case to beat out Brissett for the starting job in Sunday's preseason finale against the Washington Commanders. But Maye sounded like someone who understands the reality of the situation, which is he will begin his rookie season on the bench.
"I think I'm just going to take advantage of my opportunities," Maye said. "Jacoby's done a great job. He's a great player, great teammate. He's been repping with the ones the whole time. So, excited for him and just trying to take advantage of the reps I do get and when I'm in there try to have some fun."
Digital Content Producer
An award-winning journalist that has covered nearly everything under the sun for over a decade. Also, an anointed NESN.com media day maven.
Featured image via Eric Canha/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network