Current Issue Details
Published: 2024/08/29

Photo Credit: Athena Kulb
Continuing a jam-packed year of recordings and performances, Eric Slick has confirmed a series of opening sets for Karina Rykman in the coming months. As the most frequent opener on Rykman’s Fall & Winter Tour–which begins tonight, Aug. 29 with a performance at Amagansett, N.Y.’s The Stephen Talkhouse–Slick will deliver nine acts alongside the ace bassist and jam scene favorite through the tour’s close in December.
After Rykman’s tour kickoff tonight, she’ll meet up with Slick for the first of three trios of performances, set at the northernmost tip of her East Coast run. Slick will take the stage at Portsmouth, N.H.’s 3S Artspace on Sept. 12, then follow through at Amherst, Mass.’s The Drake before supporting Rykman’s highly-anticipated performance at Woodstock, N.Y.’s Bearsville Theater on Sept. 14. Slick will rejoin the tour again in November for a second three-night series, assuming the spotlight at San Diego’s Winstons, Los Angeles’ The Moroccan and San Francisco’s storied underground haven The Independent on Nov. 7-9. Finally, in December, Slick will ride one last time for Rykman’s two nights at the legendary Burlington, Vt. jam hotspot Nectar’s on Dec. 5 and 6, then perform a finale at The Sinclair in Cambridge, Mass. on Dec. 7.
Slick’s appearances add to a banner year for the singer, songwriter and drummer, who released his sixth solo LP New Age Rage to widespread acclaim in April and reunited with his Dr. Dog bandmates for the group’s self-titled 11th studio album in July. The artist supported these projects with a rapid-fire sprint of headline dates in the spring, followed by Dr. Dog’s first live performances since 2021 in July–including a hometown show at Philaddelphia’s Mann Center for the Performing Arts with Kevin Morby and The Teeth and a high-profile staging alongside Fruit Bats at Morrison, Colo.’s Red Rocks Amphitheatre. Slick was also featured in the June issue of Relix, for which he divulged on his high-concept new project and frenetic artistic process.
Tickets for Karina Rykman’s Fall & Winter Tour are available now. To learn more and secure yours, visit karinarykman.com/tour.
A post shared by eric slick (@strangeamerica)
No Comments comments associated with this post