Music Notes
Spoon to play Longhorn City Limits.
The chaos of ACL Fest has come to a close, but don’t let that fool you into thinking that things will now be simmering down across Austin’s music scene. There’s still plenty of local shows in the latter part of October. Recommendations await you here.
Dossey at Chess Club – October 17-18Pop/rock act Dossey will cap off a busy summer of shows and new tunes with what she’s calling “Dossey’s Double Date” at Chess Club this Thursday, October 17, and Friday, October 18. Bee & The Hive, TV’s Goodtimes, Squirt, and Celestina Gravely will join her at the first show, and the second one will feature Flags, Blood Pumps, Lynzi, and Cormae. Tickets for each night are $20.08.
Spoon at Longhorn City Limits – Saturday, October 19Just before Texas clashes with Georgia this Saturday, October 19, hometown heroes Spoon will play Longhorn City Limits on the LBJ Lawn. This free event will get underway at 2 pm with DJ Mel, who will then be followed by Hard Proof at 3:15 pm and Spoon at 4:30 pm. By the way, if you don’t have tickets to the game, you can stay after the show and watch it on the LBJ Lawn.
Alejandro Escovedo at Continental Club – October 23-25Longtime rocker Alejandro Escovedo is all set to record a live album, and it’ll be happening at Continental Club across three nights, October 23-25. On the support side of things, Cold Jackets will play the first gig; Barfield is on the second one; and Ghost Wolves will round out night three. Tickets for each show are $44.
Ghostland Observatory at Buck’s Backyard – Saturday, October 26Toss on your best costume and get to Buck’s Backyard in Buda on Saturday, October 26, for a Halloween party with electro-rockers Ghostland Observatory. Twin Seas will kick off the evening, and there will be an after party with DJ Benny. Tickets are $35.
Moondance Music Festival at the Far Out Lounge – Saturday, October 26Moondance Music Festival, which raises awareness and funds for the SIMS Foundation, will take place at the Far Out Lounge on Saturday, October 26. The lineup is a big one that features Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears, Emily Wolfe, Alesia Lani, and lots more. Tickets are $25 in advance, $30 the day of.
Mountain Time at Hotel Vegas – Saturday, October 26Chris Simpson of Mineral and the Gloria Record has readied a new album, Dream Homes, under his Mountain Time moniker, and he’ll be celebrating its release at Hotel Vegas on Saturday, October 26. Cheetah Cheetah will provide support. Tickets are $10. Also, this is an early show with doors at 6 pm and music starting at 7 pm.
Levitation – October 31-November 3If you’re in need of a good plan for Halloween weekend, then consider attending Levitation. The festival, which will be taking place across various venues around Austin, will kick off on October 31 and run through November 3. The lineup isn’t entirely local, but the fest was started by locals and there are a lot of great Austin acts on the bill, such as The Black Angels, The Sword, Annabelle Chairlegs, Die Spitz, Sailor Poon, Farmer’s Wife, and more. 4-day passes are available, or you can buy tickets to individual shows.
Monkey Move
Another quirky, longtime South Congress store has moved on from the historic street — but this time, it's reopening in another busy area nearby. After 20 years on SoCo, the toy and other fun things store Monkey See, Monkey Do! is now open at 2810 Menchaca Rd.
Two opening weekend celebrations will get things started. On Saturday, May 3, the store will start selling just-released Sonny Angels collectible figures. (Guests are encouraged to arrive early in case of a long line.) Then a Star Wars-themed party on May 4 invites guests in for free hot dogs and Lone Star beer. 
New Sonny Angels will be available May 3.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
The new location shares a triangular island of land between South Lamar Boulevard, Menchaca, and Barton Skyway with three other businesses: Papalote Taco House, ThunderCloud Subs, and the Soup Peddler. Foot traffic won't match the former tourist destinations, but Austinites pass this area often, especially if they live in South Austin.
A release sent by founder Brandon Hodge points out that Big Top Candy Shop, his store a few doors down on the same block, will not be relocating. It remains on South Congress Avenue, and Hodge teases some new candies and sodas to come.
Locals know there's a miasma of anxiety on South Congress about small businesses being pushed off the street. Hodge himself has raised the alarm as president of the South Congress Merchants Association. However, he intentionally sets a happy tone for talking about the move for Monkey See, Monkey Do! He emphasizes that it was a voluntary move.
“We are incredibly excited for this move,” said Hodge in the release. “With all due respect to our incredible culinary neighbors on South Congress, after two decades we have decided to explore new lunch options. While we will definitely miss having our fill of Gueros, Home Slice, and Magnolia Café every day, we felt it was high time to explore some of the menus South Lamar has to offer.”
Longtime store manager Steven Almaguer, is also looking forward to good eats, and paints a picture of what it was like to work in a tourist location.
On the one hand,” he said, "selling toy accordions and lava lamps to celebrities makes for an interesting workday, but on the other hand, we haven’t had a Thundercloud Subs right next door, so we’re really looking forward to being their new South Lamar neighbors.”  
Vintage toys are a big draw for many visitors.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
On a more serious note, Hodge does discuss the experience watching South Congress evolve.
“During our kitschy little toy shop’s two decades on South Congress, we have witnessed extraordinary changes to the surrounding retail landscape,” he said. “When we first got our start down here, we were drawn by the cheap rent and amazing community of scrappy upstart businesses that didn’t quite fit in anywhere else, and we made the best of it together.”
Nostalgia aside, this move could be great for local shoppers who don't want to brave South Congress. The new spot has free parking, and a playground across the street at Amy's Ice Creams offers another pit stop on a more relaxed outing.
If this all seems sudden to neighbors, it's because the store taken shape very quickly. The relocation was only announced in mid-April, and finishing touches that only went up a day or two before opening included a new sign and the recognizable "enlightened monkey" statue.
Operating hours at Monkey See, Monkey Do! are 11 am to 7 pm Mondays through Thursdays, 11 am to 9 pm Fridays and Saturdays, and 11 am to 7 pm Sundays.