As an Amazon Associate, we earn commission from qualifying purchases.
Star Citizen delivers the next generation of space flight simulation gaming, combining FPS (First Person Shooter) combat and persistent MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online) gameplay to create a living, breathing first person universe capable of truly unlimited gameplay experiences. In addition, through the game's advanced Newtonian physics engine, Star Citizen enables players to experience an unparalleled space sim flying experience with ship control, performance and response calculated based on dozens of dynamically generated physics based variables.
Star Citizen will not require a subscription, and not be free-to-play, it will will be available for a one-time purchase. And while players will be able to play in the Star Citizen universe for free, there will also be virtual items available for purchase with in-game credits so players can customize their ships and other items.
Citizens from all corners of the Stanton System are invited to the premier aerospace event in the galaxy, the annual Intergalactic Aerospace Expo (IAE), once again returning to New Babbage, microTech, from Nov. 22 - Dec. 5. A celebration of space flight, the vehicles and manufacturers that make it possible, and the important roles they perform for the United Empire of Earth, IAE 2954 highlights the limitless possibilities of life in the stars. The challenges that citizens will face as they venture into the Pyro system are immense, and IAE presents a perfect opportunity to test out new ships, refresh on the basics of survival in space, and prepare to boldly explore a new frontier.
IAE 2954 introduces the new “IAE Academy” system to further the training of new and returning pilots, active throughout the entire free fly event. Once players have completed the new player experience in their utilitarian Drake Cutter loaner ship they can rent any of the available ships to take on a series of missions including a bounty hunt, cargo hauling, mining, and visiting the IAE show floor themselves, to earn in-game UEC, IAE clothing, and an armor and weapon kit to jump-start their new life in space.
Attendees can look forward to an exciting show floor experience with new featured manufacturers every day, offering free rentals of their vehicles during their showcase. The annual event also marks the launch of four new ships flyable in-game immediately; Crusader’s Intrepid dreams big in a small and affordable package, RSI’s mighty Polaris capital ship debuts ready for its 12-crew complement, and Anvil Aerospace introduces the F7C-R recon and F7C-S stealth fighter variants expanding its popular and flexible line of small fighters.
Highlights for this year’s Star Citizen IAE 2954 event include: