The newlyweds slept on the carpet following their NYC honeymoon.
Chip and Joanna Gaines haven't always lived in their dreamy farmhouse that fans envy today. In fact, their life as newlyweds was far less glamorous. 
Chip and Joanna Gaines wed in 2003, and jetted off to New York City for their honeymoon celebration. In a recent appearance on The Kelly Clarkson Show, Joanna Gaines revealed that the couple spent all of their honeymoon fund on a stay at The Drake Hotel, but what they came home to was nothing short of the polar opposite of that experience. 
Chip and Joanna shared all the nitty gritty details of their first home together on the show, and it was anything but ideal. "Early on I would buy these houses and [Joanna] would throw a temper tantrum. I would bring her to this house and it was a total no-brainer. Obviously, it needed some work I understand that," Chip said. 
"No, most people would be upset," Joanna retorted. Kelly Clarkson quickly revealed the worst part of the deal. "You lived in them while you were doing them?" she asked. "Thank you Kelly, yes," Joanna replied. 
Chip and Joanna went on to describe the home and all of its shortcomings, and their less than ideal sleeping arrangements. "We get back [from our honeymoon], he had bought this house that I did cry about. The electricity was shut off, college athletes had lived in the house that semester before. It was June in Texas heat, if you can imagine, and they had had all these indoor pets," Joanna explained. "I can still smell this house," Chip added. While Joanna chimed in, "We slept on the carpet." 
"That is a unique adventure that I never want to be a part of," Kelly joked. Obviously, Chip and Joanna's housing situation has dramatically improved since these dark days, but who can blame Joanna for crying?
Maggie Horton is the Associate News Editor at Country Living. She covers all things entertainment from celebrity news to TV shows and movies. When she's not posting to social media, researching the latest celebrity gossip or binging the hottest new TV series, you can find her at a local concert or outside enjoying nature. 
Lainey Wilson Scores Feature Film Debut
How to Watch the 2025 Kentucky Derby
Beach Instagram Captions to Seas the Day
Kate Middleton Has a New Lighter Hair Color
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Shania Twain Fans Say She's "Glowing" in New Photo
Rare Photos of Every Triple Crown Winner
Funny Birthday Wishes, Knee Slaps Guaranteed
The Best Mother's Day Messages for the Best Mom
Short Mother-Daughter Quotes to Touch Her Heart
Trisha Yearwood Announces "New Chapter"
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.