By ISHITA SRIVASTAVA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:02, 19 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:32, 21 June 2024   
View  comments
An Arkansas man who is suspected of killing three people in Oklahoma is being sought by police who have issued an urgent warning to the public. 
Stacy Lee Drake, 50, was last seen outside a motel in Morrilton about an hour drive northwest of Little Rock, according to the Arkansas State Police. 
Cops say he is wanted in connection with three deaths which occurred during two different car jackings. 
He is also wanted on multiple felony warrants from varying jurisdictions, with charges including aggravated robbery, carjacking, and murder. 
Stacy Lee Drake, 50, is believed to be 'armed and dangerous' and was last seen outside a motel in Morrilton, Arkansas, about an hour drive northwest of Little Rock, according to the Arkansas State Police
Drake's last known address was in Birmingham, Arkansas and authorities have asked the public to not approach him and call 911 immediately if they see him
Drake's last known address was in Birmingham, Arkansas. 
Police believe he is 'armed and dangerous' and authorities have asked the public not to approach him. 
He has been described as a 5-foot-11 White male with brown hair and eyes, weighing around 185 pounds. 
If anyone sees Drake, they are asked to call 911 immediately. 
He has been described as a 5-foot-11 White male with brown hair and eyes, weighing around 185 pounds
Sequoyah County Sheriff's Office deputies responded to an emergency call made from a business near State Highway 64 and South 4670 Road in Oklahoma. 
On arrival, they found the dead bodies of a man and woman - who have not yet been identified. 
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation later confirmed that both the victims 'sustained injuries consistent with homicide'. 
As officials began investigating, they identified Drake as a person of interest and the vehicle he allegedly stole was located in Morrilton last night, the OBSI further said. 
Both victims were taken to the Office of the Oklahoma Chief Medical Examiner to be identified and determine their cause of death. 
Officials believe that Drake is still in the Morrilton area as of now. 
DailyMail.com has contacted the Arkansas State Police for more information. 

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group