Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Everything To Know About CT Sun Before WNBA Preseason Opener
Joe Mazzulla Updates Celtics Starter's Status Against Knicks
MLB Execs Heap Massive Praise On 'Impressive' Red Sox Rookie
How Fleet Can Clinch Playoff Spot In PWHL Season Finale
The Patriots whiffed on acquiring a star wide receiver last offseason, which left plenty of room for someone internally to step up. That someone could be Kayshon Boutte.
The 2023 sixth-round pick was an afterthought in training camp and was considered a possible cut candidate. But New England kept him on the roster, and he started to gain more playing time. The 22-year-old rewarded the coaching staff’s faith in him by hauling in a 40-yard touchdown grab last Sunday. It was the first touchdown of his and Drake Maye’s careers, and his hard work was not lost on offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt.
“I’m so proud of him for his perseverance,” Van Pelt told reporters Thursday, per Zack Cox of the Boston Herald.
Boutte’s career seemed to be on the ropes when he was arrested for alleged illegal gambling. The LSU product moved past that, and he’s worked hard for the opportunities he’s received. The wide receiver even called for more from the offense after his Week 6 performance.
The second-year wide receiver’s role seems secured with faith from the Patriots coaching staff. And he could end up being a favorite target of Maye’s as their chemistry continues to build.
Story continues below advertisement
Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Featured image via Eric Canha/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network