I don't like to use pesticides if I can avoid it, but this time of the year I usually begin to regret my decision. At least for a few weeks each spring and fall my house becomes covered top to bottom with the annoying, rather smelly, and overall off-putting boxelder bug. I mean those 3 things are bad enough, but then figure in all the excess (and staining) bug poop that has to be hosed off of, well... everything.
This common occurrence happens each autumn as boxelder bugs migrate to the south side of trees and houses in search of warm spaces to overwinter. Additionally, they will attempt to breach the exterior of your home, meaning you may find them trying to take up residence in your comfy home.
Boxelder bugs aren’t exactly what you’d call charismatic. They’re about half an inch long, sport a slick black suit with red or orange racing stripes, and have a knack for making themselves at home—your home, that is. They’re named after their favorite tree, the boxelder, but they’re not picky. Maple and ash trees? Sure, they’ll take those, too (I have 4 HUGE maples). They spend their summers feasting on seeds and leaves like they’re at an all-you-can-eat buffet, but come fall, they’re looking for a winter retreat. Cue the mass migration to your place.
Imagine you’re a boxelder bug. It’s getting cold, and you’re thinking, “Hey, let’s find somewhere warm to crash until spring.” You and a few thousand of your closest friends spot a nice sunny wall, maybe a little crack by a window, and boom—Air BNB for bugs. Before you know it, your house is swarming with these little guys, who are just trying to find a cozy crack or crevice to hibernate in.
You’ve got options here, and no, “burn the house down” isn’t one of them. Let’s look at some of the most effective (and mildly entertaining) ways to make your home less appealing to these unwanted houseguests:
Deploy the Diatomaceous Earth Defense: All it takes is a fine, talc-like powder made from fossilized algae that’s deadly to boxelder bugs but totally safe for humans and pets. Sprinkle it around the base of trees, your home’s perimeter, and any cracks or entry points. It dehydrates the bugs (think boxelder jerky). Just make sure to reapply after it rains, or when the bugs inevitably stage their comeback tour in spring.
Water Blasting for Fun and Frustration: Got a garden hose or power washer and some pent-up rage? Great! Blast those boxelder bug clusters right off your walls. It’s a temporary fix—they’ll probably come crawling back—but it’s deeply satisfying to watch them scatter. Plus, you'll get a head start on cleaning the bug poop off your house.
Vacuum Up the Problem: For those stray bugs that have already infiltrated your home, a vacuum cleaner is your best friend. Suck them up from floors, windowsills, and walls, then immediately take out the bag, unless you want a surprise reunion later. Pro tip: don’t squish them—they leave a stain that’s basically a permanent reminder of your bug battle, not to mention their smell. By the way, that permanent stain is similar to the reddish-orange turds the bug leaves behind, which can also stain!
DIY Bug-Be-Gone Spray: Channel your inner mad scientist with a homemade concoction of liquid dish soap and water. Spritz any bugs you see inside your home, and watch them meet their soapy demise. It’s cheap, chemical-free, and it lets you play bug terminator without any guilt.
Here’s the silver lining: boxelder bugs don’t bite, don’t spread diseases, and they don’t even reproduce indoors. They’re just annoying squatters who leave a stinky mess if you squash them. Their biggest crime? Bad manners. and that's why, prevention is key.
The best way to keep these bugs from turning your house into a winter resort is to seal up entry points. We’re talking caulk, door sweeps and seals, and repairs to any window screens they might see as a welcome mat. If they can’t get in, they’ll have to look elsewhere for their winter getaway. Maybe the neighbor’s house? Just kidding... kind of...
Basically, boxelder bugs are like that one cousin who shows up every year unannounced and then crashes on your couch for two weeks, but hey at least he poops in the toilet. Well, it's time to battle these unapproved "house painters." Now go forth Iowans, and reclaim your homes from these buggy invaders. And remember, no matter how many boxelder bugs are clinging to your house, they’re still not as annoying as our Iowa winter.
Gallery Credit: Andrea Vale
Gallery Credit: Stacker