By
Rihanna will have to make room for some more diamond plaques soon. The pop star recently earned four more diamond certifications via The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) — bringing her total number to seven. Among the songs selected are her and Jay-Z’s “Umbrella,” and “Work,” featuring Drake and Anti‘s “Needed Me” and 2012’s “Stay.”
The Fenty founder hopped on X to share the news, reposting a congratulatory graphic that Roc Nation dedicated to her. “Ain’t no back n forth,” Rihanna wrote in the post’s caption. Along with the four new diamond certifications and “Diamonds” added last month, Rihanna’s 2010 song “Love the Way You Lie” with Eminem (certified on May 9, 2013) and 2011 single “We Found Love” round out her extensive collection. It’s been nearly a decade since Rihanna released her last project, 2016’s Anti. 
ain’t no back n forth pic.twitter.com/hXnIN7ZGap
In other news, when the singer and entrepreneur isn’t breaking records she’s on mommy duty. She shares two children — RZA and Riot — with A$AP Rocky. In a recent interview, she expressed interest in having more children. “I don’t know what God wants, but I would go for more than two. I would try for my girl. But of course, if it’s another boy, it’s another boy.” The singer reveals that COVID-19 allowed her to reflect on motherhood before giving birth to RZA in 2022. 
“I felt like god knew we needed [it] because we were going to start a family,” Ri said. “And had it not been for COVID, we would’ve taken a lot more time to get comfortable with each other, to even know that we were ready.” The singer added, “We didn’t even really talk about [having kids]. There was no denying it. It was the best thing that ever happened to us. It just happened.”
Rihanna says she “let God and let go” because of her past relationships: “[In the past], I tried and tried and tried my best, and you still feel like it’s not enough. So when someone sees you completely, believes in you, and thinks you’re worthy of being the mother of their kids, it’s a great feeling. I felt the same about him. I knew he would be a great dad.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97