Kirk Cousins can sling the rock with the best of em, but he's yet to prove he can win the big one. With the Vikings seemingly in limbo are they ready to change direction, or do they believe Kirk is the one to bring them to the promised land?
Kirk Cousins has provided us with several viral moments throughout his career, but one thing he can't seem to deliver is a big-time win in the playoffs. Despite always somewhat being in the Super Bowl odds mix, he's never actually gotten close to landing the big one.
Cousins was on pace to have one of his best statistical seasons in 2023, but an injury midway through the campaign put an end to that — and possibly his time with the Minnesota Vikings as well.
It's hard to imagine how good a 35-year-old QB will be coming off a torn Achilles, so what will Minnesota do? I break down the NFL odds surrounding Kirk Cousins' next team to try and paint a brighter picture of where we can expect to see Captain Kirk in 2024.
Odds as of February 14, 2024.
 New UsersWager $5 on any marketGet $200 if it wins! Claim Now
 New UsersBet $5 on any wagerGet $158 in bonus bets! Claim Now
Eligible USA locations only. Also, see our full list of best sportsbook promotions for 2024.21+. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Kirk Cousins will be 36 years old the next time he plays a regular season game in the NFL, and, to make matters worse, he'll be doing it after rehabbing a torn Achilles. Despite the Minnesota Vikings' 4-4 record, Cousins registered 2,331 passing yards and 18 touchdown passes before he went down with the injury. There's no doubt he can still sling the rock, but does Minnesota want him in purple come next season?
Cousins will be a free agent this summer and has a clause worked into his contract where he can't be franchise-tagged, so if he and the Vikes can't reach an agreement, Captain Kirk will be taking the USS Enterprise elsewhere.
Minnesota opened as the hefty favorite to retain Cousins' services, quite simply because he may be their best option. The Vikings went 3-6 the rest of the way without him, and Joshua Dobbs, Nick Mullens, nor Jaren Hall lit the world on fire with their given chances.
One big thing that could drive Cousins to be kept in Minnesota is the words of star receiver Justin Jefferson. JJ has always defended Cousins publicly, and he's also made it clear to the Vikings that he wants to know what the plans at QB are before he signs there long-term.
Jefferson's wishes mixed with Cousins thriving in Kevin O'Connell's system could be the winning recipe for the 35-year-old QB to make his return to Minny this offseason.
After years of Arthur Smith wasting young offensive talent, the Atlanta Falcons decided to make the change at HC — and they could be in store for a change at QB as well.
The Desmond Ridder experiment fizzled out in 2023, and the Falcons are sitting on a plethora of weapons. Kyle Pitts, Bijan Robinson, Drake London, the list goes on. Bringing in Cousins to mentor this young team could do wonders for them like it did Jefferson, and it gives Atlanta the opportunity for the 24-year-old Ridder to learn under a QB nearing the twilight of his career.
The New England Patriots had the defense to make the playoffs last year, but boy was that offense so far behind. Mac Jones and Bailey Zappe stunk up the joint and there was little to no punch in the receiving corps. While Cousins would definitely be an upgrade to what the Pats had in 2023, this move doesn't make sense if they're looking to rebuild.
The only way I see Cousins making his way to Foxborough is if New England uses their No. 3 pick to draft Marvin Harrison Jr., so the star WR has someone capable of throwing him the ball.
If Minnesota is willing to have him back, then Cousins will be a Viking come the 2024 season. He's a family man who doesn't look like he wants to uproot his life, and the Cousins/O'Connell duo has looked dynamite offensively for the first 1.5 seasons. 
With the injury concerns coming into play, I could see the two sides agreeing on a "prove it" one-year contract and hopefully Minnesota can designate some money to help out this defense.
Stay updated with the latest picks, odds, and news! Tap the  to add us to your favorites on Google News to never miss a story.
Kyle LaRusic joined Covers in 2020 with a Holland College diploma in Journalism and a Mount Saint Vincent Degree in Public Relations. Stints at Amherst News and the Cape Breton Post helped sharpen his skills in a newsroom setting, while working for MSVU and Dalhousie’s athletic departments landed Kyle in his comfort zone.
Kyle has been an avid bettor for over five years, starting with just one Sports Interaction account before discovering both the beauty and importance of price shopping. bet365 and Pinnacle are his go to books, but accounts at 10+ sportsbooks give him an array of options. “Rusty” will bet on anything under the sun as long as there’s value and good reasoning behind it, but NHL and NFL are his two favorite leagues to watch and wager on — especially with friends.
Kyle’s biggest tip for any bettor is simple: gamble responsibly. Only bet what you’re willing to lose and make sure to install a proper bankroll method to keep track of your ROI. If you’re still dwelling on the amount you lost the next day, it’s time to decrease your spending.

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.