Justin Gonzalez makes a tackle on defense last Friday. Gonzalez and the Senators bested Spring Creek, 35-14, to start the season 2-0 Friday night. It marks the first 2-0 start to a season for Carson since 2012.
        
          
            Photo by Carter Eckl.
          
        
      
By Carter Eckl


          
            Published: Friday, August 23, 2024
            Updated:Friday, August 23, 2024
          
        

Carson High School football gave up the first points of the game, but responded with 31 unanswered points en route to a 34-15 win over Spring Creek Friday night on the road. 
Defense was once again the name of the game for Carson in the win.
"Our defense has been amazing. We have five interceptions in our first two games, seven turnovers tonight," said Carson head coach Ryan Boshard. "They (the players) are jacked. I love their little bit of swagger today."
Friday night's picks came courtesy of JT Heaton, Riley Loff and Kekoa Mitchell. 
With a 21-7 lead, Carson was able to jump up three scores after Christian Rey recovered a fumble on defense and returned it roughly 65 yards for a score. 
It marks the second defensive scoop-and-score in as many games for the Senators. 
On top of the Rey fumble recovery, Ean Thomas and Heaton also had fumble recoveries while Johnathan Alvarado and Calden Wilcox were credited with forced fumbles. 
Spring Creek was able to score one more touchdown and convert a 2-point conversion, but the Senators sealed the game with two field goals off the leg of Drake Hardcastle from 45 and 19 yards. 
OPENING HALF
The Senators fumbled their opening possession, allowing the Spartans to start with seven points. 
Carson quickly answered with a touchdown of its own. Zack Eaton caught the second touchdown of the game for the Senators, putting them up 14-7.
Right before the end of the first half, Hardcastle threw his second touchdown on a lofted pass to Ethan Hendee right before the buzzer.
Carson leads Spring Creek 21-7 at the half. Senators closed the half with a touchdown connection from Drake Hardcastle to Ethan Hendee. Video courtesy Carson AD Thomas Reymer. pic.twitter.com/ZkWdUdYzqZ— Carter Eckl (@CarterEckl) August 24, 2024 
Carson leads Spring Creek 21-7 at the half. Senators closed the half with a touchdown connection from Drake Hardcastle to Ethan Hendee. Video courtesy Carson AD Thomas Reymer. pic.twitter.com/ZkWdUdYzqZ
It gave Carson a 21-7 lead, heading into the halftime locker room. 
"We had our moments. Our passing game was good. We gave Drake some nice time," said Boshard. "We didn't finish with a ton of offensive yardage, but when we had it, we moved the ball."
UP NEXT: Carson (2-0) will have an even longer road trip this coming Saturday, trekking out to Pocatello, Idaho to take on Highland High School (1-0).
AREA SCORES
Carson 34, Spring Creek 15
Elko 18, Douglas 16
Fallon 28, North Valleys 0
Wooster 20, Sparks 19 (OT)
Reed 28, Del Oro 14
Union Mine 29, McQueen 20
Galena 29, Chavez 6
El Capitan 52, Hug 0
Shadow Ridge 28, Spanish Springs 20
All materials contained on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of Eagle Valley Publishing. 
Please review our Terms and Conditions and  Privacy Policy