Filed under:
Can you count the teams on one hand?
Kyle Shanahan. Top tier coach. The one hurdle to climb is finishing in the Super Bowl. Regardless of your feelings about him, the league regards him highly, and the Shanahan system spreads throughout the NFL. Shanahan’s influence and coaching tree grows by the year. 
Here is a question: How many teams would fire their current coach for Shanahan if he became available?
Let me be very clear. Shanahan isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. This is just a fun exercise during the offseason. Let’s go team by team and decide if a team would move on from their current coach for Shanahan. 
AFC East
Buffalo 
Sean McDermott and the Bills have gotten close to toppling the Chiefs and the AFC. The Bills are contenders year in and out, primarily because of Josh Allen. I’ll say yes. The Bills would pair Shanahan with athletic freak Allen to try and climb the mountain. 
Miami
While I believe Shanahan is a better coach than Mike McDaniel, I find it hard to believe they will replace Kyle with Mike, considering the offense and culture they have built. I wouldn’t blame them for keeping Mike, but Shanahan is the better coach. I’ll say no. 
Jets
The Jets have lifted the 49ers and Shanahan blueprint on offense. Robert Saleh has been snake-bitten by injuries and poor QB play, but Shanahan would step right in for Saleh. Plus, Shanahan would finally get Aaron Rodgers to run his offense with their young weapons. I’ll say yes. 
Patriots
Jerrod Mayo is stepping into some big shoes, filling in for Bill Belichick. The Patriots are in a full-blown rebuild, but Shanahan has experience with this situation, considering 2017 was a very similar situation. I’ll say yes, plus Drake Maye would receive the full Shanahan quarterback stimulus package. 
AFC North
Baltimore
John Harbaugh. I’ll say no here. Although, it would be fun to imagine Lamar Jackson in a Shanahan running system with Derrick Henry. I doubt the Ravens move on from their long-time head coach. 
Cleveland
Kevin Stefanski won Coach of the Year last season after winning with four different quarterbacks. That’s no easy feat, but Shanahan knows that struggle and would be an upgrade over Stefanski. I’ll say yes. 
Pittsburgh
Before Mike Tomlin’s contract extension, I would have said this was more of a possibility than anyone could have expected. Tomlin has never had a losing season as a head coach, which is impressive, but there was a sense that fans were tiring of that fact and not competing for an AFC title. I’ll say no after the contract extension.
Cincinnati
Zac Taylor has gone to a Super Bowl and is a Shanahan disciple. I have a hard time believing the Bengals wouldn’t replace Taylor with Shanahan and hand Joe Burrow and Ja’Marr Chase over to Mike’s son. I’ll say yes. 
AFC South
Houston
DeMeco Ryans is cooking in Houston. They have quickly turned that organization around with the help of rookie sensation C.J. Stroud. Bobby Slowik is running the offense and is a former 49ers coach. I’ll say no. The Texans continue with what they have built under the second-year head coach. 
Jacksonville
Doug Pederson does have a Super Bowl win under his belt. However, the Jaguars would jump at the chance to hire Shanahan, with Trevor Lawrence entering the prime of his career. I’ll say yes.
Indianapolis
Shane Steichen flashed the team’s potential with Anthony Richardson before his season-ending injury. This is another situation where continuity is important, or is having a better head coach more important? I’ll say yes, the Colts would hire Shanahan. 
Tennessee
Mike Vrabel is out for the first time in a long time. Brian Callahan spent his last few years with Taylor in Cincinnati, so there will be Shanahan influence. This is a resounding yes for a team that is rebuilding. 
AFC West
Kansas City
Nope. Andy Reid. Not much to discuss here. 
Las Vegas
Antonio Pierce injected life into the Raiders when he took over for Josh McDaniels. However, this is a yes. Again, the Raiders are rebuilding and will take Shanahan every day and twice on Sundays. 
Denver
The Broncos’ situation is tricky. Sean Payton has total control of the organization, but his first season was less than ideal. I believe Shanahan is a better coach at this moment, but I’ll say no. Denver sticks with their plan.
Los Angeles Chargers
Nope. The Chargers moved heaven and earth to bring in Jim Harbaugh. Time will tell if Harbaugh can recapture the magic from his time in San Francisco, but I doubt the Chargers abandon their plan for Shanahan. I’ll say no. 
NFC East
Dallas
Of course, the answer is yes. Mike McCarthy is still in charge, but there is no doubt this team would benefit from Shanahan. I chuckled at the idea of Jerry Jones immediately firing McCarthy and tossing him out like Uncle Phil would Jazzy Jeff for Shanahan.
Philadelphia
Despite the confidence the organization is showing in Nick Sirianni, the answer is yes. The Eagles are still a talented team, but Shanahan would be an instant upgrade. I wonder what Big Dom would think about this move. 
Giants
Brian Daboll? A resounding yes. Shanahan would instantly replace the former coach of the year. The question becomes how quickly would Daniel Jones find himself in the doghouse. 
Washington
Adam Peters is the leader of the ship now in Washington and hired Dan Quinn. Would Washington move Quinn out for Shanahan? I’ll say yes. Shanahan takes more heat for the Atlanta Super Bowl loss than Quinn for some reason. If Quinn’s defense gets one stop, he has a Lombardi and gets all the credit. Atlanta’s defense folded, and Shanahan got all the blame. Odd. 
NFC North
Detroit
While I believe Shanahan is a better coach than Dan Campbell, I’ll say no. The Lions have built a great roster and culture and will likely choose continuity over bringing in Shanahan. It is fun to imagine pairing Shanahan and OC Ben Johnson, but the Lions would stand pat. 
Green Bay
I feel just about the same with Shanahan and Matt LaFleur. Shanahan is the better coach, but LaFleur has built a winning program and worked wonders with Jordan Love. I’ll say no. 
Minnesota
Kevin O’Connell is an underrated coach, in my opinion. As a former quarterback, O’Connell understands the position very well and spent time in Los Angeles with Sean McVay. I’ll say yes. Minnesota chooses the better coach to help them with their young quarterback. Plus, we all know how much Shanahan loves Sam Darnold. 
Chicago
Shanahan inherits Caleb Williams, Keenan Allen, Rome Odunze, D.J. Moore, Cole Kmet, and D’Andre Swift. The answer is yes. Chicago putting this offense in the hands of a defensive head coach is a flat-out mistake. 
NFC South
Tampa Bay
Todd Bowles has done a great job in Tampa Bay, but Shanahan would replace the former 49er player in an instant. The Bucs were a playoff team last season and even won a playoff game, so Shanahan doesn’t have to rebuild. I’ll say yes. 
New Orleans
Dennis Allen remaining as head coach was a head-scratcher. Allen hasn’t won many games during his tenure. I’ll say yes, Shanahan replaces Allen, but how much patience will Shanahan have with Derek Carr? 
Carolina
Dave Canales became the seventh Panthers head coach this offseason, but Bryce Young would benefit from Shanahan’s coaching. I’ll say yes, even before Canales coaches his first preseason game. 
Atlanta
Does Shanahan get to coach Kirk Cousins? Sorry, Raheem Morris, Shanahan takes over. I’ll say yes.
NFC West
Los Angeles Rams
I’ll say no. McVay has what Shanahan is missing and has a great job keeping the Rams in the mix despite their lack of early-round picks. Shanahan would love to work with Matthew Stafford, who he famously pursued before trading up to number three, but the Rams stick with McVay.
Seattle
Mike McDonald has the potential to be a very good head coach. After a successful season as the Ravens defensive coordinator, the Seahawks decided to move on from long-time head coach Pete Carroll. However, Seattle would move McDonald for Shanahan. I’ll say yes. 
Arizona
Although it didn’t translate to many wins, the Cardinals were improved under Jonathan Gannon. The 2017 49ers come to mind when I think about the Cardinals as a team that competed in many games but didn’t know how to finish games out. Arizona feels like it is turning the corner, and it would be tough to change the culture, but yes, they would hire Shanahan. 
How many teams would replace their coach with Shanahan? By my count, 21 teams would hire Shanahan in a blink. What are your thoughts? Which teams would stick with their guy or get rid of them regardless of situation and continuity?
For my discussion with Guy Haberman about the Shanahan discussion, check out the video below:
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.