Filed under:
The Denver Broncos have been in QB limbo since the retirement of Peyton Manning and have opted not to draft a QB in the first round since Paxton Lynch; can the team afford to pass once more?
Two of the AFC’s best QBs, MVP front-runner Lamar Jackson of the Baltimore Ravens and Josh Allen of the Buffalo Bills, will be participating in the playoffs this weekend in hopes of advancing their team to the AFC Championship game. 
The Denver Broncos had the chance to draft both players and passed, instead drafting Bradley Chubb, a pass rushing specialist who produced one good season for the team enough to warrant a first-round pick in a trade.
Perhaps John Elway, President of Football Operations at the time and the man in charge of picks, got cold feet after drafting two straight busts in Brock Osweiler and Paxton Lynch. Still, though, seeing those two become superstars when Denver could have had either stings just a bit.
As most are well aware, there has been a bit of a QB problem for the Broncos since the retirement of Peyton Manning. The team has run through QBs like cheap beer at a frat party.  And just like at the end of said frat party, no one has been left feeling good.
Now that the Russell Wilson experiment, a stupidly pricey experiment, is all but over, the team will almost certainly be looking at yet another new starting QB. Sean Payton has expressed his admiration of Jarrett Stidham in the past, but can he really be relied on to be the carrier of the QB torch?
The team picks 12th in the 2024 NFL Draft, meaning that without a costly trade up, they aren’t going to get a safe bet at QB should they choose to pick one there. So the question becomes, how desperate is the team for fresh blood at the position? 
Outside of Caleb Williams, Drake Maye, and Jayden Daniels, every QB in the draft is not exactly a prototype of a franchise altering signal caller. The Broncos, though, are in dire need of a franchise player at the position, so can they afford to pass up the opportunity? Or should they play the waiting game one more year?
The good news is that the Broncos will have more draft capital to work with in terms of trades, etc. in the 2025 draft, but the bad (or good news on the field) news, draft wise, is that Sean Payton is a good enough coach to get a guy like Stidham to lead the team to 8-10 wins. So once again, the team will more than likely be on the outside looking in when it comes to selecting a franchise QB. Albeit, they will have more assets in the event of a trade up.
Quinn Ewers of Texas, Shedeur Sanders of Colorado, and Drew Allar of Penn State all could be potential QBs the Broncos could target in the ‘25 Draft, should they want to. All come with question marks as well as of now but could develop enough in a year to warrant “franchise” type attention. Would it be better for the Broncos to draft best player available, roll with STidham, and hope to hit the jackpot on QB in 2025?
Or has the patience run thin? Is Broncos Country, and the Broncos front office, so fed up with short term solutions and overpriced vets, that they feel the need for a QB surpasses any other need the team has?
The Broncos weren’t great this year, but they weren’t bad enough to find themselves in position to draft a player that can be an immediate fix to the offense. 
Therefore, for the next few months, monitoring the QB prospects in this draft will, at the very least, be worth the time if not so much to get one’s hopes up.
This poll is closed
Mile High Morning: ESPN ranks CB Pat Surtain II, T Garett Bolles on 100-player MVP ballotSurtain and Bolles ranked 42nd and 52nd, respectively, on ESPN's Seth Walder's list of the top 100 MVP candidates from 2023.
Pat Surtain II's top plays from the 2023 seasonWatch some of cornerback Pat Surtain II's top plays from the 2023 season.
Best Broncos photos of 2023: Favorite feature picturesAfter the conclusion of the Denver Broncos' 2023 season, team photographers selected their favorite photos that captured the emotions, passion and focus of Broncos players.
2024 NFL divisional round bold predictions: Jordan Love, Packers stun 49ers; Josh Allen goes nuclear on Chiefs - CBSSports.comHere are five bold predictions for the divisional round of the NFL playoffs
2024 NFL Mock Draft: Seahawks start over with first-year coach, rookie QB; Jets get steal to round out top 10 - CBSSports.comTen offensive linemen are projected to be taken in the first round
Bill Belichick meets with Falcons for second interview; Arthur Blank all in on landing ex-Patriots coach - CBSSports.comThe Falcons still have Rooney Rule obligations to fulfill
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.