She's suing him for breach of contract after he allegedly agreed to let her purchase the home.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Draya Michele is suing her ex-boyfriend Tyrod Taylor for allegedly breaching a verbal contract that would allow her to purchase his home that she stays in. 

	According to the model and entrepreneur, Taylor allegedly backed out of an agreement, upped the purchase price, and has threatened to evict her.

	Per TMZ, Michele claims that when they were dating, the former Jets quarterback purchased a home in August 2022 and agreed that one day she could buy it from him if she chose to stay there. Additionally, she says he agreed to include any improvements to the property or mortgage payments in the purchase price. 

	










	Per the court documents, Michele claims she offered the 34-year-old $2.8 million for the home, to which he countered it with an offer of $3.2 million at the top of the year. She apparently agreed to the new price and even invested almost $300,000 into the property, but has now claimed that he doesn’t want to sell it to her anymore, and has threatened to evict her from the home. 

	The mother of three is suing for breach of contract and is asking for unspecified damages.

	Taylor hasn’t directly addressed the ongoing legal battle, but did take to Instagram with a subliminal post apparently regarding Michele. With lyrics from Kendrick Lamar’s Drake diss “Euphoria,” it screen-grabbed: “Know you a master manipulator and a habitual liar, too/ But don’t tell no lie about me and I won’t tell truths ’bout you.”

	Taylor and Michele dated back in 2020 before breaking up in 2023. Since then, the Mint Swim owner has recently given birth to a baby girl with 22-year-old Houston Rockets star, Jalen Green. The pair spoke on the criticism of their 17-year age gap while speaking with TMZ this month.

	“I don’t know what people’s problem is,” she said. “Two adults being in love, I don’t know why that would rub people the wrong way. It’s kind of weird. Love is love at the end of the day.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.