Drawer
Search The Points Guy
Planning a family vacation can often feel as complicated and frustrating as solving a Rubik's Cube. To simplify the process, we often gravitate toward the tried-and-true theme parks with their promise of endless entertainment (and endless lines) or resorts splashed with kiddie pools and ice-cream buffets. Though these places are fantastic for wearing out youngsters, they can sometimes leave the adults wanting something more.
Avoid the cliche tourist traps and instead embark on an educational adventure that offers thrills for the kids and genuine enjoyment for adults. From Zambia's wild plains to Antarctica's icy shores, these unexpected locales for a family vacation provide enriching experiences that cater to all ages. Ready to break free from the ordinary? Here are some surprising adventure vacations to take with your family.
Las Vegas is not just casinos and nightlife: Sin City during the day can be surprisingly wholesome, especially if you explore Red Rock Canyon, which is just a 20-minute drive west of the Strip. This national conservation area has several shorter hiking trails kids can handle, like Lost Creek Trail that's less than a mile out and back. Once you've had your fill of nature,  Las Vegas also has kid-friendly spots like the Discovery Children's Museum downtown, with interactive science and art exhibits, and the Shark Reef Aquarium at Mandalay Bay. Several other hotels cater to families, too. Circus Circus Hotel & Casino (with rates as low at $38 per night) has an amusement park, splash pad and free circus acts. Meanwhile, the Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas (rates from around $355 per night) is one of the only hotels without a casino and provides complimentary kids amenities like access to games, books, diapers, baby bathtubs and more.
Related: 14 family-friendly hotels in Las Vegas for a winning vacation
Instead of booking a typical beach vacation, dive into Darwin's playground in the Galapagos Islands for an interactive science lesson kids will be so captivated by they won't even realize they're learning. One of the best ways to explore this unique archipelago is via a cruise. When we took our son there, we opted for a cruise with Lindblad Expeditions, which handled all the travel details, allowing us to jump straight into adventures like snorkeling with playful sea lions. Yes, the cruises can be pricey, with rates starting at around $6,437 per person, but there are reduced rates for kids. While there is no minimum age with Lindblad on their family cruises, other companies require kids to be at least 7 years old. My son, Wilder, was 4 at the time, and has fond memories of kayaking, snorkeling with us (he held on to us with floats on), learning to drive the tender boat and going on easy hikes. "I loved when the sea lions blew bubbles in my face when we went swimming," said Wilder, now 6. "And getting my boating license was fun."
Alternatively, if you prefer to stay on land and save some money, Hotel Indigo Galapagos provides a fantastic base for about $365 or 75,000 IHG One Rewards points per night. No matter what you choose, witnessing your kid's wide-eyed wonder as they encounter these creatures up close is a worthwhile experience.
Antarctica is truly the ultimate "cool" destination for adventurous families, both literally and figuratively. It's not every day you can whisk your kids off to the end of the world. While still costly, with rates starting around $6,000 per person, cruising is the most budget-friendly way of getting there. And some cruise lines like Hurtigruten, Quark and Lindblad are more kid-friendly than others because they offer special guide books and crafts, and some even let kids sail for free. Your children won't just see penguins; they'll learn about their habitats, understand the effects of climate change in real time and even dabble in junior glaciology. Think of it as a gigantic, icy classroom where every lesson is an adventure, no textbooks are required and the only tests are the awe-inspiring sights of icebergs and wildlife. This once-in-a-lifetime trip might seem extravagant, but the educational returns are as vast as the Antarctic landscape.
Because this is a long trip, some cruise lines have minimum age limits of 8, while others don't have any. To avoid the rough waters of the Drake Passage with children, some cruise lines offer the somewhat pricier option of flying to the continent and then getting on a cruise.
California's Napa Valley, widely celebrated for its world-class wines and scenic vineyards, is also a fantastic destination for family fun. With its laid-back pace, Napa Valley is a breath of fresh air for families eager to explore and unwind together in a picturesque setting. The valley offers much more than just wine tasting (there's juice tasting for the young ones, too, at spots like Castello di Amorosa). Families can enjoy scenic bike rides through the rolling vineyards, for a touch of adventure in a serene landscape. Additionally, the Napa Valley Wine Train provides an educational and relaxing journey through the heart of wine country, complete with historical insights and beautiful views. Select packages offer special rates for children, and while there's no children's menu on board, menu items can be adapted for younger palates.
By signing up, you will receive newsletters and promotional content and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
As far as where to stay, Carneros Resort and Spa (rates from around $730 per night) has a family-friendly pool with kid-sized pool chairs, and Calistoga Motor Lodge & Spa, a JdV by Hyatt hotel (rates from around $220 or 21,000 World of Hyatt points per night) has hula hoops on hand and poolside games like cornhole.
When I wanted to go to Scotland for my son's spring break in April, he and my husband weren't the most excited. But it turns out it's a destination that transforms family vacations into an adventure straight out of a storybook. In the majestic Highlands, hotels like Gleneagles (rates from around $722 per night) are playgrounds where kids can participate in activities like horseback riding and falconry. It's like Hogwarts without the homework. With its dedicated kids clubs and many activities, this hotel ensures that kids are entertained, engaged and maybe even a bit educated (but shh, don't tell them that part!) while parents are pampered at the spa or enjoying a round of golf. "The life-sized chutes and ladder game in the kids club was my favorite," my son Wilder said.
The adventure continues in Edinburgh: From the mysterious allure of Edinburgh Castle looming over the city to the hands-on exhibits at the National Museum of Scotland, there's enough to keep any family busy and bewitched. And don't overlook the tales of Greyfriars Bobby, the loyal dog, or the magical corners that inspired Harry Potter.
Related: How to spend 1 day in Edinburgh
Taking your kids on a safari in Africa is not as daunting as it sounds. Whether in the vast plains of the Serengeti or the lush landscapes of South Africa's Kruger National Park, a safari can be an unforgettable journey for both you and your kids if you choose a family-friendly operator or camp. When we took our then 4-year-old to Zambia, we chose Time + Tide Africa since they had special kid activities and food, and they tailored the schedule to allow time for naps. Mornings spent spotting zebras and elephants and evenings under the stars were magical. Much like a preschool day with nature as the classroom, the structure kept our son enchanted. Yes, safaris can be a significant investment starting around $1,000 per person per night (note, these prices can vary greatly depending on time of year and whether it's budget or luxury). But watching your child's awe as they spot their first elephant or lion in the wild? Absolutely priceless. Or, my son's favorite part: "Watching the hippos' tails spin when they went potty."
Related: 9 incredible luxury family safari lodges for the ultimate African adventure
If it's time to swap those lazy beach holidays for something a tad more thrilling, the icy classrooms of Antarctica and animal-packed plains of Africa flip the script on typical family getaways.
Related reading:
Maximize your travel
By signing up, you will receive newsletters and promotional content and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
The Points Guy believes that credit cards can transform lives, helping you leverage everyday spending for cash back or travel experiences that might otherwise be out of reach. That’s why we publish a variety of editorial content and card comparisons: to help you find a great card to turn your goals into reality.
When you choose to apply (and are approved) for a new credit card through our site, we may receive compensation from our partners, and this may impact how or where these products appear. While we don’t cover all available credit cards, our editorial team creates and maintains all of the analysis of these cards, and our content is not influenced nor subject to review by any credit card company, bank or partner prior to (or after) publication. Please view our advertising policy and product review methodology for more information.
Copyright © 2025 The Points Guy, LLC. All rights reserved. A Red Ventures company.