Town and the BBC have agreed a new three-year deal which will see Radio Suffolk continue to provide live commentary home and away during the 2012/13, 2013/14 and 2014/15 seasons.  
The agreement also includes interviews with the club’s manager, both before and after the match, and comment from players. 
Peter Cook, editor of BBC Radio Suffolk, said: “I’m really excited by our new deal with the club.
“I know just how passionate our fans are about Ipswich Town and I’m hoping that we can celebrate a great season with them.
“Brenner Woolley and our team of summarisers are looking forward to full match commentary on every game.  Let’s hope we’re cheering the club on to promotion!”
Blues chief executive Simon Clegg added: “I’m delighted that we have been able to cement our already close working relationship with the BBC for another three years. 
“Hopefully their team will have plenty of Town goals to commentate on over that time.” 

Photo: ITFC



Photo: Action Images
Please report offensive, libellous or inappropriate posts by using the links provided.Page: 1Bluearmy71 added 06:46 - Jul 13The post I was trying to view could not be read for contractual reasons, please try again later!     Ahhhhh Saturday afternoon radio on the net eh!........ Priceless!  0 Tufty added 06:51 - Jul 13Wonderful! I suppose that means living outside the county I have to pay to listen to what is a free service in Suffolk. Think its a bit rich considering the licence fee means you get to pay twice!!!!!!  0 mightytown added 07:36 - Jul 13Very pleased with this news. My father was founding editor and managing editor of BBC Radio Suffolk. One of the first things he did as editor was to secure commentary rights for all Ipswich Town games for the radio station so fans of Ipswich could have access to live coverage of games. He gave a lot of people their first break in careers in media and worked tirelessly throughout his career to promote and develop Ipswich and Suffolk as a county. He passed away 4 years ago after a long battle with illness. glad to see the continuation of his work from over 20 years ago. Very proud of his work to forge a relationship between the football club and the radio station on behalf of the people of Suffolk and the supporters of our fine football club. Coooooooome on you blues!  0 charsfield added 09:15 - Jul 13i presume online commentary is still a no no?  0 depressed added 09:32 - Jul 13Charsfield....I agree somewhat strange.   I can listen online 24/7 yet not the football commentary.   The agreement is for radio broadcast only i assume.....Shame.  0 greenkingtone added 09:42 - Jul 13The BBC clearly do the best job but it should be free on line too.  0 nthstd added 09:50 - Jul 13The online thing has always bugged me. I used to travel loads and it was infuriating having to pay.    Surely it will be resolved when digital radio hits BBC radio Suffolk, but last time I heard they are planned to be one of the last stations to be digitised  0 rayman_10 added 09:53 - Jul 13Is it just me or does Carlos Edwards look a tad like the rapper Drake?  0 Dissblue added 10:21 - Jul 13Perhaps we can persuade the Beeb to put Radio Suffolk on DAB radio as it has with Radio Norfolk so that it is available in a greater area. When I asked the question I was told 'there are no plans or funding for this at present'. Could we get a campaign going to encourage them to push this forward. Radio Suffolk reception on FM even at this distance is poor at best.  0 PhilTWTD added 10:32 - Jul 13Re some of the posts above. I think I'm right in saying radio rights and online rights are sold separately. The club buys in the Radio Suffolk commentary for Ipswich Player.  0 jclark20 added 11:34 - Jul 13@charsfield    I live in Lincolnshire so obviously can'y get radio Suffolk.     But... I've found an online radio station application that you can download free to your laptop or pc. Just google 'streamer p2p' and download it. When you open it up, it comes up with a long list of amateur internet radio stations. On there is one called ITFC Video Radio where someone (don't know who) streams radio suffolk over the net during town games. Technically I suppose it counts as pirate radio, but they're the ones breaking the law not us!    I've been using this for a couple of years now and it's allways been reliable and fine. The programme isn't illegal and theres no risk of viruses or anything so give it a try :)   0 BotesdaleBlue added 12:09 - Jul 13Fantastic News.    I regard Radio Suffolk's coverage as first class and Brenner is class.    0 blockb_steward added 12:27 - Jul 13Geat news, remember the old Radio Orwell days when you used to only have the occassional visit to the ground?      0 Mark added 12:32 - Jul 13I think the time they gave the contract to SGR-FM taught us to appreciate BBC Radio Suffolk!  0 jas0999 added 19:58 - Jul 13Good. Their coverage is better than the SGR version (now Heart I suppose!).   0 TractorRoyNo1 added 20:34 - Jul 13it should be the other way around, people in suffolk should not hear it then perhaps a few more would go to portman road     Tufty added 06:51 - Jul 13    Wonderful! I suppose that means living outside the county I have to pay to listen to what is a free service in Suffolk. Think its a bit rich considering the licence fee means you get to pay twice!!!!!!   0 Page: 1You need to login in order to post your comments
Photo: ITFC
Photo: Action Images