Sunday's NFL action is about to get begin and if you're just looking to place some bets now, don't worry, I have you covered. If you're new to betting on player props or if you're a seasoned vet of props, there are three that I love for today's action that I recommend getting in on.
Let's dive into them.
The Saints are out of offensive weapons at wideout, meaning Alvin Kamara is going to have to be their go-to option for the duration of their game today against their NFC South rivals, the Atlanta Falcons. Kamara is coming off a game where he ran the ball 29 times, so expect him to get a plethora of touches again today against a Falcons defense that's 24th in opponent rush EPA and 31st in opponent rush success rate.
Kamara combined for 119 air and ground yards in their first game against the Saints in Week 4.
I don't often bet kicker props, but I love this one on the Titans kicker. Tennessee will take on a Los Angeles team today that ranks second in the NFL in red zone defense, keeping opponent's out of the end zone on 60% of red zone trips against them. That has led to an average of 1.9 field goal attempts against the Chargers per game this season.
Nick Folk is a perfect 11-of-11 on field goals this season and he should get his fair share of chances to build on that today as the Titans will likely have their offensive drives stall in the Chargers side of the field more often than once.
I'm looking to fade the Houston Texans quarterback, C.J. Stroud, on Sunday Night Football. They're set to take on the Detroit Lions, who have had one of the most effective secondaries in the NFL the past few weeks. Since Week 5, they lead the NFL in opponent dropback EPA and they're didth in opponent dropback success rate.
Stroud has regressed this season. He enters this week ranking just 24th in the NFL in EPA+CPOE composite, which is one spot below Daniel Jones and one spot above Drake Maye. He has only reached 200+ pass yards once in the last four games. I don't think he hits the OVER on his total on Sunday night against the stout Lions secondary.
Odds refresh periodically and are subject to change.
If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
You can check out all of Iain's bets here!
Originally from Nova Scotia, Iain MacMillan is a senior editor covering betting, with a focus on NFL, NHL, and golf. He hosts the Bacon Bets Podcast and has been featured on VSIN, BetQL and Monumental Sports Network. He is a member of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association and his beloved Falcons and Maple Leafs break his heart on a yearly basis. 
Follow iainmacbets
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.