New England Patriots offensive tackle Chukwuma Okorafor (77) reacts on the sideline during the second half of an NFL football game against the Carolina Panthers on Thursday, Aug. 8, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Greg M. Cooper)AP
FOXBOROUGH – Chuks Okorafor won’t make any excuses.
The veteran said what transpired in the Patriots preseason finale against the Washington Commanders is all on him.
Last week, in the first half, Okorafor was flagged for illegal formation three times. On the third time, the penalty negated a 48-yard touchdown pass from Drake Maye to K.J. Osborn.
On Wednesday, in an interview with MassLive, Okorafor took the blame for what happened and said the referees weren’t calling the play any different than they have in the past.
“No. it’s just on me. I have to be more focused on that kind of stuff,” Okorafor said. “That’s something that shouldn’t be happening, being in Year 7 now. I should be better right now.”
When asked what happened on the three penalties, Okorafor noted it’ll be an easy fix.
“Lack of details. That’s on me to improve,” he said. “It’s really no biggie, right there. That’s on me to improve. It’s not a big deal.”
Okorafor was first flagged for illegal formation at 11:48 of the second quarter. It was on a third-and-8 pass play, which went for a loss of a yard, so the penalty was declined. In the next series, he was called again at 8:49 of the second quarter. That penalty was also declined as Maye’s pass, on second-and-11, fell incomplete.
The penalty that hurt came on the Patriots last series of the first half. With 36 seconds left in the half, Maye was flushed out of the pocket and hit Osborn for a 48-yard touchdown. When referee Shawn Hochuli announced the penalty, he said, “Illegal formation, once again, left tackle No. 77 was lined up in the backfield.”
When asked about the penalty and what he has to do in the future, Okorafor said he understands the rule.
“Your helmet has to crack (the center’s) hip line,” Okorafor said. “I’ve got to say, It’s a lack of details. I’ve got to improve. I don’t think there’s anything else I need to say about that. I need to be better with that.”
The veteran signed a one-year, $4 million contract with the Patriots in free agency. This offseason, he’s practiced and played at right and left tackle. Last week, he was starting at left tackle and could be in that spot come Week 1.
He said it doesn’t matter to him what position he plays.
“I get paid to play left or right. That’s something I have to get used to, improve, and just kind of keep on pushing,” Okorafor said. “I do as I’m told. It’s not my job to choose if I’m playing left or right. I just have to improve.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices