e-Edition
Get the latest news in your inbox!
Get the latest news in your inbox!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
USD opens the 2024 football season at home Saturday with a 5 p.m. kickoff against Cal Poly. There will be a veteran at quarterback for the Toreros, with sixth-year senior Grant Sergent earning the starting job out of spring camp.
Sergent beat out former Mater Dei Catholic High School star Dom Nankil for the job.
Of Sergent, head coach Brandon Moore said, “He’s got a command of the offense none of the other kids do. He’s dealing the ball extremely well.”
Sergent, who played at Palma High School in Salinas, shared the job with Nankil last season. Nankil started six games, completing 58.6 percent of his passes for 1,158 yards. He threw five TDs against four interceptions. Sergent completed 61.2 percent of his passes for 893 yards. His TD-to-interception ratio was an impressive 7-2.
Nankil will be the backup.
USD is coming off a 4-7 season, the program’s first losing slate since 2010.
Moore said he is treating the 2024 season “like my first year” after the 2023 season was marred by hazing allegations. Two former players filed civil lawsuits against the university that alleged hazing. USD President James T. Harris said approximately half of last year’s team faced disciplinary action.
“The events of last year were difficult to mitigate,” Moore said. “It was very, very difficult for me and my family and continues to be. This year is like a restart. I’m building it from the ground up and am excited what the prospects are moving forward.”
There is talent at wide receiver, where last season’s top two pass catchers return. Ja’seem Reed led USD with 56 catches for 764 yards. Josh Heverly ranked No. 2 with 34 receptions for 574 yards. Reed totaled four 100-yard receiving games.
At 6-foot-2 and 230 pounds, Reed is a physical presence.
Said Moore: “Ja’seem Reed is very, very important to this team.”
Isaiah Williams, who rushed for 1,086 yards last season, exhausted his eligibility. Moore said that Kenyon Sims, a Jacksonville State transfer, probably will start vs. Cal Poly. Isaiah Smith, who averaged 5.0 yards per carry last year, will also be handed the ball; so will USC transfer Matt Colombo.
In four seasons with the Trojans, Colombo carried once for 7 yards.
Three Toreros, all defensive players, were named to the 2024 Pioneer Football League Preseason Team. Earning the honors were defensive end Malachi Cooper, linebacker Chase Lyons and cornerback Eric Haney. Haney was a first team All-PFL defender in 2023.
Cooper played locally at Serra High School, now called Canyon Hills.
USD has been picked to finish fifth in the PFL by conference’s coaches, behind Drake, St. Thomas, Davidson and Butler and ahead of Dayton, Presbyterian, Marist, Morehead State, Valparaiso and Steson.
Among the many transfers brought in by USD is a 6-5, 220-pound outside linebacker named Tre Moore, the head coach’s son. Tre, a junior, transferred from Northern Arizona.
“He’ll play considerably,” said the head coach. “I’m his dad, but he’s most impressive looking.”
Brandon Moore, a linebacker who played collegiately at Oklahoma and for seven years in the NFL, has not coached Tre since his son was 12.
Regarding coaching his son, Brandon Moore said: “It’s exciting and terrifying all at once. It’s fun to be around my family and have an imprint on him. On the other side, I always want the best for him and can’t always push him the same way I would at home.”
After Cal Poly, USD plays nonconference games against Central Washington and North Dakota before opening PFL play Sept. 28 at Drake. All three non-conference opponents have the full FCS allotment of 65 scholarships. USD is a non-scholarship program. North Dakota is ranked No. 24 in an FCS preseason poll.
“We want to put University of San Diego football on the map,” Moore said, “and the only way I know to do that is to play the best teams in the FCS.”
USD’s roster consists of 100 players. Moore said he’d like to suit them all up for Saturday’s season opener.
“I preach love and I preach being a family,” he said. “The connection those guys have is uplifting. I want them on the sideline with their fellow teammates. You like to have your family close.”
When: 5 p.m. Saturday
Where: Torero Stadium
Streaming: ESPN+
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group