Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Red Sox Vs. Twins Lineups: Minor Changes After Triston Casas Injury
Red Sox Place Triston Casas On Injured List, Call Up Replacement
Red Sox Reportedly Have 'No Plans' To Follow Popular Theory
Four External Red Sox First Base Options After Triston Casas Injury
The Patriots got into the spirit of the season Wednesday, providing quite the scare for fans just a couple weeks before Halloween.
New England placed rookie quarterback Drake Maye on the injured list.
Maye was a relatively surprising addition, being listed as a full participant with a knee injury that previously hadn’t been made public. Ben Volin of The Boston Globe reported the rookie went for an MRI after practice, while Phil Perry of NBC Sports Boston reported that the extent of the injury, and when it occurred, is currently unknown.
TL;DR: It’s a waiting game.
Maye’s injury, no matter how conspicuous it might be, isn’t producing any worry around One Patriot Place, however.
Story continues below advertisement
“I’m not concerned,” Patriots offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt said Thursday, per ESPN’s Mike Reiss. “He looked good to me yesterday as he worked… We’ll see as we go down through the course of the week, but right now, it’s probably precautionary. I think he feels good about where he is right now.”
The Patriots have plenty of things to worry about as they prepare to fly out to London looking to snap a five-game losing streak against the Jacksonville Jaguars, but Maye’s knee doesn’t appear to be one of them.
Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Featured image via Brian Fluharty/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network