Filed under:
Memphis cannot afford to overlook the reigning Sun Belt champs with Florida State looming on the schedule.
It might come as a surprise that the two programs in southern bordering states haven’t settled things on the field since the World War II era. Memphis and Troy battled it out for five consecutive years in the late 1930s and early 1940s, with the Tigers claiming four-straight victories after the Trojans won the first meeting.
Troy travels to Simmons Bank Liberty Stadium after falling victim to a feisty Nevada squad in Week 1. The back-to-back Sun Belt champions are no stranger to rough starts, launching both of their last two seasons at 1-2 before igniting 10+ game win streaks and conference titles to finish strong.
Week 2 presents a challenging opponent in AAC favorite Memphis. The Tigers took care of business against an FCS opponent in Week 1 by producing a shutout, but Memphis can’t fall victim to a trap game at home and overlook Troy with a notable matchup at Florida State looming on the schedule.
Troy debuted first-year head coach Gerad Parker last Saturday, and it was Parker’s first game operating as the head man at any level of football. Things started off smoothly as the favored Trojans opened up a 14-0 lead over Nevada, but the Wolf Pack — having already competed in a Week 0 dog fight vs. SMU — responded in poised fashion, piecing together a 28-3 run stretching from the final minute of the second quarter to the opening moments of the fourth. Troy ultimately fell in 28-26 fashion after a late rally, and things don’t get any easier for the Trojans with a road trip to Memphis.
The Trojan offense put together a passable performance with nearly 400 yards, zero turnovers, and third down efficiency, but the team was doomed during a stretch where the Wolf Pack generated four consecutive touchdown drives while Troy answered with punts and fields goals. Thus, shoring up the defense remains the No. 1 priority as an explosive Memphis offense counters on the other sideline.
Defense was a strength over the past two years at Troy, as the Trojans manufactured top 10 scoring defenses in back-to-back seasons, only allowing more than 28 points three times in a 24-game span. But after losing a defensive coordinator and nine of their top 10 tacklers from 2023 — including two players with 10+ sacks and another with four interceptions — the defense is significantly refurbished from last year’s unit.
Jordan Stringer is the veteran leader of this unit as the only one of those top 10 tacklers back for 2024. He notched seven takedowns and a forced fumble Saturday, and the outside linebacker will play a pivotal role in stopping a Memphis offense which likes to run toward the boundaries. While the defense produced five tackles for loss against Nevada, there wasn’t enough quarterback pressure and the unit wound up without a sack.
Increased pressure will be pivotal against a Memphis team with a more-than-capable passing game, meaning the rush and coverage have to be at their best in Week 2. On the back end, Northern Illinois transfer safety Devin Lafayette will have his hands full in zone coverage. Lafayette shined last weekend with seven tackles and a pass deflection, and he’ll make sure Memphis’ speedy receivers don’t dominate the YAC category on the stat sheet.
Troy’s offense is headlined by quarterback Goose Crowder who made his first career start vs. Nevada to kick off the season, filling a massive vacancy left behind by longtime starter Gunnar Watson. Crowder performed fine in his starting debut, collecting 201 passing yards on 20-of-30, remaining free of a turnover throughout the night. Another void the Trojans are filling offensively is one at the running back, replacing the FBS’s second leading rusher in Kimani Vidal with Damien Taylor as the No. 1 tailback. Like Crowder, it was a promising opener for Taylor who averaged 9.4 yards per carry on a career-high 103 rushing yards. The skill position group also received strong contributions from wide receiver Devonte Ross — Crowder’s favorite target with 103 of the 201 yards in the passing game.
Where the offense needs work is explosiveness. Nevada outshined Troy in this area last week, as the Trojans had two sustained 13-play clock-eating drives result in field goals, rather than touchdowns, in the second half. Scoring quick is a must if they find themselves in an adverse situation in the second half, so generating a slew of 30+ yard gains is a mandatory to keep up with Memphis’ offense in this one.
Memphis did nothing to shake its status as the AAC favorite in Week 1. The Tigers have their eyes set on the College Football Playoff with their wealth of experience and recent winning history, and everything clicked last Saturday as they shut out FCS opponent North Alabama, 40-0.
There isn’t much you can take away from most FBS vs. FCS matchups, but most things went smoothly for Ryan Silverfield’s squad. Fourth-year starting quarterback Seth Henigan seemingly gets better every fall, and his Saturday performance was a good sign of things to come as he picked up 308 passing yards and a pair of touchdowns on a 22-of-30 showing.
Henigan distributed the ball to a gamut of targets. He returns his top three receivers in Roc Taylor, Demeer Blankumsee, and Koby Drake, but half of his completions wound up in the hands of other options. Six different receivers wound up with a 20+ yard catch as Memphis maintained its explosiveness on offense from a unit which ranked sixth in scoring offense and ninth in passing yards per game in 2023.
While Henigan and the passing attack left no concerns, the run game cannot say the same. The Tigers struggled grounding the ball against an FCS opponent, amassing just 59 yards in the run game on 26 attempts — averaging to 2.3 yards per carry. Memphis allowed five tackles for loss in the victory and its running backs were bottled up for no gain countless number of times. This is a position where the Tigers are replacing a remarkable talent in Blake Watson, who tallied 1,152 rushing yards and 53 receptions in a versatile role last year. Memphis is still discovering who the bellcow back is in a Watson-less backfield, and South Carolina transfer Mario Anderson seems to be the leading candidate after attaining 46 yards on a team-high 10 attempts in Week 1.
Memphis hopes its rushing struggles were just a one-week thing. But one area of promise from Week 1 that it aims to sustain throughout the season is the level of play by the defense. The Tigers haven’t fielded the best defensive units in recent history, checking in at 114th in yards allowed per game and 125th in passing defense a year ago. However, the trajectory seemed to change in the Liberty Bowl when Memphis held Iowa State to zero rushing yards in a season-defining bowl win. The Liberty Bowl was the first game called by defensive coordinator Jordon Hankins — the mastermind behind the Tigers’ Week 1 shutout.
Memphis’ defense stifled the run, limiting North Alabama to 2.2 yards per carry Saturday. It also stayed true in the passing game, suffocating the FCS squad to 118 yards on 28 attempts. The Tigers won the turnover battle 3-0 and played with outstanding technique, free of any holding, pass interference, or personal foul penalties. As the competition ramps up with Troy on the docket, remaining true to these techniques is a priority.
The main name to watch on Memphis’ defense is middle linebacker Chandler Martin who is fresh off a First Team All-AAC selection. Martin brought the hammer again last Saturday as the Tigers’ leading tackler, producing eight takedowns and 2.5 tackles for loss in the win. He’ll play a vital role in stopping Troy running back Damien Taylor, while the passing defense will be handled by a mix of returning and transfer talent. Greg Rubin is one safety to watch on the back end with 21 career pass breakups and former ULM and Akron starter AJ Watts is another, producing five tackles in his Memphis debut.
The name Troy should still command plenty of respect from Memphis, even if the reigning Sun Belt champions dropped an opener to Nevada. Although the pieces of the puzzle have changed, Gerad Parker proved his team has capable pieces throughout — especially on the offensive side of the ball. Troy can really test how far Memphis’ defense has improved on coordinator Jordon Hankins, showing the ability to run the ball with Damien Taylor and pass with the newfound connection of Goose Crowder and Devonte Ross.
While the Trojans should have their moments offensively throughout the contest, it won’t be enough to compete with an explosive Memphis unit that can pick apart most FBS defenses with the passing game. Seth Henigan is one of the best quarterbacks in college football and continues to improve at limiting his mistakes. Armed with a loaded receiving corps and facing a Troy defense which allowed an 86 percent completion rate a week ago, this matchup favors the Tigers by multiple scores.
Prediction: Memphis 35, Troy 19
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.