e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
A prolonged rain system that drenched Marin for a week ended with a final spray on Tuesday, leaving fuller reservoirs and diminished wildfire risks.
Some of the rain totals from the system included 13.12 inches in Point Reyes Station, 12.03 inches on Mount Tamalpais, 11.92 inches in Kentfield, 11.6 inches on Mount Barnabe, 11.47 inches in San Anselmo and 10.66 inches in San Rafael, according to the National Weather Service.
“It’s amazing rainfall,” said Rick Canepa, a meteorologist for the agency. Canepa said the 30-year average rain total for November in Marin is 4.63 inches.
Now the remainder of the Thanksgiving holiday week is expected to be dry and cold, with especially frigid mornings.
“Marin is now north of the cold front,” Canepa said. “We’ve got this dry period coming up that will carry us into the end of the month and into at least part of December.”
Highs in Marin are expected to remain in the middle 50s to low 60s, with lows dipping to middle 30s. A frost advisory is in effect for Marin and the North Bay from 10 p.m. Wednesday until 9 a.m. Thursday.
December is historically the wettest month, recording a 30-year average of 9.78 inches, Canepa said. January and February are close behind.
“We could still have a decent amount of rain going into the spring season,” he said. “So we’ve got a long way to go.”
The Marin Municipal Water District has recorded 13.54 inches of rain at Lake Lagunitas since the storm system arrived on Nov. 20, for a total of 16.06 inches received this year so far, said Adriane Mertens, spokesperson for the district.
The total this time last year was 5.46 inches, and the historical average total for Nov. 26 is 8.39 inches, Mertens said Tuesday.
Mertens said water storage levels at the district’s seven reservoirs are “looking very positive” at 88% of capacity, or about 69,936 acre-feet. An acre-foot is about 326,000 gallons.
The historical average storage capacity for Nov. 26 is 64.38%, or 51,223 acre-feet, Mertens said.
Lucy Croy, water quality manager for the district, said that while the storm packed a punch, it wasn’t as strong as the “drought buster” storm of October 2021 that dumped 17.96 inches into Lake Lagunitas over a week.
“Reservoirs are filling up quickly and are currently at 136.5% of the normal for this time of year,” Croy said. “This is the fullest the reservoirs have been this early in the winter season since Kent Dam was raised in 1983.”
Tony Williams, general manager of the North Marin Water District, said the recent rain left Stafford Lake in Novato at 79% of capacity.
“Yes, obviously the rain is great, but especially for Sonoma Water’s reservoirs. Lake Sonoma saw an impressive gain in storage in a week,” Williams said.
Lake Sonoma water levels increased more than 30,000 acre-feet in the past week, reaching a total of 253,098 acre-feet. That is 66% of total capacity and 129% of the historical average for this time of year.
The North Marin Water District gets about 80% of its supply from Sonoma Water, formerly known as the Sonoma County Water Agency.
The storms knocked out power for some 300,000 Pacific Gas and Electric Co. customers in the utility’s service area last week. The company said the outages included some 4,201 customers in Novato; 3,109 in Corte Madera; 2,502 in San Anselmo; 2,200 in Tiburon; 2,052 in Fairfax; 1,918 in San Rafael; and 1,547 in Larkspur.
The weather caused no other major disturbances in the county, officials said. San Anselmo, an especially flood-prone area, had a few clogged drain inlets from leaves and a few fallen trees.
“The early storms are always a challenge as they cause leaves to drop and can clog some drain inlets,” said Scott Schneider, assistant public works director for the town. “Our crews spent the last several weeks making sure our storm drains were cleaned, and were on storm patrol and quickly cleared any blocked drains.”
Marin County Fire Department Chief Jason Weber said fire officials in California never really say the fire season is over because history shows that conflagrations burn well into the winter, especially in Southern California.
“Our crews can be called any time to go help in Southern California,” Weber said. “For the north, the rain has certainly been a welcome break from a long summer. We received enough rain and sustained rain from storms stacked up that the risk here for fire in Marin County is relatively low, which is good.”
Weber said even though the county is soggy, it is not immune to fire. He asked residents to stay vigilant through the holidays.
“I’d like to remind everybody to be safe. Although we got this rain, don’t let your guard down,” Weber said. “Frying turkeys can be a significant fire hazard, and be careful putting up Christmas lights.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group