ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
AUSTIN, TEXAS - OCTOBER 01:   Kendrick Lamar performs in concert during the Austin City Limits Music ... More Festival at Zilker Park on October 01, 2016 in Austin, Texas.  (Photo by Gary Miller/FilmMagic)
Kendrick Lamar’s new single “Euphoria” is an immediate hit on a number of Billboard charts this week. The tune, which is an elevated diss track aimed at fellow hip-hop artist Drake, debuts on nine different rankings this frame, and this is just the beginning for the title.
“Euphoria” debuts at No. 1 on two of the nine charts it arrives on this week. The single performed incredibly well when it came to both streams and sales–but the latter metric is where the insult cut really shined, and that’s evident by looking at the Billboard tallies.
Lamar launches his new track in first place on both the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales and Rap Digital Song Sales charts. Those two lists use the same methodology, in that they look only at pure purchases on platforms like iTunes, Amazon
Amazon
, and others. They differ in that one is focused solely on rap, while the other is a bit more open, and it can include R&B and hip-hop as well as rap music.
“Euphoria” marks Lamar’s fourth No. 1 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales chart. He’s accrued a total of 23 top 10s on that ranking. The single is his fifth champion on the Rap Digital Song Sales tally, where he’s now landed a total of 26 appearances between Nos. 1 and 10.
Lamar’s latest chart win opens inside the top 10 on every ranking it appears on–but one. It narrowly misses out on becoming another placement in that competitive tier on the Hot 100. Instead, it launches at No. 11.
When Billboard refreshes its charts in a few days, there’s a very good chance that “Euphoria” will perfect its record when it comes to reaching the top 10 on every chart. The tune looks like it’s about to rocket up the Hot 100, likely entering the top 10 for the first time.
“Euphoria” is also new to the top 10 on all of the following charts: Streaming Songs, Digital Song Sales, Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, R&B/Hip-Hop Streaming Songs, Hot Rap Songs, and the Rap Streaming Songs lists. It debuts at No. 2–just one spot away from the throne–on both the Rap Streaming Songs and Hot Rap Songs tallies.
Next week, “Euphoria” will likely rise on the Billboard charts, but it may be overshadowed by other tracks from Lamar. He kept his battle with Drake going after dropping that tune, and both of the songs he’s shared since “Euphoria” have become huge successes on streaming and download platforms. Both “Not Like Us” and “Meet the Grahams” are expected to enjoy lofty starts next time around.