New England Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo during a news conference following an NFL preseason football game against the Philadelphia Eagles, Thursday, Aug. 15, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)AP
FOXBOROUGH - While the word “collaboration” has been used a lot by Jerod Mayo when discussing the decision-making process, he wanted to make one thing perfectly clear during his presser Wednesday.
The decision on the starting quarterback was his to make.
Mayo had received some criticism based on the perception he was deferring on making the most important decision.
Asked how many people are in the room to decide between Jacoby Brissett and rookie Drake Maye, Mayo got specific.
“Really, if you want to talk about the process, Alex [Van Pelt], myself, we just have those conversations, but he gets input from his coaches as well,” Mayo said. “Ultimately, it’s my decision to make.”
Based on previous remarks, the impression was given that Mayo would be involved in that decision, but defer to Van Pelt given the offensive coordinator’s expertise with quarterbacks and the offense.
Mayo, who was a linebacker as a player, and has only coached on the defensive side of the football, said he would rely heavily on Van Pelt. But he has the final say.
While Mayo indicated the decision on the starter had already been made, he wasn’t going to formally announce it until Thursday.
But he did drop a bread crumb when asked if players deserved an explanation about the decision.
“Look, they’ve gone through the process as well. They’ve gone through the spring with these players. They’ve gone through training camp with these players. I’m sure they all have an opinion on who they think should be the starting quarterback,” Mayo said, “but I don’t think I have to explain it to anyone else. It’s my decision. Look, if it doesn’t work, blame me ... 
“I would say one thing: I think it’s important to remember what’s good for the team today may not be good for the team weeks down the line. So I think the challenge is, you want to win every single game now, but also, you’re trying to build something special here in New England.”
The suspicion all along is that it would be Brissett, who was brought in as a placeholder until the coaches felt Maye, who made a late charge, was ready to take the baton. That lines up with Mayo’s remarks. 
Even if he didn’t identify the starter, the Patriots coach expressed confidence he made the right decision.
Said Mayo: “I just know I feel like I’m doing what’s best for the team and the decision I’ve made.”
Asked if it was long process to decide between the veteran Brissett, and rookie Maye, Mayo indicated that it was.
“Yeah, it remains that way. Once again, you have to have those candid conversations. You go back and forth; you weight things differently,” he said. “When it’s all said and done, you just want to make sure you’re doing what’s best for the team and what’s best for this organization.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices