FlaglerLive
No Bull, no Fluff, No Smudges
July 27, 2024 | FlaglerLive | 3 Comments 
To include your event in the Briefing and Live Calendar, please fill out this form.
Weather: Mostly sunny. A slight chance of showers and thunderstorms in the morning, then showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. Highs in the lower 90s. Light and variable winds, becoming northeast around 5 mph in the afternoon. Chance of rain 90 percent. Saturday Night: Mostly cloudy. Showers and thunderstorms likely, mainly in the evening. Lows in the lower 70s. Southeast winds around 5 mph in the evening, becoming light and variable. Chance of rain 70 percent.
Today at a Glance:
The Saturday Flagler Beach Farmers Market is scheduled for 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today at Wickline Park, 315 South 7th Street, featuring prepared food, fruit, vegetables , handmade products and local arts from more than 30 local merchants. The market is hosted by Flagler Strong, a non-profit.
Coffee With Commissioner Scott Spradley: Flagler Beach Commission Chairman Scott Spradley hosts his weekly informal town hall with coffee and doughnuts at 9 a.m. at his law office at 301 South Central Avenue, Flagler Beach. Today: City Attorney Drew Smith and Police Chief Matt Doughney. All subjects, all interested residents or non-residents welcome. The gatherings occasionally feature a special guest.
Peps Art Walk, noon to 5 p.m. next to JT’s Seafood Shack, 5224 Oceanshore Blvd, Palm Coast. Step into the magical vibes of Unique Handcrafted vendors gathering in one location, selling handmade goods. Makers, crafters, artists, of all kinds found here. From honey to baked goods, wooden surfboards, to painted surfboards, silverware jewelry to clothing, birdbaths to inked glass, beachy furniture to foot fashions, candles to soaps, air fresheners to home decor and SO much more! Peps Art Walk happens on the last Saturday of every month. A grassroots market that began in May of 2022 has grown steadily into an event with over 30 vendors and many loyal patrons. The event is free, food and drink on site, parking is free, and a raffle is held to raise money for local charity Whispering Meadows Ranch. Kid friendly, dog friendly, great music and good vibes. Come out to support our hometown artist community!
Gamble Jam: Musicians of all ages can bring instruments and chairs and join in the jam session, 2 to 5 p.m. . Program is free with park admission! Gamble Rogers Memorial State Recreation Area at Flagler Beach, 3100 S. Oceanshore Blvd., Flagler Beach, FL. Call the Ranger Station at (386) 517-2086 for more information. The Gamble Jam is a family-friendly event that occurs every second and fourth Saturday of the month.  The park hosts this acoustic jam session at one of the pavilions along the river to honor the memory of James Gamble Rogers IV, the Florida folk musician who lost his life in 1991 while trying to rescue a swimmer in the rough surf.
Bandshell Star Spangled Summer Concert Series & Fireworks – Absolute Queen: A Tribute to Queen: 7:15 at the Bandshell, 70 Boardwalk Avenue, Daytona Beach. Concerts are free and include a free Daytona Beach fireworks show at 9:45 PM. $15 VIP ticket available.
Grace Community Food Pantry, 245 Education Way, Bunnell, drive-thru open today from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. The food pantry is organized by Pastor Charles Silano and Grace Community Food Pantry, a Disaster Relief Agency in Flagler County. Feeding Northeast Florida helps local children and families, seniors and active and retired military members who struggle to put food on the table. Working with local grocery stores, manufacturers, and farms we rescue high-quality food that would normally be wasted and transform it into meals for those in need. The Flagler County School District provides space for much of the food pantry storage and operations. Call 386-586-2653 to help, volunteer or donate.



Notebook: Common, petty snobbery, or a more defensible distaste for nationalistic displays, require that we should not get too excited about the Olympics. A few things can set those concerns aside, all of them summed up in one word: Paris. The capital of snobbery naturalizes appreciation for the spectacle. It is also–let’s not be coy about it–one of the—no, it is the, greatest city on earth. Yesterday’s opening ceremonies surely threw 2 billion viewers for a loop. The first Olympic ceremony not to take place in a stadium, not to be so enclosed, not to be so claustrophobically framed. The boats down the Seine, parading countries’ athletes, were bound to be a nice, slow touch, transporting us to every country just as Flaubert once was transported by the river’s sounds all the way to Michigan: “The Seine that murmurs beneath my windows makes me think of Lake Superior,” he once wrote in a letter from his home in Croisset, west of Paris. “I travel there in my imagination.” (“La Seine qui murmure sous mes fenêtres me fait songer au lac Majeur. Je m’y transporte en imagination…”) But how were the choreographers to blend in the spectacle that usually goes with these opening ceremonies? How was Thomas Jolly, the young “Peter Pan of Theater” picked to direct the impossible, to pull off the greatest French musical in history? Well, he did. Without open air rehearsals. Despite torrential rains and an unsmiling Macron. I imagine the critics will consider the ceremony a bit too diffuse, lacking a gravity center. But the point was that the entire city was the center of gravity, the center of the world, of the universe (the millions and millions of intelligent civilizations in our galaxy alone, a number estimated by Cornell’s Frank Drake in the 1960s, aside). It was sometimes difficult to keep track of the 12 different “tableaux” or themes of the ceremony—liberté, égalibut never unpleasant. And if creative boundaries weren’t going to be broken in Paris, then where? And what if those swaying swooning dames on the bridge So and So, that white horse galloping on the Seine, that torchbearer hopping the roofs, the singing of the Marseillaise from the roof of the Grand Palais? A favorite: the sequence that began with the dancing workers on Notre Dame and extended to the 400 dancers on one of the quays, splashing with movement and joy. Another favorite: that “tout simplement nu” bit that must’ve made Southerners and Saudis apoplectic. The rain dimmed nothing. The early morning’s miserable attacks on the train lines was forgotten. And the huge American team got huge cheers. It was good to hear: Paris, too, is for Kamala. That was just before the enormous French delegation, as the Eiffel Tower glittered and Paris erupted, the most unified happiness in France since–it’s hard to say since when. Maybe the Libération in 1944: it’s been 100 years since Paris hosted the summer games. And that lighting of the superb balloon caldron flying over Paris, to Celine Dion singing, je me fous du monde entier, the Edith Piaf song: a hell of a gutsy line–“I don’t give a fuck about the world… as long as I have your love,” and that final line in this hymn to love that even the Baptists, had they stayed tuned, will love: God unites those who love each other. Died uni ceux qui s’aiment. Not bad for the country of  laïcité. Michel Houellebecq must have been smiling. Plus it was heartwarming to see a few of my old compatriots. Il pleure dans mon coeur comme Il pleut sur Paris: these ceremonies would have made Verlaine of Voltaire and made us all, for once, proud and happy to be alive together on this poor little Sartrian planet. Je suis Paris.
—P.T.
Now this: Brel’s “Les Prénoms De Paris.” See the lyrics in English below.
FlaglerLive News Service, Palm Coast (@flaglerlive) • Instagram photos and videos
The Live Calendar is a compendium of local and regional political, civic and cultural events. You can input your own calendar events directly onto the site as you wish them to appear (pending approval of course). To include your event in the Live Calendar, please fill out this form.
For the full calendar, go here. 
Brel’s “Les Prénoms De Paris”
Le soleil qui se lève
The sun rising
Et caresse les toits
And caressing the roofs
Et c’est Paris le jour
And it’s Paris by day
La Seine qui se promène
The Seine strolling
Et me guide du doigt
And guiding me with a finger
Et c’est Paris toujours
And it’s always Paris
Et mon cœur qui s’arrête
And my heart stopping
Sur ton cœur qui sourit
On your smiling heart
Et c’est Paris bonjour
And it’s Paris, hello
Et ta main dans ma main
And your hand in mine
Qui me dit déjà oui
Already saying yes
Et c’est Paris l’amour
And it’s Paris, love
Le premier rendez-vous
The first rendezvous
À l’île Saint-Louis
On the Île Saint-Louis
C’est Paris qui commence
It’s Paris beginning
Et le premier baiser
And the first stolen kiss
Volé aux Tuileries
At the Tuileries
Et c’est Paris la chance
And it’s Paris, luck
Et le premier baiser
And the first kiss
Reçu sous un portail
Received under an archway
Et c’est Paris romance
And it’s Paris, romance
Et deux têtes qui tournent
And two heads spinning
En regardant Versailles
Looking at Versailles
Et c’est Paris la France
And it’s Paris, France
Des jours que l’on oublie
Days we forget
Qui oublient de nous voir
That forget to see us
Et c’est Paris l’espoir
And it’s Paris, hope
Des heures où nos regards
Hours where our gazes
Ne sont qu’un seul regard
Are just one gaze
Et c’est Paris miroir
And it’s Paris, mirror
Rien que des nuits encore
Only nights still
Qui séparent nos chansons
That separate our songs
Et c’est Paris bonsoir
And it’s Paris, good evening
Et ce jour-là enfin
And that day finally
Où tu ne dis plus non
When you no longer say no
Et c’est Paris ce soir
And it’s Paris tonight
Une chambre un peu triste
A slightly sad room
Où s’arrête la ronde
Where the circle stops
Et c’est Paris nous deux
And it’s Paris, us two
Un regard qui reçoit
A gaze that receives
La tendresse du monde
The tenderness of the world
Et c’est Paris tes yeux
And it’s Paris, your eyes
Ce serment que je pleure
This vow that I cry
Plutôt que ne le dis
Rather than say
C’est Paris si tu veux
It’s Paris, if you want
Et savoir que demain
And knowing that tomorrow
Sera comme aujourd’hui
Will be like today
C’est Paris merveilleux
It’s marvelous Paris
Mais la fin du voyage
But the end of the journey
La fin de la chanson
The end of the song
Et c’est Paris tout gris
And it’s all gray Paris
Dernier jour, dernière heure
Last day, last hour
Première larme aussi
First tear too
Et c’est Paris la pluie
And it’s Paris, the rain
Ces jardins remontés
These gardens put away
Qui n’ont plus leur parure
No longer in their finery
Et c’est Paris l’ennui
And it’s Paris, the boredom
La gare où s’accomplit
The station where the final
La dernière déchirure
Rupture takes place
C’est Paris fini
It’s over Paris
Loin des yeux, loin du cœur
Out of sight, out of heart
Chassé du paradis
Chased from paradise
Et c’est Paris chagrin
And it’s Paris, sorrow
Mais une lettre de toi
But a letter from you
Une lettre qui dit oui
A letter that says yes
Et c’est Paris demain
And it’s Paris tomorrow
Des villes et des villages
Towns and villages
Les roues tremblent de chance
The wheels trembling with luck
C’est Paris en chemin
It’s Paris on the way
Et toi qui m’attends là
And you waiting for me there
Et tout qui recommence
And everything starting over
Et c’est Paris, je reviens
And it’s Paris, I’m coming back
–Jacques Brel.
The Cartoon and Live Briefing Archive.

Sherry says 
July 27, 2024 at 4:00 pm
The 78 year old “convicted criminal”  Is he OK?

Local double taxpayer says 
July 27, 2024 at 10:28 pm
I have you to know that Democrats and Republicans are criminals. They pulled the wool right over the eyes of so many people it’s ridiculous. Notice how nobody talks policy anymore. It’s just political mumbo jumbo to keep the population arguing so we don’t see what they really do in the background and y’all keep buying into it.

Sherry says 
July 30, 2024 at 1:28 pm
@ local. . .  Are “you” OK?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Log in