Marrakesh Express
Tom Lounges
The Taste of Crown Point happens Friday and Saturday with a bevy of live bands performing as numerous food booths and food trucks descend upon Crown Point's Bulldog Park Pavilion (183 S. West St.) for the event. Full bar service is available for those 21 and over.
Music begins on Friday with party rock band Jessi & The Fizz firing up at 5 p.m. The eight-piece ensemble Marrakesh Express performs its tribute to the music of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young in a non-stop concert from 8-10 p.m.
Music begins again at 2 p.m. on Saturday with classic rock/progressive groove group Salamander Drake, followed at 4:30 p.m. by The Don Baron Band doing a rock and pop covers with a generous dose of Baron's trademark humor and schtick. Closing out the "Taste" is NWI's rising country act, The Nate Venturelli Band, performing at 8 p.m. Admission for the all-ages, family event is free. Lawn chairs and blankets recommended. More: crownpoint.in.gov.
MUSIC NOTES
• Tonight's weekly "Acoustic Thursday Music Series" at Montego Bay Grille (322 Main St.) in Hobart marks the debut performance there by Hobart acoustic duo Travis & Karl, who perform a mix of rock, pop and country. All ages welcome. Full food and alcohol menu available. More: 219-940-3152 or facebook.com/mobaygrille .
• Grammy Award-winning singer/songwriter and "2023 Dancing with the Stars" alum -- Jason Mraz -- performs an 8 p.m. show of such hits as "I Won't Give Up," "I'm Yours," "Make It Mine" and "Lucky" on Friday at Hard Rock Casino Northwest Indiana (5400 W. 29th Ave.) in Gary, at the Hard Rock Live theater. Tickets start: $169.50.
The Hard Rock Cafe stage has a free performance by dance group MyTyme Jazzy ZSoul Funk Band on Friday, followed by pop-rock band Serendipity doing '60s - '80s covers on Saturday. Music starts at 9 p.m. Thrown Together Band brings rock and pop covers by The Beatles, Rolling Stones, CSNY, Eagles and others to the casino's Council Oak Bar stage on Friday at 8 p.m. More: hardrockcasinonorthernindiana.com.
• Those who miss Thrown Together Band on Friday at Hard Rock, can catch them on Saturday at Region Ale Tap House (1080 US-41) in Schererville from 7:30 to 11 p.m. More: facebook.com/throwntogether.nwi .
• Leroy's Hot Stuff (333 W. U.S. 20) in Porter has "Karaoke Night" this evening from 8-11 p.m. Rock band Three's Company performs on Friday. A very special concert performance will be given Saturday by The Jeff Kollman Explosion, a rock-jazz group anchored by guitarist Kollman, who has recorded and toured with a Who's Who of genre-spanning top talents, including Glenn Hughes, UFO and The Alan Parson's Project. More on Kollman at jeffkollman.com
Jeff Massey & Kenny Kinsey plays acoustic blues on Sunday from 6-9 p.m. More: leroyshotstuff.com or 219-926-6211.
• Tonight at Northwoods Falls (8101 Wicker Ave.) in St. John, the weekend kicks off with a 7-10 p.m. concert by TriWay, a scaled back acoustic version of region group, The Highway Band. Friday features a Led Zeppelin tribute on the outdoor patio stage by Houses of the Holy at 7 p.m., followed by a free 10 p.m. indoor stage set by The Head Honchos . On Saturday, it's party rock band NAWTY indoors at 7 p.m. An afternoon matinee concert by Chris Grove & Friends happens from 2-5 p.m. on Sunday. More: facebook.com/NorthwoodsFalls.
• The free "Saturday Sidewalk Acoustic Concert" series continues at The Record Bin (218 Main St.) this weekend in Hobart, with country-pop singer/songwriter LeAnn Stutler performing from 1 to 4 p.m. in front of the store, greeting visitors to the city's historic downtown district. More: 219-945-9511.
• The Hicks Duo are found Friday from 6-9 p.m. at Speakeasy At The Spa (333 N. Mineral Springs Road) in Porter. More: 219-934-7677 or facebook.com/hicksduo .
• Brandywine Drive performs at Finnegan's Pub (1074 Joliet St.) in Dyer on Saturday at 9 p.m. "Open Mic Jams" happen every Sunday and Tuesday at 9 p.m. at the venue. More: finnegansdyer.com or 219-865-9896.
• The "Free Portage Summer Concert Series" presented every Tuesday by Portage Chamber of Commerce at Woodland Park's Oakwood Hall (2100 Willowcreek Road) in Portage finds Keytar Jeff performing his one-man show on July 23. More: portagelife.com. or 219-762-3300.
• This columnist switches hats to play DJ on July 24 from 6-9 p.m. for the third annual free pool party presented by Pam Riddings State Farm Agency at the Hobart Community Pool (810 W. 10th St.) in Hobart. Advance wristband must be picked up in advance of the event. More info: 219-942-4512.
• The "Midwest BEAT with Tom Lounges" interview/music program airs Tuesdays from 7-8 p.m. on 89.1FM-Lakeshore Public Media. Stream at lakeshorepublicmedia.org.
"Midwest BEAT Blues" airs Sundays (4-6 p.m.) and Tuesdays (5-7 p.m.) on WIMS-AM/FM via AM-1420, 106.7FM and 95.1FM, where I also host the 6 to 9 p.m. Sunday vinyl program, "Needle Drop." Stream live at: wimsradio.com.
Opinions are solely those of the writer. Reach him at beatboss@aol.com.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Amid everything from the COVID-19 pandemic to recent upswells of influenza and RSV, vaccines have become as common a conversational topic amon…
Up-and-coming Chef of Steel Ryan Kellogg brings duck cassoulet and beef bourguignon to Michigan City's downtown dining scene.
Max was a loyal companion and a constant comfort to Joe Costello. “I helped Max stay well for several years until I euthanized him in the comf…
Del’s Crepes has opened in the space formerly occupied by “The Brass Idol” in Miller Beach.
Gourmet “ghosts” discuss trends in the commercial kitchen scene within Northwest Indiana.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.