Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
SANTA CLARA – Nick Bosa and Leonard Floyd will loom on the defensive front’s edges. Yetur Gross-Matos will be the 49ers’ next-man-up in the rotation.
Who else is there to blast in from defensive end to cause chaos?
Not Drake Jackson, who won’t participate in training camp because of January’s patellar tendon surgery on his left knee, coach Kyle Shanahan announced after Monday’s first practice in full pads.
That’s just one reason why the 49ers’ depth at defensive end remains a perennial concern.
This year, Floyd and Gross-Matos came aboard in free agency with shrewd, two-year deals. Then the 49ers curiously ignored the position with their eight draft selections.
Monday’s first training camp practice in pads provided a glimpse at how thin the 49ers are at defensive end. Bosa got practice off as part of a scheduled routine to keep him fresh for another potential Super Bowl run.
Jackson, the 49ers’ top pick in the 2022 draft, has been rehabilitating his knee for months, but there is no indication when, or if, he will come off the Physically Unable To Perform list.
“Anytime you do that type of surgery he had … those are big surgeries,” Shanahan said Monday. “It’s tough to come back from. We always know there’s a possibility to take a long time, and it will take a long time.”
Historical reference: Center Weston Richburg never played again after tearing his patellar tendon in the 49ers’ 2019 win at New Orleans. Right tackle Mike McGlinchey also suffered a tendon-related tear that cut short his 2021 season, though he returned for 2022.
Shanahan noted that they knew ahead of camp that Jackson wouldn’t participate, and that they “addressed” the depth by adding Floyd and Yetur-gross Matos. Last season, their depth issues compelled them to trade for Chase Young and Randy Gregory in their playoff push.
“We feel good with where we came in with our D-line, and five practices in, we feel good, if not better,” Shanahan said.
Inspiring hope this camp is Robert Beal Jr., a fifth-round pick last year who’s showing a stronger physique. He played sparingly in the last seven games his rookie year (54 defensive snaps, one sack). “He’s trying to be a part of our group and get in that rotation as a rusher and get better in the run game. But, I’ve been excited about Robert,” Shanahan said.
When Sam Okuayinonu tumbled to the grass in pain during Saturday’s practice, it was a sharp reminder that injuries are bound to happen and test the defensive line’s depth. The 49ers need this camp to alleviate that concern.
Austin Bryant and Alex Barrett, who’ve both toiled mostly on the practice squad in recent years, are the only other defensive ends on the roster. Barrett and Okuayinonu had impressive pass rushes Monday against fellow reserves; no one-on-one linemen drills took place.
Jackson has six sacks over his two seasons. Three came in last year’s opener, and he played 53 percent of the defensive snaps through the first four games; he did not play again after an Oct. 29 loss against Cincinnati. A second-round pick out of USC, he was not activated for five of the final six games his rookie year, including all three playoff games.
Bosa, the 2022 NFL Defensive Player of the Year, obviously stands out from the rest of his cohorts. Shanahan quipped Monday how Bosa’s absence allows the offense to work more efficiently.
For now, the four-man rotation at defensive end is set: Bosa, Floyd, Gross-Matos and Beal. They’re going to need more than those four horsemen.
Added to the interior are Maliek Collins and Jordan Elliott. Collins, fresh off playing in a similar system in Houston, said of the 49ers’ defensive line: “With these guys here it’s going to be a race to the quarterback. I don’t want to be a step behind.”
PEARSALL DEBUTS
Wide receiver Ricky Pearsall, the 49ers’ first-round draft pick, participated in offensive warmups and punt returns, after missing the past two weeks with a hamstring injury that had him on the Non-Football Injury list. He did not partake in 11-on-11 drills. “We wanted him to go today and see how it responds. And if that’s good he should be in practice tomorrow,” Shanahan said.
Also fielding punts were Trent Taylor and Ronnie Bell. Taylor’s experience in the offense from his 2017-20 stint and his experience as a return specialist has Shanahan excited to have him back on the roster.
OTHER INJURY UPDATES
Right guard Spencer Burford did not practice and he’s slated to visit another doctor before possibly undergoing surgery on his fractured right hand.
Running back Isaac Guerendo (hamstring) is expected to miss a couple more weeks. Jacob Cowing and Tay Martin also have hamstring issues but are expected back next week.
PURDY’S PICKS APLENTY
Brock Purdy got intercepted three times, including by Fred Warner and George Odum on red zone drills. The other interception came when Deommodore Lenoir cut off tight end Brayden Willis’ route near the sideline.
Purdy’s first throw of red zone action appeared to target Logan Thomas, and it caromed off Isaac Yiadom into Warner’s diving hands. Purdy’s next pass sailed past Chris Conley, followed by a Rendardo Green break up, then a broken-play fade to Deebo Samuel, who caught the pass in the corner of the end zone but had already stepped out of bounds, officials ruled.
Lenoir’s interception showed his ball-hawking skills as he beat Willis to the ball and landed on the second-year tight end.
When the 49ers began another red zone drill, Purdy again opened with an interception, which Odum easily made on the ball targeted for Deebo Samuel.
PRACTICE NOTES
— Green, a rookie cornerback, had tight coverage before breaking up a fade pass intended for Jauan Jennings in the end zone.
— Rookie tight end Mason Pline made a nice catch on a 15-yard toss by Josh Dobbs.
— Left tackle Trent Williams and wide receiver Brandon Aiyuk remained out of action amid contract disputes.
— Resting were Bosa, Christian McCaffrey, Kyle Juszczyk and Jake Brendel; tight end George Kittle and cornerback Charvarius Ward were kept out of 11-on-11 drills.
— Samuel was knocked to the ground twice on incidental contact in the opening period, first on a hit by Ji’Ayir Brown and the second on a clothesline by Tayler Hawkins.
— Kicker Jake Moody made all his field-goal attempts to close out practice; he has missed only one attempt this camp.
— Collins said he and Javon Hargrave are expected to complement each other, adding: “With his game and ability to win, at the speed he has through the A gap and B gap, it is something I can learn to speed up my rushes.”
— Dominick Puni lined up as the first-string right guard for a third straight practice.
— Tight end Cameron Latu made his first catch in team drills this camp.
— Danny Gray broke open on a post route but Dobbs’ pass sailed too high on practice’s final offensive play; Gray responded by repeatedly punching the goal-post pad in frustration.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group