E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Jacoby Brissett isn’t the problem. Drake Maye isn’t the solution.
So the New England Patriots will go another week — at least — with the veteran journeyman Brissett at starting quarterback before turning things over to Maye, the rookie first-round draft pick and acknowledged quarterback of the future.
“It’s still status quo,” coach Jerod Mayo said Friday, a day after the team’s 24-3 loss to the New York Jets. “Jacoby’s still our starting quarterback, and we’ve got to be ready to support him. There are 11 guys out there on offense, so it’s everyone.”
After a surprisingly good start to the season — beating Cincinnati and going to overtime against Seattle — the Patriots crashed in their AFC East opener Thursday night against Aaron Rodgers and the Jets. Brissett completed 12 of 18 passes for 98 yards and was sacked five times, limping away from one of the 10 hits he took.
“It’s football. I’m supposed to get hit. I didn’t sign up for this sport to not get hit, so I don’t really pay attention to that,” Brissett said after spending most of the game trying to avoid a Jets pass rush that overwhelmed the injury-riddle Patriots offensive line.
“Those guys, they’re battling their (butts) off, man. And I tip my hat to them,” Brissett said. “It’s not an easy job. Honestly, I don’t want that job. But I respect those guys for going out there and just trying their best, and that’s all you can ask for, man. It’s just, give me your best. I’m going to give them my best and at the end of the day, we’ll see where we’re at.”
Brissett was pulled in the final five minutes and replaced by Maye, who went 4 for 8 for 22 yards in his NFL debut but was sacked twice in his lone series on the field — including one to end the game.
Mayo said he considered keeping the rookie off the field to protect him. “But at the same time I thought it was too good of an opportunity for him to get out there and get some experience,” the coach said.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group