Human-induced climate change is causing shifts in the world’s largest ocean current and westerly wind systems also seen during periods of ice age and warmer intervals in Earth’s history, researchers claim.
Their study highlighted the role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current (ACC) in regulating dynamics in the Southern Ocean and global climate patterns over the past 1.5 million years.
The international team, led by Cardiff University researchers, showed how southern migration of the westerly winds and the ACC towards the pole during periods of past global warming increased the amount of natural carbon released to the atmosphere by the Southern Ocean.
The team warned that human-induced climate change has brought about a similar process, which is underway today and likely to continue under global warming without appropriate climate action.
Their findings offer vital insights into how heat, salt, and carbon-rich waters flow, filling a critical gap in the understanding of ocean circulation and its relationship with past and future global climate changes.
“Our study highlights the complex interplay between ocean currents and climate patterns,” said lead author Dr Aidan Starr.
“As our planet continues to warm, comprehending these patterns is essential for predicting future changes in ocean dynamics and climate systems.”
The Southern Ocean plays a central role in the global uptake of heat and carbon, with approximately 40% of annual global CO2 emissions absorbed by the world’s oceans entering through this region.
This phenomenon is largely attributed to its unique upwelling and circulation characteristics.
The team reconstructed the speed of ocean currents near the bottom of the Southern Ocean by measuring marine sediment core material retrieved on Expedition 361 of the International Ocean Drilling Program.
They uncovered systematic variations in the strength and position of the ACC during periods with extensive ice sheets known as glacial periods or ice ages, and in the warmer times without them, known as interglacial periods.
Their findings suggest that during particularly warm periods, known as super-interglacials, the mid-latitude ACC slows down, while the flow in the high-latitude Drake Passage, where the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans meet, accelerates.
This indicates a poleward shift in the Southern Hemisphere’s westerly winds, which coincides with a strengthening and similar southward shift of the ACC during warmer climatic conditions.
The team says this southward shift in the ACC and westerly wind systems has massive implications for the way the Southern Ocean absorbs heat and carbon.
Dr Starr added: “The urgency for comprehensive climate action has never been clearer, given the delicate balance that exists within these oceanic systems.
“By linking ACC flow patterns with the flow of water from the deep ocean to the surface, we gain a clearer understanding of how these dynamics have varied over millennia and what this means for our current climate trajectory.”
The paper, Shifting Antarctic Circumpolar Current South Of Africa Over The Past 1.9 million Years, is published in the journal Science Advances.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.