By: Author Jack Ori 
The news about Drake Hogestyn is heartbreaking. 
The Days of Our Lives superstar was relatively young when pancreatic cancer took his life, and most fans didn’t realize he was sick.
Our TV Fanatic writers, Jack Ori and Laura Nowak, took some time to share their reactions to the news, recall their favorite storylines, and discuss how the soap can move forward now that an actor so vital to the series is no longer with us.
Jack: I was heartbroken when I heard that Drake Hogestyn had passed away.
I had no idea that he was sick, although I’d noticed he had been getting thinner in his last few appearances. Were you expecting this at all?
Laura: No. I noticed he looked thinner and tired as well. 
I was also curious and concerned when he was off the show for six weeks, but with Days that could have been storyline-dictated. So, I was also shocked and heartbroken.
Jack: Yeah, I assumed he was either on vacation or it was part of the story.
Jack: The news broke today that Drake Hogestyn had not taped any more scenes after the ones we saw a few weeks ago, where he and Marlena discussed the plot twist that Brady had been accused of running Sarah over.
In a way, it seemed like a fitting final scene for him and Marlena to talk about how much they loved each other, but I wish he’d been able to do one or two more. 
How do you feel about what turned out to be his last scene?
Laura: I’m relieved that Marlena and him told each other how much they loved each other and that his final scene was hugging Brady. 
I’m also relieved he got so many final scenes with his family but I am disappointed we don’t get more, especially with his daughters not home.
Jack: Yes, same. I’m also hoping that Dick Van Dyke is willing and able to do another guest appearance if and when they have a funeral on-screen.
Laura: Do you think they’ve already planned or filmed it with some of the returns planned for next year? 
Alison Sweeney is returning, Christie Clark spoke of being in LA, and Bo and Hope are back.
Jack: I’m wondering that too. I’ve seen some speculation about it among fan groups.
They tape eight months ahead and Drake Hogestyn just passed away now.
 But if he was too sick to work in the past few months, they might have realized that he wasn’t going to survive much longer and prepared in advance.
Laura: Twitter was hopping today with speculation about that. I suspect they planned ahead with some of these big returns. 
Jack: I hope so. I don’t think they planned ahead at all with Bill Hayes, and now his funeral will be almost a year after his real-life death, which is not great.
Jack: Have you seen the tributes to Drake Hogestyn on Twitter and Instagram? He was truly loved by his co-stars and fans alike.
Laura: Oh yes. The ones that made me cry the most were the ones from his TV kids and Stephen Nichols.
Jack: Yes! Stephen Nichols really got me. Also Christopher Sean’s.
There have also been a few messages from fans who talk about how watching John Black got them through tough times in their own lives.
A post shared by Stephen Nichols (@stephen_e_nichols)
Laura: Those were encouraging. He’s touched so many lives. 
I felt for so much of the cast, but especially Christie [Clark] and Ali [Sweeney], who have known him since they were young.
Jack: I’ve been watching since around the time Drake Hogestyn started. 
I remember when he was “Roman,” and one of my clearest memories is when Marlena supposedly died in a plane crash. 
When she was discovered alive, as so often happens in Salem,  he said, “But I saw the plane… I saw the plane go down.” and couldn’t quite fathom that she was actually not dead.
Laura: I didn’t start until the 1990s and my first storyline was when Kristen brought Roman back alive, and John and Marlena had to fight their feelings in 1997.
Jack: I remember that love triangle! I always gave Marlena a pass on “cheating” because, for so many years, she believed John WAS Roman.
John was with a couple of other people while Marlena was allegedly dead: Isabella and Diana (who wasn’t evil then). 
Isabella died, ironically, of pancreatic cancer, before Marlena returned.
Do you think Marlena was still the love of John’s life at that point?
Laura:  I always thought John carried on with his life the best he could. 
I know he loved both women deeply, especially Izzy B. 
That stings by the way that Drake Hogestyn died in real life of the same thing Isabella did in the show. 
I do think Marlena was his true love, but I also know you can love people differently.
Jack:  I agree. I think he had more than one great love.  
Love was in the air with Izzy B, but Marlena was always his first love, and he was beyond grateful to get her back.
Drake Hogestyn was on for so long that we got to see John grow from a younger leading man to a grandfather. What were some of your favorite stories over the years?
Laura: I spent the day looking at some clips. The Pawn was a classic, and even though I didn’t like it initially, I’m glad they revisited it.
Jack: I liked the original Pawn story better than the revisit. 
However, in retrospect, I’m glad that one of Drake’s final stories was an homage to his first story.
Laura: John and Marlena’s affair set off years of storylines. 
That night of passion created Belle, their own blood-related child together. 
Because of that night, Sami had issues with both for years, yet she eventually formed a loving relationship with him because she recognized how much he loved her.
Jack: Yes! In later years, I enjoyed when John suffered an aneurysm after yelling at Sami, and it made him more emotional. 
It was a shame that the story seemed to have been dropped after a few months.
Sami’s guilt and her feeling that everyone blamed her for his condition were strong, too.
Laura: I also appreciated how much John loved Sami and Eric even after he returned them to Roman and how he reminded Eric of that and he understood Eric’s pain with Jude.
Jack: Yes, I liked that, too. Also, John was the only one who knew how to handle Rachel when she was acting out because Brady and Kristen were apart. 
Brady was being too nice because he felt bad for her, and John had the perfect blend of empathy and sternness.
Laura: Yes, John was a wonderful grandfather.
Jack: Speaking of Roman, it was great that after time had passed and they were no longer romantic rivals who needed to hate each other for the sake of drama, he and John became friends.
Another earlier storyline I loved was the original Orpheus story. 
Orpheus is the kind of villain I love, even though I wouldn’t want to hang out with him, when used properly.
His first story made more sense because, at the time, he thought John was Roman.
 It was a brilliant plot, too, with Orpheus faking Marlena’s death and making her take care of his twins instead of her own because he blamed Roman for his wife’s death. 
Laura: Yes, the recent one didn’t work as well.
Jack: The recent one was weird because, at this point, he knows John is not the guy he has a problem with, but I think they wanted to recreate their rivalry because it had originated with Drake Hogestyn.
Laura: I also enjoyed the RoboJohn storyline. It seems like every character gets amnesia, but it was fun to see Drake stretch his humorous vibes.
Jack: Yes, that was a lot of fun!  
The aftermath of the Shoot the Bride story, when John decided to switch Marlena with Hattie so that Marlena could secretly continue to receive treatment, was somewhat silly, but I did like John’s dedication to Marlena.
Laura: Absolutely. I liked it when they added some humor, but too much camp is over the top.
Jack: When Hattie shows up, it tends to go too far.
Laura: I hated that Drake Hogestyn never got an Emmy after the Shoot the Bride storyline. 
John was so emotional with Marlena in her bloodied gown and having to deal with feuding daughters and Sami’s guilt.
Jack: Yeah, he deserved an Emmy for that. 
His recent work with his guilt over having shot Katerina was also so strong that he should get a posthumous nomination.
Laura: I hope he gets a Lifetime Achievement award.
Jack: Me too! If anyone deserves one, it’s him, and I think it would be gratifying for his family to be able to accept it in his honor.
Laura: What do you think will happen to the show with John and Marlena gone? They’ve been a vital part of it for so long.
Jack: That’s going to be  rough. I’m hoping Marlena will stay around a while longer after John’s death.
I’m also wondering what will happen with Brady’s storyline. 
John was one of the people giving him support and trying to convince him not to plead guilty. He seemed to be heading toward a story where John investigates because this doesn’t add up in his mind.
While Days of Our Lives doesn’t do police procedural stories well, this was an interesting angle. But Drake Hogestyn’s passing obviously means that this will not continue.
Laura: I wonder if someone else will. 
It seems like Black Patch has become non-existent. They need a younger generation of investigators.
Jack:  If Bo and Hope would come back full-time, Steve and Bo could take over for now.
But we need Paul and some other younger people to come back.
Holly seemed interested in snooping, and when Thomas grows up a bit, he’d be a perfect addition since, even as a kid, he is always investigating something.
Laura:  I also wonder how long Eric will be around to support Brady, but we absolutely need Paul and Andrew back to investigate and to stay on screen.
Jack:  I don’t see how Eric can stay long-term with Nicole and Jude, supposedly in Paris.
Paul and Andrew would be the best option. They’re so cute together, too.
I do think that losing three veteran actors in the last year or two shows how important it is to ensure that a younger generation gets lots of stories.
When Tom and Alice died, it was sad, but there were also plenty of next-generation characters to help ensure the series continued.
Laura: No one can fill Drake Hogestyn’s shoes, but they need multi-generational stories. Getting Paul and Andrew and/or Shawn and Belle would help a lot.
Jack:  I’d love for all of John’s kids to be in Salem. Belle, Brady, and Paul should be there to carry the torch now that Drake is gone.
Sami and Eric will likely both be recurring, Eric because they are writing out Nicole, and Sami because Alison Sweeney is too busy to return to Days full-time.
Laura: Absolutely. I don’t remember the last time all of the adult kids were around. 
Most of them were there when John and Eric saved Marlena from the last possession at Christmas in 
They were only missing Paul and Carrie.
Jack:  It’s been about an hour, so we should  wrap this up. Any last thoughts before we do?
Laura: I feel for Drake’s family, co-workers and the fans
Jack: Me too. His loss hit me hard, and I know it was even harder for those who were close to him.
Over to you, Days of Our Lives fanatics. 
What thoughts would you like to share about Drake Hogestyn and what his presence on Days of Our Lives meant to you?
Hit the comments and let us know.
Days of Our Lives streams exclusively on Peacock. New episodes drop on weekday mornings at 6/5c.
Posted on Published: October 1, 2024
Jack Ori is a senior staff writer for TV Fanatic. His debut young adult novel, Reinventing Hannah, is available on Amazon.
Categories Editorials
Only Murders in the Building Season 4 Episode 6 Review: Blow-Up
Billy the Kid Renewed For Third and Final Season at MGM+
Elizabeth
Tuesday 1st of October 2024
I am so sorry to hear about Drake Hogestyn my condolences to his family now to Deidre Hall. I am deeply sorry he has been your partner for all these years.  😔
Copyright © 2025 TV Fanatic
Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!