About 40 tents popped up on the Quad’s lawn in May, and organizers expect people to bring more to what’s billed as Popular University for the Liberation of Palestine. With a list of demands posted at the entry, the encampment is enclosed with black plastic fencing and individuals, like the person shown here, guarding the perimeter, covering their faces with the traditional Arab headdress — the keffiyeh, or hatta. 
To “ensure a safe, inclusive campus climate that fosters a free exchange of ideas across the University of California,” UC President Mike Drake issued a statement on Aug. 19 that calls for “ways we can strengthen and clarify our policies and procedures together.” He announced steps to facilitate more consistency across our locations, including:
* Clarifying and reinforcing requirements for policies impacting expressive activities, including policies that prohibit camping or encampments, unauthorized structures, restrictions on free movement, masking to conceal identity and refusing to reveal one’s identity when asked to do so by university personnel;
* Developing a framework for consistent implementation of policies and for consistent responses to policy violations;
* Issuing guidance for notifications about campus climate resources and policies, in response to the California State Budget Bill; and
* Launching a UC Campus Climate Initiative to help all UC locations develop campus-climate action plans for fall 2024 and beyond.
In response, the United Auto Workers 4811 issued a demand to bargain in response to the protest policies. 
“The law is clear — UC cannot unilaterally change the terms of our employment,” said Max Green, graduate student researcher at UC Berkeley, in a press release. “We are demanding that UC come to the bargaining table to negotiate this profound new limit on our ability to exercise our free speech rights within our workplace.”
In a June 20 statement  on the UCD encampment — which was up for six weeks in the quad — Chancellor Gary May affirmed that since it began on May 6, university officials “met with encampment leaders several times to listen and engage in dialogue about the group’s concerns.” 
He also expressed gratitude “to all who have worked hard to maintain a campus where members of our community can peacefully express themselves” and a redoubling of UCD’s “commitment to providing a safe environment for all, protecting peaceful, free expression, and assuring that our mission of teaching, research and public service continues without disruption.” He stated that students remained peaceful throughout the encampment and de-escalated challenging situations.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Get the latest headlines on local sports!
Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email.
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.