Las Vegas Raiders wide receiver Davante Adams (17) warms up before an NFL football game against the Baltimore Ravens, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)AP
We’re running a mailbag on Thursdays during the season. If you have questions on the Patriots, NFL, or want gripe about past answers, email cmason@masslive.com or tweet @bychrismason. Now let’s get to this week’s questions!
Should the Patriots pursue Davante Adams? — Amy
Nope. This a fit that doesn’t make sense on any level.
Though New England is in need of a No. 1 wideout, Adams doesn’t check any of the boxes they need given how early they are in this rebuild. The Raiders are currently seeking a second-rounder for Adams, and even when that price inevitably drops, it still doesn’t make sense.
The Patriots aren’t in a position to give up real draft assets for a wideout that turns 32 later this season — especially one that’s trying to shoot his way out of town again. New England already has Pop Douglas going palms up because he doesn’t think he’s getting enough targets. What happens when Adams enters the fold and isn’t getting the ball in a place that he has no desire to be at in the first place? Beyond that, his contract is horrible — Adams is still due $36.25 million in 2025 and 2026 — and his production is dipping.
If Eliot Wolf is clear-eyed rebuilding this team the right way, there’s no chance Adams ends up in Foxborough.
What week does Drake Maye start? — @floydianship
This has been the question of the season, but I think it’s particularly interesting this week because of the way Jacoby Brissett played in San Francisco. It was the first week where I looked at the film and felt Brissett was a significant part of the problem. He’s been hit so much this season that he’s starting to see ghosts in the pocket and there’s a case that he should be benched, but it’s a Catch-22, because that’s exactly what the Patriots don’t want to happen with Maye.
David Andrews’ injury throws a new wrench into things too, though when I asked Jerod Mayo how it alters Maye’s plan, the coach was dismissive.
“I would say those are independent of each other,” Mayo said. “You always want to have a veteran center in there, but with that said, they don’t tie in together.”
Ultimately, the longer this season goes on, the later I think we’ll see Maye — and not just because more time is elapsing! The current offensive situation just isn’t conducive to growing a rookie quarterback; if the offensive line can’t hold a block, how is Maye going to develop? He already had enough helter-skelter at North Carolina.
So I’ll say Week 15 in Arizona after the bye.
Now that we are a quarter of the way through the season what can we expect for the next quarter given all the Patriots injuries and the struggles of the Dolphins and Jaguars? — Jon G.
I don’t think the Patriots are as good as they looked against the Bengals nor are they as bad as they looked against the Jets and 49ers. I think the truth is somewhere in the middle, and that’s what you should see in the next 4 weeks: Competitive, if underwhelming, football.
The Dolphins and Jags are both bottom-tier teams and the Texans haven’t played to their potential. Those could all be competitive games. They finish the next quarter with the Jets, but that’s at home and not on a short week like last time, so that should conceivably be a better game too.
An optimist would say they’re 2-2 through here, a realist would point to 1-3. Either way, it should be more watchable than the last two weeks have been.
Why has the defense regressed so much? — Conor M.
Two reasons jump out at me: Lack of talent and lack of fundamentals. Both are significant.
The Patriots have lost Christian Barmore, Matthew Judon, and Ja’Whaun Bentley and that can’t be ignored. Those were probably three of their Top 5 players on that side of the ball heading into the season.
But the players that are out there aren’t playing disciplined enough football either. They’re losing the edge, running past the quarterback when pass rushing — always a no-no in New England — and not tackling well. It led Davon Godchaux to speak his mind earlier this week.
“We just all gotta get on the same page,” Godchaux said on WEEI. “We got guys — just being honest — some guys just being kind of selfish.”
He’s right and added that the key to getting the defense moving in the same direction is simple.
“(Being) fundamentally sound,” Godchaux said. “The things we work on every day. Setting the edge. Forcing the ball back inside. Rushing the passer. Converting on pass rush. Everything we do in drills... for the last three years I’ve been here, we’ve had a Top 10 defense. That shouldn’t change just because we got rid of a couple guys. There’s a couple guys not here (but) it’s all still the same techniques. It’s all still the same drills we do. We’ve just got to apply them on Sunday.”
Could the Patriots trade anyone at the deadline to gain additional draft capital? — Mike M.
Yes.
Jonathan Jones, Deatrich Wise and Joshua Uche are all veteran pieces on expiring deals that could fetch something when the deadline rolls around.
Prediction for Patriots-Dolphins? — Justin M.
Patriots 16, Dolphins 15: New England steals one on special teams.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices