Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Red Sox Vs. Twins Lineups: Minor Changes After Triston Casas Injury
Red Sox Place Triston Casas On Injured List, Call Up Replacement
Red Sox Reportedly Have 'No Plans' To Follow Popular Theory
Four External Red Sox First Base Options After Triston Casas Injury
FOXBORO, Mass. -- Drake Maye and Jacoby Brissett technically have been involved in a position battle since the New England Patriots opened training camp on July 24.
It's starting to become abundantly clear -- if it wasn't already -- that Maye has a long way to go before earning that top spot, though.
"Jacoby's a great leader," Patriots tight end Austin Hooper said following Monday's practice. "He's super, super knowledgeable, very experienced, been in this offense for a long time. He's a great resource to talk to, just the way he sees the game, the way he can communicate with his teammates."
Hooper was also asked about Maye and gave an answer that tells the whole story of New England's quarterback competition.
Story continues below advertisement
"He has a big arm, athletic, talented, good guy, good worth ethic," Hooper said. "He's got the right mindset. I think we're all just very happy with how committed he is and how hard he's working."
Maye is working hard. He has the tools. His teammates can see the work he's putting in. Does any of that have anything to do with what he's actually doing on the field? No.
Brissett continued to distance himself in the so-called "competition" Monday, having what might have been his best practice of camp on the first day of full pads. He completed 12-of-17 total passes in competitive team drills, finding Javon Baker, Ja'Lynn Polk and Tyquan Thornton for explosive plays that really riled up the crowd. 
Brissett's strike to Polk, in particular, was surprising, as he evaded pressure and dropped a nice touch pass behind the defense into the waiting arms of his rookie receiver. It was about as athletic a move as you'll see the 31-year-old pull off.
Story continues below advertisement
It shouldn't be understated how much Brissett benefitted from playing with the top unit, though. Caedan Wallace-Sidy Sow-Nick Leverett-Mike Onwenu-Chukwuma Okorafor repped as the top offensive line, with David Andrews missing practice altogether, and showed exactly why you should hold off on judging the trench battle until pads come on.
It was their best day of camp, for certain.
Bake brings it down 👀@JBrissett12 | @Javondbaker1 pic.twitter.com/O33I7TSmSu
Maye wasn't necessarily awful, but he wasn't able to overcome playing with the second unit. He completed just 3-of-11 passes in competitive periods, though three of those incompletions could be considered drops. Bailey Zappe (3-for-4) and Joe Milton III (4-for-5) had better days in terms of completion percentage.
Story continues below advertisement
Maye was on the field for three "sacks" by the defense, trying to take off with his legs but still not being able to do much with the collapsing offensive line in front of him. Baker, Jacob Warren and Kayshon Boutte were his receivers on the three completions, while Calvin Anderson-Michael Jordan-Atonio Mafi-Layden Robinson-Vederian Lowe made up his offensive line from left to right.
It wasn't a good day for Maye, but did he have much of a chance?
The Patriots will continue to get him second-team reps, but as camp moves on, it can be expected that he gets more time with the top receivers. It's when the 21-year-old is throwing to guys like Polk, Hunter Henry, Rhamondre Stevenson and DeMario Douglas that we can get a better understanding of where he's at.
Until then? Brissett's the guy.
Story continues below advertisement
Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Featured image via Eric Canha/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network