Tom Day, the 70-year-old outgoing general manager of Gunstock Mountain Resort, has spent almost his entire adult life in the ski industry. In stepping away from Gunstock, Day takes with him a wealth of knowledge about New Hampshire ski areas that may well be unrivaled.
“Everybody that’s in this business is in it because they like the adversity of it, the challenge of it, being out in the elements and interacting with people,” Day said. “Everybody in this group that’s successful has got something wrong with them. And they like it.”
A native of Maine, Day and his family moved to Manchester, N.H., after his father was transferred. Day started working as a lift attendant at Tom Corcoran’s Waterville Valley Resort in 1978, and was soon recruited for the lift maintenance crew. During his stint as mountain manager, Waterville Valley built one of the region’s first detachable ski lifts, expanded snowmaking, and improved grooming.
By the time he left Waterville Valley following the purchase by the Sununu family, Day had been running the resort as general manager and vice president for more than a dozen years. He worked for several owners, including the Corcoran family, Preston Smith’s S-K-I LTD, Les Otten’s American Ski Company, and finally the California-based Booth Creek Resorts until 2010.
Advertisement
Day retired from the ski business, splitting time between a second home in Park City, Utah, and New England. He tried his hand with a family-based business in Rhode Island, and was brought on as general manager to complete a renovation of the state welcome centers near the Hooksett tollbooths on Interstate 93.
Advertisement
In early 2020, Rusty McLear and Gary Kiedaisch, members of the Gunstock Area Commission, lured Day out of his second retirement to implement new initiatives at the historic resort in Gilford, N.H. Day, an avid skier, said he was intrigued by the potential of Gunstock, which was built in the 1930s by the Works Progress Administration..
“I didn’t want anything to do with some gigantic ski area or some corporate thing,” he said. “I just thought this could be an interesting endeavor. I wanted to go in there and see if I could make a difference.”
With Robert Drake taking over the reins as general manager in early August, Day has reduced his hours, finishing up a few final projects at the resort while enjoying his home on Peaks Island, Maine. Spry and energetic, Day remains bullish on Gunstock and New England skiing, and was willing to share a few lessons learned.
‘We’re not magicians’
Conspiracy theories aside, Day said ski area operators are well aware that the vagaries of New England winters have only gotten worse over the past decade. But it’s nothing new.
“The ski business has always been a challenge, whether it’s climate change, whether it’s the jet stream getting hung up in Canada and you don’t get any cold weather,” he said. “There were plenty of times, even at Waterville, where we had bad winters before anyone was talking about climate change.”
Ski area operators have become much more adept at making snow quickly and efficiently, saving both time and money, said Day. Improvements in grooming technology ensure that the manmade snow lasts longer, and covers more terrain.
Advertisement
Gunstock, said Day, employs a SnowRight GPS system, which determines the depth of snow underneath the grooming machines, much like a boat’s depth finder.
“We try to put an average of 2 feet on every trail,” he said. “So when we’re making these big wavy piles of snow, we can go out and push them out and see how much snow we have.”
But the job isn’t getting any easier.
“We’re not magicians,” Day said. “We need to have Mother Nature cooperate.”
Preserving Granite State ski lore
Unlike many septuagenarians, Day doesn’t wax nostalgic about “the good old days” of skiing, harkening back to rope tows and ski trains. Though he’s worked for two of the state’s most historic ski areas, he’s not opposed to the influx of giant ski corporations. He understands the advantages of Vail’s Epic Pass (Wildcat, Attitash, Sunapee, Crotched Mountain) or Alterra’s Ikon Pass (Loon Mountain).
“They certainly introduced a lot more people to skiing, or made skiing a little more affordable with the passes,” said Day. “They run their businesses well. They put a bunch of money into stuff — new lifts and all kinds of improvements. But it’s not my cup of tea.”
In Gunstock, Day saw an underperforming resource with a great backstory.
“Gunstock is a great area, because you’re drawing from the seacoast of New Hampshire, the coast in Maine, central New Hampshire, Massachusetts,” he said. “You’ve got all the people that live on Lake Winnipesaukee that use their summer homes as ski homes. The idea of master planning was interesting. Then I looked at the financials, and I wondered why it didn’t make more money.”
Advertisement
Day’s tenure at Gunstock, by almost any measure, was a success. Annual revenues increased from $12 million to $20 million, with $5 million in reserves, while $18 million was invested in capital improvements.
“And we didn’t borrow a dime,” said Day. “There’s a long history of families skiing at Gunstock for generations and generations. And people like it because we were improving it.”
Community-owned ski areas
Despite Day’s achievements, Gunstock became the center of a political maelstrom in 2022. The county-owned entity comes under the oversight of the Gunstock Area Commission, a five-member board appointed by the Belknap County Delegation, a group of 18 state representatives.
Initially, Day had the commission’s full support. But as the makeup of the delegation changed, so did the commission. Two new members — Peter Ness and David Strang — began micromanaging operations, said Day. It was no longer the job he signed up for.
After one contentious meeting in July 2022, Day and his management team quit en masse. The move threatened the resort’s summer programs and the entire 2022-23 ski season.
Residents rallied behind a “Save Gunstock” campaign, demanding more accountability from the commission. Day said the Gunstock management team prevailed because “the community came out in force.”
“Some 250 people showed up in the base lodge the day they told those guys [Ness and Strang] to resign,” said Day. “It looked like something from the ‘Lord of the Flies.’ But the community stood up for what was right for that ski area.”
Ness and Strang resigned within a week, clearing the way for Day and his staff to return.
Day said the upheaval in 2022 was a learning experience, but he believes Gunstock is on solid footing moving forward. The new commissioners are supportive, and Belknap County residents are more vigilant.
Advertisement
“Could it happen again? I don’t know,” said Day. “I think there’s just too many people watching. This episode woke everybody up. I think there’s too much awareness for that to happen again.”
Day is not only confident in his management crew and resort staff, who remain in place, but also in Drake.
“He’s a good guy,” said Day. “He’s got experience at Bridger Bowl [in Montana], and he’s got experience at Middlebury Snowbowl [in Vermont]. He’s really excited. He’s got a great staff to work with, and he understands that.”
Globe correspondent Brion O’Connor can be reached at brionoc@verizon.net.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information