Two rookie quarterbacks will go head-to-head on Sunday after Caleb Williams and the Chicago Bears host Drake Maye and the New England Patriots.
Chicago is coming off a blowout loss to the Arizona Cardinals, dropping to 4-4 overall on the season and into the No. 8 seed in the NFC.
Meanwhile, Maye helped the Patriots force overtime against the Tennessee Titans, but the Patriots ended up coming up short. While New England covered in the game, it’s a little troubling that a previously one-win Titans team was able to knock off New England. 
Now, the Patriots are 6.5-point underdogs on the road in Week 10.
Here’s a breakdown of the odds, betting trends and key players to watch for this Sunday afternoon matchup. 
Odds via DraftKings Sportsbook.
Spread
Moneyline
Total
Drake Maye: The No. 3 overall pick in the 2024 NFL Draft, Maye has looked solid at times since taking over the starter. Overall, he has six touchdown passes and four interceptions, throwing for 770 yards while completing 65.6 percent of his passes. Can he lead the Patriots to an upset this week?
Caleb Williams: After rolling his ankle late in the loss to the Arizona Cardinals in Week 9, Williams will look to get the Bears back in the playoff mix with a win over New England. On the season, Williams is completing 61.4 percent of his passes for nine touchdowns and five interceptions. 
While the Bears have turned in back-to-back awful offensive performances – 24 total points – in losses to the Washington Commanders and Cardinals.
However, I think they’re in a prime spot to bounce back at home, where they are undefeated against the spread this season.
When favored, the Bears are also 3-0 against the spread, a sign that they should be able to handle business against a New England team that could be headed for the No. 1 pick in the 2025 NFL Draft. 
The Patriots are a bottom 10 team in yards per play allowed, and their offense simply hasn’t been good enough – even with Maye under center – to trust in almost any matchup. It took a miracle touchdown pass as time was expiring from Maye to force overtime and a cover in Week 9.
I think the Bears will bounce back at home this week. 
Pick: Bears -6.5 (-108)
Odds refresh periodically and are subject to change.
If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Peter is a senior editor for Sports Illustrated Betting. He has worked as a writer and editor for BetSided, NBC Sports, the Connecticut Sun and the Meriden Record-Journal covering the NBA, WNBA, NFL, MLB, and more. A New York City resident, he is a hoops fanatic with a soft spot for his New York Knicks.
Follow @peterdewey2
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.