ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 11: Taylor Swift attends "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" Concert ... More Movie World Premiere at AMC The Grove 14 on October 11, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. Future has scored 49 new Hot 100 hits throughout 2024. A few more and he'll match Taylor Swift's all-time record of 54 new wins in one year. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
Future dominates the American music charts this week. The rapper’s new project Mixtape Pluto opens at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, earning the superstar his third new leader of 2024. As the full-length scores an important debut, all of the songs featured on the studio effort also become hits.
The 17 tracks that make up Mixtape Pluto all debut on the Hot 100 this week. With more than a dozen new wins on the most competitive songs ranking published by Billboard, the hip-hop powerhouse takes a giant leap toward matching an all-time record recently established by the most successful musical artist on the planet.
In 2023, Taylor Swift scored 54 new hits on the Hot 100. She achieved the amazing feat with a combination of tracks from the re-recorded Taylor’s Versions of both Speak Now and 1989, as well as a few other quick successes not attached to either project.
That total stands as the greatest number of debuts on the chart in a single calendar year by any musician, according to Billboard. Thanks to his latest collection, Future is not far from matching—or perhaps even topping—that impressive and historic accomplishment.
Including his 17 new Hot 100 wins, Future has accrued 49 new hits on the tally in 2024. In addition to the cuts from Mixtape Pluto, the rapper earned dozens of new hits from his collaborative albums We Don’t Trust You and We Still Don’t Trust You, both with producer Metro Boomin.
Future has not announced any new music...though he did release a new mixtape just over a week ago. He’s known for working at a furious pace, so it wouldn’t be surprising if he collaborates with others in the pop or hip-hop space and adds new Hot 100 entries before the year ends. He could even share another full project, though it's yet to be seen if he'll actually be able to tie or surpass Swift.
Throughout his career, Future has placed 217 songs on the Hot 100. That’s the third-most of all time. With his new collection of hit songs, the rapper passes the cast of Glee, who held the No. 3 spot on this all-time ranking until this week.
Drake continues to lead all artists, with 338 hits on the Hot 100, a number that rises regularly. Taylor Swift holds the second spot with 264 appearances.