Stacker compiled voter demographics for each state and Washington, D.C., using the 2019 U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey (released in September 2020). 
The Montana Department of Revenue will be at East Helena City Hall 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sept. 24 assist any homeowners with their Property Tax Rebate.
The visit was organized by the city of East Helena.
Entrance to East Helena
No appointment is necessary. To learn more about the rebate, please go to: www.getmyrebate.mt.gov.
The Lewis and Clark County Elections Office will offer a final training opportunity to qualify volunteers to serve as election judges for the Nov. 5 general election.
The training will be held 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sept. 24 in the Helena Civic Center Ballroom, 340 Neill Ave.
Election judges play an important role during elections by staffing polling places, preparing ballots and providing other assistance while protecting the integrity of the election process.
Previous election experience is not required, but people interested in becoming election judges must be at least 18 and registered to vote in Lewis and Clark County. All new and returning election judges must attend training provided by the county elections office before they can serve.
Those interested in becoming an election judge should contact the Lewis and Clark County Elections Office at 406-447-8339 or elections@lccountymt.gov.
For more information, visit www.lccountymt.gov/vote.
Loved ones, caregivers and supporters of Montanans living with Alzheimer’s disease will gather Sept. 21 for the Helena Walk to End Alzheimer’s.
One of six Alzheimer’s Association of Montana Walks to End Alzheimer’s in 2024, the walk in Helena will raise funds to provide essential services to families and support research to find a cure. The walk has a fundraising goal of $42,500. Collectively, the six Montana walks have a target of $318,950.
There are 21,000 Montanans among more than 7 million Americans living with Alzheimer’s, the seventh-leading cause of death and the only leading disease without a prevention or cure.
The proceeds from the walks are the primary source of funds for the Alzheimer’s Association of Montana, enabling it to continue to provide the information, programs and services for those who receive an Alzheimer’s diagnosis, as well as services for their family and caregivers. All of those services are provided at no charge.
The Helena walk's opening ceremonies begin at 11 a.m. Sept. 21 at Memorial Park, 1203 N. Last Chance Gulch, Helena. Registration and pre-event festivities start at 10 a.m.
To register, volunteer or make a donation to any of the six Montana Walks to End Alzheimer’s, go to www.alz.org/walk. For more information, call the free 24/7 Alzheimer’s Association Helpline at 800-272-3900, or contact Nevin Graves at njnevin@alz.org or 403-303-4426.
NAMIWalks Montana will be held 12:30 p.m. Sept. 22 at Memorial Park, 1203 Last Chance Gulch, in Helena.
The event opens at 11 a.m. and ends at 2 p.m.
The event is a fundraiser for NAMI, the National Alliance on Mental Illness.
For more information, go to https://go.helenair.com/0atnha or contact Colleen Rahn, 406-443-7871, colleen@namimt.org
The American Legion, the nation’s largest veterans service organization, is bringing its System Worth Saving (SWS) team to Helena on Sept. 23-25 to ensure veterans are receiving the best health care possible from their local VA.
Now in its 21st year, the SWS program has on-site visits nationwide during which time a team of American Legion staff members and volunteers work with VA staff on solutions. This year, SWS town halls have been held in Phoenix, Albuquerque, New Mexico, and Tampa, Florida.
The Helena visit kicks off with a town hall where all local military veterans are invited to attend and share their experiences with the VA. During the town hall, American Legion representatives, VA staff and others will be on hand to address issues and questions.
The town hall, which starts at 6 p.m. Sept. 23, will be held at American Legion Post 2, 3095 Villard Ave.
The event is free, and no prior registration or RSVP is necessary. However, veterans are invited to submit questions beforehand via www.legion.org/systemworthsaving/townhall.
The Montana Department of Transportation seeks public comment on a proposal to widen and provide safety improvements on about half a mile of Secondary Highway 284, commonly known as Canyon Ferry Road, 5 miles east of Canyon Ferry Dam.
The project is at the intersection with Homestead Trail.
Proposed work includes roadway modifications, culvert extension, new pavement and finishing with a seal and cover (chip seal), rumble strips, upgraded pavement markings and signage. The purpose of the project is to address roadside departure crashes by enhancing safety features.
Construction is tentatively planned beyond MDT's five-year planning range, but has the potential to begin earlier depending on completion of design and availability of funds. Right-of-way acquisition or temporary construction permits will likely be required for this project.
Relocation of utilities may also be necessary. MDT staff will contact affected landowners prior to survey work. Landowners may be contacted again prior to construction regarding temporary permits.
Comments may be submitted online at mdt.mt.gov/contact/comment-form.aspx or in writing to Montana Department of Transportation, Great Falls office, PO Box 1359, Great Falls, MT 59403-1359. Please note that comments are for project UPN 10294000.
People can contact Great Falls District Preconstruction Engineer Jim Combs at 406-454-5900 or Project Design Engineer Eric Parrish at 406-594-2264 with questions or comments.
Lewis & Clark Library has launched a countywide survey aimed at gathering comment from the public.
This initiative is to help guide the library’s services and strategic goals, ensuring offerings are closely aligned with the public’s needs and preferences.
The survey, which will be available until Sept 15, is an essential part of the library’s commitment to providing exceptional library services and fostering a vibrant, informed community. The library encourages all county residents to share their thoughts on how the library can best serve their needs.
Participation can be done online at www.surveymonkey.com/r/lclsurvey. Paper copies of the survey will also be available at all Lewis & Clark Library branches for those who prefer a physical format. The library is going to raffle off three iPads for those who complete the survey. You must be a Lewis & Clark County resident to be eligible for the iPad drawing.
For more information about the survey or to get involved with the Lewis & Clark Library, please visit www.lclibrary.org or contact our Marketing Coordinator at (406) 447-6684 or aburkhart@lclibrary.org.
The greater Helena community is invited to commemorate the 237th anniversary of signing the U.S. Constitution at noon Tuesday in the Capitol Rotunda at an event sponsored by Oro Fino Chapter Daughters of the American Revolution, with support from the Montana State DAR and SAR.
A 1787 copy of the U.S. Constitution that will be put up for auction on Sept. 28 at Brunk Auctions in Asheville, N.C.
Lt. Gov. Kristen Juras will present the State of Montana Constitution Week Proclamation, performances by Helena Xpress Singers directed by Barb Leland, Secretary of State Christi Jacobsen promoting citizenship and the Constitution, and Superintendent of Public Instruction Elsie Arntzen reporting on American history and civics in public schools, with emcee Deborah McCallum Swingley, Oro Fino DAR member.
Oro Fino members have distributed posters and Constitution kits to 40 public and private schools in Broadwater, Jefferson, Lewis and Clark and Meagher counties to help teachers and students celebrate Constitution Week, which was established by former-President Dwight Eisenhower in Public Law 915.
For more information see www.helenadar.weebly.com or www.dar.org.
The public may attend.
Sept. 17 is National Voter Registration Day and people can stop by the Lewis & Clark Library 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. to register to vote.
It just takes a few minutes. Save yourself time by registering to vote or updating your registration now. You can register to vote and either receive an absentee ballot after Oct. 11 or be registered to vote at the polls on Nov. 5.
Starting Oct. 8, you will have to late register in person at the elections office.
Join Carroll College for their Constitution Day panel on 7-9 p.m. Sept. 18 in the Simperman Hall/Wiegand Amphitheatre, moderated by Department Chair and Associate Professor of Political Science Jeremy Johnson.
Panelists will include:
This event is free and open to the public.
The Nar Anon Family & Friends Support Group meets 5:30-6:30 p.m. on Mondays and Thursdays in the library at St. Paul's United Methodist Church, 512 Logan.
The Nar Anon Family & Friends Support Group meetings are meant to help anyone impacted by addiction in a relative or friend. It is non-denominational and all are welcome. For more information, email: HelenaNaranon@gmail.com.
The Lewis and Clark County Commission is seeking people to serve on the following boards:
The City-County Building in downtown Helena
Applications are available at http://www.lccountymt.gov/Government/Commission/Boards or by calling 447-8304 and can be submitted to the Commissioner’s Office, 316 N. Park Ave., Room 345, Helena, MT 59623. All positions are open until filled.
Submissions to Community Briefs should be emailed to editor@helenair.com. Please write “Community Briefs” in the subject line. Briefs should be 200 words or less. Submissions should be written in story form, no flyers please. Photos are always appreciated. Call Phil Drake at 406-447-4086 if you have questions.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Stacker compiled voter demographics for each state and Washington, D.C., using the 2019 U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey (releas…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.