This New Orleans, LA, entrepreneur has his sights set on a hospitality takeover!
When serial hospitality entrepreneur Larry Morrow and his mother, Lenora Chong, opened the doors to Morrows in 2018, it was all a part of the bigger vision to bring more Black-owned restaurants to the vibrant, history-rich city of New Orleans. Fast-forward to 2024, nearly six years later, Morrow and company have opened the doors to Morrow Steak, a second steakhouse located in the Crescent City, Blavity reports.
The restaurant, which seats about 125 people, and is geared toward celebrating any type of special occasion, features a menu that is yet another nod to Morrow’s Korean background on his mom’s side with a blend of classic steakhouse fare and Asian-inspired dishes. From a tomahawk ribeye and wagyu steak to broiled snapper, marinated pork chops, and side dishes like lobster mac and cheese, Morrow’s Steak has a little something for everyone. Its vegan dishes like kung pao cauliflower allow Morrow to get a chance to share what he’s known for with both familiar and new faces.
Along with Morrow’s and now Morrow Steak, the chef’s commitment to the culinary experience continues, despite a few trial runs during his early 20s. As previously reported by AFROTECH, the serial entrepreneur quickly became a household name for celebrities like Drake, Mary J. Blige, Floyd Mayweather, and a host of others who grew accustomed to his food through his Larry Morrow Events imprint. Under this company, Morrow produces high-level entertainment industry events, but his love for the restaurant industry is something that never went away.
At the age of 22, Morrow opened the doors to his first restaurant, Larry’s Poboys & Wings, but ultimately closed up shop and took the experience as a stepping stone to where he is today and where he sees himself in the future.
“I want to be the largest Black-owned hospitality group in the country,” Morrow recently told NOLA.com in alignment with the June 6 opening of his new restaurant. “It’s already been written.”
In addition to his take on steakhouses alongside his mother, Morrow also opened Sun Chong, named after his grandmother, who he surprised during the opening of the establishment in 2023. It is currently nestled in New Orleans’ French Quarter neighborhood.

Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!