Genita Mangum has been appointed registrar of historically Black Delaware State University. She has served as registrar for Harrisburg Area Community College in Pennsylvania for the past nine years.
Dr. Mangum graduated from Tunxis Community College in Connecticut with two associate degrees in criminal justice and general studies, respectively. She holds a bachelor’s degree in criminology from Central Connecticut State University, a master’s degree in education and community counseling from Saint Joseph College in Connecticut, and a doctorate in community college policy and administration from the University of Maryland Global Campus.
Frederic MacDonald-Dennis has been named director of student engagement and leadership development at North Shore Community College in Danvers, Massachusetts. He most recently served as director of the TRIO program at Berkshire Community College in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
MacDonald-Dennis received his bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in communication from the University of Alabama.
Jennifer Wilder has been promoted to assistant vice president for business and auxiliary services at historically Black Florida A&M University. She has served as the university’s director of university housing for the past seven years.
Dr. Wilder holds a bachelor’s degree in psychology and a master’s degree in counseling and guidance from the University of North Carolina Greensboro. She received her doctorate in higher education administration from North Carolina State University.
Skylar Mayberry-Mayes has been named executive director of the Jacobson Institute at Grand View University in Des Moines, Iowa. He most recently served as senior strategist for community relations and the Principal Foundation for Principal, an investment management and insurance company.
Dr. Mayberry-Mayes is a graduate of the University of Northern Iowa where he majored in finance. He holds a master of business administration degree from Iowa State University and a Ph.D. in education from Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa.
Akilah Rosado has been appointed chief transformation officer for the Relay Graduate School of Education, which is based in New York but has offices throughout the United States. She previously served as vice president for governance, social justice, equity, and inclusion at Bank Street College of Education in New York.
Rosado received her bachelor’s degree from the State University of New York Purchase and a master’s degree in public policy and management at the New School in New York City.
Receive our weekly email newsletter delivered to your inbox
JBHE is dedicated to the conscientious investigation of the status and prospects for African Americans in higher education.

Phone: (570) 392-6797
Receive our weekly email newsletter delivered to your inbox
BRUCON Publishing Company © 2025