Denver Broncos general manager George Paton discussed the team's motivation behind acquiring former quarterback Russell Wilson when speaking to reporters on Monday.
"We took a shot on a quarterback who's had a lot of success in this league,'' Paton said, according to Mike Klis of 9News in Denver. "Nine pro Bowls, won the most the first 10 years in this league."
The Broncos initially traded for Wilson in a deal with the Seattle Seahawks during the 2022 offseason. Then, Denver signed the quarterback to a massive five-year extension worth $245 million before the start of the ensuing regular season.
The move backfired, as Wilson finished with a record of 11-19 as a starter throughout two years with the Broncos. He was ultimately released by the team ahead of free agency in 2024, which resulted in a record-breaking $85 million dead cap hit. Wilson ended up signing a one-year deal with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
While the Broncos struggled during Wilson's tenure, Paton didn't put all of the blame on the 35-year-old.
"It wasn't just Russ," Paton said, via Klis. "There's a lot of contributing factors as to why we didn't win. At the end of the day, we didn't play good enough offense. We didn't win enough games. I'm accountable for that. No one tried harder than Russ to make this work. Appreciate his effort, the professionalism he showed. Total pro. Wish him the best in Pittsburgh, he's going to a good team. Just wish the best."
With Jarrett Stidham and Ben DiNucci as the only quarterbacks on Denver's depth chart, the team is expected to come away from the 2024 draft with a new franchise signal-caller. The Broncos currently own the No. 12 overall pick, putting them out of the range to select top prospects such as USC's Caleb Williams and North Carolina's Drake Maye.
However, Paton has been impressed with the depth of the 2024 quarterback class.
"We like the group, I think it's seven deep, six, seven deep,'' Paton said. "It's been fun scouting them. It's ongoing. We're still going to some Pro Days this week, and we'll get in our meetings Monday. But it's a fun group to evaluate. All different strengths and weaknesses, but it is a talented group."
With the Broncos' uninspiring quarterback room combined with the team's dead cap from Wilson's deal, it wouldn't be surprising to see the front office go with a new face under center to start the 2024 season.