My hometown — Victoria, British Columbia — is a popular tourist destination known for its whimsical architecture, beautiful gardens, and horse-drawn carriages.
With its storybook-like setting and cozy spaces, it makes sense that hundreds of Hallmark movies have been filmed here.
If you're visiting Victoria, here are some spots I think everyone should check out and a few you can probably skip.
Step into your favorite Hallmark movie in Fernwood Square — it's where many of them choose to film.
The popular cobblestone-lined street near downtown is home to an inviting neighborhood pub, The Fernwood Inn, and the Belfry Theatre.
Grab a drink at Stage Wine Bar or dinner at Mesa Familiar before catching a play.
Victoria is known as the "city of gardens," and you can get your flower fix at Beacon Hill Park.
Centrally located, the city park is more than three times the size of the ticketed Butchart Gardens and is home to gorgeous walking paths, adorable footbridges, and free-roaming peacocks.
After you visit the park, grab a treat at the Beacon Drive-In, which I think has the best soft-serve ice cream. Enjoy your cone while walking by the nearby ocean.
If you're itching to get out on the water, Victoria has a fleet of adorable ferries that you can use to explore the city — particularly if you're looking to check out the Inner Harbour Pathway.
A trip to Fisherman's Wharf is also a must in the summer. Here you'll find colorful houseboats and restaurants like the iconic Barb's Fish & Chips.
Soak up the cozy vibes of the Fairmont Empress Hotel by grabbing a drink at Q Bar.
It serves innovative cocktails made with the bar's signature Empress 1908 Gin. And if you visit during the holidays, you can make gourmet s'mores and sip on hot buttered rum at the veranda bar.
If you're craving waffles the size of your head, eat at John's Place, a local institution that serves hardy eats in a space reminiscent of a small-town diner.
Alternatively, Shanzee's is a Southern-inspired eatery that serves delicious homemade biscuits in a homey, rustic setting.
Locally known as the "cradle of the craft beer revolution," Victoria is home to an award-winning Canadian ale trail where you can jump from bar to bar.
The Drake, a homey eatery and craft beer parlor that offers a rotating selection of local brews and farm-to-table eats, is a great place to kick it off.
When you're done, wander over to other top spots like Herald Street Brew Works, Whistle Buoy Brewery, and Spinnakers Pub.
If craft cocktails are more your speed, Clive's Classic Lounge is an award-winning cocktail bar that's not to be missed.
Citrus & Cane is another local favorite that serves tiki-themed drinks in a chic, retro setting. I recommend ordering the piña colada.
If you're looking for a memorable meal, dine at 10 Acres, a farm-to-table restaurant that showcases local produce.
Another great option is Little Jumbo. The tucked-away, "locals only" spot serves craft cocktails and more locally sourced eats.
For a casual and affordable dining experience, head to Fort St (near Blanchard) for everything from pho and banh mi to gourmet burgers and tacos.
Unless you're planning to visit Butchart Gardens during the holidays — when the 55-acre display garden is transformed into a winter wonderland full of colorful string lights — skip this tourist attraction.
The gardens are pretty, but it's a 30-minute drive from downtown, it's expensive, and there's not much to do except walk around once you're there.
If seeing whales in the wild is on your bucket list, you might want to book a tour while you're in town.
But if you're not particularly interested in wildlife or simply don't like the idea of being on a small boat, I think you can skip the "must-do" activity.
The afternoon tea at the Fairmont Empress is incredible.
But if you're looking for more than tea, small sweets, and delicate sandwiches, it's probably not going to be worth the investment. The prix fixe menu starts at $95 a person for adults.
Blue Fox Cafe is loved by locals and tourists alike, hence why there's always a lengthy line, even on weekdays.
The food is great, but I don't think it always warrants the wait — especially when there are so many equally fantastic brunch spots to try in Victoria.
Victoria loves to play up its British heritage. Along the main drag of Government Street, you'll find several picturesque English- and Irish-inspired pubs.
The location can't be beat, but I find most of the standard pub fare to be overpriced.
Dotted along Victoria's picturesque Inner Harbour Pathway are a string of tourist-friendly restaurants that I think you can probably skip.
The eateries offer a great view of the water, but I think you'll get more bang for your buck if you venture a block or two inland.
Jump to