The awards ceremony took place in Sheffield for the first time ever 
The winners of the MOBO Awards 2024 have been revealed – check out the full list below.
Potter Payper took home the award for Album Of The Year with his debut LP ‘Real Back In Style’. Central Cee and Dave won Song Of The Year with their collaborative track ‘Sprinter’, while Cench also snagged the award for Best Male Act.
Raye bagged the award for Best Female Act while Little Simz won Best Hip-Hop Act. Elsewhere, Shygirl took home the award for Best Electronic/Dance Act while Inflo (SAULT, Little Simz, Michael Kiwanuka) won Best Producer.
Central Cee performs on stage during Radio 1’s Big Weekend 2022 at War Memorial Park on May 28, 2022 in Coventry, England. (Photo by Dave J Hogan/Getty Images)
The Lifetime Achievement Award was presented to Soul II Soul while Sugababes took home the Impact award. Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill was awarded with the Paving The Way Award and Ghetts was awarded with the Pioneer Award.
The 26th edition of the MOBO Awards took place today (February 7) at the Utilita Arena in Sheffield for the first time ever with comedian Babatúndé Aléshé and presenter Indiyah Polack as the hosts for the ceremony. The night included live performances from the likes of DJ Spoony, Byron Messia and Soul II Soul.
See the full list of MOBO Award winners 2024 below:
Best Male Act:
Central Cee
Best Female Act:
RAYE
Album Of The Year: 
Potter Payper – ‘Real Back In Style’
Song Of The Year:
Central Cee and Dave – ‘Sprinter’
Best Newcomer:
Tunde
Video Of The Year:
Stormzy – ‘Mel Made Me Do It’
Best R&B/Soul Act: 
SAULT
Best Hip Hop Act:
Little Simz
Little Simz performs at O2 Academy Birmingham on November 9, 2023 in Birmingham, England. (Photo by Katja Ogrin/Redferns)
Best Grime Act:
Bugzy Malone
Best Drill Act:
K-Trap
Best International Act (US):
Drake and 21 Savage
Best Performance In A TV Show/Film:
Damson Idris as Franklin Saint – Snowfall
Best Media Personality: 
Shxtngigs
Best African Music Act:
Asake
Best Caribbean Music Act:
Valiant
Best Jazz Act:
Ezra Collective
Best Alternative Music Act: 
Skindred
Best Electronic/Dance Act:
Shygirl
Best Producer:
INFLO
Best Gospel Act:
Limoblaze
Lifetime Achievement Award:
Soul II Soul
Impact Award:
Sugababes
Siobhan Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan from the Sugababes performing on stage at BST Hyde Park in London. Picture date: Saturday July 1, 2023. (Photo by Jordan Pettitt/PA Images via Getty Images)
Paving The Way Award:
Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill
Pioneer Award:
GHETTS
For a quarter of the century, MOBO has been proudly celebrating and elevating black music in the UK. Its 26-year legacy has seen MOBO be pivotal in supporting the growth of British Black music on a global scale, championing homegrown talent, and setting the standard in Rap, Hip-Hop, R&B, Soul, Grime, Drill, Gospel, Jazz, Reggae, African music, Electronic/Dance, Alternative music and beyond.
Elsewhere, Little Simz, Knucks, Central Cee, PinkPantheress and the late Jamal Edwards were among the winners at last year’s event which was staged at London’s OVO Arena Wembley.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.