Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The ruling Liberal Democrat group on Hull City Council has announced which councillors will staff the authority's Cabinet, including some job swaps and a new face.
 The Cabinet, the councillors responsible for overseeing the running of the authority, will now include Kingswood's Cllr Charles Quinn who will take up the environment brief. Longhill & Bilton Grange's Cllr Julia Connor is moving from environment to youth services and third sector with Holderness ' Cllr Linda Tock adding community safety to her children's portfolio. 
Liberal Democrat Council Leader Cllr Mike Ross said the Cabinet would be tasked with making the authority work for and listen to residents for the next two years. The announcement follows local elections held on Thursday, May 2, which saw the Liberal Democrats keep control of the council but lose three seats to Labour. 
READ MORE:
  Hull City Council local election results 2024 in full as Labour claim Liberal Democrats are 'on notice'  
  Humberside Police and Crime Commissioner election - Conservative Jonathan Evison re-elected in close vote  
Liberal Democrat Mark Collinson took University ward from Labour, leaving the party down two councillors in total. But Labour made gains in Derringham and North Carr and Karen Wood unseated Liberal Democrat Deputy Mayor Cllr John Robinson in Avenue.
The results leave Labour with 26 councillors, up from 24, while the Liberal Democrats went from 33 to 31. Labour won more votes than the Liberal Democrats overall in the council elections while the latter came out on top when Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) election results are added.
 Opposition Labour Leader Cllr Daren Hale said the results showed the tide was turning in their favour and they were winning back voters' trust after losing power in 2022. The Liberal Democrat Cabinet includes Cllr Ross, of Beverley & Newland, staying on as Council Leader with Holderness' Cllr Jackie Dad continuing as his deputy. 
Cllr Linda Chambers, of Drypool ward, will remain as portfolio holder for adult services and public health while Beverley & Newland's Cllr Paul Drake-Davis will keep housing and regeneration. Boothferry's Cllr Jack Haines will stay on as communications and communities portfolio holder and Pickering's Cllr Mark Ieronimo has kept his transport, roads and highways brief.
Cllr Rob Pritchard, of West Carr ward, remains in the culture and leisure brief. Cllr Dave McCobb, who held the policy delivery, engagement and community safety brief, is stepping down from the Cabinet after two years.
The appointments are set to be confirmed at the council's annual general meeting on Thursday, May 16. Group and Council Leader Cllr Ross said their focus would now be on making positive changes in local communities.
The leader said: "We’re going to continue to be a listening Council that’s led in the interest of local people. There is no issue too big or too small that this Liberal Democrat Council won’t tackle.
"From fixing potholes to fighting crime, we’ve started to get the change Hull needs but we know we can deliver so much more. The choice people have in Hull is clear.
"They can have Hull Labour who don’t listen or care about what local people think. Or they can back this strong Lib Dem team, working hard for you and listening to what you think about our city."
Labour Leader Cllr Hale said the local election results marked a come back for his party. The opposition leader said: "Labour’s victory in three wards has seen the tide begin to turn in our favour.
"People saw that our candidates were hard working, honest people that represented what is best about our great city. While we remain in opposition, we will continue to hold them to account and to fight for the best for the people of Hull, many of whom have shown that they want action, not just words.
"Labour won more votes across the city that the Liberal Democrats for the first time in six years. It is a sign of things to come."