By
Drake has always left more to be desired, so it’s no surprise he has fans confused about his recent post. On Saturday (July 13), the Toronto native hopped on Instagram, sharing a picture and an interesting caption. “The pressure from being on top does more than just make your ears pop,” the post reads. The picture quickly made its rounds on social media, causing fans to question who the rapper was referring to. Although, it’s unlikely he’ll ever reveal who he’s talking about or to, many assume it’s about Kendrick Lamar. 
However, the rumors have not been verified by Drake or his affiliates. The industry heavyweights have been embattled in a feud since this Spring. It appears the issue between Lamar and Drake kicked off following the release of Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That,” which featured a fiery rap from Lamar, where he took multiple shots at Drake. The “Headlines” rapper quickly fired back with “Push Ups,” where he not only called out Lamar, but Rick Ross and The Weeknd.
A post shared by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi)
He would eventually follow that up with “Taylor Made Freestyle.” However, the track was quickly removed from social media due to threats from Tupac Shakur’s estate, after the rapper used AI-generated voices of Pac and Snoop Dogg. Not too long after, Kendrick fired back with two more diss tracks, “6:16 in LA” and then “Not Like Us,” which has been breaking records across multiple streaming platforms. The rapper recently partnered with Amazon Prime for a “pop-out” event in LA at the Kia Forum.
In other news, Drake has been busy on social media and sharing his opinion of “Not Like Us.” According to the rapper, the streams have been boosted by Spotify. A photo from the comment section of a popular Kick streamer, Trainwrecks, has circulated online. The pic shows a post from what appears to be Drake’s verified account, where he claims that Spotify boosted streams for “that one guy.” It took no time for fans to assume that the rapper was taking shots at Lamar’s “Not Like Us.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97