The following questions are about current Minnesota Vikings topics, answered by VikingsTerritory. Today is the August 1st edition, addressed in a from-the-hip fashion. If you have questions, please email them to [email protected].
Also, please note: These are opinion-based responses. Some answers will be incorrect from time to time. But we’ll try to keep that to a minimum.
Answer: Yes.
Aside from Fabian Moreau, who has oodles of experience, Minnesota signed roster bubble defensive backs — or even “camp bodies.”
Duke Shelley has a decent chance of making the 53-man roster on August 27th, but even after that addition, Minnesota could use a stellar defender like Gilmore.
Replying to the notion of Minnesota already adding secondary depth in the last week, The Athletic‘s Alec Lews wrote this week about Gilmore, “Does this rule out additional cornerback signings? No. The free-agent market is not filled with high-end options, but Stephon Gilmore is the most intriguing. He played for Vikings defensive coordinator Brian Flores in New England. He has started 33 games at corner over the last two seasons, and his production has remained. Adding him is a no-brainer, but the Vikings aren’t the only team thinking this way.”
We agree. 
Answer: We enjoy where the Vikings are with J.J. McCarthy and don’t have buyer’s remorse. 
Most of the draft community, plus this website, knew Drake Maye would be raw this summer. It’s why virtually everyone forecasted a redshirt year in New England. And when players experience redshirt years, they often look like garbage during the summer of their rookie season. 
That’s what’s happening in New England. We think Maye would be just fine if he lived on the Vikings’ roster — in 2025 and beyond. Still, no grievances whatsoever with McCarthy over here.
It’s also really sweet that Minnesota has its 2025 1st-Rounder intact, which could’ve been sold for Maye. 
A: The over. 
We have Minnesota pegged for a 7-10 season in 2024. Of course, if J.J. McCarthy’s summer performance translates to the regular season, well, the sky is the limit. 
Brian Flores’ defense will improve in Year No. 2, and the only huge question mark is quarterback. The team can get to seven wins. Bet over 6.5.
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. The show features guests, analysis, and opinion on all things related to the purple team, with 4-7 episodes per week. His MIN obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream, ‘The Sopranos,’ Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band). He follows the NBA as closely as the NFL. 
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.