Things are dying down for the Washington Commanders in terms of incomings, for now at least. Adam Peters spent money wisely during a flurry of activity during the first wave of free agency. The franchise is still in a strong financial position to make additional moves should they wish. They also boast a bounty of draft assets to further strengthen the ranks, including the No. 2 overall selection for a potential long-term quarterback.
The impression left has been positive, but there is more hard work ahead. While we wait for further developments, the stories causing debate include Chase Young's next destination, Ron Rivera giving his thoughts on the Sam Howell trade, Austin Ekeler's ambition, and the Commanders going with Drake Maye in a recent mock draft.
Let's delve into each topic in more detail.
The Washington Commanders got a third-round compensatory pick for defensive end Chase Young before the 2023 trade deadline. As it turned out, this was just a short-term rental by the San Francisco 49ers.
According to reports, Young signed a one-year deal with the New Orleans Saints. This is a fully guaranteed deal worth $13 million, which is decent money for someone who's failed to meet expectations in recent years. It's not a long-term commitment, but it's probably the best offer he had on the table all things considered.
This could be Young's last opportunity to prove his worth as a legitimate starting pass-rusher. He's still just 24 years old - so all hope is not lost - but failing to produce the goods opposite Cameron Jordan on the Saints' defensive front comes with grave consequences attached.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.