E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary ad, please contact obits@trentonian.com or 610-235-2690.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
It’s difficult to forecast which position the Giants will target when the NFL Draft begins Thursday night in Detroit — much less exactly which player it will be.
But it’s almost a certainty that the Giants will look to bolster their passing game before what could potentially be a make-or-break third season for head coach Brian Daboll.
The Giants ranked fifth-to-last in both passing yards (6,782) and touchdowns (32) over the last two seasons. Injuries and inconsistencies from quarterback Daniel Jones, along with simply a lack of sheer talent at receiver, have been the main culprits.
“At the end of the day, we need to score more points,” general manager Joe Schoen said last week during a pre-draft press conference.
Moving on from Jones after the 2024 season is a viable option since he’ll have no guaranteed money remaining despite being under contract through 2026. Cutting him before the 2025 season would leave $22 million in dead money against the salary cap.
The problem, though, is that the top-three teams in the draft order — the Bears, Commanders and Patriots — all need a quarterback, and the Giants don’t pick until No. 6. It’s also conceivable that another team trades into the top five to select the fourth quarterback in this rich class.
Some insiders believe that North Carolina’s Drake Maye would be the Giants’ preferred quarterback, but it could depend how the first two picks go and how much the Giants are willing to yield in order to make it happen. Michigan’s J.J. McCarthy has also been floated as a possibility.
The Giants have only six picks in this year’s draft (No. 6, No. 47, No. 70, No. 107, No. 166, No. 183), so any trade would likely involve dipping into future drafts.
“My job is to do what’s best for the franchise. If there’s an opportunity to go up, move back, stay, whether it’s in the first round, third round, fifth round, that’s what we’ll do,” Schoen said. “The good news is, after the first round on Thursday, you can regroup going into Friday before the second and third round and have those conversations again. The draft being over a three-day period helps you in terms of when you have those meetings and strategy sessions, when you decide if you’re going to go up, down, which players you like.”
Should the Giants decide to stand pat in the first round, the most likely outcome is a wide receiver at No. 6 such as LSU’s Malik Nabers or Washington’s Rome Odunze, with Ohio State’s Marvin Harrison Jr. likely off the board by then. That would give the Giants a better chance to win this year with Jones, who is recovering from ACL surgery, and get a more complete evaluation of the sixth-year pro in Daboll’s system.
The reality is that the Giants have lacked a true No. 1 wide receiver since they traded Odell Beckham Jr. prior to Jones’ rookie season in 2019, with pedestrian players like Darius Slayton, Sterling Shepard, Golden Tate and Kenny Golladay serving as Jones’ top targets.
They did acquire former All-Pro tight end Darren Waller last year, but of course Jones played in only six games because of injuries and now Waller is contemplating retirement.
Schoen said he believes “several” receivers will be drafted in the first round this year. Other options in the second or third round could be a player like Florida’s Ricky Pearsall or Florida State’s Keon Coleman.
“I do think it’s a deep wide receiver draft from top to bottom, depending on what you’re looking for,” Schoen said. “Some added value with guys, the new kickoff rules, the guys that can also do returns. I think there’s an added element there too, and there’s some receivers that can wear multiple hats, not just as a receiver, but also as a returner.”
Still, it’s impossible to rule out the possibility of the Giants making a big swing for a quarterback because a first-round wide receiver won’t matter if Jones doesn’t elevate his play this season. And the clock is ticking on Daboll and Schoen.
Schoen, who obviously won’t tip his hand, said he’s comfortable going into the season with Jones, Drew Lock and Tommy DeVito as his three quarterbacks.
But he gushed about this quarterback draft class as well. The Giants could also take a chance on someone like Oregon’s Bo Nix in Round 2.
“You look at some of the guys and the amount of games some of these guys have started and played, it’s impressive,” Schoen said. “Really haven’t seen a class like that with some of the quarterbacks that have started and played as many games as they have at a high level.”
Here is what else the Giants will likely be targeting during the three-day NFL Draft.
Cornerback
The Giants appear to have a hole at their No. 2 cornerback spot after Deonte Banks — the No. 24 pick in last year’s draft — with free agent Adoree’ Jackson not expected to return. Expect the team to seriously consider selecting a corner in the second or third round on Day 2.
Some names to watch are Rutgers’ Max Melton, Michigan’s Mike Sainristil and Kentucky’s Andru Phillips.
Defensive Tackle
Outside linebacker Brian Burns was a huge sign-and-trade addition to the Giants’ pass rush, but the defense needs depth on the interior and could get at least one reinforcement on Day 2 or Day 3.
Some names to watch are Clemson’s Ruke Orhorhoro, LSU’s Maason Smith and Michigan Kris Jenkins.
Running Back
The Giants will likely look to add some running back depth in the third round or on Day 3 after the departure of Saquon Barkley to the rival Eagles.
They did sign veteran Devin Singletary, and he’ll likely enter the season as a decent starter, but the Giants need competition. Just don’t expect them to use a high pick on a running back. That’s part of the reason why they moved on from Barkley in the first place.
Some names to watch are Florida State’s Trey Benson, Wisconsin’s Braelon Allen and Notre Dame’s Audric Estime.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group