Mar 11, 2024
Cornell Cooperative Extension of Chautauqua County’s   4-H Youth Development Program recently held their annual Public Presentation contest at Jamestown Community College on January 27, 2024. This year 88 youth ages 5-18 stepped up to the challenge and gave presentations on topics ranging from “Tragedy at Sea – Sinking of RMS Titanic” and the “The War of Gettysburg” to “What’s on the Dinosaur Menu”. Presentation styles include demonstration, illustrated talk, speech, dramatic interpretation, and recitation.
The presentation contest is designed to challenge 4-H’ers skills and knowledge of giving a public presentation while also recognizing their abilities. Public speaking aligns with the New York State 4-H Youth Development values that promote the development of skills that help young people succeed in higher education, their chosen career path, and as members of their families and communities. This contest provides an opportunity for 4-H’ers to develop and practice communication skills, build self-confidence, enhance knowledge in a selected subject matter area, and share information with others. Teams of volunteer evaluators provide feedback to the youth. After each presentation youth meet with their evaluators to discuss the strengths and weaknesses of their presentation.
Youth who gave exceptional presentations were selected to participate in the Western District Public Presentation Day contest at the Springville Griffith Institute High School in Springville, NY on March 23rd. This year Tianna Bova, Donald Easton, Kendall Eckman, Logan Ellsworth, Katherine Fortna, Drake Joy, Caitlyn Kriner, Garrett Lesch, Lincoln Porebski, Madalyn Reading, Emma Ribaudo and Lolita Ribaudo were selected to participate at the Western District level.  Youth that excel in presenting at the Western District level may become eligible to move onto experiences and competitions with other 4-H’ers from the state who have also excelled in public speaking.
Chautauqua County 4-H youth members have other opportunities to give presentations at their club and animal projects as well as at the 4-H Youth Building at the Chautauqua County Fair.
		





				Madalyn Reading delivers an Illustrated Talk on the topic of “Flemish Giant Rabbit ARBA Standards” at the annual 4-H Presentation Day.

				




				Cody George receives a blue ribbon for his Illustrated Talk on the topic of “The War of Gettysburg” at the annual 4-H Presentation Day.
				



May 2

1829 – Fredonia was incorporated as a village.

1882 – Chautauqua Lake went “dry” when liquor ...
MAYVILLE, N.Y. – In recognition of the importance of mental health for individuals of all ages, Chautauqua County ...
Fredonia High School has announced its honor and merit rolls for the third quarter.

Twelfth Grade Honor Roll — ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of New York, Inc. | https://www.observertoday.com | PO Box 391, Dunkirk, NY 14048 | 716-366-3000