e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The savory whirlwind of festivals, fairs and fundraisers continues before the holiday season sets in.
A Toast to Sausalito returns for year two to Caledonia Street from 1 to 5 p.m. Oct. 19, offering an afternoon of beverage tastings, live music, artist competitions, interactive performances and merchant booths.
Festival entry is free, but with more than 50 participating breweries, wineries, distilleries and other local vendors serving samples, the temptation is high to purchase a wristband for unlimited samples and a commemorative glass ($45 or $50 after noon Sunday). Beer and wine are also available to purchase a la carte.
Marin-based Local Motion vodka sodas, Sausalito Liquor Co., the Real Napa tasting room, In Good Taste, Best Day Brewing and Heidrun Meadery are just a few of the many Bay Area beverage providers.
Complement your tasting experience with food from Gilligans Poke Shop (poke bowls); Sushi Ran (roll combos); Sausalito Cruising Club (chowder); Marin Hospitality (pork sandwiches); chef David Jones (paella); Sausalito on the Waterfront (tacos); Sausalito Lions Club (chicken sausages and hot dogs); Sausalito Portuguese Cultural Center (linguiça sandwiches and pastries); Ultimate Souvlaki (Mediterranean cuisine); a selection from Driver’s Market; and snacks, including ice cream, honey beef jerky and waffles.
Music on three stages is from Top Shelf Classics, Lady Ace and the A Team, Iko YaYa, Jack Justice, Music 4 the Soul and the Bobby Young Project
The party takes place on Caledonia Street between Pine and Litho streets and is presented by the Sausalito Parks and Recreation Department and the Sausalito Chamber of Commerce. Sign up for art competitions, purchase tasting wristbands or apply for volunteer positions at sausalito.gov/festival.
Peddle over to downtown Fairfax to celebrate and support cycling in the birthplace of mountain biking with brews, food, music and activities at the annual Biketoberfest from 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. Saturday.
Sip on a selection of 30 beers and ciders from Fairfax Brewing Co., State Room Brewery, Pond Farm Brewing Co., HenHouse Brewing Co., Adobe Creek Brewing, Best Day Brewing (nonalcoholic) and six other Bay Area breweries.
Satisfy your appetite with brats, pizza and salad from Splitrock Tap & Wheel; wings, tacos, burritos and rice plates (bulgogi, chicken or tofu) from Sojuilla, a Mexican and Korean fusion food truck; traditional Greek pita wraps from Novato’s Ultimate Souvlaki; hot pretzels with mustard from Nisi’s Craft Bakery; and snacks and drinks from Jambar, Zambezi Biltong and Osmo Nutrition.
Live music is from Good Karma (noon to 1 p.m.), Panoramic Highway (1:30 to 3 p.m.) and Catfight (3:30 to 5 p.m.).
Connect with 35 local bike shops, apparel makers and other exhibitors, or visit the Marin Museum of Bicycling, where mountain, road, track and touring bikes, from 1868 relics to today’s latest and greatest, are on display ($5 discounted admission for ticket holders and free e-bike charging).
Biktoberfest is in the parking lot at 2020 Sir Francis Drake Blvd. in Fairfax. A free bike valet is available on a first-come, first-served basis.
Unlimited beer-tasting tickets with a souvenir glass are $35 in advance at Marinbike.org/biketoberfest or $50 the day of. All proceeds go to the Marin County Bicycle Coalition and Access4Bikes to support Marin County’s network of bike lanes, pathways and trails.
The Rotary Club of Novato Sunrise brings the spirit of Germany to Novato’s Nativity of Christ Greek Orthodox Church at its ninth annual Oktoberfest fundraiser from 5:30 to 9 p.m. Oct. 19.
Feast on Bavarian specialties — bratwurst, chicken, red cabbage, potato salad and strudel — and dance the polka or learn the chicken dance with the Bavarian Continentals Band at 1110 Highland Drive in Novato.
The no-host bar features an assortment of wine and beer, including Oktoberfest Bier from Moylan’s Brewing Co. in Novato.
Purchase tickets ($75 for dinner, one drink ticket, pretzels, ice cream, soft drinks, silent auction and prize drawings) at novatosunriserotary.org. Proceeds support community projects.
It’s time for pie on Saturday at the Marin Country Mart in Larkspur, where bakers and tasters in two categories (adult and youth under age 14) are gathering for the 12th annual Pie Baking Contest under the big tent during the weekly farmers market from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.
See how your personal best stands up to the local competition in taste, presentation and flakiness (extra points for beauty and creativity) and be in the running for the $200 grand prize and gift cards for second and third place.
Drop off your home-cooked, seasonal, savory or sweet pie (one entry per person) in a 9-inch disposable pie tin between 9 and 10 a.m. accompanied by the title of your pie and your name, category, phone number and pie recipe. No artificial, chemical or pre-made ingredients are permitted. Children can enter any kind of pie.
The Marin Country Mart is at 2257 Larkspur Landing Circle in Larkspur. Find more information at marincountrymart.com.
Leanne Battelle is a freelance food writer and restaurant columnist. Email her at ij.lbattelle@gmail.com with news and recommendations and follow on Instagram @therealdealmarin for more on local food and updates on the launch of The Real Deal Marin restaurant search guide.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group