ATLANTA, Ga. (Atlanta News First) - The jury has reached a verdict in the trial of a former Doraville police officer charged with kidnapping and killing a Gwinnett County teen.
VERDICT:
Miles Bryant was charged with kidnapping and killing 16-year-old Susana Morales, who disappeared in July 2022.
He was sentenced to life without parole.
Bryant also spoke briefly before the sentencing.
“I just want to apologize to everybody and the victim’s family. That’s it,” he said.
Bryant was arrested about seven months after Morales vanished when a random citizen stumbled upon her remains and Bryant’s department-issued gun. Police say the gun was found near her decomposed body.
State prosecutors told jurors by the end of the trial, evidence would show them Bryant’s phone pinged to the location where Morales’ body was found in the hours after she went missing.
Attorney Tracy Drake, who’s representing Bryant, told jurors no evidence proves Bryant kidnapped, raped or killed Morales.
“We are profoundly sad for the Morales family,” Gwinnett County District Attorney Patsy Austin-Gatson said in a statement after the sentencing. “The despicable nature of the defendant’s acts is compounded by the fact that he was a police officer at the time. Thankfully, the overwhelming majority of law enforcement officers are highly dedicated to serving the public good every day. Thank you to GCPD for the work that made today’s verdict possible.”
>> WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12 TRIAL COVERAGE:
>> PREVIOUS TRIAL COVERAGE:
Ex-officer accused of kidnapping, killing Gwinnett County teen will not testify in case
Jury in Gwinnett County teen murder trial sees footage of human remains found in woods
Testimony begins in trial of ex-officer accused of kidnapping, killing Gwinnett County teen
Trial begins for ex-officer accused of kidnapping, killing Gwinnett County teen
Family, friends remember Susana Morales on her 17th birthday
Family of Susana Morales launch petition urging police to further investigate her case
Father of slain teen files wrongful death lawsuit against Norcross apartment complex
Court docs: Ex-Doraville officer accused of murdering teen has history of lewd, illegal acts
Former officer now charged with attempted rape in accused kidnapping, murder of Norcross teen
Copyright 2024 WANF. All rights reserved.