Manage your account
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (KELO) — The Xtreme Event Rodeo Challenge at McCrossan Boys Ranch in Sioux Falls features the Northern Bull Riding Tour, along with barrel racing and mutton busting. Gates open at 3:30 p.m. at the Leo P. Flynn Memorial Arena. Live music starts at 4 p.m. The rodeo follows at 5 p.m. Ticket’s are $16, $8 for children. All proceeds will to go programs to serve the at-risk boys at McCrossan.
The Historic Prairie Village west of Madison, SD is hosting a Steam Threshing Jamboree. Activities include steam & horse threshing, hundreds of tractors on display, sawmill & equipment demonstrations, parades tractor pulls and carousel rides. The hours are 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. Sunday’s hours are 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. Admission is $18, $4 for ages 6-12.
Archery Outfitters in Sioux Falls is hosting a 3D Fun Shoot involving 3D foam animal targets from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday’s hours are 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. The cost is $10-$20. It’s free for children nine and under who are accompanied by an adult. You need to bring your own bow and arrows.
Hartford Area Fire & Rescue is hosting a free Public Safety Day. Events take place from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. at the Hartford Fire Station and include a junior firefighter obstacle course, a bicycle rodeo and bike helmet giveaway.
Enjoy free music at Levitt at the Falls in downtown Sioux Falls. The opening act, Klezmer Konsortium takes the stage at 7 p.m., followed by the headliner Tuff Roots.
 Full marathon canceled due to high heat 
Roots Fest is an outdoor block party at the Roots of Brasil restaurant on North Weber Avenue in Sioux Falls. The free festival goes from noon to 8 p.m. and includes live music, food, a beer garden plus prizes and games for both adults and kids.
This is the final weekend of swimming at Drake Springs Family Aquatic Center. The city’s outdoor pools at Drake Springs, Kuehn, Laurel Oak, Hayward & Pioneer Parks are open from 1-8 p.m.
You can also beat the late-summer heat at Wild Water West water park west of Sioux Falls. Visitors can enjoy the water slides, lazy river, wave pool plus mini-golf from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Farmers Market season in KELOLAND includes the Falls Park Farmers Market from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. The Brandon Farmers Market goes from 9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. at 925 North Splitrock Boulevard. The farmers markets are held each Saturday through October.
The Heartland County Corn Maze, east of Harrisburg on Highway 11, is open for its 25th season. The 11-acre maze is open from noon to 9 p.m. Sunday’s hours are noon to 5 p.m. Admission is $9, $6 for children and free for ages 4 and under.
Movies playing at the historic State Theater in downtown Sioux Falls include The Last Starfighter, rated PG, A Mighty Wind, rated PG-13 and Chinatown, rated R.
The Wells Fargo CineDome & Sweetman Planetarium at the Washington Pavilion features Wings Over Water, Magic Globe, Zodiac Skies and Cities of the Future.
New movie releases playing at a theater near you include The Forge, rated PG and Blink Twice, rated R.
Enjoy a night of sprint car racing at I-90 Speedway in Hartford, SD. Gates open at 5 p.m. Hot laps are at 6:30 p.m. The races start at 7 p.m. Tickets are $15, $6 for students, free for ages 12 and under.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KELOLAND.com.