Home    Forums    Theater    Touring Productions (Part 2)
Last night, I caught the national tour of & Juliet at the Durham Performing Arts Center. Today, I give my review.
The story begins with William Shakespeare introducing the very first performance of Romeo & Juliet. Yet his wife, Anne, really wants him to change the ending. Much to his displeasure, he allows her to explain her idea. The book by David West Read, an Emmy-winning writer/executive producer of Schitt’s Creek, has what on paper appears to be a clever concept that succeeds in execution. The way he has some of the lyrics to all these pre-existing songs contextualized in the plot is funny. His dialogue doesn’t mimic Shakespeare’s style, and is instead more contemporary. Which is appropriate because if he tried the latter, it would’ve clashed with the contemporary music. Not to mention that he also makes fun of Shakespearean facts in a respectful manner.
Under Luke Sheppard’s direction, he has everything staged on Soutra Gilmour set, which not only looks evocative of Shakespeare’s plays when they were first performed, but also very retro. Paloma Young’s costumes are also true to the era while still doing something stylish with the clothing. Howard Hudson’s lighting is so eye-popping. Gareth Owen does such amazing work with the sound design, making everything the audience hears on stage very clear without becoming deafening to their ears. Sheppard also provides slick transitions between scenes while Jennifer Weber delivers very energetic choreography. Plus, Bill Sherman’s orchestrations (with some help from Dominic Fallacaro) successfully creates a cohesive sound for all these different pre-existing pop/rock hits.
Starring in the coveted role of Juliet herself is Rachel Simone Webb. She has an amazing character arc as she goes from wanting to avoid being sent away to a convent by her parents to eventually taking charge of her own destiny. Not to mention that Webb also has such killer vocals on display. Corey March and Teal Wicks both do great work together as Shakespeare and Anne, respectively. The former shows a lot of determination in his performance while the latter shares a heartfelt rendition of Céline Dion’s ‘That’s the Way It Is’ with Webb in Act II. Mateus Leite Cardoso is quite charismatic as François Du Bois, a young man who must either get married or join the army. Nick Drake as Juliet’s non-binary friend, May, is not only flamboyant, but they also get to be sincere at certain points. Comedic highlights include Paul-Jordan Jansen as François’ father, Lance Du Bois, and Kathryn Allison as Juliet’s nurse, Angélique. Both of them also make for such an amusing couple.
I don’t know what diehard Shakespeare fans are going to think of this musical as it is the exact opposite of what the original stage play of Romeo & Juliet was. With that being said, I found it to be a total blast. It takes something that contemporary audiences might find old fashioned and does something completely fresh with it. This results in such a fun night out at the theatre. Imagine if one day, someone creates a whole jukebox musical serving as a sequel to West Side Story that’s inspired by this show.
Click Here for My Full Review
I caught the tour of & Juliet Saturday and did not enjoy it. It just goes to show how much life a known pop catalogue can give a show on Broadway, because this did not strike me as Broadway quality at all, let alone anything deserving a 2+-year run.
I expected it would be sort of dumb, but I didn’t know it would be this dumb. The gimmick of Shakespeare and his wife Anne Hathaway battling each other to rewrite the ending was just silly. There’s a lot (and I mean A LOT) of pandering blather about being true to yourself and accepting others, but things such as giving Juliet a non-binary friend who comes between her and her new fiance are so forced and nonsensical that they end up doing a disservice to the agenda. Nothing here has really been thought through except where to shove the next interchangeable ditty that will pump up the audience. The show doesn’t even know when it’s set; at first, it purports to be the opening night of the original play, but then they use the Eiffel Tower to represent Paris and there are projections including Ferris wheels. Huh? I get that it’s just a “what if?” thing, but it just throws everything at the wall without any craft or vision.
The one thing the tour has going for it are terrific voices, who make these generic songs sound great, particularly Teal Wicks as Anne and Rachel Simone Webb in the title role. With Broadway grosses trending down, this should be an easy show to stunt-cast. No great amount of acting ability is required to portray these sketches of characters; a big pop voice and stage presence will suffice.
Suffs will be launching a national tour at Seattle’s 5th Avenue Theatre in September 2025.
https://www.broadwayworld.com/article/SUFFSWill-Play-Final-Broadway-Performance-In-January-20241011
Full Cast Revealed For the National Tour of ELF The Musical
SIX Reveals New Cast Members and Returning Queens for North American Tour
Full Cast Set For North American Tour of ANNIE
LIFE OF PI North American Tour Reveals Full Cast
Casting has been announced for the second season of The Cher Show national tour. https://www.broadway.com/buzz/204832/the-cher-show-completes-casting-for-national-tours-second-year/
MAMMA MIA! Sets Cast For Second Year of North American tour
The Phantom of the Opera will launch a new multi-year North American tour in November 2025. It’s set to be based on the celebrated original direction by Harold Prince with choreography by Gillian Lynne, featuring Maria Björnson’s iconic design.
https://www.broadwayworld.com/article/New-Production-of-THE-PHANTOM-OF-THE-OPERA-Will-Embark-on-North-American-Tour-20241101
Do you think the Phantom tour will come to Broadway, as some have predicted?
If the tour sells well, no doubt it will. 
I don’t know if it will be the Majestic, as Les Miz and Miss Saigon were at the same houses they played, or a smaller house like the 2006 Les Miz revival or Cats.
It’s years away if it happens and no one knows what the landscape will look like then.
A new U.K. tour of Miss Saigon will launch nest year. https://playbill.com/article/new-production-of-miss-saigon-will-launch-u-k-tour-next-year
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media