Filed under:
What will questions will the 49ers need to answer during their next phase of the offseason?
The San Francisco 49ers are starting organized team activities (OTAs) this week, marking the next phase of their offseason program as they get closer to real game action.
It’s still early in the offseason, but there’s still much to take away from the OTA sessions as the 49ers look to find the pieces to the puzzle as they answer questions about their roster.
What are the biggest questions for the 49ers ahead of OTAs?
Arguably the biggest opening on the roster is the No. 3 cornerback spot, as the 49ers signed several players to compete at the position in the offseason.
San Francisco added Isaac Yiadom, Rock Ya-Sin, and Chase Lucas at the position in the offseason, while also adding Florida State cornerback Renardo Green with the No. 64 pick in the 2024 NFL Draft to foster competition in the room.
Currently, the 49ers have two clear starters: Deommodore Lenoir and Charvarius Ward.
Lenoir’s versatility allows the 49ers to test players both on the inside and the outside as they try and find the best three cornerbacks, but they’ll need to hit the nail on the head this year after the Isaiah Oliver experiment didn't work out a season ago.
When OTAs begin this week, we’ll see who lines up where and how they currently feel about the players in the room in a crucial offseason for the position.
The 49ers weren't able to get much from their rookie class a season ago, which makes sense given the strength of the roster and that their first pick was in the middle of the third round.
However, San Francisco is hoping for more from their 2023 draft class in Year 2 as they get a season of NFL experience under their belt.
Safety Ji’Ayir Brown and kicker Jake Moody are penciled in as starters, but what can the rest of the group do?
The tight end position will be one to watch: how will Cameron Latu and Brayden Willis fare in offseason No. 2?
Latu, drafted in the third round in 2023, was essentially redshirted last season, but now has the chance to emerge as the No. 2 tight end with Charlie Woerner heading to the Atlanta Falcons.
Elsewhere, the 49ers have cornerback Darrell Luter, who should be a part of that extensive competition, and linebackers Dee Winters and Jalen Graham, who could be in line for a bigger role after making the roster last season.
The 49ers made another selection at running back when they took Isaac Guerendo in the fourth round of the 2024 NFL Draft, trading up to get their guy.
Guerendo joins a group headlined by star Christian McCaffrey, with fourth-year player Elijah Mitchell and third-year player Jordan Mason rounding out the group.
Here, the question becomes: how quickly can Guerendo get into the fold? 
The 49ers made an investment in the rookie, but he faces extensive competition ahead of him, with Mitchell being a clear favorite of the staff during his career, which makes sense given his knack for ball protection.
If Guerendo flashes earlier than expected, that could make Mitchell, who is in the last year of his deal, potentially expendable ahead of the season or by the midseason mark.
But, it feels that the 49ers will carry each of their top four backs into the 2024 season.
The 49ers added a multitude of defensive linemen in free agency, signing Leonard Floyd, Yetur Gross-Matos, and Jordan Elliott, while trading for Maliek Collins.
The question with this group becomes: what is the distribution along the defensive line?
Incumbents Nick Bosa and Javon Hargrave return as the cornerstones of the group, but the 49ers have a good amount of depth with their group in 2024, and a battle should be entertained throughout the offseason.
Behind the top six, the 49ers will be looking at younger pieces Drake Jackson, Kalia Davis, and Robert Beal, who will be facing crucial offseasons as they compete with some of the veterans.
San Francisco could be rotating a ton this season, though, with the way their group is structured heading into the year.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.