Has the landscape of the 2024 NFL draft completely changed following last week's scouting combine?
Loaded with juicy trades, here is our post-combine mock of this spring's first 33 (yes, 33) picks:
Williams didn't have to throw a single ball in Indianapolis to solidify his status atop this draft. Heck, he probably didn't even have to throw a single ball all season.
Anyway, Chicago gets their franchise guy, thanks to Carolina.
The chatter around Jayden Daniels overtaking Maye for the No. 2 spot is louder than ever. But Maye is closer as a prospect to the 2022 Heisman Trophy winner than he is to the 2023 Heisman Trophy winner.
Despite the rumblings, the Tar Heel remains bound for the nation's capital.
Hey, not a bad consolation prize, right?
Daniels may not have been as heralded as Williams and Maye for the majority of the year, but the sky could be the limit for the dangerous dual-threat quarterback. So New England starts anew, both on the sidelines and under center.
No need to get cute if you're the Cardinals, who really have to give quarterback Kyler Murray a true No. 1 wideout.
Once again, we stick to our first mock and keep this slot with the best receiving prospect in recent memory.
Ok, let's have some fun now.
Our first trade involves a jump for the Bears—who not only saw Harrison Jr. go off the board, but could also see the two other top-tier wideouts get scooped up before No. 9. Chicago jumps the receiver-needy New York Giants and Tennessee Titans to nab a truly special talent in Nabers.
Luckily for the Giants and quarterback Daniel Jones, there are three elite wide receivers in this class.
The 6-foot-3, 212-pounder confirmed his freakish balance of size and athleticism at the combine, hitting his 40-yard dash (4.45 seconds) and 20-yard shuttle (4.03 seconds) in impressive fashion. Odunze also didn't leave Lucas Oil Stadium without recording a 6.6 on the three-cone drill, which sounds like something this blue-blood organization would drool over.
Like Arizona, Tennessee doesn't have to get fancy here. They may not have been able to grab wideout for second-year passer Will Levis, but they do shore up his left side with the surest tackle in the draft.
Alt exhibited his eye-opening agility for a 6-foot-8, 321-pound hog molly, registering his 40-yard dash in 5.05 seconds.
More fun!
It really feels like someone is going to make a leap for McCarthy. And it could be the Vikings, who were reportedly quite froggy in their failed pursuit of last year's fourth overall pick Anthony Richardson.
Since Atlanta may be taking Kirk Cousins away, they throw Minnesota a lifeline by setting them up for McCarthy—who is a good fit for Kevin O'Connell's offense.
After trading down from No. 5, the Chargers are able to secure the best prospect we've seen from this position in quite some time.
The reconstructing Chargers could very well move on from both Keenan Allen and Mike Williams. Bowers not only gives quarterback Justin Herbert and a premier pass catcher to potentially lighten the losses, but gives new head coach Jim Harbaugh the tight end he can build his offense around.
Considering it ended with a thigh injury, Fashanu's combine performance wasn't exactly the showcase many were hoping for. Nonetheless, there's no arguing with what's already there.
The 6-foot-6, 312-pounder is the top pass protector in this class. That should be music to quarterback Aaron Rodgers' ears . . . as long as he's not listening to dolphins doing the, uh, you know . . .
When's the last time the Falcons had a good pass rusher? Well, whenever it was, it doesn't matter now.
They finally reel one in with Turner, who shined amongst all edge defenders with an electric outing in Indy.
With the top four quarterbacks off the board, it's probably best that the Broncos don't reach here. So they go to the trenches—a spot head coach Sean Payton wasn't shy to add to during his time in New Orleans.
Denver is able to get their hands on Verse, a lengthy and explosive athlete who could thrive in Vance Joseph's defense.
Las Vegas, perhaps uncharacteristically, doesn't roll the dice on a quarterback either. Instead, they go with the smart money in Fuaga—who could instantly plug pretty much any of the currently empty spots on the offensive line.
If not for some concerns about his neck injury, Latu may be the first edge defender off the board. But the Saints, who finished with the fifth-fewest sacks in 2023, certainly won't mind picking up the polished pass rusher.
Colts general manager Chris Ballard is a sucker for high-end athletes, especially ones who test well leading up to the draft. And Mitchell, who's rising up boards after his stellar combine offering, fits the mold and the secondary in Indy.
After watching a potential run on cornerbacks begin with Mitchell, Philadelphia swings a deal with the Seattle Seahawks to get into position for Arnold. The Eagles defense, especially in the second half of the season, really could've used the confidence, attitude and talent this 'Bama product boasts.
Murphy II exhibited his explosiveness at the combine—as he hit some fine numbers in the 40-yard dash (4.87 seconds), 10-yard split (1.69 seconds), vertical jump (33 inches) and broad jump (9-foot-3). Jacksonville addresses a need at defensive tackle while swiping one of the top players available.
The ready-made right tackle could slip right into an area of need for Cincinnati.
A Cooper on offense and a Cooper on defense?
The Rams have a handful of defensive backs hitting free agency—including cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon and safeties Jordan Fuller and John Johnson III. DeJean possesses the versatility and athleticism to line up all over the secondary.
Assuming Russell Wilson's visit with the Steelers went really well on Friday, we'll hold off on a quarterback here. Instead, they get a future battery mate in Powers-Johnson—the top center of the class.
Miami may need to bulk up the middle of their defensive line if Christian Wilkins heads elsewhere in free agency. But they go for the other line and take Fautanu, who can play on the inside and the outside.
The Seahawks get their quarterback of the future and keep this Husky in Washington. Penix Jr. enters the NFL with above-average pocket movement and an above-average ham cannon.
Like their AFC South co-inhabitants in Jacksonville, the Texans find a happy medium of need and talent at the defensive tackle spot. The artist formerly known as Jer'Zhan, Newton is a disruptive presence who can blow up interior trenches.
The Chiefs, as they have for the past handful of years in the AFC, beat the Buffalo Bills and Baltimore Ravens to the punch. They strike a deal with the Dallas Cowboys to secure the top wide receiver available in Thomas Jr., who could bring the game-breaking vertical option back to the offense.
Barton, 6-foot-5 and 313 pounds, fits the profile of what the Packers often look for in their hog mollies. He has a successful track record as a left tackle and projects well as an interior blocker at the next level.
One of the best names in the draft is also one of the best defenders in the draft. McKinstry, who thrived in coverage at the highest level of college ball, checks a ton of boxes at the cornerback position
From one excellent name to another, the Cardinals add some juice to their pass-rushing attack with Robinson. The 6-foot-3, 254-pounder ran what might've been the most startling 40-yard dash of the combine, stopping the clock at a ridiculous 4.48 seconds.
Mitchell also opened some eyes with his 40, hitting the mark at 4.34 seconds. His well-rounded skill set should help make things a bit easier for do-it-all/do-it-all-the-time quarterback Josh Allen.
Given his very slight frame, Wiggins has been drawing comparisons to last year's 16th overall pick Emmanuel Forbes. Forbes' struggles in his rookie campaign may give teams some pause on the Clemson product, but he's too good to pass up for the Detroit secondary here.
It seems like Baltimore always lucks into a player that should've been drafted well before their turn. Well, it happens again here with the mountainous Mims, who may have the most upside amongst all offensive linemen in this class.
Guyton doesn't head into the pros with a ton of experience. But with a need at right tackle, the 49ers invest in the potent and powerful protector.
With center Tyler Biadasz heading for the open market, Dallas plugs the middle of their offensive trench with Frazier. While he may lack in length, the four-year college starter is as dependable as they come.
For the Panthers fans who stuck around, we give you a very intriguing receiver prospect in Coleman. Although his 40-yard dash (4.61 seconds) left a bit to be desired, the explosive playmaker peaked in the gauntlet at 20.36 mph—the fastest amongst all wideouts.
Updated list of Panthers 2024 draft picks
Panthers mock draft roundup 2.0: Tracking the latest 2024 projections
Panthers 2024 mock draft 4.0: Post-combine edition