E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
It had the makings of a great one and it was a great one.
On Friday night from Frank A. Schafer Field the Beal City football team lost by a final of 18-14 to visiting Reed City in what was a hard-hitting non-conference contest between two highly-ranked teams.
Reed City freshman running back Kason Coppick scored on a 5-yard run with 2:14 left in regulation to give the Coyotes their first lead of the night and then the defense stepped up and forced a three-an-out from the Aggies.
Beal City closes the 2024 regular season out at 7-2 while Reed City improves to 7-2. Beal City is ranked third in the AP Division 8 statewide rankings while Reed City is ranked fifth in D6.
The Aggies led the game for 46 of its 48 minutes and set the tone right from the get-go when senior running back Owen McKenny popped off a 75-yard run down to the Coyote 1 on the second offensive play of the game. Drew Block then punched it in to give the hosts a 6-0 lead before Kyle Martin booted the PAT to up the lead to 7-0.
Reed City got down to the Beal City 10-yardline on the ensuing offensive possession before the drive got bogged down. The Coyotes missed a 30-yard field goal attempt and the game was 7-0 at the end of one quarter.
Beal City punter Eric Elias had a huge night as he pinned Reed City deep in its own end three times.
The Coyotes got on the board on the first drive of the second half as Preston Wayne dove in from a yard out to make it 7-6. The PAT hit the left upright and was no good.
The Aggies took a 14-6 lead at the 8:21 mark of the fourth quarter when quarterback Cuyler Smith hit Drake Gatrell with a 7-yard TD pass.
Once again Reed City answered immediately as it went 67-yards in eight plays, culminating in a Coppick 17-yard TD run. The run conversion attempt was stuffed at the line.
Both the Aggies and Coyotes will play in the MHSAA playoffs next week. The MHSAA playoff field will be announced on Sunday afternoon.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group