By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  00:12, 13 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:16, 13 March 2024   
 9
View  comments
Bobbi Althoff was 'removed' from Drake's after-party on Monday night after she showed up 'uninvited' amid their rumored feud, sources had claimed to DailyMail.com exclusively.
It all went down at Mayfair nightclub in Austin, Texas after the South by Southwest premiere of the new docuseries Magic City: An American Fantasy, which Drake's DreamCrew Entertainment co-executive produced.
The party was hosted by Drake's team but the rapper, 37, himself was not in attendance, as reported by RadarOnline.
Onlookers say they saw Bobbi — who was also in Austin for SXSW — being removed by security when she turned up to the Drake event uninvited.
A source inside the party told DailyMail.com: 'I have no idea how she got in because she was not invited by organizers or hosts of the event.
'If you look up the past history between her and Drake, it's easy to see why she wasn't invited – and why she was removed as soon as possible.'
DailyMail.com has reached out to representatives for Bobbi for comment. 
Bobbi Althoff (pictured left on Monday) was 'removed' from Drake's after-party on Monday night after she showed up 'uninvited' amid their rumored feud, sources tell DailyMail.com exclusively
Celebrities who did make it through the doors included the likes of Carmelo Anthony, 2 Chainz, TI and Killer Mike.
The event saw the Mayfair transformed into the iconic Atlanta strip club Magic City, whose history and influence on hip hip is explored in the new three-part series.
The night before Monday's party, Drake performed the Kentucky stop on his It's All A Blur Tour.
He is scheduled to perform back-to-back shows at Frost Bank Center in San Antonio, Texas on Thursday, March 14, and Friday, March 15.
Hours before she was allegedly kicked out of Drake's party, Bobbi attended the iHeartRadio Podcast Awards at SXSW.
Bobbi hosts The Really Good Podcast, which Drake infamously appeared on last July. 
Their episode went viral and was later deleted — sparking rumors of a feud between the stars.
The Really Good Podcast took home the Best Emerging Podcast honor at Monday night's ceremony.
Last month, Bobbi's husband Cory officially filed for divorce and cited their date of separation as July 4, 2023 - which also happened to be around the same time she uploaded the since-deleted Drake interview.
It all went down at Mayfair nightclub in Austin, Texas after the South by Southwest premiere of the new docuseries Magic City: An American Fantasy, which Drake's DreamCrew Entertainment co-executive produced; T.I. and wife Tiny Harris seen at party
The party was hosted by Drake's team but the rapper, 37, himself was not in attendance; seen in December 2022
Onlookers say they saw Bobbi — who was also in Austin for SXSW — being removed by security when she turned up to the Drake event uninvited; seen in February
Celebrities who did make it through the doors included the likes of Bryan-Michael Cox, Killer Mike and Jermaine Dupri (pictured)
The event saw the Mayfair transformed into the iconic Atlanta strip club Magic City, whose history and influence on hip hip is explored in the new three-part series; Hilton Howell Jr., Matt James and Cole Brown pictured
Bobbi has repeatedly denied having an affair with Drake and a source told TMZ that the rapper is 'not responsible' for the couple's split.
Last August, Bobbi slammed any rumors in a private message sent to Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, who later shared the conversation on his own Instagram account.
The messages between the pair were shared after a clip from Portnoy's podcast in which he discusses a conversation he had with Bobbi was shared on social media - having been edited to further fuel reports of an affair between the podcast host and the rapper.
In his DM to Bobbi, Portnoy asked directly whether she'd been intimate with Drake and was planning to divorce her husband, writing, 'My girlfriend said you slept with Drake and are getting a divorce. I am saying that is not true.'
Bobbi responded, 'I'm not commenting on it publicly, but off the record, you're right that is not true. 'The conversation ended with Portnoy adding, 'I knew I was right.'
In his BFFs podcast, the Barstool founder discussed that conversation - however the clip was edited for social media purposes in order to make it sound more 'juicy' than it was.
Insiders also told the entertainment outlet that towards the end of summer last year, the Grammy winner wasn't on good terms with the media personality with their friendship becoming rocky.
Hours before she was allegedly kicked out of Drake's party, Bobbi attended the iHeartRadio Podcast Awards at SXSW. Bobbi hosts The Really Good Podcast, which Drake infamously appeared on last July
Last year in August - one month after she shared an interview with Drake that showed the pair in bed together - Bobbi shut down speculation that both she and Drake were romantically involved
She slammed any rumors in a private message sent to Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, who later shared the conversation on his own Instagram account; seen in August 2023 in L.A.
Insiders also told the entertainment outlet that towards the end of summer last year, the Grammy winner wasn't on good terms with the media personality with their friendship becoming rocky
Following the viral podcast interview, Bobbi had remained in contact with Drake and he later invited her to one of his concert in Los Angeles in August. The next day, she notably took down the podcast interview with the rapper.
Sources informed TMZ that the God's Plan hitmaker had only given her tickets for general admission, not VIP - which had allegedly made the media influencer 'angry.'
In another since-deleted clip, Bobbi uploaded a video of herself standing on the floor area inside the venue with an unamused expression on her face.
Sources added that she was allegedly upset over only getting general admission access, and at one point during the concert, attempted to get backstage but was prevented from doing so by security.
Afterwards, insiders told TMZ that the singer's team had requested Bobbi take down both the concert video as well as the viral interview. Amidst the rumored drama, the two also unfollowed each other on Instagram.
In regards to whether Althoff and the rapper - whose full name is Aubrey Drake Graham - have resolved the rumored conflict, sources informed the outlet that the pair do not talk.
Afterwards, insiders told TMZ that the singer's team had requested Bobbi take down both the concert video as well as the viral interview. Amidst the rumored drama, the two also unfollowed each other on Instagram; seen in April 2023 in North Carolina 
Last month, the media personality took to her main Instagram page to break her silence after her husbamd Cory filed for divorce
However, while recently appearing on Keke Palmer's podcast, Bobbi claimed that she had spoken to the star around a month earlier.
She also added that he is 'a very nice person' while crediting the rapper for 'changing the trajectory' of her life.
Bobbi first found fame on TikTok in 2021, after posting relatable content which focused on her children and pregnancy experiences.
She then launched her podcast in April of last year, where she has been praised for her deadpan humor while chatting to big name rappers such as Drake, Tyga and Lil Yachty.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group