WEATHER ALERT
Holly Galvan Posey, Digital Content Producer
Sofia Ojeda, Anchor
Frank Espinoza, News Producer
Published: September 27, 2024 at 8:23 AM
Updated: September 27, 2024 at 9:15 AM
Holly Galvan Posey, Digital Content Producer
Sofia Ojeda, Anchor
Frank Espinoza, News Producer
The 88th annual Fort Bend County Fair & Rodeo is in full swing, offering a mix of rides, concerts, and family-friendly activities that promise something for everyone.
The fair, running from now until Oct. 6, is set to be a celebration of community, inclusivity, and fun, with the theme “Defying Challenges, Raising Champions” emphasizing the fair’s commitment to welcoming all families with open arms.
This year’s fair theme reflects the dedication to inclusivity, aiming to create an environment where everyone, no matter their age or ability, can participate and thrive.
President of the Fort Bend County Fair & Rodeo Alicia Casias said, “Our fair isn’t just a tradition; it’s a celebration of inclusivity, where all children are welcomed with open arms.”
Ten days packed full of fun for the entire family. The carnival rides, livestock shows and rodeo action, and giving back to the community.
“Not only are we just having fun with our family and friends, we’ve got some students that have worked really hard through our F.F.A. programs to raise animals for the livestock shows and you will want to come out and support them and watch them show their animals that they’ve worked so hard to raise over the last few months,” said Fort Bend County Fair Board Member, Jennifer Williams.
This year’s fair features a diverse lineup of musical talent, including:
The carnival offers a wide array of rides, games, and delicious fair food that the entire family will enjoy. From adrenaline-pumping rides like the Downdraft and Arctic Blast to classic attractions like the Gondola Wheel and Tilt-A-Whirl, there’s no shortage of fun. Little ones can enjoy Kiddy Land, featuring the Carousel and the iconic Ferris Wheel.
Here are the carnival’s hours of operation:
Please note that carnival armbands and ride tickets are not available for purchase online.
The Fort Bend County Fair Association awarded more than a quarter of a million dollars in scholarships to deserving youth this year.
$1.5 million dollars were generated in 2023 through the fair’s auctions, in both livestock and art.
Another exciting addition to the fair this year is the debut of a new youth leadership council.
“So not only are we inviting students out to participate in a show capacity, but we are also trying to instill leadership skills and quality and build that into turning it over to tomorrow when they can take over for me one day,” adds Williams.
The fair is set to offer something for everyone, from the Exceptional Rodeo to the Old 300 Horse Show, and Special Citizens Day, which are designed to cater to people of all ages and abilities.
The Sensory Calm Down Corral is also new this year.
A calm and quiet area for families with children who have physical or intellectual special needs who may be having a hard time and need a place to take a break.
“We have these sensory tents. They are pretty much blackout tents. And kids can go in, grab a soft pillow, they could take lighting in there with them also. We have a busy board. This also helps them keep their fingers busy. It helps them keep their mind off of overstimulation,” said Chairperson of the Sensory Calm Down Corral, Coral Casias.
This new addition will ensure that everyone is able to enjoy the event. 
“My son is five years old and when he was two and a half he was diagnosed with Autism. And we found that sometimes it’s a little hard for us to go out to public events or concerts and just any outdoor activities because he did get a little bit overstimulated. We want to give all kids the ability to be able to enjoy in all of the fair, fun, all of the activities. And we also want to give parents peace of mind and just kind of reassurance that there are people here to support them,” added Casias.
You cannot forget about all the great vendors and fair food. Make sure to stop by a Fort Bend County Fair staple, The St. John Fisher Catholic Church hut.
Grandfather Robert and grandson Cesar say they’ve used the same family recipe for 45 years!
And we couldn’t leave without testing out one of the rides for you.
“New this year at the fair folks can go surfing. Frank and I are going to ride the Big Surf. Are you ready to hang 10 dude?” said KPRC 2 Anchor Sofia Ojeda.
“No,” said KPRC 2 Producer Frank Espinoza.
“Let’s go!” yelled Ojeda.
For more information and to see the full lineup of events, visit the official Fort Bend County Fair website.
More Stories Like This In Our Email Newsletter
Copyright 2024 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Holly joined the KPRC 2 digital team in March 2024, leveraging her eight years of expertise in blogging and digital content to share her passion for Houston. Outside of work, she enjoys exploring the city's vibrant scenes, all while balancing her roles as a wife and mother to two toddlers.
email
Award-winning journalist, proud immigrant, happy wife, beaming mom. Addicted to coffee. Love to laugh.
email
facebook
twitter
instagram
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Meet the Team
Careers at KPRC
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (713) 778-4745
At KPRC, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 Click2Houston.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.