It's officially the month of the 2024 NFL Draft (taking place April 25-27 in Detroit), and one team (Minnesota Vikings) has already orchestrated a trade to obtain an additional first-round pick, giving itself more flexibility to potentially trade up in Round 1. With an enticing quarterback class and game-changing talent at other positions, there's a good chance we'll see several teams work their way up the draft board on Thursday night. With this in mind, we ask the question:
Which team most needs to trade up in Round 1?
PICK: Denver Broncos
The Broncos have arguably the worst quarterback situation in the NFL, and they didn’t have the resources to fix it when free agency started. The only real shot at improving that room now is a bold draft trade that puts them in position to select one of the top four prospects in the class. Denver might find a solid option where it currently sits -- at 12th overall -- but the potential stars will be long gone by then (a group that includes Caleb Williams, Jayden Daniels, Drake Maye and J.J. McCarthy). The Broncos already reside in a conference and division featuring stellar quarterback play. To go into next season without real hope at the position doesn’t make much sense.
PICK: Las Vegas Raiders
The Raiders, who currently have Aidan O’Connell and Gardner Minshew at the top of the depth chart and are set to pick 13th overall, should cash in right now for one of this year’s top quarterbacks. They had the No. 1 scoring defense from Week 9 last season -- when Antonio Pierce took over -- to Week 18, and they signed Christian Wilkins this offseason to pair with game-wrecker Maxx Crosby. I'm telling you, no franchise has done better signing a free agent since “The Fast and the Furious” franchise brought in The Rock. The Raiders should be aggressive in their trade for a quarterback at the end of the month. 
PICK: New York Giants
The Giants can’t go into another season thinking Daniel Jones, who is recovering from an ACL tear and has a 22-36-1 record as a starter, is good enough to be a legit franchise quarterback, and owner John Mara said recently he’d support general manager Joe Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll drafting a quarterback early in Round 1. They currently hold the No. 6 overall pick, but considering the glut of QB-needy teams, that spot will likely be too low to nab a top quarterback prospect.
PICK: Denver Broncos or Minnesota Vikings
The Vikings and Broncos, two quarterback-needy teams, hold first-round picks outside of the top 10. The top four quarterbacks in this year’s draft class (Caleb Williams, Jayden Daniels, Drake Maye and J.J. McCarthy) likely won’t be available after the fifth overall pick, let alone at Nos. 11 (Minnesota) and 12 (Denver). If these franchises are comfortable with guys like Michael Penix Jr. or Bo Nix, they could stand pat. However, to really improve their current offenses and compete in their respective divisions, they need to go get one of those top signal-callers.
PICK: Denver Broncos
After the disaster that was the Russell Wilson era, and after watching their AFC West-rival Kansas City Chiefs win their second straight Super Bowl, the Broncos are looking for good news. Moving up into the top five from their No. 12 spot will likely cost Denver multiple 2025 selections, due to the Broncos' lack of capital in this year's draft (just two of the team's eight picks are in the top 100), but acquiring one of the top four quarterbacks gives the team direction -- and its fans something to believe in.
PICK: Las Vegas Raiders or Denver Broncos
Both the Raiders and Broncos parted with their QB1s from last season, with Las Vegas releasing Jimmy Garoppolo and Denver releasing Russell Wilson, respectively. The Raiders can’t go into 2024 with Aidan O’Connell or Gardner Minshew as the starting options if they want to knock off the Chiefs, who have owned the AFC West for the majority of the last decade. Same goes for Denver and Jarrett Stidham. Both teams need to invest in a quarterback in the first round, but it isn’t a guarantee the QBs they seek will be available at Nos. 7 (Raiders) or 12 (Broncos). So, I expect at least one of these teams to climb up the draft board early on April 25.
This is tough for me to answer, having been a former general manager for several NFL teams. Right now, I don’t believe any team needs to feel like it must move up, because decision-makers typically wait until Round 1 gets underway, to see if their targeted player might end up in striking range of their original pick anyway. The reason a team moves up is to select a specific player at a cost that makes sense -- NOT to “go up and get one of those top QBs.” Without knowing which players will still be on the board and at what spots, GMs generally don’t know the real price of trading up ahead of time. The overall cost of draft capital to move up is often excessive and can be debilitating to the team-building process down the road. I’m a big believer in gathering picks to have flexibility to make strategic moves -- not desperate ones. 
That said, in terms of scenarios involving a trade up in the first round, I prefer not to have to jump too many spots at too great of a cost. 
What will the Cleveland Browns do with the No. 2 overall pick? How many running backs will be drafted in the first round? In the top 10? Our analysts provide bold predictions for Round 1 of the 2025 NFL Draft.
The first round is always fertile ground for dealmaking. With the 2025 NFL Draft right around the corner, our analysts discuss which trades they want to see. What kinds of moves could Les Snead's Rams, Jerry Jones' Cowboys and Omar Khan's Steelers look to execute in Round 1?
With the 2025 NFL Draft less than one month away, teams are working hard to examine every option when it comes to the first round. How should clubs drafting on that Thursday night approach Round 1? Our analysts offer seven pieces of advice.
Can the Chicago Bears make the most of their league-low four draft picks? Will the new-look Patriots maximize their eight selections? Our analysts debate which team has the most to gain in the 2024 NFL Draft.
The quarterbacks are sure to headline the 2024 NFL Draft, but who is the best non-QB in this class? Our analysts have three prospects in mind.
Which player is the most underrated in the 2024 NFL Draft? Our analysts discuss eight prospects who deserve more attention. Let's debate!
Who is the can't-miss prospect in the 2023 NFL Draft? Texas running back Bijan Robinson is a popular pick, but Hall of Fame RB LaDainian Tomlinson has his eyes on a defensive player. NFL Network analysts offer up eight candidates.
Just 31 players will be selected on the opening night of the 2023 NFL Draft in Kansas City, but there are talents worthy of hearing their names called on Day 1. Which prospect might not be a first-round pick, but SHOULD be? NFL Network analysts have six players in mind.
Can the Detroit Lions continue the forward momentum from last season's finish and a fruitful free agency haul? Will the Houston Texans make the most of their 12 draft picks? NFL analysts discuss which team has the most to gain in the 2023 NFL Draft. 
The widespread assumption is that the Carolina Panthers will take a quarterback with the No. 1 overall pick in the 2023 NFL Draft. With that in mind, our analysts debate which prospect SHOULD come off the board first on April 27.
Who is the can't-miss prospect in the 2022 NFL Draft? David Carr makes a case for wide receiver Garrett Wilson, but Joe Thomas has his eyes on a defensive player. NFL Network analysts debate six candidates!