Stella Atom will soon find a home at Buck Atom’s Cosmic Curio’s on 66.
Deborah J. Hunter will perform “Amazons, Gypsies and Wandering Minstrels” at Positive Space Tulsa this weekend.
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
Broken Arrow’s annual New Orleans Square Block Party, scheduled 5-10:30 p.m. June 27 through June 29, will feature concerts with vocalists from “name” bands, plus food trucks, fireworks, merchant booths and various activities.
The event is led by Waters Edge Winery & Bistro of Broken Arrow, an urban winery in the heart of the Broken Arrow Rose District, and will take place at the newly renovated intersection of New Orleans Street (101st Street) and Elm Place (161st Street).
The concert lineup:
Thursday: Drake Milligan
Friday: John Elefante, former lead vocalist of Kansas; Kevin Chalfant, affiliated with Journey, the Storm, 707 and Alan Parsons Live Project; John Cafferty, voice of Eddie and the Cruisers and lead vocalist of John Cafferty and the Beaver Brown Band; Alex Ligertwood, former lead vocalist of Santana; Johnny Edwards, former (second) lead singer of Foreigner; Billy Burnette and Bekka Bramlett, former members of Fleetwood Mac.
Saturday: St Paul and the Minneapolis Allstars (members of Prince and the Revolution, The Time, New Power Generation); Chicago Nights featuring former Chicago vocalists Jason Scheff and Bill Champlin, plus guitarist Chris Rodriguez.
For information, go to the New Orleans Square Facebook page or go to brokenarrow.gov and search calendar items.
Buck Atom, the “space cowboy muffler man” who has watched over the Buck Atom’s Cosmic Curios shop on Route 66 since 2019, is finally getting a companion.
Stella Atom, a 19-foot-tall “space cowgirl,” will take her place this week at the shop, 1347 E. 11th St.
The official dedication ceremony is 5-7 p.m. Friday, June 28. In addition to speeches from Route 66 authorities such as author Michael Wallis, the event will include live music and refreshments.
More information can be found at buckatomson66.com.
Cain’s Ballroom will host three events in three days, beginning with Barron Ryan’s “There Arises Light in the Darkness” album release show Thursday, June 27. The album commemorates the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre. A lifelong Tulsan, Ryan wanted to offer beauty to the massacre’s memory and to show that there’s still reason for hope. He composed and recorded a new work for violin, cello, and piano which musically conveys how struggle can turn into triumph.
Wade Bowen will perform Friday, June 28, at Cain’s Ballroom, and the historic venue will host a Dial Up Ultimate 90s Dance Party Saturday, June 29.
For tickets to Cain’s Ballroom events, go to cainsballroom.com.
Tulsa Sound Podcast productions is presenting Hashioka, a live music celebration Sunday, June 30, at the Venue Shrine.
The event will feature Brad Absher and His Superials, Charlie Redd, Lime Juice, Bob Wiles, Cowboy Jones, Big Mogus and Mr. Eric.
For tickets, go to tulsashrine.com.
Homegrown comedy artist Trey Kennedy of Edmond will perform Saturday, June 29, at the Cove, the concert venue of the River Spirit Casino.
For tickets, go to riverspirittulsa.com.
Celebrate World UFO Day at Circle Cinema 7:30 p.m. Saturday, June 29, when Tulsa composer Dustin Edward Howard presents a special live music performance accompanying the 1953 film “The War of the Worlds.” Costumes are encouraged.
Howard will play an original live score with guitars, drums, synths, a light show and even Circle Cinema’s 1928 pipe organ.
Tickets are $20 for Circle Cinema members and $25 for non-members at circlecinema.org.
Aaron Tippin will headline an 8 p.m. Friday, June 28, concert event at Rogers Point Park on Route 66 near Catoosa with support from the Kentucky Headhunters and Confederate Railroad.
At 8 p.m. Saturday, June 29, Rogers Point Park will host a “Fraud of July” multi-tribute band event featuring groups that play the music of Led Zeppelin, The Cars, Tom Petty and Journey. For tickets, go to kismetkoncerts.com.
Positive Space Tulsa, 1324 E. Third St., will host a series of performances of “Amazons, Gypsies and Wandering Minstrels,” a original work by Tulsa author and spoken-word artist Deborah J. Hunter.
Hunter’s work is a collection of poetic monologues, told from various points of view, of women trying to survive mental illness, homelessness, addiction and abuse.
Hunter received a 2020 Greenwood Art Project grant for her original play, “Porches,” set during the years following that Tulsa tragedy and staged during the 2021 Centennial remembrance, was a winner of the Woman of the Year Pinnacle Award in 2018 and was a 2013 Oklahoma Poet Laureate finalist.
Performances of “Amazons, Gypsies and Wandering Minstrels” are at 8 p.m., Thursday-Saturday, June 27-29, at Positive Space Tulsa. Tickets are $15, and seating is limited. To purchase: eventbrite.com.
The Tulsa World newsroom is committed to covering this community with curiosity, tenacity and depth. Our passion for telling the story of Tulsa remains unwavering. Because your story is our story. Thank you to our subscribers who support local journalism. Join them with limited-time offers at tulsaworld.com/story.
jimmie.tramel@tulsaworld.com
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
Leon Russell's touring band will be joined by guest artists at a Friday, May 2 concert event dubbed “Leon Live Presents: The Shelter People."
If "Tiger King" wasn't to your liking, you may be more willing to embrace the feel-good documentary "Uncharted" about the cubs of a former "Ti…
Bell, known as the queen of the Tulsa Sound, toured with Leon Russell and Joe Cocker. She said she felt “blessed beyond words” being asked to …
The Tulsa-based music artist is releasing a new album, "Cruel Joke," in May.
Here are upcoming concerts in Tulsa.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.