Lately, each morning on ESPN's morning show Get Up, has featured a segment called the "Green List." Here, host Mike Greenberg details a top 5 in an isolated category. In yesterday's top 5 NFL moves to be made, he suggested the New York Giants trade up in the draft to take North Carolina quarterback, Drake Maye. The topic was debated at length today.
It's quite an intriguing topic that warrants heavy consideration. NFL analyst (and former Giants backup quarterback) Tim Hasselbeck agreed with Greeny in his Giants' suggestion. Let's add further context to this situation.
This list of five moves Greenberg wants to see this offseason span the NFL. It's not just in the draft or relative to quarterbacks. For example, it started with the Jets trading for Davonte Adams at #5. Greenberg is a well-known Jets fan, so his placing the Giants at #1 does not have any personal ties.
In order for them to do so, they would first have to trade up in the draft order. The Giants currently have the sixth pick. In this "Green List" hypothetical, the GMen trade with the Patriots, who currently own the third pick.
Then, there's the subject of Daniel Jones. This is perhaps the most complex piece of the puzzle. Jones is under a huge contract. However, Jones is recovering from a torn ACL, and currently it is unknown as to when he will be healthy. In addition, this sixth-year QB has been injured almost every year he's been in the league.
Another interesting angle Greenberg points out, which is a big reason why he made it his top move, is that he sees incredible potential in Maye. He's often compared to having similar qualities to Josh Allen from the Bills. Maye has also been under the tutelage of Giants' legend, Eli Manning. Speaking of the Bill, Giants head coach, Brian Daboll came from Buffalo (as did GM Joe Schoen).
There is still a lot that can happen between now in late April when the draft takes place. What the Giants will do with star running back Saquon Barkley, is also a burning question. Nonetheless, it does not hide the fact that Jones is a question mark, and this is the quarterback draft we've been talking about for years. Now, ESPN is spending significant time detailing why drafting Drake Maye is a great move for the Giants. They certainly have a solid point.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!