Manage your account
Annie Lennox is reflecting on the mass tragedies that have unfolded in the Middle East since Hamas launched its deadliest attack yet on Israel exactly one year ago.
Sharing a series of infographics via Instagram on Monday (Oct. 7), the politically outspoken musician took a moment to mourn all the casualties that have occurred over the past 12 months — from the 1,200-plus Israelis who lost their lives when Hamas descended on Israel on Oct. 7, 2023, to the countless Palestinians (Associated Press estimates more than 41,000) who have died in Israel’s war efforts against the terrorist organization in the year since.
More from Billboard
Michael Stipe & Jason Isbell Team Up for R.E.M. Classics at Kamala Harris Campaign Event
Victoria Monét Brings the Smoke on Provocative Playboy Cover Promoting 'Jaguar II' Deluxe Edition
Riot Fest Statement on Fan Who Died From Injuries Sustained At 2024 Event: 'Health, Safety and Well-Being of Our Fans' Top Priority
“This is a heavy day – one year after the events that were to create a ‘tipping point’ in this decades long situation of discord and brutality,” Lennox wrote. “I had always hoped things might change for the better.. but tragically – that is not the case. On Oct 7th 2024 we are looking at a potential ‘forever war’ situation, with the entire Middle Eastern region on the brink of being completely drawn into it.
“Today’s career politicians have no moral compass and the ‘never again’ understanding has evaporated in plain sight, with ‘human rights’ shredded into pieces,” she continued. “We humans are capable of tremendous achievements and indescribable atrocities.”
The Eurythmics frontwoman also encouraged followers to “reflect upon the sanctity of life..and the qualities of peace, compassion and empathy.”
“I am for ceasefire and peace,” she added in the comments. “That is ALL I call for. I deplore anti – Semitism as much as I deplore the killing, wounding and continuous displacement of children, women and innocent Palestinian civilians.
“And of COURSE I want to see the innocent hostages returned safely to their families,” Lennox concluded. “This tragically doesn’t seem to be a priority for [Israeli Prime Minister] Netanyahu and his government.”
As the “Sweet Dreams” artist pointed out, the violence in Gaza has been unrelenting since the Oct. 7 attacks. As Israelis gathered to pay tribute to the people they lost that day with memorial services Monday, AP reports that Hamas was simultaneously firing rockets at Israel alongside Hezbollah, an allied militant organization from Lebanon. Meanwhile, Israel is continuing to assail both Gaza and Lebanon as tensions mount with Iran, and Palestinians are facing rampant hunger and homelessness across the country.
Lennox is far from the first musician who has supported a ceasefire amid the crisis. Dua Lipa, Paramore, Cardi B, Megan Thee Stallion, Reneé Rapp, Hozier, Muna and more have also all called for an immediate end to the violence in Gaza, while Drake, Jennifer Lopez, Adam Lambert and several more stars signed an Artists4Ceasefire letter to President Joe Biden and the U.S. Congress in October 2023.
Best of Billboard
Chart Rewind: In 1989, New Kids on the Block Were 'Hangin' Tough' at No. 1
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Sign up for Billboard's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.