Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
New England has used eight different combinations this season because of injuries and poor play. 
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Press Herald subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Press Herald subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Coach Jerod Mayo said Patriots offensive line was a strength after a Week 8 win. It took a step back in Week 9.  Charles Krupa/Associated Press 
FOXBOROUGH. Mass — Patriots Coach Jerod Mayo said over the summer that he’d like to have the starting offensive line settled by the third week of the preseason.
The Patriots are preparing for their 10th game of the regular season, and the combination is still fully in flux, even on a day-to-day basis.
“If I’m getting very honest, like it’s been frustrating throughout the year, as far as the different combinations we’ve had to work with,” Mayo said. “I’m very appreciative of Big Mike (Onwenu) and just his willingness before anything else, his willingness to do whatever it takes to help the team win.”
Onwenu has made seven different position changes, moving from right tackle to right guard, dating back to organized team activities in the spring. Based on the offensive line combinations in practice early this week and comments from offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt, it appeared Onwenu would be making an eighth switch for Sunday’s game against the Bears with a move to left guard, a position he hasn’t played since 2021.
In Friday’s practice, he was back at right guard.
“We just put Mike in there (at left guard) this week for just some reps,” offensive line coach Scott Peters said Friday morning. “We’re trying to get guys to make sure – because he’s our best player. He’s a good football player. For him, we’re asking a lot of him to do that. But really we just prepare with contingencies each week because we’ve had a lot of different lineups, so you always have to look ahead and see where guys need to go if you had someone go down.”Advertisement
Mayo expounded on his frustrations.
“The frustrating part for me has just been the guys in and out of the lineup,” Mayo said. “Whether it’s through injury or whether it’s through performance, it’s just been a bunch of different things. That’s part of football, and that’s part of me learning as a head coach. Those things are going to happen. Some years it’s worse than others. This year, it’s just been hard to get the same group out there every week.”
The Patriots (2-7) have had eight different offensive line combinations in nine games. Many of those lineup changes, dating back to training camp, were forced due to injuries. But some have been self-inflicted.
After the Patriots beat the Jets in Week 8, Mayo was asked about the offensive line and said, “What was perceived, I would say, earlier on as a weakness on this team has now become a strength.”
But then they benched right tackle Demontrey Jacobs, moved Onwenu back to right tackle and brought Layden Robinson off the bench to play right guard to start last Sunday’s loss to the Titans. That combination lasted less than a quarter, because Robinson was struggling against Titans Pro Bowl defensive tackle Jeffery Simmons. So, Robinson was benched, Jacobs came into the game at right tackle and Onwenu moved back over to guard.
“I’ve had multiple conversations with Big Mike, and as always it’s with a smile and ‘whatever I need to do to help the team win,’ and I appreciate that,” Mayo said.Advertisement
Center Ben Brown and left guard Michael Jordan had been relative standouts for the Patriots earlier this season. But both players struggled mightily against the Titans with Jordan leading the team with five pressures allowed and Brown finishing second with four pressures, including a sack.
Sidy Sow was a steady presence at left guard throughout the summer, but an ankle injury suffered in the Patriots’ final preseason game set him back. He’s started one game this season and is Pro Football Focus’ lowest graded guard out of 113 players.
Both Mayo and Peters cited Sow’s relative lack of experience, since he grew up in Canada. Sow, 26, played at Eastern Michigan from 2017 to 2022. He also played in high school and at Champlain College Lennoxville.
“It’s kind of a combination of things, but he’s doing a good job coming back,” Peters said. “You know, for Sidy, football, he’s relatively young and new to the game, and so for him, he’s doing an excellent job. He’s a smart guy, tough guy. He’s got a lot of attributes that you really like. So, we’re just continuing to work with him, and again, in multiple spots.”
Added Mayo: “He’s continuing to grow. I will say, a guy like Sidy who hasn’t played football since he was 5 years old like some of us, he’s still developing and still growing.”
EXPECT TO SEE more playing time out of Patriots rookie wide receivers Ja’Lynn Polk and Javon Baker against the Bears.Advertisement
The two 2024 draft picks combined for just 13 snaps in last week’s loss to the Titans. Polk, a second-rounder, was targeted once and was flagged twice in the game. Baker didn’t receive any targets and has yet to catch his first NFL pass.
“Just got to get him in there and get him acclimated again, get him back in there and find some targets for him,” Van Pelt said of Polk on Thursday morning. “Very capable receiver, loved what he did in college. Had a great summer for us. Just gotta get him reset and get back into it.”
Van Pelt said he can see Baker getting more reps this week in Chicago.
“He’s an explosive player. Comes off the ball extremely hard. He stresses defensive backs in coverage,” Van Pelt said of the fourth-round pick. “He’s elusive, he’s really wiggly at the top of the routes and can create separation. There’s a lot to like.”
NOTES: It appears that former Patriots quarterback Mac Jones could start for the Jaguars on Sunday against the Vikings. Jags starter Trevor Lawrence is “day to day” with a left shoulder injury and is unlikely to start this week. … The Patriots announced they’ll wear white jerseys on silver pants this weekend against the Bears … Van Pelt called Drake Maye’s 11.8-second scramble drill touchdown to send last week’s loss into overtime, “One of the best plays I’ve seen in a long time” … Van Pelt has seen “huge growth” from rookie tight end Jaheim Bell, who hauled in his first career catch last week.
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. Read more... 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
For those stories that we do enable discussion, our system may hold up comments pending the approval of a moderator for several reasons, including possible violation of our guidelines. As the Maine Trust’s digital team reviews these comments, we ask for patience.  
Comments are managed by our staff during regular business hours Monday through Friday and limited hours on Saturday and Sunday. Comments held for moderation outside of those hours may take longer to approve. 
By joining the conversation, you are agreeing to our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is found on our FAQs. 
You can modify your screen name here.
Show less
Please sign into your Press Herald account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.
Your commenting screen name has been updated.
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »