A wave of tributes have been left for people from Plymouth or those with links to the city who have died recently. The heartfelt messages appeared in the funeral notices section of PlymouthLive's sister title, The Herald.
The messages, placed between July 8 and July 12, provide comfort to the loved ones of those either lost or being celebrated. There were also five in memoriams.
Announcing the passing of a loved one in local news media is a long-standing tradition and we are proud of the trust placed in us to make these important announcements. Every notice published in our newspaper and on our news site also appears on funeral-notices.co.uk - the UK’s number one site for death notices and in memoriams.
Read more:
Every notice remains online forever providing friends and families with a lifelong tribute to their loved one, a safe place online to share memories, add tributes, photographs and make donations in memory.
Each week we pay tribute to the loved ones remembered in our area with a funeral notice and online tribute page. To read the latest announcements and add tributes to those from our area who have passed away, click here.
Here are a selection of notices published in the last week.
Aged 89 Years Devoted Wife of Norman, loving Mother to Julie, Janet (deceased), Lynne & Stephen, cherished Nan to all of her Grandchildren & Great Grandchildren. Loved & missed by all who knew her. Thelma's ceremony will be held on Wednesday 17th July 2024 at 2pm Weston Mill Crematorium. Family flowers only by request please. Donations made in loving memory of Thelma will benefit The Devon Air Ambulance Trust.
 Sadly passed away at home on 29th June aged 83, surrounded by her loving family. Devoted Mum to Ivor and Lorraine. Loving Mother-in-Law to Jane and Shaun. Also loving Grandma to Stephanie (& Mark), Ryan (& Becca), Claire, Patrick (& Hayley), Matthew and Liam. Beloved Great Grandma to Zak, Sasha, Jacob (deceased) and Zoey. At peace now and out of pain. Reunited with Ernie, her devoted husband. Sleep tight and God bless. Funeral service to be held at Weston Mill Crematorium on Wednesday 24th July 2024 at 11:30. Family and friends welcome. Casual dress. Donations if desired will benefit the work of St Luke's Hospice. All enquiries to Co-op funeralcare 12-14 Morshead Road Crownhill Plymouth PL6 5AJ 01752 303830.
On Wednesday 3rd July Ian (Bob) Blair beloved husband of Sandra, loving father of Nicola, Paul and Jason, caring grandfather to Luke and Jake sadly passed away at home. Looking back with tenderness, along the path we trod, we bless the years we spent with you and leave the rest to God. Funeral service will be held at Weston Mill Crematorium on Tuesday 23rd July at 14:45 hrs. Donations to St Luke's Hospice.
Barbara sadly passed away at Mount Gould Hospital on Wednesday 3rd July 2024, aged 84 years. Devoted wife of Dave. Mum of Lesley, Donna, Terry, Tony (deceased) and Trevor. Nan of Sonia, Sophie, Abby, Shannon, Kayleigh, Tony, Daniel, Callum, Lewis, Mathew, Sam and James. Great Nan of 17 Great Grandchildren. A very special thanks to all the staff at Skylark Ward for the wonderful care they showed to Barbara and myself. I miss her deeply, but I know we will be together again sometime. Funeral service will take place at Weston Mill Crematorium on Tuesday 16th July at 3.30pm. Either flowers or donations, if desired, for St Luke's Hospice Plymouth or Plymouth Hospitals General Charity - Skylark Ward may be left online at wcpltd.com All enquiries to Walter C. Parson Crownhill PL6 5DY Tel: 01752 767676.
Zita Margaret Howard Cliffe (nee Prior) Sadly passed away on Sunday 30th June 2024 at Torr Home, Plymouth. She was 93 years old. Beloved wife of David (deceased), mother of Blair and Xanthe, grandmother of Rosanna and Annabelle and great-grandmother of Bryn, Gryffin and Frances. Funeral will be held at 1pm on Tuesday 16 July 2024 at Church of the Ascension, Crownhill and afterwards at Efford Crematorium. Family flowers only, and donations, if desired, to the British Heart Foundation. All enquiries to Walter C Parson Funeral Directors The Firs, 702 Budshead Road, Crownhill, Plymouth, PL6 5DY 01752 76 76 76 firsfd@wcpltd.com www.wcpltd.com.
04/06/1974 - 28/06/2024 Son to Brian and Kathy, brother to Michelle and Claire, uncle to Dan, Ruby and Jonah. Funeral service at Weston Mill Crematorium at 12.15pm 26th July. No flowers. Donations if so desired to Gables Dogs by retiring collection. Thank you xx All enquiries to Plymouth & District Funeral Services Tel 01752 407100.
 Sadly passed away on Saturday 29th June 2024, aged 91 years. Husband of Valerie (deceased), Grandad to Katherine and great grandad to Courtney. Funeral service will be held at Weston Mill Crematorium on Wednesday 17th July at 10.45am. Family flowers only please, donations if desired for Mill Ford School may be left online at wcpltd.com All enquiries to Walter C. Parson Plympton, PL7 1QW Tel: 01752 343848.
 Pat Nee Coleman On 1st July 2024, at Derriford Hospital, aged 73 years. Mum of Donna and Amanda. Mother-in-law of Iain and Iain (deceased) Nan of Megan, Molly, Grace and Amy. Sister of Steven, Terry, Harry (deceased), Phillis, Margaret, Marlaine and Kim. Mum, our beautiful, amazing Mum, sadly passed away on Monday 1st July. Mum was one in a million and will be sadly missed and forever in our hearts. There are no words to express our sadness. Love you to the moon and back forever. Daughters Donna, Amanda, Son-in-law Iain and Mark. To Nan, our hearts are breaking because you are no longer here, but you will always be in our hearts and looking over us forever. You are one amazing Nan and we are so glad you were ours. Love you to the moon and back forever and always. Granddaughters Megan, Molly, Grace, Amy xxxxxxxx Fur babies Lolo, Ruby and Arlo xxx Bailey is waiting at Heavens gate. Funeral service will be held at Efford Crematorium on Wednesday 17th July at 1.15pm. Immediate family flowers only, donations if desired for Plymouth Hospitals General Charity (Honeyford Ward) or Children with Cancer UK may be left online at wcpltd.com All enquiries to Walter C. Parson, Crownhill, PL6 5DY Tel: 01752 767676.
It is with heavy heart that we announce to the world that Frank passed away suddenly at home, surrounded by his family, on Monday 10th June 2024 aged 92 years. Devoted to Brenda (deceased) Dearly loved father to Frances and Karen. Father-in-law to Stephen and John. Treasured grandfather to all his grandchildren. The funeral service will take place at Efford Crematorium on Wednesday 17th July 2024 at 10:00 Family flowers only please, donations, if desired, will benefit Hearstwell at Derriford and can be made by retiring collection. All enquiries to Co-op Funeralcare 72 Pomphlett Road Plymstock 01752 482900.
 Passed away surrounded by family at Derriford Hospital, aged 83 years. Dearly loved mother to Tracy, Treasured grandmother to Noah and Aimee. Also a beloved sister, aunt and friend. Funeral service to take place at Weston Mill Crematorium on 18/07/2024 at 14.45. Family flowers only please. Donations, if so desired will be gratefully received for the RNIB. Coop Funeral Care 152 Albert Road Devonport Plymouth PL2 1AQ.
Passed away peacefully on 24th June 2024 aged 87 years. Formerly of Plymouth City Police. Very precious Husband of Valerie. Devoted Dad of Keith, Ian and Brian, Father-in-law of Helen and Catherine. Proud Grandad of his much loved Grandchildren Alice, Lucy, Eleanor, Christopher and Charlie. Our love for you will never die. Funeral service will be held at Ford Park Cemetery Chapel on Friday 26th July at 1.00pm. Family flowers only please. All enquiries to Walter C. Parson Crownhill, PL6 5DY Tel: 01752 767676.
30/11/42 - 13/6/24 Died peacefully at Astor Hall following illness. Reunited with Rosemary (deceased). Loving father to Kirsty and father in law to Gary. A celebration of his life will be held at St Marks Church Ford on Thursday 25 July at 10.30 am. No flowers, please wear bright colours. There will be a retiring collection for Astor Hall residents fund.
Of Plympton. On 27th June 2024 at home with his family by his side, Alan slipped away peacefully in his sleep. Dear husband of Jean, much loved father to Gary and Martin and grandfather to David and Chloe. He was very much loved and will be sadly missed by all who knew him. There will be a private cremation but donations in memory of Alan can be sent direct to St. Luke's Hospice, Plymouth All enquiries to Walter C. Parson, Ivybridge, PL21 0DB. Tel: 01752 690909.
 Aged 53 years Passed away at home on July 4th Much loved son of Philip and Audrey Dear brother of Denver Now at peace with our Lord Funeral Thursday July 25th service at Saltash Wesley Methodist Church at 11:30am thence Weston Mill crematorium Family flowers only please, donations for the works of either St. Luke's Hospice or Marie Curie may be left as a retiring collection or made on-line at www.westcountryfuneralservice.co.uk All enquiries to Westcountry Funeral Service, Saltash. Tel: 01752 844437 Saltash.
Our hearts have been left broken Nan since the day you suddenly left us, I had no time for that kiss goodbye or to see you smile as it really was not expected. The memories we will treasure dearly are in my tears that keep flowing, my tears will always flow when I think of you. You are in my and all of our thoughts every single day and that's how it will always be my dear Nan Val, oh how I loved you so much and I was your little treasure. We made it to the 5 Generation circle of heartbeats Nan we are blessed with that. For you maybe up in heaven now and hopefully reunited with Shana your 2nd born granddaughter and your parents and our other missed family members but you Nan will always be with us forever and keeping us safe. 
If only I could just one more time have the chance to see your smiling face, kiss your cheek hold your warm hand and receive one more text full of emojis just like it was before if only. You really were to me amazing, you were my special nanny who was very caring, protective, gentle and very very loving devoted nanny to me your eldest first born Granddaughter Kelly, my husband Richard, a loving Great Nan to my daughter India and partner Declan, also my step children Charlie & Sophie and you had 3 fantastic years with my granddaughter your 1st Great Great Granddaughter Paisley May, I especially will but we all will miss you forever and always my darling nanny Val, sleep tight until we meet again, I will always lay up your Christmas Day seat at my table. LOTS of Love from your broken hearted Granddaughter Kelly, Richard and family XXXXX 
My Nan Val passed away very suddenly unexpectedly Tuesday 4th June aged 87. Her funeral is on Thursday 11th July at 2:45pm at Weston Mill Crematorium then after a Wake will be held at The New Continental Hotel All that knew Valerie all her friends and their families are all welcome to come along and remember my Nan. She loved blues and pastel colours if you wanted to wear brighter clothes. Family flowers only any Donations to Air Ambulance.
Passed gently on Tuesday 25th June 2024 holding the hands of her beloved sons, aged 86 years. Loving mother to Anthony and Jonathan. Adored partner, sister, aunt, nanny, mother-in-law, cousin, friend and neighbour. Do not stand at my grave and weep, I am not there, I do not sleep, I am the thousand winds that blow, I am the diamond glints on snow, I am the sunlight on ripened grain, I am the gentle autumnal rain, When you waken in the morning hush, I am the soft uplifting rush, Of quiet birds in circled flights, I am the soft stars that shine at night. Do not stand at my grave and cry, I am not there I did not die. Special thanks to the staff in The Longbrook Residential Home for their wonderful care. Funeral service will be held at St Mary's Church, Plympton on Friday 19th July at 10.30am. All flowers welcome or donations if desired for Dame Hannah Rogers Trust may be left online at wcpltd.com All enquiries to Walter C. Parson Plympton, PL7 1QW. Tel: 01752 343848.
Dearest wife, loving mother, grandma, sister, aunt and dearly loved friend, passed away peacefully on Friday 28th June at home. Service of thanksgiving at St. John's Church, Hooe (PL9 9SE) on Wednesday 17th July at 12:30 pm. All welcome. Family flowers only. Bright dress please. Donations to Parkinson's UK via retiring collection or via the funeral directors. All enquiries to Plymouth and District Funeral Services. 01752 407100.
In loving memory of Sylvia Perry, devoted mum to David, gran to Neil and Melissa, great-gran to James, Emily and Tommy. Mum-in-law to Debbie, gran-in-law to Mandy and Pete. It's been the hardest thing to say goodbye but you will live forever in our hearts. Lovingly remembered by all family & friends whose lives you touched and who you welcomed into your life, too many to mention. We draw strength from knowing you are together again with Fred. Funeral service to be held at St Marks Church, PL2 1EN at 10am on Friday 19th July followed by a cremation service at Weston Mill Crematorium at 10:45. Family and friends are welcome. Family flowers only please. Donations if desired will benefit the work of CLIC Sargent. All enquiries to Co-op Funeralcare 12-14 Morshead Road Crownhill Plymouth PL6 5AJ 01752 303830.
Sadly passed away at home on the 16th June 2024, at the age of 86 years. Dearly beloved husband of Maureen for 61 years, who will be loved and missed forever. Loving Dad to Julie and Joanne and cherished Grandad to Antony, Sam, Georgia and Luca. Funeral to be held at St Stephens Church, Saltash, on the 24th July at 12.30pm, all friends welcome at the church. Followed by a private cremation at Weston Mill. Any enquiries to Co-op Funeralcare, Saltash 01752 303165.
Passed away peacefully after a short illness on the 26th June 2024 Father to Steven, Angela (deceased), Mark, Lorraine (deceased), Kevin and families. Samuel's Funeral is to be held at Efford Crematorium on Wednesday 17th July at 12.15pm. Family flowers only please, donations if desired made payable to SHINE may be left online at wcpltd.com All enquiries to Walter C. Parson St Judes, PL4 8PJ Tel: 01752 665438.
Passed away peacefully after a short illness on 28th June 2024 at Derriford Hospital aged 92 years. Formerly of Plymouth. All flowers and enquiries please to Walter C. Parson St Judes, PL4 8PJ Tel: 01752 665438.
Passed away peacefully on 24th June at Meadowside Care Home, Plymouth Age 77 years. Devoted wife of Dave. Much Loved Mum of Donna, Sarah and Jamie and Mum-in-law of Darren, Paul and Carolyn. Treasured Nanny of Sam, Lilly, Esme, Isla and Elizabeth and proud great-grandmother to Dakota. Funeral to take place at Weston Mill Crematorium, Plymouth on Thursday 25th July at 2pm. Please join the family afterwards to celebrate the life of Chris at Pennycross Social Club, Ham Drive, Plymouth, PL2 3NG. Family flowers only please. Donations if desired will be gratefully received for Parkinson's UK by retiring collection or follow the link below. https://christineswindell.muchloved.com/ Forever In Our Hearts. All enquiries please contact Co-op Funeralcare Crownhill 12-14 Morshead Road Crownhill Plymouth PL6 5AJ.
Passed away peacefully on 30th June 2024 aged 91 years. Now reunited with her beloved husband Wally. Much loved Mum of Jackie and Anita, Mother in Law to Mick and Mike. Nan to Alan, Steven, Kelly, Leanne and Suzanne and affectionately known as Nan -T by all her great grandchildren and many more. Rest in Peace Mum, Your life was a blessing, Your memory a treasure, You are loved beyond words, and already missed beyond measure. Funeral service to be held at Weston Mill Crematorium on the 22nd July at 14:45pm. Donations can be made via retiring collection for Cancer Research UK.
Kenneth passed away peacefully on the 21st July at Derriford Hospital. Husband to Gwendoline, Father to Tracey, Allison and Son In law Mark, and wonderful Grandad to Lewis, Torin, Mailli, Tansy. Forever in our thoughts, always in our hearts. Family flowers only, donations if desired can be made to Barnardo's or Marie Curie. The funeral service will take place at Torbay Crematorium on Monday 15th July at 12:30pm. All enquiries to Co-op Funeralcare Ivybridge (01752) 690890.
Passed away on 30th June 2024. Rest in peace. Sister Susan and Nephew Daren xxx
My little brother at peace now after a short but painful fight. Reunited with your beloved Mo. Always in my heart and thoughts. Love from Derek and Family xxx
Passed away 30th June 2024 at Derriford Hospital age 78 years. Devoted husband to Maureen (Deceased). Dearly loved father to Mark, Karen and Dean and father-in-law to Stuart, Heidi and Sue. Treasured grandfather to Jess, Jake, Aleysha, Evie, Jaden, Jude, Cydney, Amelia, James and Alex. Great grandfather to Daisy, Ivy, Coby, Lyla and Rhiannon. Also a dear brother, brother-in-law, uncle and friend. Funeral to take place at Emmanuel Church on Monday 15th July at 10am. Followed by burial at Drake Memorial Park. Will be forever missed but now reunited with our beloved mum at the waterfall. Please wear formal wear with a hint of colour. Please send all floral tributes to Co-op Funeralcare, Crownhill. Donations in aid of St Luke's Hospice would be warmly received and can be made by retiring collection. Co-op Funeralcare Crownhill 12-14 Morshead Road Crownhill Plymouth PL6 5AJ.
7 years ago you went to join Mum. Thank you for the many, happy memories of the loving father you were. Love and miss you forever. Val.
17 years already. Still thinking of you and the exceptional, loving mother you were. In God's care. Love and miss you always, Val.
Time will never ease my sorrow or mend my broken heart, the day I lost you my world just fell apart. Miss you so much. Love Mum and Family xx
Remembering with love my wonderful son Stephen who passed away five years ago today. Life without you has never been the same. With love from your mother and late father. xx
1944-2005 Not a day goes by when we don't think of you. We treasure the love that we all knew, and you are beside us in everything we do. Love you always Ken, Mark and Michelle, George, Alex, Kieran and Alice x x x x x x x
To add your own tributes to the loved ones from our area, or to publish a notice for your loved one, visit funeral-notices.co.uk.