Because the Patriots are amidst a transitional period, starting with a new regime led by Jerod Mayo, the roster is also a work in progress. There isn't much optimism that the team's offense will do much of anything this upcoming season, but there is one player who most can assume will be doing all he can to move the chains and put points on the board.
Rhamondre Stevenson.
Since joining the team three years ago, the running back has earned his way to the top of the depth chart and continues to be the most consistent performer on the offense. Fortunately, he hasn't suffered too many injuries during that time, especially ones that kept him off the field, which has ultimately benefitted the team in the long run.
We saw the impact his absence had at the end of last season after he suffered an injury that kept him out for the last five weeks. But what injuries has he dealt with before that, and are there any concerns about his health while coming into training camp?
Since the Patriots selected Stevenson in the fourth round of the 2021 draft, he has become an integral part of their offense's success and is projected to continue on that path with a new contract in hand this fall.
He was brought in to be the dominating force on the ground, a big-bodied running back that Bill Belichick had grown to love throughout his Patriots tenure. After a rocky rookie season, which saw him benched for fumbling the football, Stevenson eventually pushed Damien Harris down the depth chart to become the go-to guy in the backfield.
Before that became official, Stevenson dealt with a few injuries during his first season in the NFL, fortunately, none of which kept him off the field for too long.
The first was a dislocated thumb in practice just days before the season opener in 2021, which didn't prevent him from starting against the Dolphins in Week 1. Two months later, Stevenson left the Week 9 game against the Panthers due to suffering a head injury. But again, he suited up for the following game.
Later that month, it was reported that the running back had been diagnosed with a Grade 1 knee sprain before the Patriots' Week 12 game. He didn't miss any time, and the injury wasn't a concern until a year later when he was ruled out of the Patriots Week 14 game in the second half with a knee sprain. 
The injury only forced the running back to miss the remainder of that matchup against the Cardinals, as he returned to the lineup the following week.
Amidst a disastrous season, Stevenson suffered what would be a season-ending injury during the Patriots Week 13 game against the Chargers. He had reportedly suffered a high ankle sprain in his right foot, which kept him sidelined for the rest of the year.
He appears to have fully recovered in the several months since, as he was present for OTAs and mini camp earlier this year and is expected to be a full participant at training camp this week. 
Stevenson has clearly made good progress, and the new regime in New England believes in what he brings to the table, rewarding him with a 4-year, $36 million extension just last month. He is expected to remain the leading running back on the roster, with Antonio Gibson easily becoming his number two for Jacoby Brissett and Drake Maye.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.