STANFORD, CALIFORNIA - SEPTEMBER 30: Bo Nix #10 of the Oregon Ducks looks on from the sidelines against the Stanford Cardinal during the first quarter of an NCAA football game at Stanford Stadium on September 30, 2023 in Stanford, California. (Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)Getty Images
Could Bo Nix be the next Drew Brees? ESPN draft analyst Mel Kiper seems to think Nix possesses the potential.
Kiper released his latest mock draft Tuesday morning and he projects the former Oregon Ducks’ star quarterback going to the Denver Broncos with the No. 12 overall pick.
Here’s what Kiper had to say about Nix going to the Broncos.
“The Broncos have been quiet in free agency. Are they really comfortable going into the season with Jarrett Stidham as their starting quarterback? They’re running out of options, unless they can find a way to move up in the draft … or if they liked someone from the second tier of passers. Nix, Michael Penix Jr. (Washington) and Spencer Rattler (South Carolina) are likely to be off the board by the time Denver picks again, which is No. 76 overall, as it doesn’t own a second-round pick. So could Sean Payton & Co. instead take one here or trade down a few picks in Round 1?
“That’s the way I’m leaning right now. Nix isn’t going to be for every team, but Payton might see a little Drew Brees in him. He’s a super-fast processor who can make every throw and was one of the most productive passers in college football the past two seasons. He had 74 touchdown passes and just 10 interceptions after transferring from Oregon. The Ducks’ offense relied on quick strikes, though, and he wasn’t often asked to push the ball downfield. He averaged just 6.3 air yards per attempt last season, which ranked 120th out of 125 FBS qualifiers. Taking Nix in Round 1 would be a way for the Broncos to try to snag a franchise quarterback, and if they moved down a few spots, they could regain some valuable capital. But again, they have to really believe in his potential to do it.”
Nix threw for 4,508 passing yards, 45 touchdowns and three interceptions while completing 77.4% of his passes in 2023. He established all-time program records for single-season passing yards and touchdowns and an NCAA record for completion percentage at 77.4 percent.
Kiper projects Nix as one of five quarterbacks selected in the first round.
Kiper has USC’s Caleb Williams going to the Chicago Bears with the No. 1 overall pick. Washington will select LSU’s Jayden Daniels at No. 2 and New England will select North Carolina’s Drake Maye with the No. 3 pick. Kiper projects Michigan’s J.J. McCarthy to the Minnesota Vikings at No. 11 and the Broncos selecting Nix at No. 12.
The Broncos certainly need a quarterback, they released Russell Wilson last week and its highly unlikely they want to enter training camp with Stidham as their top quarterback. Stidham, entering his second season with the Broncos and fifth season overall, didn’t do anything during his two starts at the end of the 2023 season to give the Broncos reason to feel comfortable.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices