Filed under:
Up against one of the best teams in the country, Nebraska fell short in a few matches against border rival Iowa
Nebraska had the best chance in a long time to beat the Hawkeyes but couldn’t get it done, dropping a number of close matches in a 22-10 dual loss Friday night at the Devaney Center.
Final. pic.twitter.com/hoY41bZr3C
The 2nd-ranked Huskers won just three matches to Iowa’s seven with six Hawkeye wins being decisions while the Huskers collected bonus points at 184 pounds. 
I don’t know if Nebraska is in a tough training cycle right now, but it hasn’t looked great since coming off the holiday break, nearly dropping a dual to #12 UNI last week before falling to Iowa. Nebraska is now 5-1 in duals while Iowa improves to 6-0.
Starting the dual with a Top-10 matchup between Nebraska’s #5 Caleb Smith and #9 Drake Ayala, the Hawkeyes struck first.
Ayala took Smith down twice in the first period to go up 6-2. Smith scored a second-period escape and Ayala got one in the third. Smith was unable to get to his offense in the 7-3 decision loss.
Smith drops to 14-3 on the year with the loss.
In the highlight of the dual for the Huskers, redshirt freshman Jacob Van Dee really broke through with a win over Iowa’s #9 Brody Teske. 
Ranked #32, Van Dee was able to score a takedown in all three periods on the way to a 10-4 decision win and a signature victory. 
Huskers have the first upset win of the night going to @jakevandee.   pic.twitter.com/lntH8mfOgs
With the win, Van Dee is now 12-5 on the year and primed for a significant move up in the rankings. 
With the dual tied, Nebraska’s #8 Brock Hardy took on #1 Real Woods for the fourth time in his career.
Proving to again be too much for Hardy, Woods took the Husker sophomore down twice while just giving up an escape and a late point for stalling. Hardy showed some solid defense at times but was unable to get anything going offensively, dropping the 8-2 decision.
With the loss, Hardy is now 10-5 on the year.
Nebraska’s #1 Ridge Lovett took the mat next against Iowa’s #14 Caleb Rathjen. 
Lovett scored a third-period takedown and scored a couple times on stalling calls on Rathjen. Being primarily a counter-shooter, Lovett was limited offensively as Rathjen rarely engaged, hence the three stalling calls. He did shoot once on Lovett, who quickly turned the shot into his own takedown.
We Lovett.Ridge takes care of business with a 6-0 decision over No. 12 Rathjen. pic.twitter.com/KdLaXhhVB8
I would have liked seeing Lovett press more for bonus points with the dual in question, but a win is a win. Lovett improves to 15-0 on the year. 
In the premier matchup of the dual, Nebraska’s #3 Peyton Robb took on Iowa’s #2 Jared Franek. 
Robb looked solid early during a scoreless first period, controlling the action and catching Franek’s shots. In the second, Franek struck first with a quick escape before Robb shot a low single for a takedown. Franek then got an escape, cutting Robb’s lead to 4-2.
157 | Robb up 3-2 with 2:00 to go. pic.twitter.com/rHS7sy6xCr
In the third, Franek turned up his offense, eventually collecting a takedown with 38 seconds remaining. Robb was unable to score an escape to send the match to overtime, falling via 5-4 decision. 
With the loss, Robb is now 14-2 on the year and riding a two-match losing skid.
Facing a tough test against Iowa’s #7 Michael Caliendo, Nebraska’s #16 Antrell Taylor struggled with the Hawkeye’s size and speed.
Taylor gave up takedowns in the first and second period before fending off a push for a major decision, eventually dropping the match 8-3.
With the loss, Taylor is now 11-3 on the year. 
Nebraska’s #19 Bubba Wilson took on Iowa’s Patrick Kennedy Friday night in a pivotal match in deciding the dual.
Wilson was able to start the match with a takedown to go up 3-0 but gave up two takedowns to the Hawkeye, eventually losing a 9-5 decision.
With the loss, Wilson drops to 10-5 on the year.
Needing a spark after three losses in a row, Nebraska’s #3 Lenny Pinto delivered against Iowa’s Aiden Riggins. 
After a scoreless first period, Pinto scored two takedowns in the second. Adding a trio of third-period takedowns, including one at the last second (see below), Pinto put it on Riggins in a quest for bonus points. Pinto ended up the match with five takedowns, an escape and a riding-time point for a 17-5 major decision.
DOMINANT.184 | @Goodlen7 picks up the 17-5 major    10  15 pic.twitter.com/NX0q1yrcOA
With the win, Pinto improves to 12-2 on the year.
With the dual in the balance, Nebraska needed a win by #13 Silas Allred against Iowa’s #25 Zach Glazier.
Allred gave up a first-period takedown before scoring two escapes. Glazier then got a late takedown in the second period to go up 6-2. Allred scored an escape to start the third, but Glazier got another takedown late in the match, handing Allred an 11-2 major decision loss.
With the loss, Allred is now 13-4 on the year.
With the dual already decided, Nebraska’s Nash Hutmacher took the mat against Iowa’s Bradley Hill.
A redshirt freshman giving up size to Hutmacher, Hill was able to evade and neutralize Hutmacher’s size in the first period. In the second, Hutmacher started on bottom and got an escape before giving up an escape to Hill to start the third, tying the match 1-1.
With the match looking to go to overtime, Hill got a takedown with 15 seconds left, icing the match and delivering Hutmacher his first collegiate loss via 4-1 decision.
Bradley the Bear beats the Polar Bear!Bradley Hill with a last minute takedown of Nash Hutmacher, giving him his first loss in at least 7 years!Bradley gives a rifle shot in celebration! pic.twitter.com/6KTuLD1aqN
With the loss, Hutmacher is 1-1 on the year.
Don’t rule out the Polar Bear, I expect him to improve this year as he gets more action. He’ll not only shake off the rust but also get more time to get into wrestling shape.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.