Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Keeley Hawes and her husband Matthew MacFadyen celebrated their 20th wedding anniversary on Tuesday, 29 October, sharing a series of adorable black and white photos on Instagram. The 48 year old actress and the 50 year old Succession star looked as smitten as ever in the snaps. Keeley was seen looking elegant in an embellished shift dress while sitting next to Matthew, who looked dapper in a charcoal suit and white shirt. The actress simply captioned the post '20' with a love heart emoji, prompting fans to flood the comments with congratulations. 
The couple recently opened up about their excitement for their 'third act' as a couple when their children leave home. They are proud parents to daughter Maggie, 19, and son Ralph, 17, while Matthew is also step-dad to Keeley's son Myles, 24, from her previous marriage. 
Matthew shared his anticipation for spending more quality time with Keeley and going on numerous mini-breaks once they have more time to themselves. He told CBS: "It's like a third act. It's exciting. We're like, 'OK, mini-breaks!' In the trenches when they're little, it's like, 'This is it for ever', but of course it's not."
"Then you realise, luckily, ours are really lovely, funny humans who are making you laugh and telling you off."
The actor also admitted that this is the first time his children have shown interest in his work, saying: "We don't always watch each other's stuff and our ­children certainly don't watch our things."
Matthew and Keeley, who have been happily married since 2004, are known for having one of the most solid relationships in Hollywood. Despite their busy schedules, they always make time for each other.
However, Matthew has previously admitted that their love story didn't start off smoothly, describing the moment he fell for Keeley as 'awful'. At the time, Keeley was newly wed to her first husband, Spencer McCallum, a cartoonist, and had just given birth to their son Myles. Matthew is now a proud step-father to Myles.
The actor also shared how his children showed little interest in his work until he landed a role in Deadpool. "They suddenly perked up when they heard I was doing that. They finally showed a modicum of interest. My daughter was like, 'Will you meet Blake?'" he revealed.
Matthew, who starred in HBO series Succession, found fame when he portrayed Mr Darcy in 2005 film Pride and Prejudice, starring alongside actress Keira Knightley. Keeley rose to fame later on, when she landed the role of DI Alex Drake in Ashes to Ashes in 2008.