AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW/WAGT) - Today kicks off Nurses Week, and it’s a time to recognize the contributions nurses make in our community.
Kassandra Larochelle’s journey to becoming a nurse started at a young age. She spent a lot of time in the hospital with her cousin, who had leukemia.
“I just always wanted to work with kids and I just always wanted to offer support and be a sense of comfort like those nurses were for us,” Larochelle said.
She became a nurse alongside her cousin who beat cancer, working every day to be a light in someone’s life, even on the hard days.
It’s graduation season, and some graduating seniors from across Richmond County were at Copeland Elementary School for the third annual Senior Walk event.
“Even in the hardest times when you just feel like breaking down and the world isn’t fair, you have to remember that they are the incredible ones and you just have to help them,” said Larochelle.
She works on what’s called a specialty floor at Children’s Hospital of Georgia, where the young patients have a variety of needs.
As for Kaitlin King, she works in the neonatal intensive care unit, where a lot of babies born prematurely go.
“Every day is not going to be a good day, but the good days are when we see patients meet milestones,” King said. “One of biggest milestones is when they get to go home.”
She said she knew she wanted to work with kids when she became a nurse, and she loves working at the Children’s Hospital.
“We just provide the highest quality of care,” said King. “We have a great team here. We all work together and form great relationships here, and it’s just amazing to see what we can do to bring these patients through.”
Drake is a young man with a lot of interests, from music to Marvel characters to animals – a boy with a world of dreams and passions waiting to unfold.


You’ll find Theresa Ehntholt inside the pediatric ICU.
It’s a place where kids experiencing things such as trauma, respiratory illnesses, diabetes, or even accidents come.
She said she’s always loved kids.
“I am motivated to help people no matter what the outcomes are and try to support them through that,” she said.
She has spent her entire career at Children’s Hospital.
“I’m really proud of the people who work here and the work we do,” she said. “I know the difference we have made in kids’ lives, so obviously if I stayed here this long, it means a lot to me.”
Copyright 2024 WRDW/WAGT. All rights reserved.