Photo: Getty Images
Big Sean got emotional during a deep conversation about everything he went through to reach this point in his outstanding career. On Friday, August 2, The Breakfast Club's Charlamagne Tha God released the latest episode of his new series "Out of Context" featuring the Detroit native. There were several highlights during their discussion but, at one point, Sean got teary-eyed when he spoke about a depressing time in his life when he thought about quitting the rap game. When he went to apply for community college, his mother Myra Anderson encouraged him not to throw away his dream. He called her and his late grandmother Mildred his "guardian angels." 
Elsewhere in the interview, Sean also cleared a few misconceptions about his stance on Kendrick Lamar. Charlamagne asked Sean about an alternate version of Lamar's "ELEMENT" that had a shot aimed at him. The "Precision" rapper explained people already thought he dissed Lamar on his 2016 "No More Interviews" in a line about rappers who rap fast. Sean clarified that he wasn't talking about K.Dot, but he also wasn't ducking any type of smoke either. "When I heard that there might be some remnants of something, I did have something prepared I'm not going to lie," Sean said. "So I get to the point like 'Damn do we have something going on?' That's why I had something prepared, right? And then when I ran into Dave Free, he was like 'Nah bruh it ain't nothing like it's all love. He said 'That's not something directly towards you. It was for anyone.'""Then that leaked verse happened," he continued. "And it said what you said. I'm like 'Damn y'all muhf**kas said it wasn't s**t and it was something so you got me looking crazy... but the thing is that song came out and he changed that bar so it wasn't on the song anymore. So I had to keep that in mind because I was pissed when I heard it.""Then me and [Kendrick] talk and I got the text on my phone," he revealed. "He apologized in a sense for going that far... So if Kendrick apologized for that same leak that I heard prematurely that he didn't use, and then it leaks fully, right, so people hear it and we already discussed it. And he said 'I appreciate the shout-out on the Nipsey song.' I already addressed it on the song ["Deep Reverence"] with Nip. 'Lack of communication/the wrong information for people fueled by the egos/It's like mixing flames with diesel.'... That's why I said it in the song because in that text he said 'Yo, you know my ego..." Despite everything he and Kendrick have been through from that miscommunication to the recent discussion about the Big 3, Sean emphasized that he and Lamar are still cool. He admitted Lamar's beef with Drake overshadowed his comeback, but he also asserted he would've been ready if either of them hurled any shots his way. Watch the entire interview and listen to Big Sean's new single "On Up" before his new album Better Me Than You drops on August 9.