The Minnesota Vikings possess nine picks heading into the 2024 NFL Draft, mostly weighted on the back end in later rounds. 
Minnesota needs a quarterback after Kirk Cousins skedaddled in March, and most expect Adofo-Mensah to trade up in the draft for a Top 4 prospect. 
So, here’s the best stab at a predictive mock draft for the 2024 Vikings. One trade was made with the New England Patriots. 
Trade: The Vikings send the 11th pick, 23rd pick, a 2025 1st-Rounder, and a 2026 2nd-Rounder to the Patriots for the 3rd overall pick and a 2024 3rd-Rounder (68th overall).
Pick Number = 3rdCollege = North Carolina
It was agony deciding between Drake Maye and J.J. McCarthy on this one from a predictive standpoint. 
But due to the Josh McCown angle — he’s the Vikings new quarterback coach who just so happened to mentor Maye in high school — plus Kwesi Adofo-Mensah’s knack for progressive thinking, Maye is the prediction, with 50.1% confidence to McCarthy at 49.9%
This is it. The Vikings make their big splash during life after Cousins, trading up the draftboard for Maye.
Pick Number = 108College = LSU
Minnesota spent a Top 30 visit on this man, a reasonable indicator it could select him in one week. Plus, the Vikings need a defensive tackle once and for all after failing to sign a big-name free agent at the position last month. 
Insert Maason Smith. 
PurplePTSD‘s Josh Frey wrote about Smith this week, ‘Smith has all the physical tools as an NFL prospect. He is a massive player at 6’5″ and 301 pounds with 35-inch arms, allowing him to use his length and strong hands to create leverage in the trenches.” 
Pick Number = 129thCollege = Louisville
Unless the purple team loves Brandon Powell, Jalen Nailor, or Trent Sherfield at WR3, the Vikings need a rookie candidate in the pipeline. That can be Thrash.
VikingTerritory’s Janik Eckardt described Thrash this week: “Compared to some of the previously mentioned players, Jamari Thrash can play inside and outside. He ran a 4.46 40-yard dash and can win over the top as a deep threat. After four years at Georgia State, with an excellent fourth season (1,122 yards and seven TDs), Thrash transferred to Louisville, where he confirmed that he isn’t a product of subpar competition and can play at the Power-5 level. In his lone campaign in the ACC, he caught 63 passes for 858 yards and six scores.”
Pick Number = 157thCollege = Michigan
Until a month ago, most Vikings fans considered Blake Brandel a reservist commodity, but after signing a three-year, $9.5 million contract, he could be on deck as Dalton Risner’s replacement and on his way to a starter’s job.
Yet, Zinter’s upside could mesh long-term for Minnesota, especially if Brandel doesn’t pan out as a trustworthy starter. In fact, an injury last year has driven him down this far in the draft. 
Pick Number = 167thCollege = Louisville
Aaron Jones loosened the Vikings’ urgency for a running back fix, but he’s only scheduled to be in town for a year. He’ll also turn 30 in December. So, let’s go Guerendo here for long-term RB depth.
The aforementioned Eckardt recently wrote about Guerendo, “At 6’0″ and 221 lbs, Isaac Guerendo possesses a prototypical running back frame. His combine performance, which included a 40-yard dash of 4.33 seconds and a 41.5-inch vertical jump, opened some eyes. Because of his physical tools, pass-catching skills, and ability to explode in zone schemes, he would be a wonderful addition to the overhauled running back room.”
Pick Number = 177thCollege = TCU
These are the Vikings’ cornerbacks heading into the draft: 
CB1: Byron MurphyCB2: Akayleb EvansCB3: Mekhi BlackmonCB4: Shaquill GriffinCB5: Andrew BoothCB6: NaJee ThompsonCB7: Jaylin WilliamsCB8: Joejuan WilliamsCB9: A.J. Green III
A former wide receiver, Newton must refine his man coverage at the NFL level, but he’s a decent stash-and-develop option in this year’s draft. Too, Adofo-Mensah has shown during his purple tenure that he’s intrigued by TCU alumni. 
Pick Number = 230thCollege = North Carolina State
A dartboard toss this late in the draft, Minnesota explores McMahon here for depth after Austin Schlottmann signed with the New York Giants. 
Pick Number = 232ndCollege = North Dakota State
This somewhat local pick adds up because Minnesota has only three left tackles on the roster: Christian Darrisaw, Brian O’Neill, and David Quessenberry. Out of sheer necessity for depth, Adofo-Mensah will find a tackle or two from the draft or undrafted free agency. 
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. He hosts a podcast with Bryant McKinnie, which airs every Wednesday with Raun Sawh and Sal Spice. His Vikings obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream,”The Sopranos” Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band).
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.