search
Celebrity-favorite supper club is opening its doors in Chelsea, with 10K sf
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
For New York City’s retail leasing market, good things seem to come in twos: Four of the top seven deals last month happened in just two buildings. 
They were, of course, still eclipsed by the top spot, which came in so high that the other six slots combined don’t even come close to matching its footprint. Read on to find out which tenant can command such a big chunk of NYC retail space.
The private automotive club signed a new lease in the Hell’s Kitchen building, a former car dealership. Peter Gross of Avison Young represented the tenant, while a team from Ripco Real Estate represented the landlord, Bram Auto Group.
The hotspot restaurant concept is opening its doors in Manhattan, having just inked a new lease in Chelsea. The “unofficial sanctuary for the rich”, as Vanity Fair dubbed it, has been known to draw in a celebrity crowd, including Drake and Kendall Jenner, at its other locations in Los Angeles, Miami and Las Vegas. Jason Greenstone of Cushman & Wakefield represented the tenant, while Christopher DeCrosta of GoodSpace NYC represented the landlord, Tavros.
The dog daycare center inked a new lease in the Clinton Hill building. A team from JLL represented the landlord, Hope Street Capital.
The fitness brand signed a new lease in the Williamsburg building. Neal Ohm and Michael Cohen of Newmark represented the tenant, while Nate Mallon and Brendan Thrapp of Verada Retail represented the landlord, Northlink Capital.
The Chinese trinket shop signed a new lease in the Financial District building. Joanne Podell and Michael Shalom of Cushman & Wakefield represented the tenant, while Joseph Hamway and Jacob Jerome of JEMB Realty represented the landlord in house.
In the second appearance of this building on this list, the fast food chain signed a new lease in Clinton Hill. David Alani and Michael Friedman of Inline Realty represented the tenant, while a team from JLL represented the landlord, Hope Street Capital.
A sauna therapist inked a new lease in the same Williamsburg building that Barry’s Bootcamp signed for space in. Nate Mallon and Brendan Thrapp of Verada Retail represented the landlord, Northlink Capital.
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.