The four bolts were taken off the plane by Boeing to assist in fixing a separate issue, and then someone forgot to put the bolts back before putting the plane back into service.
Are you going to blame the mushrooms on Boeing too?
Read more at TMZ
“Anheuser-Busch is a Great American Brand that perhaps deserves a Second Chance?” Trump wrote. “What do you think? Perhaps, instead, we should be going after those companies that are looking to DESTROY AMERICA!”
Looks like he’s feeling the Shane Gillis heat.
Read more at Newsweek
Three people have already been killed from storm related conditions, after record setting rains fell and continued to fall on Tuesday in Southern California.
Where was this rain when the hills were on fire?
Read more at MSN
Jennifer Crumbley has been found guilty of four counts of involuntary manslaughter connected with her sons Michigan shooting rampage that left four students dead. Prosecutors alleged she didn’t take adequate steps to care for her son and prevent the shooting.
Looks like the tree is never far from the fallen apple. 
Read more at mediate
As many suspected, the reason Tucker Carlson was spotted in Moscow, was because he had set up an interview with Vladimir Putin. In the Twitter announcement, he said, “Most Americans have no idea why Putin invaded Ukraine or what his goals are now, you’ve never heard his voice. That’s wrong. Americans have a right to know all they can about a war they’re implicated in and we have the right to tell them about it.”
Prepare to see some softball home runs. 
Read more THR
A federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., ruled that Donald Trump does not have immunity from prosecution in his election case as a result of having been president at the time of the alleged crimes.
Don’t worry his friends at the Supreme Court are ready for him
Read more at CNBC
“I grew up where we never talked about or thought about lines or anything like that in football. The angle that I try to communicate to the audience is how to win this game for this team, or not to lose it in some cases. But once you start going into that world, it strikes me as you’ve got to be great at two things. Now you’re affecting people’s lives with what you’re saying in some way. It just makes it feel less pure and less like the stuff that you grew up on.”
You know that gambling is paying your paycheck.
Read more at awful announcing
A record 67.8 million Americans are expected to bet on the Super Bowl with 23 Billion on the line. And the NFL is going to great lengths to ensure the players aren’t part of that pool.  Marketwatch made a handy flowchart to explain which players can gamble and what they can gamble about.
Never trust a player who wouldn’t bet on his team.
Read more at marketwatch

Joe says he has no desire to be in Vegas for the Super Bowl this year. His prediction? “There’s going to be some story, there’s gonna be something that happens because it’s Vegas and it won’t stay in Vegas. There’s gonna be a big something that happens. I don’t know what it is. I have no idea. That is going to be a mess, in my mind.”
What kind of odds is he giving
Read more at awful announcing
Three giants in sports broadcasting are coming together to form a single streaming entity that will house programming from all three sources.
So much for competition
Read more at Axios
For the second consecutive year, the average cost of a 30-second ad spot during the Super Bowl is a whopping $7 million.
Be right back. gotta take a $20 million piss. 
Read more at nytimes.
In a brief clip from the ad, Jenn acts like she doesn’t know who David is. “Have we met?” she asks. “You still don’t remember, do you?” Schwimmer replies.
They were on a break.
Read more at NY Post
A new book by Mark Kamine, a location scout on the show, details more of the problems on set surrounding Gandolfinis’ personal demons, and alcoholism.  ‘On Locations: Lessons Learned from My Life On Set with The Sopranos and in the Film Industry’ shares stories from his personal experiences on set.
There also wouldn’t have been a show without him.
Read more at dailymail.co.uk.
An alleged leak of Drake tugging on his devil dog has some calling it a hammer, but its more like a very strong slim jim.
What do you call the opposite of a choad? 
Read more at barstool sports.
On the Drew Barrymore show this week, Demi Moore said she still has some of the clay pots from her scenes with Patrick Swayze in Ghost.
Put it on Etsy
Read more at NY Post.
Snoop Dogg and Master P are accusing Walmart of intentionally hiding their Snoop Cereal, leading to low sales.
Where my fruit snoops at?
Read more at tmz
The two performed Chapman’s song Fast Car in a duet on the Grammys and the performance has gotten “bipartisan support.”
Finally our long national nightmare is over. 
Read more mediate.com
EVERYTHING
everything
everything
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.