British actor Adrian Schiller’s “sudden and unexpected” death has been announced by his agent.


  On Wednesday, Schiller – known for playing rich ealdorman Aethelhelm in Netflix historical series The Last Kingdom and steward Cornelius Penge in ITV royal drama Victoria – died at the age of 60.


  Scott Marshall Partners, who represented him for more than three decades, said in a statement: “He has died far too soon, and we, his family and close friends are devastated by the loss.


  “His death was sudden and unexpected and no further details around its cause are yet available.


  “A prodigiously talented actor, he had just returned from Sydney, where he had been appearing in The Lehman Trilogy and was looking forward to continuing the international tour in San Francisco.”


  Schiller was also known for his appearances in BBC Caribbean-set detective series Death In Paradise and historical dramas The Musketeers on the BBC and The Devil’s Whore on Channel 4.


  He was recently seen in January as a criminal, named Drake Underwood, in an episode of BBC detective series Father Brown called The Father, The Son, about a heist gone wrong.


  Also known for his theatre work, Schiller was among the cast in Second World War play The White Factory at Marylebone Theatre last year.


  His agent also said he “enjoyed a varied and successful career across all media”.


  “Our deepest condolences go to his family, who ask for privacy at this most difficult of times,” the statement also said.


  Schiller also appeared in A Touch Of Frost, Raised By Wolves, Residue, The Hollow Crown, Doctor Who, New Tricks, Being Human, Silent Witness, Prime Suspect, Judge John Deed and My Family.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.