ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - APRIL 03: RM of BTS attends the 64th Annual GRAMMY Awards at MGM Grand Garden ... More Arena on April 03, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
BTS singer RM is enjoying another massive week on the Billboard charts. The multi-talented musician’s new solo album Right Place, Wrong Person debuts on several lists, and the songs featured on the set have also become quick wins on a few tallies. The rapper performed best when it came to selling his full-length and his latest round of tunes, and that’s clear based on where he succeeds the most on the weekly rankings.
The BTS star’s showing is most impressive on the Rap Digital Song Sales chart. On that tally, which tracks the bestselling rap tunes in the U.S., RM collects six new hits at once.
The Rap Digital Song Sales chart only features 10 spaces, following a shortening by Billboard months ago as purchases of individual tunes continue to dwindle in America. With half a dozen debuts this time around, RM lays claim to 60% of the entire ranking.
It’s not common for any musician to occupy half of all the spaces on a Billboard chart at one time, though it’s also not unheard of. This kind of performance is reserved only for the biggest names in the music business–those who can ensure a huge streaming or sales debut when they drop a new collection. Not many artists can muster such a response, but RM is among the few who can.
While he does fill six of 10 spaces on the Rap Digital Song Sales chart, RM doesn’t earn another No. 1 this week. The highest rung is still owned by Kendrick Lamar, whose Drake diss tune “Not Like Us” has now ruled for all four frames it’s spent on the tally.
Impressively, all six of RM’s new hits appear back-to-back. His run begins at No. 2 with “Nuts” and ends with the simply-titled “? (Interlude)” at No. 7. Joining the BTS star in his streak are Grammy nominees Domi and JD Beck, who are featured on the final tune.
With six new placements on the Rap Digital Song Sales chart, RM ups his career total to 11 appearances on the list. He more than doubles his wins thanks to his new album, which has proved to be another sales success for the South Korean powerhouse.