Residents were evacuated from a street and the surroundings due to the discovery of a set of artillery shells.


  They were evacuated around Avocet Drive in Broadheath, Altrincham, at around midday today (November 2).


  Nicki Connor said she discovered the set of artillery shells during a clear-out at the home of her dad, Daniel Edward Connor MBE, who died at the age of 78 on October 22.


  Ms Connor told The Messenger he was a "war veteran" and a "weapons expert" during a career in the military.


  Ms Connor said: "My dad's friend [Scott Sawyer] said to me I should see what is in the garden. I thought it might be an animal or something but there were four artillery shells. 


  "As soon as I saw them I called the police so they've come down and and they've cordoned off all the area."


  Ms Connor said: "He was a war veteran and a weapons expert in special ops which is why he has the MBE.


  "They are searching the property as I did suspect there would be something in there but I did not suspect this."


(Image: Family) The Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) and the emergency services were around Avocet Drive all afternoon.


  Mark Shippen, from Drake Road, said it was not common to see such a police presence on the street.


  He said: "It is Altrincham so we never see anything like this. I've lived on Drake Road for 30 years and I've never seen anything like this."


  A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police said there was a controlled explosion on Saturday and another controlled explosion on Sunday.


  The second controlled explosion was as a result of "hazardous material" in one of the four artillery shells according to the spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police.


  They said: "We thank the public for their patience during this work. Anyone with any concerns should speak to a police officer who will be able to assist with any queries."


  This article was written by Jack Tooth. To contact him, email jack.tooth@newsquest.co.uk or follow @JTRTooth on Twitter.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.