“Caregivers of children with disabilities or special needs will find much useful advice in these pages, but all readers will benefit from Drake’s message of love and understanding, and from her encouragements to accept disappointments and recognize even small triumphs.” – Kirkus Reviews
The Seoul International Book Fair is South Korea’s own major publishing event that brings together both local and international authors to share their work. For writers who have been working to get their books shared across bigger audiences, getting an exhibit at the SIBF is sure to add another place on the map for them to showcase their message.

It’s certainly an important goal for Lynda Drake, the author of “The Power of Imperfect Parents: Practical tools to parent your child with disabilities.” It’s a book about raising children with special needs. According to book reviewers, it has become highly recommended for how it compassionately communicates to parents grieving over their child’s diagnosis and helps them mentally prepare for helping that child still live their best life. The book has also been praised for how Drake has used her experience to also share powerful, universal truths about family and caring for society’s most vulnerable.

In Drake’s family, all three of her children have been diagnosed with multiple conditions, such as Down syndrome, dyslexia, ADD, autism, and more. There have been times when her son underwent episodes of severe behavior, which not only taught her much but also gave her the voice of experience in sharing the strategies found in “The Power of Imperfect Parents.”

In addition to that, Drake had also spent 16 years working for Bayaud Enterprises, a non-profit working to find employment for the homeless as well as people with disabilities.

Visitors to the Seoul International Book Fair 2024 can find Lynda Drake’s book on display at the self-publishing and book marketing company ReadersMagnet’s exhibit The book fair will take place on June 26-30, 2024, at the C and D1 Halls of Seoul’s famous Convention and Exhibition Center (COEX) in Gangnam-gu district.

Get a copy of “The Power of Imperfect Parents: Practical tools to parent your child with disabilities” on ReadersMagnet Bookstore, Amazon, and Barnes & Noble.

For updates on Lynda Drake’s future books, visit her website at https://www.lyndadrake.com/.

Author: Lynda Drake
Published date: May 22, 2023
Publisher: ReadersMagnet LLC
Genre: Parenting

Author Bio:

Lynda Drake and her late husband have three children. They are all amazing people who together have labels like Down syndrome, anxiety, mood disorder, dyslexia, ADD, severe allergies, diabetes and autism. She has dealt with a child with severe behaviors, many that required police involvement to get under control. She worked at Bayaud Enterprises for 16 years assisting individuals with disabilities, and those experiencing homelessness, find employment and the tools necessary to create success in their lives. She has learned the value of the challenges we face, accepting what is going on, releasing stress, remembering to laugh and most importantly, love through it all. Her book, “The Power of Imperfect Parents,” is the result of that journey.
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/55089/319581/319581-1.jpg )
WebWireID319581
This news content may be integrated into any legitimate news gathering and publishing effort. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.