Home » Music
We have now entered a new age in rap beef. Late on April 19, Drake released his second direct diss track to Kendrick Lamar within the past week, and this one includes AI verses from Tupac and Snoop Dogg.
In a week filled with fans posting AI diss responses online and calling them leaks on social media, Drake left no room for doubt and posted the track himself on his Instagram and X accounts. Drake notably hasn’t actively used X, formerly known as Twitter, directly outside of business promotions for the greater part of the past decade.
The essence of Drake’s latest diss track is West coast legends telling Lamar he’s failing them by taking so long to respond to the Canadian rap superstar. Drake ends the track with his real voice and once again drives home his point of the track – to get Lamar to respond to him.
Taylor Made Freestyle pic.twitter.com/OrcdsIb8Wf
— Drizzy (@Drake) April 20, 2024
One line social media users dubbed strange however came when the AI voice of Tupac was giving Lamar hypothetical advice on the jabs he could send to Drake, including the fact he likes “young girls.” Drake, 37, has been linked to much younger women like model Bella Harris when she was 18 and he was 31 as well as texting actress Millie Bobby Brown when she was 14 and he was 31. Sources told “ET” Drake wasn’t dating Harris, and Brown said her and Drake were only friends. Drake ended up addressing the Brown comments on his 2023 album For All The Dogs.
“Weirdos in my comments talkin’ ’bout some Millie Bobby,” Drake rapped on “Another Late Night.” “Look, bring them jokes up to the gang, we get to really flockin’.”
Drake and Lamar have had tension for over the past decade. In 2013, Lamar called out the top rappers in the industry on Big Sean’s “Control.” Drake didn’t like the strategy from Lamar and publicly criticized it multiple times. He responded in a verse of a remix of Future’s “S—,” but that’s as direct as it got for Lamar. There have been other speculated bars and tactics Drake’s had for Lamar but nothing direct. Lamar, on the other hand, has called out Drake for having ghostwriters and being sensitive consistently since 2013.
The three biggest names in hip-hop who broke out in the late 2000s and early 2010s are Drake, Lamar and J. Cole. As Cole and Drake collaborated on a No. 1 single where Cole shouts out Lamar and acknowledged the “Big Three,” Lamar responded on Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That” and rapped “motherf— the Big Three, n—, it’s just big me.” The latest direct jab led to the latest string of diss tracks from Cole, which has now been deleted, Drake and Ross to Drake.