Davis, California
Student activists deserve respect, privacy and safety
By THE EDITORIAL BOARD
Deeply rooted within university culture is the student body’s right to free speech and self-expression. At UC Davis, it is not entirely uncommon to see student groups marching with signs across campus or Eggheads spray-painted with graffiti in protest of the university’s actions. As we enter a new academic year, the Editorial Board wants to recognize the importance of youth activism and the right to freedom of speech on college campuses. 
Protests can spread awareness on harmful policies, draw attention to dangerous political movements and spearhead change. Specifically, student activism has often acted as a catalyst for social progress — empowering those both inside and outside of the university. From workers’ strikes to the pro-Palestine encampments to the Vietnam War, UC Davis students have never shied away from speaking out on current events.  
Over the summer, University of California President Michael V. Drake announced new rules and regulations regarding protests for all 10 UC campuses. These changes were announced following the UC-wide encampments erected in support of the Free Palestine movement, where pro-Palestine students set up tents in the central campus in protest of the UC’s financial relationship with Israel. While it is clear that these changes to protest policy on campus were made in response to the encampments, one of the most notable changes is the increased regulation of face coverings. 
“Individuals may not wear a mask, personal disguise or otherwise conceal their identity with the intent to intimidate any person or group, or to evade or escape discovery, recognition or identification while violating law or policy,” according to the UC Davis website.
Along with religious coverings, cultural coverings like the Keffiyeh, a traditional Palestinian scarf, can be worn on the face and head. Additionally, students wearing face masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19, especially for immunocompromised or otherwise at-risk individuals, would be required to remove the covering if campus authorities determined ill intent.  
“No person on university property may refuse to identify themselves when requested by a university official who is performing their duties in situations that require assistance or intervention,” according to the website. 
The vague and confusing methodology for determining what face coverings are permissible and which are not can only lead to negative impacts on student safety and privacy.  UC Davis simultaneously supports the use of masks during protests for health precautions and condemns the use of masks in any way that the UC does not permit. A set of rules that are subject simply to the opinions of campus officials are based on belief, not fact, and can only create a biased enforcement of rules that harms rather than protects. 
Other aspects of protesting are not permitted — such as restricting free movement and placing unauthorized structures — but non-disruptive protests and freedom of speech as a whole are encouraged by UC Davis. The issue, however, comes with expecting protests to always be quiet, passive and complacent, when in reality protests are inherently meant to challenge and confront. 
The UC’s official rhetoric surrounding student protestors depicts activists as violent and disruptive, and the requirements for engaging in a protest or demonstration follow this trend. By placing unreasonable demands, the students’ right to free speech is called into question. A protest that does not interrupt daily proceedings and that requires students to remove protective, cultural or religious facial coverings for fear of university retaliation is both ineffective and dangerous.    
As students part of a large public university, we have the unique opportunity to become educated on current events and stay connected to each other. Now more than ever, it is important to acknowledge the positive impact that university protests have had globally. We encourage new and old students to remain educated on current issues, listen to each other and become active and involved members of the community. Young activists are passionate and determined and deserve the right to express themselves — both safely and freely.
Written by: The Editorial Board


Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

©2021, ASUCD. Designed by Creative Media.