General Hospital (GH) spoilers for the next two weeks, December 30 to January 10, reveal that Elizabeth Baldwin (Rebecca Herbst) will go on high alert after GH lawyers up for an upcoming medical record review – one that leads to a Dex Heller (Evan Hofer) shocker coming to light.
Liz may confirm that there’s a disturbing pattern if Dex’s autopsy report indicates digitalis caused his fatal heart attack.
It’ll be just like what happened to Sam McCall (Kelly Monaco), so Elizabeth may give Lucky Spencer (Jonathan Jackson) some unsettling updates.
Over with Lucas Jones (Van Hansis), Kristina Corinthos-Davis (Kate Mansi) will totally understand why he unleashed his rage on Willow Corinthos (Katelyn MacMullen) and Drew Quartermaine (Cameron Mathison) recently.
Next, Trina Robinson (Tabyana Ali) will continue to connect with Kai Taylor (Jens Austin Astrup) while Ava Jerome (Maura West) asks Laura Collins (Genie Francis) for help with her Cassadine problems.
Ava will obviously want to get her divorce settlement back, but Laura may insist she’s not the person to turn to.
GH spoilers say Ava will seek Alexis Davis’ (Nancy Lee Grahn) help later, but something tells us Alexis won’t be very cooperative!
Sonny Corinthos (Maurice Benard) will worry about the battle that’s brewing, so we’ll see if he’s concerned about Ava’s next moves or about the custody mess that Michael Corinthos (Chad Duell) could get stuck in.
Speaking of Michael, he’s about to learn some shocking news.
Will Sasha Gilmore Corbin (Sofia Mattsson) tell Michael that she’s leaving town or feel guilty enough about her baby secret to actually make a full confession?
It’s possible Michael will find out that Sasha is pregnant with his child, so we’ll see if he ends up with more drama to wrap his head around.
Whatever the case, Michael will keep trying to work the right angles when it comes to the situation with Willow and the kids.
Sasha will also make Felicia Scorpio (Kristina Wagner) her confidant and get some guidance, so it’ll be good for her to have some support.
Elsewhere, Willow will get an invitation, so Drew might be behind it.
Drew may have some romantic plans in mind that’ll complicate things for Willow and leave Nina Reeves (Cynthia Watros) fuming.
Anna Devane (Finola Hughes) will also deliver a threat to someone, so we’ll see if she barks out another warning to Emma Drake (Braedyn Bruner) or if this involves all the Valentin Cassadine (James Patrick Stuart) drama instead.
In Prague, Lulu Spencer (Alexa Havins Bruening) will tackle some frustration now that Valentin has crashed her reunion with Charlotte Cassadine (Scarlett Fernandez).
This is all building to Charlotte’s choice, so will she stick with her plan to stay with Valentin or choose to go home with Lulu after all?
Of course, the decision could be made for Charlotte in the end if Valentin gets arrested or the WSB deals with him another way.
Back in Port Charles, Sonny will mull over his future, so it’s possible he’ll consider retiring or at least taking a step back from the business.
Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) is set to turn down someone’s offer, so he might reject Sonny’s idea about him taking over.
We should mention that during the week of December 30-January 3, there’ll be a couple of encore episodes that affect the schedule.
Look for a repeat to air on Tuesday, December 31 – and that’ll be followed by another repeat on Wednesday, January 1.
The week of January 6-10 will also bring some excitement as the show continues gearing up for Michael’s upcoming exit.
General Hospital spoilers say some danger’s going to be involved one way or another, so the writers will keep laying the groundwork.
Carly Spencer (Laura Wright) will embrace her inner mama bear as the action heats up, so our predictions suggest that’ll inevitably add to all the drama.
Viewers will also see the outcome for Charlotte and how her life will be affected by which parent she ends up with.
Charlotte is stuck in a lose-lose situation since she’ll be separated from either her papa or her newly awakened mom.
General Hospital spoilers say the next two weeks will bring some hostility and curveballs, so stay tuned for all the turmoil.
CDL will have other scorching soap spoilers, predictions, news and updates to check out, so drop by regularly for more info.
RELATED POSTS