E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
The Browns on Oct. 22 signed third-year quarterback Bailey Zappe off the Chiefs’ practice squad in the wake of Deshaun Watson suffering a season-ending right Achilles tendon rupture Oct. 20 in a game with the Bengals.
A player signed off another team’s practice squad must be added to the 53-man roster and not the signing team’s practice squad. A roster spot for Zappe opened when Watson was placed on injured reserve to correspond with signing Zappe. Zappe joins Jameis Winston and Dorian Thompson-Robinson in the Browns’ quarterback room.
Zappe was a 2022 fourth-round draft pick by the Patriots out of Western Kentucky. He played in four games and was 2-0 as a starter his rookie year with five touchdown passes and three interceptions. He played in 10 games last season and was 2-4 as a starter with six touchdown passes and nine interceptions.
The Patriots signed veteran quarterback Jacoby Brissett and drafted rookie Drake Maye with the third pick of the 2024 draft. Zappe was waived on Aug. 26 and signed to the Chiefs’ practice squad four days later.
Coach Kevin Stefanski has not named a starting quarterback for the Browns’ game with the Ravens on Oct. 27 at Huntington Bank Field. Thompson-Robinson was designated as Watson’s backup in the Cincinnati game, but Winston was the designated backup the first six games.
DTR injured a finger on his throwing hand in the 21-14 loss to the Bengals. He completed 11 of 24 passes for 82 yards and threw two interceptions before being sidelined.
Winston, in his 10th NFL season, is on a one-year contract with the 1-6 Browns, who have lost five straight games. He entered the game with the Bengals after DTR was injured and threw a touchdown pass to David Njoku in the final two minutes. He is 34-46 for his career as a starting quarterback with the Buccaneers and Saints.
This will be the second straight year Watson finishes the season on injured reserve. He was on I.R. the final eight games of 2023 after fracturing his shoulder in a game with the Ravens in Baltimore. Watson is 9-10 as a starter over three seasons with the Browns.
When: 1 p.m. Oct. 27
Where: Huntington Bank Field
Records: Ravens 5-2, Browns 1-6
TV: WOIO
Radio: WKRK-FM 92.3, WNCX-FM 98.5, WKNR-AM 850, WKKY-FM 104.7
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group