Filed under:
How much will stability at the DC position help the Vikings in 2024?
An underrated component of the 2024 Minnesota Vikings is continuity on the coaching staff, with no major exits or poachings. Both offensive coordinator Wes Phillips and defensive coordinator Brian Flores remain in Minnesota, marking the first time both positions have been held for consecutive seasons since Bill Musgrave and Alan Williams (2012-13).
Lack of continuity has contributed to the struggles of former draft picks Andrew Booth Jr. and Lewis Cine as well— with both being handpicked to play roles within former defensive coordinator Ed Donatell’s scheme. 
Cine struggled adapting to the speed of the NFL, being redshirted in order to familiarize himself with the playbook and his responsibilities before suffering a horrific injury in his debut season. With the depth chart shaping up, and multiple players ahead of him, Cine has much to prove. 
Fantastic burst and good timing from Lewis Cine to get the sack on this play. pic.twitter.com/Mnj3n3IYCj
Booth also suffered multiple injuries while in a Vikings uniform, including a knee injury that cost him most of his rookie season in 2022. He rotated in at cornerback throughout the year in 2023 before being traded to the Dallas Cowboys for Nahshon Wright this summer.
The Flores-commanded defense ranked 18th in total EPA/Play allowed, going from 24th in EPA allowed per pass in 2022 to 22nd in 2023, and setting the tone on opposing offenses with blitz-heavy schemes and versatile alignments allowing for players to be used as Swiss Army knives of sorts. 
And none of them posted a more impressive performance than Flores’ primary hybrid, Josh Metellus.
Metellus experienced a breakout season under Flores, finishing in the top 15 in snaps at the safety position (Cam Bynum and Harrison Smith also finished in the top 15), leading the NFL in stops, and leading all safeties with 19 pressures, nearly twice runner-up Kyle Hamilton’s output for the 2023 season (10). 
Josh Metellus had 4 pressures in this game, including 2 QB Hits. Kamara couldn't get a hand on him.The Vikings saw something in him this offseason, trusted him with an extension, and he's already paid that back.Awesome development by the player and usage by the team. pic.twitter.com/z5fs6iq2K3
Undrafted free-agent inside linebacker Ivan Pace was one of the most impressive rookies in the NFL last year, with 3.0 sacks, 70 tackles, an interception, a fumble forced and a 77.7 coverage grade via Pro Football Focus. Former Vikings edge rusher Danielle Hunter also had a career year under Flores, totaling 18 sacks, 55 hurries and 51 tackles (all career-highs).
Vikings rookie LB Ivan Pace Jr. today:13 tackles1 sack1 game-sealing interception1 backflipAbsolute gem of a UDFA. pic.twitter.com/h8OEnIzuuf
Flores was not considered for a head coaching position, likely due to a pending suit against the NFL. Recent comments by Dolphins quarterback Tua Tagovailoa have painted him and his performance as head coach in an unbecoming light. 
Brian Flores' class action lawsuit against the NFL - he is being represented by the same firm that represented Harvey Weinstein victims and former Fox News employees in their discrimination cases https://t.co/1EqJ7qDA4A pic.twitter.com/jrSjm12XHT
Whether this continues to keep Flores from further opportunities as a head coach remains to be seen, but he has quickly become beloved in Minnesota.
Brian Flores speaking to media as scheduled today, and Josh Metellus and Harrison Phillips walked to lectern with him. pic.twitter.com/waPRhnzEGJ
The Vikings have continued supplying Flores with tools, signing edge defenders Jonathan Greenard and Andrew Van Ginkel while also drafting Alabama’s premier rusher Dallas Turner and Levi Drake Rodriguez of SAGU (Southwestern Assemblies for God). 
Flores's ingenuity and the team's talent provide an intriguing base, and the Vikings will be fortunate to employ Flores for as long as possible.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.