Northeast/North Central Nebraska’s most trusted, comprehensive, and timely news source
The following story was included in the 40-page Winter Sports Preview edition published Dec. 5. 
Last season, Summerland made the Class C2 state tournament for the first time in program history, falling in the first round.
Coming into this season, the Bobcats return all five starters from last year’s squad and are determined to make it back to Lincoln again, claiming the area preseason No. 1 Class C ranking.
The starting unit of guards Sam Cheatum and Preston Hoke and forwards Michael Koenig, Alec Schindler and Carter Bergman have a wealth of experience playing with each other, having received major minutes for most of their careers together.
“It’s nice to have that continuity from year to year,” Summerland coach Brett Kaczor said. “A lot of them have played two or three years and they’re a tight-knit group and they trust each other, so it’s just a matter of consistently being able to go and do our job night in and night out.”
Fresh off a trip to the Class D1 semifinals in football — also the first in school history — the Bobcats gained valuable experience playing high-leverage, intense playoff games.
“When you look back through years of history, teams that do well in the postseason in football tend to do well in the postseason of winter sports,” Kaczor said. “It was great to get into those higher-leverage games with the huge crowd, and for them to experience something like that, hopefully that’s going to benefit us come March.”
Versatility is one of the keys to Summerland’s success.
Hoke and Koenig, at 12.8 and 11.4 points per game, respectively, lead the offensive attack as athletic slashers who also can step outside to knock down 3s when needed.
Cheatum, in his first year as the full-time starter at point guard, scored 9.9 points per game last year mainly as an outside shooter while Schindler serves as the de facto center, putting up 9.3 points and 4.4 rebounds per night.
One of Summerland’s only weaknesses is its size.
The Bobcats don’t have a traditional big man, which can lead to games in which they struggle to grab rebounds.
That issue reared its head in Summerland’s opening game of the state tournament when the Bobcats were outrebounded 34-17 in a 44-30 loss to Cross County.
This season, the Bobcats hope a renewed commitment to rebounding and toughness will solve their issues on the boards.
“We needed to get tougher, and hopefully with our football run, we’ve been able to see what it takes and translate that to basketball,” Kaczor said. “We’ve got a ton of athletic guys that can really jump and use their length.
“Sometimes you run into situations like against (Cross County) where you’re naturally outsized, but you’ve got to be able to work harder and hold that ground, and hopefully we can translate that to games this season and really rebound by committee.”
Streaky outside shooting also affected the Bobcats at times last year. In total, Summerland shot 112 of 407 from beyond the arc, good enough for a 28% clip.
In their state tournament loss, the Bobcats went ice cold from 3-point range, finishing 3 of 19.
Cheatum was the best high-volume shooter, going 32 for 87 (37%) while Bergman also flashed accuracy from outside on limited attempts, shooting 11 for 28 (39%).
While the Bobcats still will take plenty of 3s, their focus is on getting to the paint and the free-throw line a bit more this year.
“Don’t get me wrong, we’ll still take our outside shots, but we’ve been talking to the guys about trying to live inside the lane first,” Kaczor said. “We have to have that mentality to attack the rim first and put ourselves at the free-throw line.
“The last three years, we’ve steadily increased our percentage from the free-throw line, and the only way you can get there is to attack the paint, so we need to do that more consistently and trust that if we get stopped, we can either have the physicality to get through somebody at the rim or be able to draw a double-team and pass out to a look on the outside.”
The newly formed Greater Northeast Activities Conference will present a different challenge for Summerland, which was a member of the Niobrara Valley Conference.
A new set of teams and obstacles, such as last year’s Class D1 fourth-place finisher Plainview and fellow Class C2 front-runners Elkhorn Valley and West Holt, should prepare Summerland well for its goal of a deep playoff run.
“It’s pretty wild that we won’t be a part of the NVC anymore and seeing those teams we’ve played for the last five years,” Kaczor said. “It’s going to be a fun conference that sets you up for postseason play, because you’re really not going to get a night off where you can relax. You’re going to have a great battle each and every night.”
Following last year’s disappointing first-round exit, Summerland hopes it can build off that experience to make it even further this season.
“We don’t want to be satisfied, and our guys have talked about how we know we can get there now, we just can’t let the bright lights bother us,” Kaczor said. “Hopefully we can rely on that experience of being in a big-time moment in front of a big crowd on that stage and we’re not nervous or uptight, we’re just able to loosely play and allow our game to do the talking.”
CLASS C
Trailing Summerland in the Class C ratings is No. 2 Cedar Catholic. The Trojans return Elite Eight forward Nolan Becker to a squad that made the Class C2 state tournament a season ago. Guards Jaymison Cattau and Breiton Whitmire and forward Braeden Reifenrath also should inherit larger roles.
Similar to Summerland, No. 3 West Holt has an all-senior starting five coming back this season, led by Elite Eight forward Lincoln Konrad, who put up 14 points and 12 rebounds per game last year. Post Zach Hooey and guard Drake Nemetz both average double-digit scoring for a Huskies team that will be a major contender in Class C2.
Elkhorn Valley comes in at No. 4 after an up-and-down 2023-24. The Falcons were at the top of the Class C ratings all year before losing their last five games to fall out of playoff contention. Elite Eight member Kellyn Ollendick and forward Korbin Werner return to a squad that should stay near the top of the class once again.
Norfolk Catholic takes the No. 5 spot. The Knights were the only area Class C team to make a semifinal appearance in the state tournament last year, eventually placing fourth. While the Knights lost Class C Elite Eight captain Nolan Fennessy, both center Braeden Burbach and guard Max Hammond should fill in the defensive and scoring gaps.
No. 6 Wayne was the top Class C1 area team last year, finishing 21-6. Leading scorer Colson Nelson returns to a much younger group that has plenty of potential.
After a breakout year, Plainview snags the No. 7 spot. The Pirates had their best season in 17 years in 2023-24, and while superstar Spencer Hille has graduated, the backcourt of Kohen and Karter Lingenfelter should pick up the slack.
Guardian Angels Central Catholic rounds out the preseason ratings at No. 8. The Bluejays scuffled early in the season last year but went on a major run to wind up finishing third in Class D1. Moving up a class, GACC returns Elite Eight member Konnor Kralik to what should be a competitive roster.
CLASS D
St. Mary’s sits at the top of the Class D leaderboard to start the year. The Cardinals lost in the first round of the Class D2 state tournament to Wynot but bring back 95% of their scoring, including Elite Eight forward Gage Hedstrom. St. Mary’s is one of the most prolific 3-point shooting teams in the area, making 190 of its 589 attempts a season ago.
Archangels Catholic follows behind at No. 2. The Defenders — then Humphrey St. Francis — went on an electric run to make the Class D2 state tournament, losing to eventual champion Shelton in the first round. Similar to St. Mary’s, Archangels returns all of its key players, including guard Carson Wessel and forward Ethan Wieseler.
Howells-Dodge starts the year at No. 3. The Jaguars looked primed for a deep postseason run last year but lost four of their final five games to barely miss out on a trip to Lincoln. While Elite Eight guard Oscar Dominguez has departed, a younger team featuring guards Dane Meyer and Nathan Tomcak still should make noise and have a shot at the playoffs.
Wynot starts out at No. 4. The Blue Devils fell in a triple-overtime heartbreaker to Shelton in the Class D2 semifinals last year and lost their entire starting five, including Elite Eight guard Dylan Heine. However, a newer group that includes guards Kason and Kotner Koch and forward Andrew Haberman should keep Wynot in the mix at the top of the class.
Stuart, fresh off a Class D6 championship in football, claims No. 5. Forwards Gavynn Mustin and Hunter Tubbs and guard Kayde Ramm lead a Broncos group that will pack a scoring punch.
Elgin Public/Pope John slides in at No. 6. Big man Jarek Erickson and point guard Karson Kallhoff helm a Wolfpack squad that could be a long shot for a Class D2 state tournament berth.
No. 7 Walthill, while losing most of its scoring, will field a respectable roster in 2024-25. The Bluejays made the Class D2 playoffs last season on the strength of guards Adrian Phillips and Ethan Parker, who both graduated. Keesan Kaaihue, who averaged 10.9 points per game last year, will be given the keys to what should be a strong Walthill offense.
Hartington-Newcastle brings up the rear at No. 8. The Wildcats struggled to an 8-13 record but retained guards Brayden Lammers, Cole Heimes and Cole Rosener to what could be an improved team.
Class C
1. Summerland, C2 21-4
2. Cedar Catholic, C2 19-7
3. West Holt, C2 19-7
4. Elkhorn Valley, C2 13-7
5. Norfolk Catholic, C2 18-10
6. Wayne, C1 21-6
7. Plainview, C2 18-9
8. GACC, C2 15-14
Class D
1. St. Mary’s, D2 18-7
2. Archangels Cath., D2 16-8
3. Howells-Dodge, D1 18-7
4. Wynot, D2 19-8
5. Stuart, D2 14-8
6. EPPJ, D2 12-10
7. Walthill, D1 18-5
8. Hartington-Newcastle, D1 8-13
Weekly sermon summaries for local and area churches.
The committee formed to examine the use of tax increment financing in Norfolk met for the first time this week with a shared goal of educating the public and city officials on TIF. 
WAYNE — After dropping a mid-week doubleheader to league-leading Minnesota State on Tuesday, Wayne State used an 8-0 and 8-4 sweep in the opening doubleheader of a three-game set with Winona State on senior day at the Pete Chapman Baseball Complex to remain alive for the third seed in next w…
MADISON — A Norfolk man faces up to 32½ years in prison after being convicted of five felonies and three misdemeanors on Friday in Madison County District Court. 
As vegetable garden planting begins, visions of last year’s insect problems may invade gardeners’ minds. Will bean leaf beetles chew holes in bean pods? Will gray squash bugs mass on squash or pumpkin vines, causing leaves to turn brown? Are cucumber beetles going to spread bacterial wilt to…
STANTON — Shannon Hekrdle wasn’t happy. The job she had wasn’t what she pictured for herself, and she knew she could do more for her community. 
State Sen. Rob Dover of Norfolk is concerned about Nebraska’s growing budget gap. 
You might ask "What is the senior center all about?" 
The Norfolk Farmers Market returns this Saturday, May 3, with improvements, new vendors and the kickoff of Visit Nebraska’s passport program. 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: