By 

	Larisha Paul


	The 2024 BET Awards performance lineup has expanded to include additional performances from rapidly rising stars Ice Spice and Tyla, as well as the ultimate veteran Ms. Lauryn Hill, who will perform alongside YG Marley. Megan Thee Stallion, whose new album Megan arrives on Friday, will hit the stage first when the show airs on Sunday.

	Additionally, the BET Amplified stage will feature a special performance from country star Tanner Adell, who recently appeared on Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter and recently shared the love drunk single “Whiskey Blues.” 

	Like Adell, previously announced performer Shaboozey will also bring a country edge to the awards show. The musician, who also appeared on Cowboy Carter and is currently celebrating the success of “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” was announced in the first round of performers. The original lineup also includes Muni Long, Victoria Monét, GloRilla, Latto, and Sexyy Red. 

	Drake is the most nominated artist of the night with seven nods, followed closely by Nicki Minaj who is nominated for six awards. J. Cole, Sexyy Red, SZA, and Victoria Monét each landed five nominations, while Beyoncé, Doja Cat, Megan Thee Stallion, Usher, and Tyla are each up for four awards. 

	










	Performers GloRilla, Ice Spice, Latto, and Sexyy Red are all nominated for Best Female Hip-Hop Artist. Meanwhile, Tyla’s four nods include nominations for Best New Artist, Best Female R&B/Pop Artist, and Best International Act, as well as a Viewer’s Choice Award nomination for her hit single “Water.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	This year’s BET Awards will air on June 30 from Los Angeles. Last year’s show featured performances from Coco Jones, GloRilla, Doechii, Lil Uzi Vert, Latto, Ice Spice, Quavo, Offset, and more.

June 26, 12:34 p.m. EST: This post has been updated to include Megan Thee Stallion on the list of performers at the 2024 BET Awards.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.