The NFL is rarely short on excitement and surprises, and Week 7 of the 2024 season was no exception.
In Minnesota, the Vikings were knocked from the ranks of the unbeaten by a Detroit Lions team that looks like the class of the NFC. The defending champions of that conference fell below .500 in a rematch of last year's Super Bowl—a defeat that cost the San Francisco 49ers in more than just the standings.
The surprising Washington Commanders kept right on rolling despite losing rookie phenom Jayden Daniels to a rib injury. Russell Wilson's first start as quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers had the look of a statement victory. The Green Bay Packers found a way to down the Houston Texans in a contest in which neither team played especially well.
Oh, and the Carolina Panthers, Cleveland Browns and New England Patriots are all still awful—although there's at least a flicker of home in Beantown given the play of rookie quarterback Drake Maye.
As is the case every week, the pecking order across the league went into a blender in Week 7. And as is the case every week here at Bleacher Report, NFL Analysts Gary Davenport, Kristopher Knox, Maurice Moton and Brent Sobleski are here to pour out that pigskin smoothie (yummy) and rank the NFL's teams from No. 32 to No. 1.
There's a new basement-dweller in Week 8, although it's a team whose fans have long ago become familiar with despair and misery—so much so that the stadium is nicknamed "The Factory of Sadness."
Last Week: 31
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Cincinnati 21-14
There is no bottom with the 2024 Cleveland Browns.
That the Browns lost again is hardly surprising. That they struggled offensively is even less so. But the season hit a new nadir when Deshaun Watson crumpled to the turf with a season-ending Achilles tear and the fans in Cleveland celebrated.
Edge-rusher Myles Garrett put those fans on blast while addressing the media after the loss.
Dorian Thompson-Robinson relieved Watson before suffering a finger injury and giving way to Jameis Winston. Who starts for the Browns next Sunday against the Baltimore Ravens may not be known until later in the week.
At this point, it really doesn't matter.
Analyst's Take
Watson's injury and the fans' reaction to it is the 2024 Browns in a nutshell—gross. So is Cleveland head coach Kevin Stefanski's boneheaded decision to go with Thompson-Robinson as Watson's backup and not Winston, who led the team on a late-game touchdown drive after DTR got banged up.
Thompson-Robinson completed less than half his passes and threw a pair of interceptions. The season is lost. The Watson deal somehow now looks even worse than before. And if Winston isn't the Week 8 starter, then either Stefanski is trying to get fired or the Clowns (that nickname is definitely back now) are blatantly tanking. -- Davenport
Last Week: 32
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Jacksonville 32-16 (London)
When the New England Patriots raced out to a 10-0 lead against the Jaguars in London on Sunday, it appeared that rookie Drake Maye's insertion into the starting lineup had provided the Pats with a desperately needed spark.
In his defense, Maye had a solid game statistically. He finished 26-of-37 for 276 yards and a pair of scores with a passer rating of 109.7. But the Patriots were outscored 32-6 the rest of the way to fall to 1-6 on the season.
After the game, first-year head coach Jerod Mayo didn't attempt to hide his disdain for his team's performance while speaking to the media.
"We're a soft football team across the board," Mayo said. "We talk about what makes a tough football team; it's being able to run the ball, it's being able to stop the run. It's being able to cover kicks and we did none of those today. They controlled the ball for most of the day. Their run game averaged over four-and-a-half yards a carry. Our run game, not sure what the average was, but it wasn't good."
Tell us how you really feel, coach.
Analyst's Take
Maye has played well since he replaced Jacoby Brissett, throwing for 519 yards, five touchdowns and two interceptions, but he's not getting support from his defense.
Over the last two weeks, Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo has called out his defense and called the team "soft" after losing to the Jaguars in London.
From a defensive perspective, the Patriots miss Bill Belichick's coaching. Mayo has to figure out how to restore the club's grit on that side of the ball. -- Moton
Last Week: 30
Week 7 Result: Lost at Washington 40-7
The Carolina Panthers are terrible. They were terrible with Bryce Young under center, and save one game against the Las Vegas Raiders, they have been terrible with Andy Dalton at quarterback.
This kind of terrible.
However, despite another dreadful performance from Dalton, first-year head coach Dave Canales told reporters that he remains the team's starting quarterback.
"It just wasn't good enough," Canales said. "That's true, and he knows that. And so, that's something, that again, we just gotta be honest about our 'Tell the Truth Monday' and look at the things that we can do better from an execution standpoint. ... We gotta just get prepared, we gotta look at this film, get ready for the Broncos right now and Andy will be playing next week."
For his part, Dalton echoed a similar intent to play better.
"It got out of our hands quick," Dalton said. "We have to look ourselves in the mirror and say, 'Why do these games keep going like this?' I think that's the biggest thing."
At this point, it doesn't matter who Carolina's quarterback is any more than the positioning of the deck chairs on the Titanic factored into how quickly the boat sank.
Analyst's Take
After a 1-6 start, Carolina is already looking toward the future. The rest of this season is all about development and evaluation.
Once again, Bryce Young entered the contest for mop-up duty. Quarterback will be the organization's No. 1 target. Conversely, the team seemingly found an offensive weapon in rookie tight end Ja'Tavion Sanders, who set career highs Sunday with six receptions for 61 yards.
That's what this season has already become: Players showing whether or not they'll be with the team next year. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 28
Week 7 Result: Lost at Buffalo 34-10
At first, it looked like the Tennessee Titans were going to give the Bills a game on Sunday. Tennessee scored the first 10 points of the game and led at intermission.
Unfortunately for the Titans, football games have two halves. And after being outscored 27-0 in the second half, Tennessee was on the wrong end of another lopsided loss that left head coach Brian Callahan searching for answers while addressing the media after the game.
"We went backwards on offense. We had penalties, we had a million issues, quarterback hits, all those things. Not good enough," Callahan said. "We didn't do a good enough job to do anything in the second half worthwhile. It's frustrating. Got to find an answer."
Mason Rudolph made the start at quarterback for Tennessee in place of an injured Will Levis. But the results were mostly the same. The Titans failed to hit 300 yards of offense and scored 17 or fewer points for the fifth time this year.
It appears that Tennessee is raising the white flag on 2024--Tuesday the team dealt wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins and linebacker Ernest Jones IV (who was acquired via trade just before the season) to the Kansas City Chiefs and Seattle Seahawks, respectively.
Analyst's Take
Welp. Rudolph isn't the Titans' answer at quarterback. While he might not be as mistake-prone as Levis, he can't boost the offense enough to contend with quality teams like Buffalo.
On the bright side, Tennessee appears to have the foundation of a terrific defense in place. It also has a real shot at landing the top quarterback in the 2025 draft class. -- Knox
Last Week: 29
Week 7 Result: Won vs. New England 32-16 (London)
When the Jacksonville Jaguars fell 10 points behind a bad New England Patriots team on Sunday, they appeared to be headed toward a new low point in a season that has been essentially nothing but low points.
But after falling behind 10-0, the Jaguars outscored the Patriots 32-6 thanks to the running of Tank Bigsby and some big plays from the defense and special teams.
Bigsby told reporters after the game that the victory showed that the Jaguars are a resilient team.
"Adversity shows real character," said Bigsby, who topped 100 rushing yards with two scores. "It shows who you can be and who you are. Today showed what this can be ... let's keep going."
Head coach Doug Pederson believes the victory showed what the Jaguars are capable of.
"This is what our team can do," Pederson said. "We were down 10 but nobody was like, 'here we go again,' or defeated or had negative thoughts. It was just one play at a time."
Analyst's Take
The Jaguars left London on the upswing largely thanks to Bigsby and wideout Brian Thomas Jr., who combined for 207 yards and three touchdowns in the win over the Patriots.
Perhaps the Jaguars' win over the Patriots is enough for them to build momentum heading into a tough stretch in which they will play the Green Bay Packers, Philadelphia Eagles, Minnesota Vikings and Detroit Lions.
At the very least, Jacksonville should be able to stack scoring drives in competition with playoff-caliber opponents. -- Moton
Last Week: 26
Week 7 Result: Lost at Los Angeles Rams 20-15
It just keeps getting better and better for the Las Vegas Raiders.
With Aidan O'Connell sidelined by a hand injury, the Raiders were forced to turn back to Gardner Minshew at quarterback Sunday against a struggling Rams team. Minshew was abysmal, completing less than half his passes against a bad Rams defense with three interceptions, a lost fumble and a game ball—from the Rams.
Minshew admitted after the loss that he never gave the Raiders a chance at victory.
"To have a game where we lose by five points and have four turnovers, like, that's critical, and it's unfair to the rest of the team," Minshew told reporters. "So, I'm going to go back, look at the film. Not gonna sulk, not gonna pout, but whatever we gotta do to fix 'em, I'm gonna do."
Minshew was going to continue elaborating on that statement, but he fumbled the microphone and the Rams recovered.
After trading wide receiver Davante Adams last week, the Raiders appear to have thrown in the towel on the 2024 campaign. With the undefeated Chiefs next on the schedule, 2-5 should become 2-6 soon enough.
Analyst's Take
The Raiders are still battling for head coach Antonio Pierce.
Pierce hasn't lost the locker room despite an early-season team meeting and Adams' departure. However, he's likely coaching to keep his job as owner Mark Davis welcomes Fox Sports analyst Tom Brady into the fold as a minority owner and someone he will consult on football decisions.
If the Raiders show quit on the field, Pierce could be one-and-done in Las Vegas, but they're not at that point yet. -- Moton
Last Week: 25
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Philadelphia 28-3
Who's up for a quarterback controversy?
With the New York Giants getting tubthumped by the rival Eagles, former Giant Saquon Barkley gashing his old team and the G-Men hovering around 100 yards of total offense. Giants head coach Brian Daboll pulled Daniel Jones in favor of Drew Lock.
Daboll told reporters after the game that it was simply a one-off attempt to jump-start New York's floundering offense.
"We made a change in the fourth quarter when it was 28-3—we had 100 yards—just to create a spark," Daboll said. "Daniel will be the quarterback going forward. "All the way around—not just the quarterback; the coaching, everything—just wasn't good enough."
For his part, Jones wasn't happy with the hook.
"It wasn't much of a conversation," Jones said. "Just said he was going to go with Drew. Looking for a spark. That was about it. I'm just going to continue to prepare and try to play as well as I can. Daboll, it's his team. It's up to him to make that decision. Obviously, I believe in myself and believe in this offense. So, I'm just going to focus on myself."
Jones was sacked seven times and got zero help from the Giants' ground game. But with New York having dropped three of four and once again in the NFC East basement, we may see some more permanent changes moving forward.
Analyst's Take
The Giants can fool you when they play against mediocre or basement-dwelling teams because they're well-coached.
However, when the Giants step up in weight class, you immediately see the difference between them and the opponent, specifically in the quarterback battle.
Over the last two weeks against the Cincinnati Bengals and Philadelphia Eagles, Daniel Jones hasn't thrown a touchdown pass. The Giants benched him Sunday, and they'll probably do it again (permanently) next time. -- Moton
Last Week: 18
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Denver 33-10
The New Orleans Saints are in free fall.
After rolling to big wins in their first two games, the Saints have now dropped five straight after getting blown out by the Denver Broncos on Thursday night. They have been decimated by injuries. The defense was shredded by the Broncos for well over 200 yards on the ground.
While talking to reporters, Saints head coach Dennis Allen acknowledged that injuries have played a part in the skid. But he also said the team has gotten away from what was working for New Orleans on both sides of the ball.
"It's been disappointing," Allen said. "Injuries play a part of it, but we've got to find a way to play better. We're making mistakes we shouldn't be making. Us as coaches and players alike, we've got to figure it out.
"... Early on in the season, we played good football, so I know this team has it in them. But right now, we're not playing that way and obviously there's a multitude of reasons why, and we've got to figure out how to get back to playing that type of football."
Analyst's Take
It's hard to believe that this is the same Saints team that blew out the Panthers and Cowboys to open the season. The defense was gashed for 389 yards by a Denver offense that hasn't exactly been lighting it up. The Spencer Rattler-led Saints offense that was down its top two receivers amassed only 271 yards of offense and turned it over twice.
The Saints season is circling the drain, and Allen's future as head coach is—well, let's just say the seat under him is getting a tad warm. -- Davenport
Last Week: 27
Week 7 Result: Lost at Indianapolis 16-10
The Miami Dolphins badly need quarterback Tua Tagovailoa back on the field.
Since Tagovailoa went down with a concussion, Miami's offense has all but vanished. The Dolphins outgained the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday, but the team ran the ball a whopping 40 times. Explosive wide receivers Jaylen Waddle and Tyreek Hill combined for four targets and two catches for 19 yards. No team in the league is scoring fewer points.
Reports have circulated that Tagovailoa will return to practice this week, but Dolphins head coach Mike McDaniel was vague about Tagovailoa's short-term status earlier this week.
"It is exciting that I do believe he'll play football this year," McDaniel said. "I never went down that rabbit hole of if he would or wouldn't, just because I've learned through circumstance how that's the wrong question to be asking. The right questions are completely, 100 percent toward the human being and the player as a result."
If Tagovailoa isn't back out there soon, it's going to be too late.
Analyst's Take
This week is less about what Miami didn't accomplish against the Indianapolis Colts and more about whether Tagovailoa will return for the Week 8 game against the Arizona Cardinals. The Dolphins have been stuck in a holding pattern since they placed Tagovailoa on injured reserve.
This squad can't do much when its quarterbacks complete two total passes to Waddle and Hill. With the window opening to potentially activate Tagovailoa, all the Dolphins can do is wait. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 20
Week 7 Result: Lost at Pittsburgh 37-15
Jets gotta Jet.
This was supposed to be the season where it all turned around for Jets fans. Instead, seven weeks in, the Jets have fired their head coach, swung a trade for veteran wideout Davante Adams and keep right on losing.
This was a game where the Jets led 15-6 and were driving. But Aaron Rodgers threw the first of his two interceptions, and the Steelers never looked back. They reeled off 31 straight points and dominated the second half.
After another loss, interim head coach Jeff Ulbrich insisted to reporters that this isn't who the Jets really are.
"That game, especially that second half, that's not who this team is," Ulbrich said. "That's not good enough and it starts with me and the coaching staff and goes down to every single player on this team. We can all give more, and we will give more."
Except it is. Rodgers looks his age at times and has been uncharacteristically reckless with the ball. The defensive backfield has been blasted by injuries.
Cold, hard truth time: These Jets aren't very good.
Analyst's Take
Gang Green chose to go all-in with an aging Rodgers. All the organization did was trap itself into a corner.
Firing Robert Saleh didn't create a spark within the locker room. The addition of Adams did nothing to tip the scales in the Jets' favor. New York is running out of options to turn this season around. At 2-5, the likelihood of that actually happening is probably slim to none.
It may be best for everyone to accept that it isn't working and all go in separate directions next offseason. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 24
Week 7 Result: Won vs. Las Vegas 20-15
The Los Angeles Rams have struggled mightily on defense this season. They rank 26th in yards per game allowed and points per game allowed.
But with the offense still beset by injuries, the Rams defense carried the day against the Las Vegas Raiders and kept them on the fringes of contention in the NFC West.
Against a struggling Raiders team that was forced to go back to Gardner Minshew after an injury to quarterback Aidan O'Connell, the Rams gave up only 317 yards of offense and forced four turnovers. Cornerback Cobie Durant told reporters after the win that takeaways were an emphasis for the defense in Week 7.
"The emphasis on attacking the ball was at an all-time high today," Durant said. "All week we emphasized it, and it displayed today. What a great day it is to attack the ball!"
The Rams now have a short week to prepare for a Vikings team coming off its first loss of the season. But there's hope that star wideout Cooper Kupp will make his return in that game, which would boost a Rams offense that has had issues moving the ball in recent weeks.
Analyst's Take
The Rams must be counting down the days until Kupp (ankle) and fellow wideout Puka Nacua (PCL) return from their injuries.
At home, the Rams nearly blew a 14-point lead to a depleted Raiders squad. They avoided catastrophe, but without their premier pass-catchers, they cannot expect running back Kyren Williams to keep carrying the offense every week. -- Moton
Last Week: 20
Week 7 Results: Won vs. Los Angeles Chargers 17-15
The Arizona Cardinals headed into Monday night's meeting with the Los Angeles Chargers with twice as many losses as wins. But while speaking to reporters, quarterback Kyler Murray said that the Redbirds know they can get the season back on track. They just have to execute.
"Getting into the league and dealing with failure, I took it super hard," Murray said. "I think it was kind of a detriment. You don't want to learn how to lose, but at the end of the day you kind of have to learn how to deal with those things and continue to play the game at a high level. I guess you could say that's maturity and age. We're 2-4, but when we go out there on Sunday and we're on the field, you're at that point where you've seen pretty much all of it. It's a good feeling. Obviously, we have to deliver and execute."
The Cardinals didn't play a flawless game Monday night—Murray threw for less than 150 yards, and the Chargers outgained the Cardinals. But Arizona's defense shut down the Chargers ground game, Murray made a huge play with his legs, and suddenly the Cardinals are right there with the 49ers a game back in the NFC West.
Analyst's Take
In honesty, I'm not sure if the result of this game says more about Arizona being underrated or the Chargers being overrated, and neither team set the world on fire offensively Monday night. But while Murray's passing night wasn't great, his 44-yard touchdown run was the play of the game. This was a victory the Cardinals absolutely had to have—and credit where it's due to the team for going out and getting it. -- Davenport
Last Week: 16
Week 7 Results: Lost at Arizona 17-15
The Los Angeles Chargers came into Week 7 a team that was
above .500 in spite of the passing game, not because of it. The Bolts won with
defense and the run game—not the right arm of Justin Herbert. And as Herbert told
reporters, that was just fine with him.
"If we throw 500 times or 50 times, we just have to be
executing as an offense," Herbert said. "Selfishly, I love to throw
the football, but I want to get this offense to be as best as we can and what
that looks like changes from week to week."
Well, Monday night in Arizona, Herbert had his best passing
game of the season, throwing for 349 yards. But the Chargers were held out of the
end zone, Arizona gouged the Bolts for over 10 yards a carry on the ground and
when the dust settled Los Angeles was on the wrong side of a two-point loss
that drops Los Angeles behind Denver in the AFC West.
It was a reminder that while the Chargers aren't a bad team, they aren't a squad with much margin for error.
Analyst's Take
This is the sort of loss that comes back to haunt a franchise late in the season—the sort of defeat that can be the difference between a Wild Card spot and watching the postseason on TV. The Chargers outplayed the Cardinals in some respects. But the run game never got going, and Los Angeles only reached the red-zone once and settled for a field goal then. The argument can be made that Jim Harbaugh's Chargers got out-toughed Monday night—and that's a bad look for a squad that has hung its hat on physicality over the first month-plus of the season. -- Davenport
Last Week: 22
Week 7 Result: Won at New Orleans 33-10
Denver's blowout win in the Big Easy on Thursday night comes with a caveat: The Saints have been decimated by injuries offensively. They entered the contest down their starting quarterback and top two wide receivers.
Broncos quarterback Bo Nix had a modest game throwing the ball, although he did add 75 yards on the ground. But while addressing the media, Broncos tackle Garrett Bolles insisted that Denver has something in the rookie signal-caller.
"It's special, man. Bo's a dual threat," Bolles said. "He can throw the ball, and he can run. He's special. And we needed to do our job tonight by protecting him. And we created open lanes in the passing game for him to throw the ball to our playmakers. And we got that—the ball rolling. So when we got the ball rolling down the field, it opens up lanes for him to do what he needs to do, and that's what makes him special."
Analyst's Take
Nix isn't posting big numbers, but in a perfect world for the Broncos, he won't have to. Denver has a top-five defense to keep the team in games. Against the Saints, the Broncos ran for 225 yards and averaged well over six yards per carry.
That's the recipe for success in Denver: Play solid defense. Run the ball. And don't ask too much from their rookie quarterback.
These Broncos aren't going to challenge the Chiefs in the AFC West. But when they play like this, they have the potential to be a tough out for opponents. -- Davenport
Last Week: 19
Week 7 Result: Bye Week
The Dallas Cowboys enter every season with Texas-sized expectations. But seven weeks into the 2024 campaign, the Cowboys have Texas-sized problems.
On their way to an NFC East title last year, the Cowboys were undefeated in the regular season at AT&T Stadium. In 2024, Dallas is 0-3 at home. In two of those losses, Dallas surrendered over 40 points, including a 47-9 disaster against the Detroit Lions a week ago.
The Dallas defense has been a shell of its formerly formidable self this season. Star edge-rusher Micah Parsons told reporters that it's because the team isn't playing as a unit.
"Now we got people trying to be Superman," Parsons said. "People just got to do their jobs, bro. We don't need everyone to be Superman. We don't know Supermans at all. We just need 11 guys playing together, and right now it's just not in unison."
The defense hasn't been the Cowboys' only problem. The Dallas offense has been one-dimensional, averaging a league-low 77.2 yards per game on the ground.
Analyst's Take
Every season is Super Bowl or bust for the Cowboys—and 2024 is definitely shaping up to be the latter.
Dallas can't run the ball at all. It isn't doing any better at stopping the run, surrendering a whopping 143.2 yards per game on the ground. These problems aren't going to suddenly reverse themselves. Derrick Henry isn't coming through the door to save the run game, and the defense has been gashed consistently on the ground.
The Cowboys are an average football team at best. And Mike McCarthy's tenure as Dallas' head coach may be winding to a close. -- Davenport
Last Week: 21
Week 7 Result: Won vs. Miami 16-10
After outlasting an injury-depleted Miami Dolphins team Sunday, the Indianapolis Colts are above .500 for the first time this season. Indy also got starting quarterback Anthony Richardson back for the game.
But the Colts offense struggled once again with Richardson under center. The second-year quarterback completed less than half his passes for just 124 yards. Indy had only 284 yards of total offense and went 4-for-13 on third down.
After the win, Richardson told reporters that the only numbers that mattered to him Sunday were those on the scoreboard.
"We expected to come into this game and get the win, that was our whole mindset," Richardson said. "It makes me feel good that we got the 'W' even though the offense was struggling a little to find consistency."
Head coach Shane Steichen echoed a similar refrain.
"Obviously, we want to finish with touchdowns down there," Steichen said. "We've got to be better, I've got to be better (on play calls), but we found a way to win the game and that's what matters."
Analyst's Take
Richardson returned to the Colts lineup after two weeks of recovering from a hip injury. Currently, he's a liability as a passer. His 48.5 completion percentage is easily the league's worst. But Indianapolis needs to know if its coaching staff can develop the supremely talented athlete.
Head coach Shane Steichen must be more creative with his play-calling while playing to Richardson's strengths. Right now, nothing with the Colts offense is consistent. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 17
Week 7 Result: Won at Cleveland 21-14
The Cincinnati Bengals have had plenty of success in recent years—but not against the Cleveland Browns. Entering Sunday's matchup, the Bengals had lost six in a row in Cleveland. Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow was 1-5 in his career against Cincy's Ohio rivals.
But the 2024 Browns are a five-alarm dumpster fire, and while it wasn't an especially pretty victory, the Bengals did enough to earn a second straight win and climb to within a game of .500.
After the game, Burrow lauded the team for finding a way to win Sunday. But he also cautioned that the Bengals have a lot of work to do.
"Big win," Burrow said. "But it's just one. We're 3-4 now. Great teams find ways to win, and I think we've got a chance to be a great team. We're not there yet."
The Bengals are going to need to tighten things up in a hurry. Next week the 4-2 Eagles come to town fresh off blowing out the Giants, and the second meeting of the season with the rival Ravens looms in Week 10.
Analyst's Take
The Bengals have won three of their last four, but this doesn't quite feel like the sort of in-season rebound we've seen from Cincinnati in the past. Those wins have come against the Panthers, Giants and Browns, and something seems to be off every single week.
The defense was putrid over the first month of the season. While it has looked better over the last two weeks, the offense has struggled to find a rhythm. We know the Bengals can do damage if they can sneak into the postseason, but right now, they don't feel truly threatening. -- Knox
Last Week: 8
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Seattle 34-14
The Atlanta Falcons rode a wave of momentum into Week 7. The team had won four of its last five games and looked like a contender in the NFC South.
The Falcons actually outgained the Seattle Seahawks in Week 7. They also won the time of possession battle and went 8-of-15 on third down. But they couldn't make plays when they needed to, and they turned the ball over three times, leading to their most lopsided defeat of the season.
Falcons quarterback Kirk Cousins was responsible for all three turnovers, including a strip-sack fumble returned for a touchdown. After the game, the veteran told reporters that this was not his finest hour.
"Tough day at the office, certainly," he said. "Pro football has a way of testing you like that, and now we have to kind of—we talk about having resolve, having grit, responding, getting back to work tomorrow, being candid about how each one of us has to do certain things better. I've got to play better and just kind of looking at how do we play better, how do we improve and put together a good week of practice and then try to play your best football you can play next Sunday."
Analyst's Take
We now know exactly who the Falcons are. Despite having an embarrassment of offensive skill talent—and arguably the best running back duo in the league—Atlanta's success hinges on the play of Cousins.
The ground game can be great when Atlanta utilizes it properly. The defense, while talented, is dealing with injuries and isn't capable of carrying the team when Cousins struggles. The Falcons got the bad version of Cousins in Week 7 (three turnovers), and they were blown out at home.
To be a title contender, Atlanta needs to tweak its formula. And it wouldn't hurt to find someone who can consistently rush the passer. -- Knox
Last Week: 13
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Kansas City 28-18
At some point, the dam is going to break in San Francisco. That time may be now.
With running back Christian McCaffrey still having not played this season and wide receivers Deebo Samuel (illness) and Jauan Jennings (hip) also out, the absolute last thing San Francisco needed was for something to happen to wideout Brandon Aiyuk.
That's exactly what happened against the Chiefs on Sunday. After taking a shot to the knee, Aiyuk was carted to the locker room with what is believed to be a torn ACL.
With his pass-catchers ravaged by injuries, 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy pressed the action. The result was three interceptions and a 10-point loss that dropped the defending NFC champions below .500.
Head coach Kyle Shanahan acknowledged to reporters that it wasn't Purdy's best day.
"We didn't do anything really good on offense," Shanahan said. "I know he'd love to have all three of those picks back. Brock's been playing unbelievable this year. He's done some good things on offense this year but today wasn't that day."
The Niners now have to prepare for a similarly desperate Dallas Cowboys team with an offense that has become dangerously short-handed.
Analyst's Take
It certainly seems like the 49ers aren't going to catch a break on the injury front this season. They'll be desperate to get a win against Dallas in Week 8 and regroup during the Week 9 bye. That's probably not good news for the Cowboys, but this is in no way a good position for San Francisco, which appears to have lost Aiyuk for the season.
Even if the 49ers can get healthier—and, of course, get McCaffrey back in the lineup—I'm not sure they're serious contenders. The defense has taken a step backward, red-zone efficiency remains a massive issue, and the post-bye schedule is daunting. San Francisco may still win the NFC West, but that might just mean an opening-round matchup with the Lions, Packers or Vikings, all of whom appear to be bigger threats in the NFC right now. -- Knox
Last Week: 15
Week 7 Result: Won at Atlanta 34-14
The Seattle Seahawks entered Week 7 in desperate need of a win after dropping three straight games. They also lacked a win over a quality opponent this season.
Thanks to a big game from a sick running back and Seattle's best defensive effort of the year, the Seahawks got both.
The sick running back was Kenneth Walker III, who amassed 93 yards and two scores on 16 touches, drawing praise from quarterback Geno Smith along the way.
"I thought he did a great job," Smith told reporters. "Obviously, he was under the weather. A little bit of his flu game today on his birthday. I think that's spectacular. It might be the first time that's ever happened, but he's a guy we rely on. The way that he fought and battled it out, I know he wasn't feeling his best, but to come out and do what he did on his birthday, I thought that was excellent."
The win may have come at a cost,, as wide receiver DK Metcalf was carted off the field with a knee injury. However, Seattle head coach Mike MacDonald indicated some optimism that Metcalf avoided a major injury.
The Seahawks also made a major move defensively Tuesday, sending linebacker Jerome Baker and a draft pick to the Tennessee Titans for linebacker Ernest Jones IV.
Analyst's Take
The Seahawks snapped their three-game losing streak and finally notched a quality win. I still think Seattle can be a playoff contender if it can figure out its defensive identity. That identity might be built on the budding pass-rushing duo of Boye Mafe and Derick Hall.
Offensively, Seattle is a lot of fun, though all eyes are now on Metcalf's knee injury. I like the foundation new head coach Mike Macdonald and offensive coordinator Ryan Grubb are laying out. I'll feel even better about it if Seattle can steal one from the Bills next week. -- Knox
Last Week: 9
Week 7 Results: Lost vs. Baltimore 41-31
Monday's duel between the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Baltimore Ravens was another litmus test for both the team and its quarterback.
To be fair, no one doubts that the Buccaneers are legitimate contenders in the NFC South—and quite possibly the favorites. Tampa won the division last year and waxed the Philadelphia Eagles in the Wild Card Round. This year, Tampa is the only team to beat the Lions—in Detroit.
Baker Mayfield is playing the best football of his career. And just looking at the raw stats, Tampa appears to have given the Ravens all they could handle. Mayfield threw for 370 yards and three touchdowns. Tampa topped 480 yards of offense against one of the AFC's best teams.
But the Buccaneers also allowed over 500 yards of offense. And Mayfield threw two interceptions that contributed to a 34-point blitz that made this game a lot more lopsided than the final score.
It may have been a costly loss, as well—Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans left the loss with a hamstring injury that leaves his Week 8 status in doubt, and fellow wideout Chris Godwin left the game late on a cart with his leg in an air cast.
Analyst's Take
Monday's loss was a microcosm of everything that's right and wrong with the Buccaneers. Mayfield continues playing at a high level—but turnovers are becoming a significant issue. The defense was shredded by Lamar Jackson, Derrick Henry and the Ravens on the ground and through the air. The bigger story may well be in the injuries at wide receiver. Godwin is believed to have suffered a dislocated ankle, and Evans could miss time after re-aggravating his hammy. The loss of both for a prolonged period could shift the balance of power in the NFC South. -- Davenport
Last Week: 14
Week 7 Result: Bye Week
Had you told the Chicago Bears that they would hit their bye week at 4-2, theu likely would have smiled wryly and said, "Yeah. Sure."
But here the Bears sit. The team has played solid defense, ranking sixth in the league in yards allowed per game. And rookie quarterback Caleb Williams has improved steadily as the season has progressed. In Week 6, Williams completed a season-high 79.3 percent of his passes and tossed four touchdown passes in a blowout win over the Jacksonville Jaguars. His passer rating has topped 120 in each of his last two games.
Head coach Matt Eberflus told reporters that while he's proud of what his team has accomplished, there's still a lot of work to do.
"I think we are in a good spot, I really do," Eberflus said. "I think we have got a lot of improvement to do. But for the first six games, I think we are in a good spot, and we have to get our minds and our bodies and everything right to go on to these next six games, starting with the first one."
Analyst's Take
Williams and the Bears have exceeded expectations. They appear to be a team that can stay in a highly competitive NFC North for the long haul.
The defense has been solid. The offensive line has been better than expected. And with each passing week, Williams looks more and more comfortable running the offense.
The Bears have been searching for a franchise quarterback for decades. From all indications, they finally found one. -- Davenport
Last Week: 12
Week 7 Result: Won at New York Giants 28-3
The Philadelphia Eagles entered Week 7 with a winning record, but they hadn't posted an emphatic, decisive victory this season.
Well, Philly dropped a piano on the floundering New York Giants on Sunday. Former Giant Saquon Barkley did most of the damage.
Barkley shredded the G-Men for 176 rushing yards on only 17 carries and found the end zone. The 27-year-old told reporters after the game that while he heard the boos at MetLife Stadium, there's no ill will between him and his former team.
"(Eagles general manager) Howie (Roseman) took a chance on me, the whole organization took a chance on me," Barkley said, "and I'm thankful for it. Stuff like that means a lot to me. That's why there's no hate in my heart with the Giants organization. They drafted me, brought me in, helped a kid live his dream, and same thing with the Eagles. … I was able to find a home in a place I love and I'm excited to be here. It's not about proving anybody right or proving anybody wrong. Just going out there be myself."
That may all be true. But a listless Eagles team needed to make a statement.
Barkley made one against his old team.
Analyst's Take
As many expected, the Eagles crushed the Giants. Barkley ran all over and through his former team. With that said, head coach Nick Sirianni needs to be on his best behavior after getting into a shouting match with fans on the sideline two weeks ago.
Skeptics will point to Sirianni's fiery temperament as a reason why this team cannot be trusted in high-pressure situations this year. The Eagles can only downplay it by winning more games. -- Moton
Last Week: 10
Week 7 Result: Won vs. Carolina 40-7
It's rare for a team to drop a 40-burger on an opponent in a blowout win and leave its fanbase feeling queasy. But until Jayden Daniels is off the sideline and back under center, Commanders fans are going to be nervous about the young quarterback.
Daniels left Sunday's win over the Carolina Panthers with a rib injury. He went to the locker room for X-rays and then spent the rest of the game chatting with teammates on the bench.
Head coach Dan Quinn told the media afterward that Daniels would have more tests Monday, but he wasn't interested in discussing the electric rookie's status for Sunday's battle with the 4-2 Chicago Bears.
"We warmed him up, he threw some, we took him to the tent and the next step was, 'We're going to take you inside and get images there,'" Quinn said. "And he'll do some more images tomorrow. We won't put (Daniels) or any other guys into a space where they could jeopardize something. I don't have any information medically, so please don't speculate on that."
Given how well backup Marcus Mariota played against Carolina, the smart money would be on Daniels getting a week to rest if the Commanders weren't facing the Chicago Bears and No. 1 overall pick Caleb Williams.
But with the Eagles right on the heels of the surprising Commanders in the NFC East, Quinn and the team has a tricky situation to navigate in the week to come.
Analyst's Take
A 40-7 victory by the Commanders almost felt like a loss when Daniels left the field with a rib injury. Daniels didn't return to the lineup, though he did spend the second half of the game on the sideline and in good spirits. Mariota held down the fort and kept Kliff Kingsbury's offense rolling.
Daniels has the inside track to become this season's NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year. But the Commanders need to be careful anytime an injury occurs. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 11
Week 7 Result: Won vs. New York Jets 37-15
When Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin made the switch from Justin Fields to Russell Wilson at quarterback despite a 4-2 start, he raised more than a few eyebrows.
But for now, those who criticized Tomlin's decision are dining on crow. Pittsburgh played its best all-around game of the season Sunday night, blasting the Jets in a game where Wilson threw for 264 yards and a pair of touchdowns.
After the victory, Wilson told reporters that he believes the Steelers still have plenty of room to improve.
"We're just right on that edge of getting really good and being great," Wilson said. "We've got to keep searching for that edge, learning and studying and spending the time on it. We're doing some good things, and the reality is that there's so much more out there and we'll get better as we go. We'll keep working but to be where we are in a good place."
That should scare the rest of the AFC. The Steelers team we saw in Week 7 looks the part of a legitimate Super Bowl contender.
Analyst's Take
The Steelers could have continued with Fields as their starting quarterback while grinding out games. Instead, Tomlin decided to be the "Lone Ranger" and switched to Wilson, which worked exceedingly well. In fact, Wilson set a franchise record with 264 passing yards in his Steelers debut.
At the most basic level, the Steelers offense looked competent. The ability to execute wasn't so hard on every snap. Wilson placed his teammates in a position to make plays, and they did. It's really as simple as that. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 4
Week 7 Result: Lost at Green Bay 24-22
The Houston Texans have been one of the AFC's hottest teams, in large part because C.J. Stroud has been one of the hottest quarterbacks.
The Texans came up just short in Green Bay on Sunday, and it's not hard to see why. Stroud went 10-of-21 for a career-low 86 passing yards and zero touchdowns.
After the loss, Texans head coach DeMeco Ryans told reporters that his team just wasn't good enough through the air in Week 7.
"Obviously, we didn't pass the ball well all day," he said. "So, it wasn't good all the way around. We ran the ball well. I thought Joe (Mixon) did a good job running the ball. We needed to pass it. It was not good enough, starting with the protection. If we can't protect, then that's going to be difficult for the quarterback to make the plays."
Ryans had a point. Stroud was pressured on over half his dropbacks Sunday and got sacked four times.
When you tally less than 200 yards of offense, you aren't winning many games in the NFL.
Analyst's Take
Until wideout Nico Collins returns, Houston will run the Joe Mixon show on offense. Mixon has 217 rushing yards and four total touchdowns over the last two weeks in Collins' absence.
Though Mixon is a Pro Bowler-caliber playmaker, the Texans need Collins to balance their offense and open up space for wideouts Tank Dell and Stefon Diggs downfield. In the loss to Green Bay, Stroud had the worst day in his NFL career to date. -- Moton
Last Week: 7
Week 7 Result: Won vs. Tennessee 34-10
The Buffalo Bills made a splash move last week, trading for wide receiver Amari Cooper in an effort to give their inconsistent offense a boost.
Cooper's arrival wasn't the sole reason why the Bills thrashed a bad Tennessee Titans team. But the veteran scored a touchdown in his first game with the team, and Josh Allen threw for a season-high 323 yards.
Allen talked up his new No. 1 receiver while speaking to the media after the game.
"Any time you have a player of his caliber, he demands extra attention. If you don't, we're probably going to throw him the ball," Allen said. "But our guys did a good job of getting open, making plays."
The effort wasn't flawless. The Bills were sluggish in the first half and actually trailed Tennessee 10-0. But by game's end, the Bills looked like what so many expected entering the season—one of the best teams in the AFC.
Analyst's Take
I'll give the Bills a ton of credit for the Cooper trade. While he's only signed through the end of the season, he has a team-friendly salary that will leave Buffalo with enough financial flexibility to make another trade-deadline addition if necessary.
At this point, I'm not sure why Buffalo wouldn't be all-in on making a 2024 run. Allen continues to limit mistakes, and with Cooper in the mix, the Bills appear to have a surplus of playmakers. Their defense, while not great, plays extremely spirited football. We're still waiting for that "signature" win, but Buffalo has the pieces needed to make a serious run. -- Knox
Last Week: 6
Week 7 Result: Won vs. Houston 24-22
There are certain games that teams look back on in December and January—wins that help propel teams on deep playoff runs.
Sunday's victory over the Houston Texans could be such a win for the Green Bay Packers.
It wasn't a spotless effort offensively. The Packers didn't have a ton of success running the ball, and quarterback Jordan Love threw a pair of interceptions. But Green Bay's defense put the clamps on the Houston passing attack, and a late Brandon McManus field goal kept Green Bay hot on the heels of the Lions and Vikings in the ultra-competitive NFC North.
After the win, Love applauded Green Bay's ability to close out a game in which they didn't play their best while speaking to reporters.
"It wasn't perfect, definitely was not perfect," he told reporters. "A lot of mistakes. But we found a way to win, and that's what it's all about."
Analyst's Take
Against the Texans, the Packers showed how a high-level quarterback can overcome a sloppy performance. Green Bay turned the ball over three times, and Houston scored nine points off those takeaways.
Yet Love put the Packers in a position to kick the game-winning field goal in a close matchup. He made up for his two turnovers and showcased his clutch gene to help Green Bay get a quality victory.
With Love, the Packers have a wide margin for error. -- Moton
Last Week: 5
Week 7 Results: Won at Tampa Bay 41-31
There was good news and bad news for the Baltimore Ravens in Tampa in Week 7.
The best news, of course, was a 10-point win over a good Buccaneers team that helps the Ravens keep pace with the Pittsburgh Steelers atop the AFC North. The Ravens rolled offensively in the game. Lamar Jackson threw for 281 yards and five touchdowns. Running back Derrick Henry had another monstrous game, gaining 182 total yards and scoring on a touchdown catch. All told, the Ravens amassed a whopping 508 yards of offense.
The bad news is that Baltimore's defense surrendered over 480 yards in its own right. The NFL's top run defense entering the week had an off game by their standards, allowing 125 yards. But it was Baltimore's leaky pass defense that was again an issue—Baker Mayfield threw for 370 yards in the loss, and Ravens cornerback Marlon Humphrey left the game with a knee injury.
Analyst's Take
Derrick Henry has obviously added a new dynamic to the Ravens offense, but the strides the passing game has made under second-year coordinator Todd Monken has been equally impressive. Lamar Jackson is again playing at a near-MVP level, and the league's most dynamic offense can take Baltimore far in the postseason.
My big concern with Baltimore is a pass defense that has been among the league's worst—one that watched Marlon Humphrey exit with a knee injury on Monday night. I'd love to see the Ravens acquire a high-end defensive back or pass-rusher at the trade deadline, but they've proven themselves to be one of the top teams in the conference. Of course, what matters is whether Jackson and Co. can prove themselves in the postseason. -- Knox
Last Week: 2
Week 7 Result: Lost vs. Detroit 31-29
The Minnesota Vikings rolled into Week 7 as the NFC's lone undefeated team largely because they had avoided making mistakes and had been opportunistic on defense.
The latter carried over into their big matchup with the Detroit Lions, as an Ivan Pace Jr. fumble return for a touchdown gave the team a late lead. But the two-point conversion attempt that would have given Minnesota a three-point cushion was unsuccessful. Sam Darnold forced an ill-advised pass to wideout Jordan Addison that was intercepted. Minnesota was also 4-of-10 on third down and committed eight penalties.
None of those mistakes in and of themselves cost the Vikings the game. But they added up to a two-point loss, and head coach Kevin O' Connell told reporters that the team needs to clean things up to get back on the winning track.
"It's these little self-inflicted [wounds], whether it's a formation or hold or pre-snap infraction. I've got to get that stuff fixed," O'Connell said. "When you're trying to win at the level we're trying to win against anybody we play, we can't do anything to help give football teams an out. We just need to worry about all 11 guys executing the play pre- and post-snap with great detail in all three phases, and I am just going to keep pushing this team every single day to try to do that".
Analyst's Take
Despite Sunday's loss to the Lions, the Vikings didn't look out of place among the NFC's best. Yes, Minnesota has its first loss on its record. That's OK. No one expected the Vikings to go undefeated. In fact, most didn't expect them to start the season 5-1, particularly with Sam Darnold leading the way.
But Darnold and the team didn't look out of place against the Lions. Instead, Minnesota played well enough at points to have won the game. The Vikings came up just short, yet they showed that they very much belong among this year's top contenders. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 3
Week 7 Result: Won at Minnesota 31-29
Sunday's meeting between the one-loss Detroit Lions and the undefeated Minnesota Vikings was arguably Week 7's biggest game, and it didn't disappoint. The back-and-forth, exciting affair went down the wire before culminating in a two-point Lions victory.
The Lions rode 116 rushing yards and two touchdowns from Jahmyr Gibbs and another excellent performance from quarterback Jared Goff to a win that gives them the lead in the NFC North and claim to the title of the conference's best team. Head coach Dan Campbell told reporters that it was simply a matter of the Lions executing the game plan in all three facets and making plays when it mattered most.
"We talked about patience, keeping your composure, communication and an attitude, and our guys did that," Campbell said. "We didn't bat an eye when things appeared to start going a little south."
A Detroit defense that lost edge-rusher Aidan Hutchinson to a season-ending leg injury last week stepped up as well. The Vikings were just 4-for-10 on third down, and Sam Darnold was sacked four times, including one that sealed the win.
Offense. Defense. Special teams. The Lions are talented. Balanced. And absolutely for real. 
They are also short-handed--at least in the short-term. Wide receiver Jameson Williams will miss the next two games after being suspended for violating the NFL's Performance-Enhancing Substances Policy.
Analyst's Take
Hutchinson's broken leg didn't prove to be as crippling to Detroit's season as initially anticipated. The Lions still showed they're the team to beat in the NFC with Sunday's victory over the previously undefeated Vikings.
With Hutchinson out, Detroit now has a different defensive centerpiece in second-year safety Brian Branch. The Alabama product had two pass breakups and an interception (not including a scoop-and-score that was called back). The Lions are deep and talented. -- Sobleski
Last Week: 1
Week 7 Result: Won at San Francisco 28-18
And then there was one.
After taking care of an injury-ravaged San Francisco 49ers team in a rematch of Super Bowl LVIII, the Kansas City Chiefs are the only undefeated team left in the NFL.
The Chiefs continue finding different ways to win. In this contest, Patrick Mahomes threw for only 154 yards and tossed a pair of interceptions. But running back Kareem Hunt found the end zone twice, and the Kansas City defense stepped up, allowing only 310 yards of offense and forcing three turnovers.
While addressing the media, Mahomes talked up the players around him and Kansas City's ability to keep stacking wins even when he's not playing at his best.
"There's been a lot of turnovers, especially by me," he said. "I think it's just showing the versatility of our team. It's not just about me, it's not just about the stats and the light show and stuff like that. It's about playing team football and I believe if we continue to work, we'll get better offensively throwing the ball down the field. But until then, it's nice to know that we have a great running game, we've got a great defense and we're able to execute whenever the time comes to win football games."
The team also took steps to improve the passing attack this week, sending a conditional draft pick to the Tennessee Titans for wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins.
Analyst's Take
Kansas City's ability to adapt and overcome is truly impressive. We certainly didn't expect the Chiefs to be relying on the likes of Hunt and Noah Gray when the season began, but here we are. The defense is awesome. Patrick Mahomes is still Patrick Mahomes, and Kansas City remains the team to beat.
The big question is whether Andy Reid can continue patching together an offense through another Super Bowl run—and I fully expect Kansas City to pursue a receiver before the Nov. 5 trade deadline. For now, though, I have to keep the Chiefs in the top spot. -- Knox