STAFF FILE PHOTO 
					STAFF FILE PHOTO
 By SCOTT MERZBACH
 Staff Writer

 Staff Writer

Contractors for the $4.47 million renovation of the track and field at Amherst Regional High School are expected to be sought beginning in January, when bids are posted, with construction on schedule to start in summer 2025.
The Town Council at its Dec. 2 meeting referred an $800,000 request for money from the Community Preservation Act account to the Finance Committee for a recommendation, after previously committing $957,500 from the same account. The CPA will get the project most of the way toward the full costs.
“I think it’s a terrific project that serves all four of the towns, not just the students and athletes and coaches, but those people who just go out and use the track,” said Council President Lynn Griesemer.
Assistant Town Manager David Ziomek said significant progress has been made by SLR Consulting of Agawam since the last design, and reviews are underway by the Design Review Board, the Disability Access Advisory Committee, the Conservation Commission and the Planning Board.
Amherst officials also are securing an additional $99,000 in CPA funding from Pelham, $136,000 in CPA funding from Shutesbury and are asking for $176,000 in CPA funding from Leverett at its annual Town Meeting next spring. “We’ve really appreciated all the partnerships in moving this project forward,” Ziomek said.
The plans call for a north-south orientation, with eight lanes and a grass interior field that can be used for soccer, football, field hockey, lacrosse and ultimate. The project will create a similar size field to the west of the main facility.
At-Large Councilor Mandi Jo Hanneke asked what happens to money that may not be needed, as well as whether Ziomek and Bob Pereint, the town’s special projects coordinator, are being compensated by the school district for their work on the project.
Ziomek said he took on the project because of the administrative challenges at the schools over the past 18 months. “We are trying to move the project forward for the community,” Ziomek said.
Article continues after...
Cross|Word
Flipart
Typeshift 
SpellTower
Really Bad Chess
A formal contract between the town and school district, related to maintenance of the new facility, will be signed once the project is complete.
A makers and artisans market and horse-drawn carriage rides will be part of the third annual Holiday Sip ‘n Shop Stroll in downtown Amherst, taking place Dec. 19 from 5 to 9 p.m.
During the evening, both The Drake, at 44 North Pleasant St., and the lobby at CAIA Association, at 11 Amity St., will host the market.
Boutique shopping will take place at some stores downtown, restaurants will offer dining with special holiday fixed-price menus and people can hop onto the carriages to get around.
Amherst Community Band’s Holiday Concert is set for Saturday at 6 p.m. at the parish center at St. Brigid’s Church, at 122 North Pleasant St.
Those attending the concert should enter the building through its North Prospect Street entrance.
The Public Shade Tree Committee is putting on a tree protection workday Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon at Pulpit Hill Co-Housing on Pulpit Hill Road.
The public is invited to see ways to make gates to protect trees from lawn mowers, line trimmers and wildlife.
Second Saturday tree plantings by the committee will resume in April.
The Amherst Historical Commission is expected to write a letter in support of a $210,000 request from the Jewish Community of Amherst to repair stained glass windows at its 742 Main St. building.
The windows, which date to the 1894 renovation of the building, feature geometric shapes and flowers, rather than religious iconography, and the names of the Dickinson and Hastings families, as well as Deacon Justin Hawley. Maintaining the windows was a condition of the Jewish Community’s purchase of the building from the Second Congregational Church in 1976.
JCA Executive Director Keren Rhodes told the commission that the windows could deteriorate further without the money. “We’d rather restore them than reconstruct them from shattered glass,” Rhodes said.
Rhodes said the work is also about maintaining a sacred space. “I think we’ve done a pretty good job of that over the years, and now we need some help from the town,” she said.
Hampshire College recently announced its Hometown Aid Program, a new plan to meet the full demonstrated financial need of students who are applying from western Massachusetts, including those from secondary schools, as well as homeschool, unschool and no school cultures.
The program’s offer applies to students from Franklin, Hampshire, Hampden and Berkshire Counties. Local residents admitted to Hampshire who submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid will have their full demonstrated financial need met by the college. This aid award may include a merit-based scholarship, need-based grant, federal aid and state aid.
05-02-2025 7:01 AM
05-01-2025 9:22 PM
05-01-2025 2:06 PM
05-01-2025 2:02 PM


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Accessibility



Social Media
• 
Facebook
• 
X
• 
Youtube
• 
Instagram

By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies to personalize your experience, measure ads and monitor how our site works to improve it for our users
Copyright © 2016 to 2025 by H.S. Gere & Sons, Inc. All rights reserved.