By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

Fresh off of his war of words with Drake, Kendrick Lamar has announced a one-time show in Los Angeles on June 19, otherwise known as Juneteenth.

	The event, entitled The Pop Out — Ken and Friends, will be presented by pgLang and Free Lunch. Presale tickets for the concert at the Kia Forum will be available on Thursday at 10 a.m. PT via the Cash App Card, while general on-sale starts Friday at 10 a.m. PT on Ticketmaster.com. Resale tickets are also available on sites such as Stubhub, VividSeats and SeatGeek. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					'The Equalizer' Canceled After Five Seasons at CBS		
			








	Lamar himself announced the all-ages event on his social media profiles, posting an image of a license plate that detailed the show. Ken and Friends will begin at 4 p.m. PT.




			Popular on Variety		






	Of course, “The Pop Out” is a reference to a lyric from Lamar’s “Not Like Us,” where he raps, “Sometimes you gotta pop out and show n—s / Certified boogeyman, I’m the one that up the score with ’em.” The song was a diss directed at Drake that released a month ago and has continued on to scale the top of the charts, arguably becoming the most successful of the songs released between Drake and Lamar.

	Throughout the battle, the two rappers went at each other’s physical appearances, lobbed accusations of pedophilia and made claims of hidden children. It ended with Drake’s “The Heart Part 6,” a play on Lamar’s long-running song series of the same name, and showed that Drake was tiring of the beef between them.

Drake recently made a reference to the battle with a verse on Sexyy Red’s “U My Everything,” where he rapped over producer Metro Boomin’s diss beat “BBL Drizzy.” Metro helped facilitate the start of the beef with Lamar’s appearance on his song “Like That,” a collaboration with Future that came out in March.
The Business of Entertainment