Using data from crime statistics on mt.gov, we have calculated the counties with the fewest violent crimes per 100,000 people. 
A memorial service for West Yellowstone police Officer Ashlee Stoneburner will be 11 a.m. Tuesday at West Yellowstone High School.
Police invite and encourage the public to attend the services at 411 N. Geyser St.
West Yellowstone Police Officer Ashlee Stoneburner
The Madison County Sheriff's Office said Saturday on Facebook the death occurred on Christmas Eve near the Ruby Creek area south of Cameron. Madison County dispatchers received a request for assistance in locating a missing person.
The person was found and it was determined that Stoneburner had taken her own life, Madison County officials said.
West Yellowstone police announced Stoneburner’s death on Dec. 25. She was 26.
“Officer Stoneburner was a dedicated member of our department and community, and her loss has left a profound impact on all who knew her,” West Yellowstone police said on Facebook.
“Ashlee’s death is a tragedy and serves as a reminder that all officers are human, face many challenges, including mental health struggles like depression,” police said.
They noted that mental health stigmas in communities – and especially within the law enforcement profession – need to be addressed with compassion, understanding and resources.
“Please join us in remembering Ashlee and her unwavering commitment by supporting her family, friends, and fellow officers during this difficult time,” police said.
Stoneburner's family has requested that, in lieu of flowers, donations be made to bluehelp.org, an organization dedicated to supporting law enforcement officers and their families who are affected by trauma and loss.
West Yellowstone police and the Madison County Sheriff’s Office reminded the public about the 988 suicide and crisis hotline.
The West Yellowstone Police Department is staffed by 13 people including the chief of police and five police officers.
Assistant editor Phil Drake can be reached at 406-231-9021.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Assistant editor/reporter
Using data from crime statistics on mt.gov, we have calculated the counties with the fewest violent crimes per 100,000 people. 
If found guilty of the charges, Michael Elijah Allen could face 10 years for each of the embezzlement counts and 20 years for money laundering…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.