Six quarterbacks were drafted in the first round of the 2024 NFL draft, and they are all off to struggling starts.
One statistic stands out when looking at how the six first-rounders have done: None of the rookie quarterback has thrown a touchdown through two games this season.
To be fair, only three of them have played in a game so far—the Chicago Bears' Caleb Williams, Washington Commanders' Jayden Daniels and Denver Broncos' Bo Nix. 
Daniels won his first NFL game this past weekend, but the Commanders did so by making seven field goals. Daniels threw zero touchdown passes. Williams struggled over the weekend, throwing two interceptions and still no touchdown passes. Similarly, Nix has thrown four interceptions already, two in each game, without a touchdown.
New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye and Atlanta Falcons signal-caller Michael Penix Jr. are backups for their respective teams, so they haven't been given a chance to throw a touchdown. Minnesota Vikings first-rounder J.J. McCarthy was supposed to battle to be the team's starter, but he is out for the season with a torn meniscus and never got to appear in a regular season game.
The rookie quarterbacks still have plenty of opportunities to prove themselves as offensive stars as it's very early in the season. Williams and the Bears will face the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday, Nix and the Broncos will play the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, while Daniels and the Commanders will play on Monday Night Football against the Cincinnati Bengals.
The question now is, who will be the first rookie quarterback to throw a touchdown pass this season?
feed
Madison Williams is a staff writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated, where she specializes in tennis but covers a wide range of sports from a national perspective. Before joining SI in 2022, Williams  worked at The Sporting News. Having graduated from Augustana College, she completed a master’s in sports media at Northwestern University. She is a dog mom and an avid reader.
Follow madisonwsports
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.