We are just three weeks away from the start of the 2024 regular season, and although the Patriots aren't expected to win many games this fall, some parts of the roster are bringing more concerns than optimism. The most problematic of all continues to be the offensive line, which had appeared to be a slight priority in free agency and the draft.
Despite that, it doesn't appear as though all the right moves were made to ensure Jacoby Brissett and Drake Maye were put in the best position to succeed behind them. 
Jerod Mayo has been experimenting with different lineups, including having Michael Onwenu play right guard instead of right tackle. But we have yet to see a stout group that will keep the quarterbacks upright.
Even with that clear evidence shown on the practice field and during the team's two preseason games, Eliot Wolf stated they feel comfortable with the state of the roster while speaking to reporters on Saturday morning. 
While it's understandable that the executive vice president of player personnel would want to hype up his team, as the man signing players, speaking with the coaching staff, and watching practices/games, the seeming lack of awareness is concerning.
One of the consistently worst parts of practice for the Patriots this summer has surrounded the offensive line and their lack of protection on the quarterback, which became even more apparent when the Eagles came to town for a joint practice last week. Their defense was credited with double-digit sacks, which doesn't bode well for the Patriots' offense's chances this fall.
Despite the plethora of evidence to the contrary, Wolf stated the staff are excited about the group and believe all that remains is trying to figure out the right combination to be the most successful.
Eliot Wolf on the #Patriots’ current roster, specifically their offensive line, being able to support a QB:“We’re concerned about every position. We’re always looking to improve and get things good… it’s not like if Jacoby (Brissett) is the quarterback, we just want to throw… pic.twitter.com/9vbAymkWFE
If only it were really that simple.
The Patriots' biggest hurdle remains Trent Brown's departure at left tackle, which raises questions about their lack of prioritization of the position in the draft. Despite the selection of Caedan Wallace and Layden Robinson and the addition of Chukwuma Okorafor in free agency, it hasn't proven to be enough to get the line to where it needs to be.
There are a few options remaining, and a few interesting names are still looking for a team to play for this upcoming season, so perhaps the Patriots will take that route. 
Otherwise, the idea of Drake Maye being named the starter at any point will be a lot more worrisome, and Brissett's chances of being a solid player will be far from guaranteed.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.