After witnessing the stylish women of the WNBA draft slay on the red carpet, it was time to turn our attention to the fashion fest that was the NFL Draft and its biggest stars Caleb Williams, Marvin Harrison Jr., Malik Naber, J.J. McCarthy, Drake Maye, and Jayden Daniels. Showing that sport is enjoying a love affair with fashion, the newly drafted NFL picks upped the glamour and bought plenty of bling, bright colors, and personal fashion statements for the biggest night of our lives.
And while we weren't surprised by their sizzling designer outfits, we were a little taken aback by the arrival of Caleb Williams. The USC star quarterback— looking sleek in a customed navy zip-up suit by Chrome Hearts — was recruited by the Chicago Bears and hit the red carpet alongside his mother Dayne Price and a mystery girlfriend. Wait, we all thought Williams was still dating his high school sweetheart Valery Orellana who we told you all about in our article here.
Yet Williams's new girlfriend has been identified as Alina Thyregod. The stunning blonde was all smiles on William's arm as the duo hit the NFL Draft red carpet in matching outfits. Thyregod wore a glittering sheer silver floor-length dress which she accessorized with a chic updo and silver heels. Williams meanwhile went viral for his outfit and fingernails, which were painted navy to match his suit apart from his two silver pinky fingers that were painted silver to complement its silver accents and his girlfriend's dress. Painted nails are a tradition of William's, he does it to honor his manicurist mother. Describing his fit to a reporter, Williams hailed his look "Classy, unique, one of one."
Draft day
It was the first public appearance for Williams and new girlfriend Thyregod, although she did share a TikTok video of the pair back in January— her in a bikini and him in swimshorts goofing around as he attempts to jump on her back and almost topples her over.
In a post on X Williams confirmed his new GF would be attending the draft in Detroit. "Wait till yall see draft day suit and my ladies dress," he wrote. "1 of 1s." Thyregod also posted a video of the pair getting red carpet-ready ahead of the NFL Draft and the couple were seen leaving their hotel together to attend the event. When Williams' name was called, Thyregod let his mother hug him first before wrapping her arms around him for a warm embrace. She then took to Instagram Stories, to share some behind-the-scenes of the night, posing with a friend in Bears caps and writing, "Go bearssss!"
Not a lot is known about Alina Thyregod, but she is on TikTok and Instagram (which is private), although Williams did say on the Pivot Podcast a week before the NFL Draft Caleb that she is someone he's known for six years. "She is from Europe, Danish. She moved from DC because her dad had a job in DC," Williams shared, adding that he met her at the end of his tenure. "We dated a little bit. Then we ended it."Kept in strong communication throughout four years. We're back dating again".
A post shared by instagram
After Williams' was officially picked up by the Chicago Bears, fans flooded their social media "Congrats queen," said one. "Welcome to the bears fam," another wrote. And a third commented on her style. "That dressssss His smileeeeee Congrats."
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved