Rapper Lil Wayne was born and raised in New Orleans. Some fans feel the artist was snubbed for the city's 2025 Halftime Super Bowl performance.   (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee)AP
Kendrick Lamar is continuing his rap-world victory lap after securing the prestigious title of 2025 Super Bowl Halftime Show performer. 
Sure, the announcement is probably a slap in the face to Drake (who recently “lost” a months-long rap battle to Lamar, according to the court of public opinion), but there’s another prominent rapper who may be feeling stung: New Orleans native Lil Wayne. 
Lil Wayne’s manager, Fabian Marasciullo, reacted to the news via Instagram story: “Confused. Disappointed. Angry. But most of all, inspired. Will never again have the (goat) in a position where we are at the mercy of someone else’s decision. We will make the decisions.”
Lil Wayne’s manager speaks out after Super Bowl announced Kendrick as the 2025 performer at the Super Bowl pic.twitter.com/LScjN5ELt9
Several artists chimed into the discussion on social media, agreeing that the hometown hero deserved the spotlight instead.
Music mogul Master P, who was recently named “entertainment ambassador” of New Orleans, called Kendrick Lamar’s spot “well deserved,” but agreed that Lil Wayne should have been included.
“He’s one of the greatest (Hip) Hop artists alive, still relevant and he’s a New Orleans native. Let’s not miss this cultural moment in the South,” Master P wrote on Instagram. “Life is too short! We have to give our legends their flowers while they are here.
In a newly-released podcast episode of “It Is What It Is,” artists Cam’ron and Mase speculated that the snub traces back to a years-old rivalry.
Jay-Z, who co-produces the NFL’s Super Bowl Halftime Show, has a complicated history with Lil Wayne. 
“It’s not really a secret, Lil Wayne had a problem with somebody before who’s kind of part of the organization running it. This is payback,” said Cam’ron. “Lil Wayne not to be performing in New Orleans for the Super Bowl is egregious and it’s gotta stop.”
Camron & Mase react to Kendrick Lamar performing at the 2025 superbowl instead of Lil Wayne on "it is what it is" pic.twitter.com/p1b5ZC4z8V
It’s not the first time a New Orleans’ Halftime performance has gone to an out-of-towner.
At the most recent Superdome Super Bowl in 2013, Houston-born Beyoncé performed. Before that, in 2002, the honor went to rock band U2 — and they’re from Ireland.
If you still want to watch Kendrick Lamar perform, be prepared for a case of sticker shock. Tickets to the Super Bowl LIX start at $5,000 and up on StubHub.com. The game kick offs on Sunday, Feb. 9, 2025 at 5:30 p.m. CDT. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices