A music project in Thetford ends with public celebrations this Sunday.


  North-East based chamber orchestra, Britten Sinfonia, has been resident in Thetford for five months, interacting with various community groups in live music-making.


  The project has left a legacy of local music groups who are set to work together in the future.


  A series of events will take place on March 17 at The Carnegie to conclude the project.


The concert will feature new songs from the workshop which nurseries, schools and community groups have helped to write   (Image: Submitted)


  Britten Sinfonia’s director of learning and participation, Chris Bell, said: “This residency has been embraced by many local partners who have contributed greatly to the project – not only the venues and the groups who will be performing on stage, but also Inspiration Trust, which aims to raise the aspirations of school pupils across Norfolk and Suffolk, Ancient House Museum and Thetford and District Dementia Support."


  Britten Sinfonia musicians visited four nurseries and worked with school pupils at Thetford Academy and Diamond Academy, as well as with members of the local community at Cloverfield Community Church and Ancient House Museum.


  They also worked with Bury Friendly Orchestra and Thetford Singers


  These different partnerships and strands of the project unite for the upcoming day of events.


  Conductor of Bury Friendly Orchestra and musical director of Thetford Singers, Chris Parsons, said: “It is such a privilege to be working with Britten Sinfonia on this fantastic project.


  "The Bury Friendly Orchestra have thoroughly enjoyed working closely with Britten Sinfonia players and the coaching the orchestra has received has been invaluable.


Pupils from Thetford Academy and Drake Primary School in a coaching session   (Image: Submitted)


  "For both Thetford Singers and Bury Friendly Orchestra, to have the opportunity to perform with world-class players is not something that comes along every day.


  "Projects like this are so important to keep leisure time music thriving and we are incredibly grateful.


  "I know that all the members involved are greatly looking forward to it.”


  Tickets and information for all of the performances can be found at: https://www.brittensinfonia.com/events/thetford-residency-finale


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.