Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Red Sox Vs. Twins Lineups: Minor Changes After Triston Casas Injury
Red Sox Place Triston Casas On Injured List, Call Up Replacement
Red Sox Reportedly Have 'No Plans' To Follow Popular Theory
Four External Red Sox First Base Options After Triston Casas Injury
Patriots quarterback Drake Maye likely isn’t interested in remembering Saturday’s loss to the Los Angeles Chargers.
Maye perhaps had his most frustrating game since joining New England, leading an offense that looked lost throughout the majority of the game. It’s not like he was able to get out unscathed, either, as he missed time early in the contest while undergoing concussion testing at Gillette Stadium.
Maye did later receive some positive words of encouragement, though.
“He’s obviously very talented,” Chargers quarterback Justin Herbert said postgame, per team-provided transcript. “He’s an incredible quarterback and I’m going to enjoy watching him for years to come.”
Maye and Herbert have long been compared to one another, so the veteran was asked if he had any advice for the rookie.
Story continues below advertisement
“I would say it’s always the next play mentality. Especially my rookie year, we struggled. It was tough. It made me who I am today,” Herbert said. “As long as you’re playing the next play, it’s all about that. Whether I throw an incompletion, interception, I can’t let that last play affect my next one. And those guys in the locker room, in the huddle especially, they require my best effort. As long as I do that I can hold my head up high.”
The Patriots would be thrilled if their signal-caller turned out to be anywhere near as productive as Herbert, but that won’t matter if they don’t figure things out elsewhere.
Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Featured image via Gregory Fisher/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network