Photo: Getty Images
Drake took plenty of shots at Metro Boomin during the course of his beef with Kendrick Lamar, but Young Metro found a way to get back at him in his own way. In the early hours of Sunday, May 5, the superproducer took to X, formerly known as Twitter, to fire a series of retaliatory posts against the Toronto native. After calling him "#zestyman" and providing proof of The Boy's attempt to halt "Like That," the St. Louis-born beatmaker uploaded fresh instrumentals inspired by his hatred for Drake. In addition to his free beat, Metro also issued a challenge to every lyricist in the world. 
"Best verse over this gets a free beat just upload your song and hashtag #bbldrizzybeatgiveaway," Metro wrote. The groundbreaking diss beat, which is known as "BBL Drizzy," clocks in at 150 BPM and features a sample by King Willonius that mocks the 37-year-old rapper with a nickname Rick Ross came up with on his diss track "Champagne Moments." Metro said the winner of the challenge gets a free beat from him, and plenty of people took him up on his offer. He inspired thousands of aspiring artists to drop verses that shade Drake in various ways. After all the submissions, Drake himself seemingly responded in an Instagram comment. "You just cheffed a beat about my a**?" Drake wrote in a post by DJ Akademiks. Metro Boomin's challenge came two days after Drake mentioned him again in his diss track to Kendrick Lamar "Family Matters." On the song, Drake calls out Metro by his government name, called him lame and blamed him for inspiring his rap beef between Future, K Dot and the rest. "Pluto s**t make me sick to my stomach, we ain't never really been through it/Leland Wayne, he a fuckin' lame, so I know he had to be an influence," Drake spits. "These n***as had a plan and they finally found a way to rope you into it/Two separate albums dissin', I just did a Kim to it, n***a, skim through it." Drake previously dissed Metro in "Push Ups" by saying “Metro shut your ho* a** up and make some drums, n***a.” And that's exactly what Metro did. Scroll below to check out some of the submissions to the producer's #BBLDrizzyBeatGiveaway below. WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE