The Patriots receiving corps was labeled the worst group in the entire NFL, with expectations for the 2024 season to match. Because they missed out on Calvin Ridley in free agency and trade for Brandon Aiyuk, the only new members of the roster were K.J. Osborn, who has already been released, and rookies Ja'Lynn Polk and Javon Baker, both of whom have failed to become integral parts of the offense thus far.
That inevitably put a lot of pressure on DeMario Douglas as the leading receiver, especially with Kendrick Bourne out at the beginning of the season and the tight ends. 
It took a while for things to click with Jacoby Brissett or Drake Maye under center, but once it did, we started to see the production of Douglas from his rookie season, with an unexpected player joining him atop the receivers list.
Not much was said during the offseason about second-year player Kayshon Boutte since he underwhelmed in 2023 and took a backseat to the rookies during training camp. Fortunately, he has become one of the stars of this year and has built chemistry with Maye, which might mean he has locked down a spot on the roster next season.
One of the biggest priorities for the Patriots this upcoming offseason will be to dramatically improve the entire offense and provide Maye with a solid roster to help lead the team back to their glory days, with a focus on the offensive line and wide receivers.
With the highest cap space to spend and coveted draft positioning, they will have the means to do that. Fortunately, they seem to already have a slightly better pass catcher in Boutte, who has proven to be the real deal this year.
With Hunter Henry and Douglas leading all receivers on the team, Boutte comes in third with 32/56 receptions for 444 yards and two touchdowns while averaging a team-high 13.9 yards per catch. He has been a player that Maye can lean on (for the most part) and has shown the characteristics that had previously made him a first-round prospect, and it couldn't have happened at a better time.
If he can maintain this kind of production for the last two games of the year and follow it up with a great offseason, there's no reason Boutte won't be on the 2025 roster. 
Although the Patriots are expected to make a big splash in free agency, especially for a guy like Tee Higgins, Boutte has done enough work this year to make the final roster next year and be productive when called upon. That's a crucial factor the Patriots will need to include in their decision-making during roster cuts, as putting the right players around Maye will need to be treated with the utmost importance.
Boutte can and should be one of the easiest decisions for them to make.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.