Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Everything To Know About CT Sun Before WNBA Preseason Opener
Joe Mazzulla Updates Celtics Starter's Status Against Knicks
MLB Execs Heap Massive Praise On 'Impressive' Red Sox Rookie
How Fleet Can Clinch Playoff Spot In PWHL Season Finale
It was an uneven day for the offense on Day 9 of Patriots training camp, but DeMario Douglas continued to stack positive results for himself.
The second-year wide receiver arguably is one of New England's most explosive pass-catchers, and he's been able to get it done whether it be Jacoby Brissett or Drake Maye under center.
Douglas caught 49 passes and recorded 561 receiving yards in 14 games in his rookie season, but he had one clear goal for himself this season.
"I mean y'all should know this stat: touchdown. Definitely stay healthy but get in the end zone," Douglas told reporters. "Just get better, better than I did last year."
Story continues below advertisement
Douglas didn't score a single touchdown last season but that wasn't due to a lack of trying to create opportunities for himself. He'll hope positive regression comes his way and not become a repeat of Jakobi Meyers' quest for his first touchdown.
The 23-year-old mostly has worn a red non-contact jersey throughout practice. However, he did admit he tried to sneak in a regular jersey Friday before he was forced to switch. Douglas doesn't think it's limited him in practice despite the caution from the coaching staff.
"I've been stacking up since last year. I'm getting ready for this year, for sure," Douglas said.
Head coach Jerod Mayo praised the dynamic Douglas brings to the offense, and Brissett appreciated what the receiver brings to the team regarding his competitive attitude.
Story continues below advertisement
There isn't a clear consensus on who the No. 1 receiver on the Patriots is, but Douglas made a strong case for himself with solid work through the first two weeks of training camp.
Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Featured image via Sean T. McGuire/NESN

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network