Now 
68
 Sat 
81
 Sun 
80
by Matthew Sewell | Ashley Lunningham
TOPICS:
MORRILTON, Ark. (KATV) — Stacy Drake, a murder suspect that led multiple agencies on a manhunt in Conway County, appeared in the Conway County Courthouse Friday morning.
An extradition hearing was held for Drake where he waived an extradition hearing and volunteered to go willingly with Sequoyah County Sheriff’s deputies.
Drake was transferred to the custody of Oklahoma authorities at noon on Friday from the Conway County Detention Center.
“There were actually warrants out of Oklahoma, Alabama and Fort Smith," said Tom Tatum, Prosecuting Attorney for the 15th Judicial District. "Both Fort Smith and Alabama agreed to allow him to be extradited to Oklahoma.”
He will stand trial at a later date for charges filed against him regarding the double homicide case in Oklahoma.
Currently, Drake is being charged with three counts of murder in the first degree and one count of robbery with a weapon.
All of these charges, according to an arrest warrant from the state of Oklahoma, pertain to the double homicide that resulted in the deaths of Tara Underwood and Taylor Sharp on Tuesday at Laferry's Propane in Gans, Oklahoma.
Meanwhile, Arkansas State Police (ASP) have released more information about the resources to find Drake and ultimately what led to his arrest.
“The enormous law enforcement presence in this community was a powerful deterrent, and residents were on high alert,” Colonel Mike Hagar, said.
“If we had not taken such a collaborative, safety-focused approach, I am not certain we would have had a peaceful end to this episode.”
Drake was taken into custody without incident on Thursday morningin a wooded area south of the Morrilton intersection of University Boulevard and Poor Farm Road.
According to ASP, multiple agencies assisted in the search. Here is a list of who was involved:
Drake is a convicted felon with a long list of crimes, including burglary, kidnapping, armed robbery, and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.