Digital Content Producer
Product of Northeastern. Converse addict. Once shocked Terry O'Reilly with my Bruins knowledge so much, he asked me if I knew I was a female.
Fleet Make Goalie Change Vs. Frost With Season On Line
Ex-MLB GM Pegs Two Red Sox Infielders As First-Month All-Stars
Alex Cora Offers Devastating Injury Update On Red Sox's Triston Casas
Why NFL Expert Believes This UDFA Is Perfect Fit For Patriots
When the Patriots signed Jacoby Brissett, head coach Jerod Mayo made it clear that New England plans to give the 31-year-old quarterback every opportunity to start. 
In a perfect world, rookie quarterback Drake Maye will watch and learn through the early portion of the season earning Brissett the label of being the "perfect guy" for the Patriots. 
"I'm so far from perfect," Brissett told Kay Adams of the "Up & Adams Show" on Monday. "Obviously, I appreciate the compliment, but I'm a teammate first. I'm going out there trying to be a good teammate first. You don't have to pay me to be a good teammate. That just comes with who I am as a person. ... It's just what comes with you trying to help build the culture of being a good team. That's something I take pride in and that's just how I live my life. I don't want somebody to say the opposite of being perfect."
Brissett inked a one-year, $8 million deal with the Patriots within 36 hours of the club trading Mac Jones to the Jacksonville Jaguars. Having Brissett as the starter for the 2024 season is ideal for the Patriots, allowing Maye the opportunity to learn the system and not be forced to start if he's not ready. And Brissett has full expectations that the starting QB job is his to lose. He has not started a game since 2022 and played only 46 snaps last season. He is 18-30 in his 48 career starts, with 51 touchdowns and 23 interceptions.
Story continues below advertisement
"Two things can be true, I can be perfect for the situation, but also, I'm the perfect guy to start too," Brissett said. "Don't take away from it either. I fully expect myself to be the starter as long as I am here. 
"Whatever happens outside of that has nothing to do with me. But that doesn't mean I little myself for somebody else. That just means I'm not too big enough for a situation where I can go out there and perform but also go out there and help my teammates and help lead this team the right way."
Digital Content Producer
Product of Northeastern. Converse addict. Once shocked Terry O'Reilly with my Bruins knowledge so much, he asked me if I knew I was a female.
Featured image via Eric Canha/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network