UPDATED 2/22, 10:10 p.m. ET: Bobbi Althoff and her estranged husband Cory have reached a divorce settlement.
According to court documents obtained by TMZ, Bobbi sought joint legal and physical custody of their two children and requested that they cover their own legal fees. Their dispute over property rights was also resolved.
Further details regarding their "global marital settlement agreement" are unknown.
Their seemingly amicable split comes months after Cory filed for divorce following four years of marriage. TMZ reported earlier this month that the two were legally separated prior to the since-deleted Drake interview airing in July 2023.
News of their legally separated status was meant to silence false speculation that Drake played a part in her divorce.
See original story below.
Bobbi Althoff and her husband Cory Althoff are calling it quits.
According to legal documents reviewed by TMZ, Cory, 34, is filing for divorce from the TikTok creator, 26, after four years of marriage, citing irreconcilable differences. The filing lists their date of separation as July 4, 2023.
Cory is seeking joint physical and legal custody of their daughters, Isla, one, and Luca, three. He also reportedly checked off the box that blocks the court’s ability to award spousal support to either party.
On Instagram Wednesday evening, Bobbi told her 2.9 million followers, "As most of you have heard, Cory and I have filed for divorce. As sad as I am right now, I am so thankful for the time I got to be his wife. Our girls are so lucky to have him as a father & I am so lucky to be able to coparent with such an incredible father and person. While our relationship did not work out as husband and wife, we will always be friends and I will always love him."
With her signature deadpan persona, Bobbi reached notoriety last summer when she secured interviews with A-list talent including Drake, Lil Yachty, Offset, Scarlett Johansson, and others.
Bobbi’s interview with Drake was deleted from her YouTube channel without explanation, amid rumors that the two had hooked up and had a falling out.
During a recent episode of the Baby, This Is Keke Palmer podcast, Palmer asked Althoff when was the last time she spoke to the rapper, to which she responded, “A couple weeks ago, maybe a month ago?”
“He’s a very nice person,” Althoff added. “Him and Funny Marco. Both of them definitely changed my whole entire life.”
pop-culture | BY Alex Ocho
Bobbi Althoff Denies Alleged Drake Feud: ‘He’s a Very Nice Person’
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
Bobbi Althoff Responds to Criticism of Her Podcasting Technique: 'People Didn’t Get That It Was a Bit'
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
Clips of Celebrities Clapping Back at Interviewers Goes Viral
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.