Memes are omnipresent in both online and offline cultures. On the internet, they take the form of funny or entertaining images, animations and short form videos pulled from other media such as films or television. 
The best definition I found for memes came from linguist Kirby Conrod, who defined them as a “self-replicating chunk of information” spread between communities. Our exposure to memes guides how we process and interpret information and make an appropriate response. 
Some internet users create original memes, reusing photos of their friends and images they found on the web to fit into a particular context. Outside computer-mediated interactions, memes can manifest in people’s collective responses within social interactions. 
During the football championship between UC Berkeley and Stanford, I witnessed the repartee between the Bay Area rival schools as guests populated the Stanford Stadium. Fellow Cal students uploaded Instagram stories that ridiculed our opponents and hyped the school spirit for our very own Golden Bears. We felt united in our collective appreciation for these memes, meaning by the time we flooded the stadium, our comradery was already sturdily forged.
When we recognize information as coded, it adds nuance to human interactions. As a Cal student, you may have encountered people shouting “Go Bears!” at you out of nowhere. Real recognizes real — our student culture taught us to respond with “Go Bears!” to acknowledge a fellow Cal student or alum. Our brain filters vapid meanings of the world in favor of familiar sentiments and attitudes to establish social networks. Our hurrah may perplex nonBears, who would find themselves at a loss for how they should respond.
Learning semiotics — the study of signs such as images, videos, text and the interpretation of their meanings — across different disciplines introduced me to the many ways in which memes manifest in contemporary society. Memes can fix how we process stimuli and provide a variety of responses. The creation of content to represent sentiments intensifies popular opinions in social media, since memes have the tendency to go viral and influence public discourses. As internet users grow cognizant of the latest shifts in the modern world, pop culture savants-turned-content-creators called “memelords” repurpose the latest media in service to their desires, beliefs or personality. 
For instance, rap artist Drake’s claim to fame did not start with him having a “goofy ahh” or silly persona. Yet, the zealous circulation of memes stemmed from his “Hotline Bling” stills, the lyrics from “Rich Flex” and the “Anita Max Wynn alter ego,” enabling fan edits to depict the artist as an internet caricature.
The sociolinguistic element of memes promotes the shareability of customs among people speaking the same language. As a Filipino, certain phrases or ideas in different languages and contexts stimulate my ticklebone since we have our own interpretations: To compare a person with the smell of the sun implies they profuse sweat and odor such as one would reek under the high noon; calling a person “highblood” represents someone who exhibits rage, a jab at the physiological response to anger; “baka” in Filipino means cow or maybe, while the word means “idiot” in Japanese; Southeast Asian countries use “selamat pagi” to express the courtesy of a good morning, but Filipinos might be confused, as its literal translation signifies gratitude to a stingray.
Internet memes also support cultural acquisition, as some content even transcends language barriers. I’ve developed the ability to gather a meme or short-form video’s message through context clues following IG reels exchanges with my Latino friends. Their meme barrages have influenced my account’s algorithm, and it became inevitable that I’d encounter videos or posts catered toward Spanish-speaking internet users. But even without the ability to speak the language, the context clues from the video elements and the comments on specific posts also fill in the missing vernacular. The act of consuming and appreciating memes is not perfect, as I sometimes blank out on memes during lapses in comprehension. But I would argue that, as an example of intercultural communication, meme exchanges allow individuals to understand communities outside their immediate cultural sphere. However, we should take the information we encounter with a grain of salt because regarding these memes’ messages as absolute knowledge can result in negative preconceived notions and stereotypes. 
While most memes stir hilarity and entertainment for social media users, some people learned how to repurpose memes for learning. I have professors who use memes as visual aids. They are showstoppers; classmates watching reels on their phones or shopping on their laptops would immediately glance up at the board following the class’s titter, revealing that my professor has displayed Microsoft Office’s paperclip mascot introducing the digitization of information. I did not pay too much attention in this media studies class, yet my professor’s appropriation of memes earned him some brownie points. Some instructors don’t have the same pop culture competence to know what memes will connect to most of their students, but their attempts to use memes as visual aids makes lectures lighthearted regardless. 
TL;DR (too long; didn’t read): Memes exist in almost every conversation; they shape today’s information exchange and elevate standards on how a person can exhibit knowledge, wisdom and wit. This user-generated content adds a social dimension to information and makes cultural awareness available to a wider audience. Without memes, interpersonal communication would not be as charming as it would deprive conversations of the means to creatively represent language.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: