Julia Fox is keeping her goodies under lock and key.
The actress candidly opened up about her years-long celibacy journey on social media while responding to pictures of billboards published by the dating app Bumble that read, “A vow of celibacy is not the answer.” 
“2.5 years of celibacy and never been better tbh,” she wrote in the comments section of a TikTok video Saturday. 
Fox, 34, stirred up a frenzy among fans as several flocked to respond to her shocking revelation. 
“I never knew Julia and I would have so much in common,” one person wrote.
“Queen behavior,” another added.
“Gosh, [as] if I didn’t think you could give me another reason [to] admire you as much as I already do,” a third chimed in as another wrote, “Julia you’re my hero.” 
“True that Julia, I’ve been celibate for 20 years myself and it gets better each year,” a fifth wrote. 
“Yesss Julia Fox!!! Same. What a stupid ad … celibacy is truly a special kind of power,” another added.
Meanwhile, others slammed the billboard, with one person writing, “It’s not a ‘vow of celibacy’! We’re just happy alone!”
“Wow, Bumble really fumbled that one,” a second replied.
Fox’s love life has frequently made headlines, especially her last whirlwind romance with Kanye West.
She famously dated the “Bound 2” rapper, 46, for about six weeks in early 2022 while he was going through a divorce with his ex-wife, Kim Kardashian, 43.
The model later spoke out about their brief relationship, admitting they never had sex during an interview with the New York Times in 2023.
When the outlet questioned why Fox detailed several sexual encounters with men aside from West in her 2023 memoir, “Down the Drain,” she responded, “Because there, like, wasn’t any.” 
“It wasn’t really about that.”
At the time, the mom of one recalled her brief romance with the Yeezy founder, explaining their relationship quickly took off after they met at a 2021 New Year’s Eve party in Miami. 
For a few weeks, the former couple lived their life in the fast lane as Fox recalled feeling like Cinderella as West filled an entire hotel room with clothes for her on their second date.
By February of that year, they called things off and she later slammed her relationship with the controversial hitmaker as similar to having another child.
“My son has to be first. It just became too much, like I didn’t sign up to have two babies, you know?” she said during an appearance on “The Drew Barrymore Show” in December 2023.
Ahead of dating West, Fox briefly dated Drake, 37, in 2020 amid her divorce from her ex-husband, Peter Artemiev. 
The former couple’s marriage came crashing down in February 2020 after tying the knot two years before.
They share 3-year-old son, Valentino.
Advertisement