The firm behind Italian chains Zizzi and Ask has said it plans to keep opening more restaurants despite extra costs facing the restaurant sector next year.
The boss of Azzurri Group, which also runs Coco Di Mama, said he is “cautiously optimistic” about the recovery of UK hospitality next year despite recent warnings from industry bosses.
Hospitality bosses, including the chief executives of Greene King and Whitbread, told ministers last month that increases to National Insurance contributions would “lead to business closures and job losses within a year”.
However, Azzurri said it hopes to benefit from increased wages and reduced borrowing costs over the next year.
“While UK consumer confidence continues to be impacted by global macroeconomic conditions, falling inflation, interest rate cuts, and rises in wages, means we are cautiously optimistic the global hospitality industry will see further transformation and recovery in the coming year,” it said.
The restaurant group, which has around 230 current locations, said it plans to open “new sites across all the businesses” over the next year.
It is also targeting the growth of the Ireland-based Boojum brand it bought in 2023 in the UK and its core market.
Earlier this month, Azzurri also opened its first UK Dave’s Hot Chicken site as part of a franchise deal for the US brand, which is backed by celebrities including Drake and Samuel L Jackson.
Azzurri also reported on Wednesday that it has seen “encouraging” Christmas trading across its venues.
It came as the company revealed that revenues grew by 18.3% to £303.1 million for the year to June 30, as it benefited from stronger sales and its expansion.
Meanwhile, earnings more than doubled to £32.1 million from £14.3 million a year earlier.
Steve Holmes, chief executive of the firm, said: “We’ve had a successful year with the group continuing to grow both sales and profits.
“It has also been a transformational year for the business strategically as we moved a pure-play restaurant operator into the UK’s leading hospitality investment platform.
“We are cautiously optimistic of an ongoing recovery in hospitality in 2025.
“We have strong businesses that will continue to thrive and look forward to another year of positive development.”

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.