And the Edmonton Oilers winning the Stanley Cup just because.
Source: Tom Szczerbowski / Getty
The 6 God is back at it. Drake is choosing the Dallas Mavericks to win the NBA Finals and he is putting his money where his mouth is.
As reported by HipHopDX the “Family Matters” rapper is putting his past with Kendrick Lamar behind him. This week Drake reappeared on social media with one of his first few posts since his beef with you know who. In the Instagram post he stood tall on sports business and shared who he thought will be winning not only the NBA Finals but also the NHL Stanley Cup Finals. 
He is picking the Dallas Mavericks to defeat the Boston Celtics and the Edmonton Oilers over the Florida Panthers. “Dallas cause I’m a Texan. Oilers are self explanatory” he wrote in the caption. The accompanying visual is as a screenshot of his STAKE account that shows him betting $500,000 on each series. If he has chosen correctly he stands to win an estimated $1,375,000 dollars.
Drake has a steady history of insane wagers. Back in February he laid a $1.15 million dollar bet on the Kansas City Chiefs winning the NFL Super Bowl over the San Francisco 49’ers. The Boston Celtics easily defeated the Dallas Mavericks in game 1 of the NBA Finals beating them 107-89. 


Drake Picks The Dallas Mavericks To Win NBA Finals With Huge Bet 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Man Charged with Murder After Fatal Shooting at Gas Station								

									3 Dead in Double Murder-Suicide at Canal Winchester Apartment								

									Download Our New Power 107.5 Mobile App For Your Smartphone!								

									Win $250!								

									10 Best Neighborhoods to Live in Columbus in 2025								

									Buckeyes Visit the White House, JD Vance Fumbles Trophy [PHOTOS]								

									8th Annual SUMMER614								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.