E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary ad, please contact obits@trentonian.com or 610-235-2690.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
EWING – A township internal affairs cop accused female colleagues of trying to have flings with her retired cop hubby and burned his clothes in the backyard of their home, according to a lawsuit.
Lalena Lamson, an 18-year Ewing Police veteran, filed a whistleblower complaint in September against the department saying she was put on administrative leave and her badge and gun were taken away for five months after she reported Detective Julia Caldwell’s alleged criminal actions to the state Attorney General’s Office.
According to the lawsuit, the township police force also covered up other officers’ crimes and the use of excessive force during the arrest of a teenager last year.
Lamson says in the complaint she was forced to take an unnecessary fitness duty exam after upper brass suggested she was suicidal.
On Feb. 14, Lamson says she was put on leave and her gun was seized after Lt. Jeff Jacobs called her home and asked her husband if Lamson was suicidal. Lamson’s husband denied his wife wanted to harm herself.
The call came a day after Police Chief John Stemler III contacted an attorney about Lamson’s complaint to the AG’s Office. Lamson returned to work in July after she passed a fitness exam that determined she was not suicidal, the complaint states.
The fitness duty was all a big setup because Lamson complained about what was going on in the department, according to the complaint filed by attorney Drake Bearden Jr., a partner at Costello & Mains.
He wrote in court filings that New Jersey’s courts have held it’s illegal to force cops to take unnecessary fitness duty exams. The firm declined to comment beyond the pleadings on Monday.
Attorneys for the township want a judge to toss out the lawsuit on the grounds that Lamson didn’t suffer an adverse employment action and “deference should be given to a police department’s decision to refer an officer for psychiatric evaluation.”
A hearing is set for Dec. 6 before Superior Court Judge Janetta Marbrey.
In her retaliation complaint, Lamson claims she “lost faith” in the Mercer County Prosecutor’s Office after she says it refused to investigate a March 2016 alleged drunken crash involving ex-Officer Jason Ulrich, who was described as a close friend of Stemler.
In her letter to the AG’s Office, Lamson claimed Ulrich’s blood-alcohol level was never tested and he was never charged with driving under the influence.
The wreck occurred on March 28 shortly after 7 p.m. on Washington Crossing Pennington Road near George Washington Drive in Hopewell Township.
Lamson’s primary claims centered on the alleged actions of Detective Caldwell, who is assigned to the department’s internal affairs unit.
Lamson, whose peers voted officer of the year in 2018, learned about Caldwell’s alleged criminal mischief from Diane Brady, Stemler’s secretary, in November 2018.
Caldwell allegedly admitted barbecuing her husband’s clothes in their backyard, although the lawsuit doesn’t say why.
New Jersey law makes it a crime “for a person to purposefully or knowingly damage tangible property of another.”
Caldwell’s husband is retired Ewing Police officer Jeffrey Caldwell, who spent more than 26 years with the force.
He retired in August 2018 with an $8,740 monthly pension, according to state pension records.
The next day the police department met to discuss Detective Julia Caldwell’s alleged crime, but nothing was done about it, according to the lawsuit.
During a Jan. 18 meeting, Lamson told Stemler that officers lost faith in the unit because the department didn’t discipline Julia Caldwell for her “illegal conduct.”
Lamson conveyed to the chief that she planned to report the crime to the AG’s Office along with “other inappropriate incidents.”
She accused Julia Caldwell of making discriminatory comments to female colleagues about how they dressed, trying to bed her husband and alleged the IA cop leaked confidential IA information, according to the complaint.
In addition, Lamson alleged in a Jan. 25 letter to the AG’s IA unit that other cops who came forward with allegations of wrongdoing lost promotions and were blackballed as problem employees.
Despite being frightened about retaliation and losing colleagues’ trust, Lamson also spilled about Ulrich’s alleged DUI and the cop-led beatdown of a 16-year-old boy.
Officer Matthew Przemieniecki, an 18-year veteran identified as the “primary instigator,” and other unidentified cops allegedly stomped the teen’s head down into the snow and repeatedly kicked snow in his face, the lawsuit said.
It was all caught on video, but none of the officers were disciplined, the complaint says.
For his part, Ulrich was cleared in the alleged DUI crash.
He admitted he “blacked out” before his Toyota Camry careened toward the opposite lane of travel at a high rate of speed, according to a crash report obtained by The Trentonian.
A 54-year-old Lambertville resident traveling west in a Chevy Malibu attempted to swerve to the shoulder when he saw Ulrich enter his lane, but the off-duty officer hit the rear of his vehicle, the report indicated.  
Ulrich denied drinking alcohol but admitted being on prescription meds at the time. His blood was not drawn as Hopewell Township Police determined there wasn’t probable cause to suggest the off-duty cop was drunk or abused his meds.
Mercer County prosecutors said the crash resulted from a “medical event.” 
The Ewing cop was issued citations for failure to maintain lanes and failure to wear a seat belt. He retired from the force with a $4,221 monthly disability pension in October 2016, state records show.
This isn’t the first time Lamson has made waves in Mercer County.
In August, a retired Ewing cop outed her as the police officer who performed a shoddy background investigation into disgraced Ewing cop Daniel Bannister.
The retired cop alleged that Lamson was not entirely forthcoming and downplayed troubling aspects of a report on Bannister.
Lamson learned that Bannister had been passed over for jobs at neighboring departments and had allegedly been involved in a scuffle with a supervisor while he was employed at a Princeton-area Dick’s Sporting Goods.
The retired cop claimed Lamson watered down Bannister’s alleged assault of his boss to reflect a “mutual combative situation” in a report reviewed by brass before hiring Bannister in 2017.
Bannister and his wife, Catherine, a former Trenton charter school teacher, were charged this year for their alleged roles in the Dec. 13 death of their 3-month-old daughter, Hailey.
Mercer County prosecutors say Bannister, who is suspended without pay and jailed awaiting trial, caused his daughter’s fatal injuries because he had trouble bonding with her.
He was indicted in October on charges of first-degree murder. His wife, who is free on pretrial release, was also indicted with second-degree reckless manslaughter after she allegedly concealed her daughter’s injuries from doctors to cover for her husband.
The couple also faces charges for second-degree child endangerment.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group