Advertisement
For premium support please call:
For premium support please call:
After it was announced that Kendrick Lamar would be the musical headliner at the 2025 Super Bowl halftime show in New Orleans on Feb. 9, fans online have weighed in on the controversial choice.
Some believe that New Orleans native Lil Wayne should have been the NFL's first choice since the NOLA rapper, who is regarded as one of the greatest rappers alive, helped to make the city culturally relevant.
Wayne, who rose to fame in the late '90s as part of the hip-hop group the Hot Boys, also shared his thoughts on the NFL's pick, saying in an emotional video posted to Instagram Sept. 13 that “it hurt a lot” to not be tapped to perform during the big game in his hometown.
"I thought there was nothing better that spot, on that stage, on that platform," said the 41-year-old rapper, who had publicly lobbied to be the game's musical headliner at Caesars Stadium.
     View this post on Instagram      
A post shared by Lil Wayne (@liltunechi)
“It broke me, but I’m just trying to put myself back together,” Lil Wayne added of the NFL's decision.
Roc Nation, an entertainment company founded by Jay-Z, has played a role in choosing the artists for the halftime show since the company entered into a multi-year partnership with the NFL in 2019, the BBC reported.
Apple Music replaced Pepsi as the halftime show's sponsor in 2022, Variety reported.
Roc Nation, the NFL and Apple Music did not respond to TODAY.com's request for comment regarding Lil Wayne's response.
TODAY.com reached out to Kendrick Lamar and Lil Wayne for comment but have not heard back.
Read on to learn more about the controversy that was sparked after Kendrick Lamar was selected to headline the Super Bowl halftime show over Lil Wayne.
Lil Wayne, whose birth name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr., posted an emotional video Sept. 13 on Instagram to share his reaction to not being chosen as the 2025 Super Bowl halftime show performer.
The “Lollipop” rapper, who is a native of New Orleans — the location where the big game is set to take place next February, told his millions of followers that the NFL's decision "broke" him.
“First of all, I wanna say forgive me for the delay,” began Wayne, who appeared somber in the clip. “I had to get strength enough to do this without breaking."
“That hurt, it hurt a lot,” he continued, adding, “I thought there was nothing better that spot, on that stage, on that platform.”
The rapper went on to chastise himself for his emotional response to the NFL’s decision.
“I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown and for automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position,” he said.
He also thanked fans for voicing their support of him.
“But my God, have you all helped me. Thanks to all of my peers, my friends, my family, my homies on the sports television and everybody repping me. I really appreciate that, I really do.”
Though he said he felt like he had let his fans “down by not getting that opportunity," the rapper noted that was now “working” on himself.
“So thank you,” he added.
Earlier this year, the New Orleans native made it clear that he wanted to be the headliner for the halftime show in his hometown.
"We all praying. We keeping our fingers crossed. I’m working hard. I’m going to make sure this next album and everything I do is killer, so I’m going make it very hard for them to…I want to just make it hard for them not to highlight the boy," the Wayne said during an appearance on on YG's "4HUNNID" podcast.
Clips of Wayne revealing his desire to perform at the big game have gone viral this week following the NFL's announcement.
Lamar issued a statement about being chosen as the Super Bowl halftime headliner in the NFL's announcement on Sept. 8.
“Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date. And I’ll be there to remind the world why. They got the right one,” Lamar said in the NFL-released statement.
On Nov. 22, the "Not Like Us" rapper released a surprise album titled, "GNX," where he referenced Wayne and the Super Bowl in his opening track, "wacced out murals." 
He raps, "Used to bump 'Tha Carter III,' I held my Rollie chain proud / Irony, I think my hard work let Lil Wayne down / Whatever though, call me crazy, everybody questionable / Turn me to an esk---, I drew the line and decimals."
In the song, Lamar also said that he didn't receive a lot of support after it was announced that he would be performing during the halftime show at the Super Bowl.
“Won the Super Bowl and Nas the only one congratulated me / All these n----- agitated, I’m just glad they showin’ they faces,” he rapped.
TODAY.com reached out to Kendrick and Lil Wayne for comment but did not hear back.
The 2025 halftime show will mark the second time the 37-year-old Lamar performs at the Super Bowl. In 2022, the Pulitzer Prize-winning rapper joined headliner Dr. Dre’s all-star team of Mary J. Blige, Snoop Dogg, Eminem and 50 Cent during the halftime show in his native Los Angeles.
The 17-time Grammy winner has released a series of popular tracks this year in his ongoing feud against Drake.
Roc Nation founder Shawn Carter, better known to music fans as rap legend Jay-Z, called Lamar a "truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer" in a statement that accompanied the NFL's halftime show decision.
"His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision. He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come," said Carter.
Roc Nation did not respond to TODAY.com's request for comment about Lil Wayne's reaction to the NFL's decision.
Hip-hop stars, including Nicki Minaj and New Orleans rapper Master P, have spoken out about Lil Wayne not being selected as the halftime performer in his hometown.
"You can love & respect Kendrick and still love & respect Wayne,” Minaj, one of Wayne's proteges, wrote on X. "Even Kendrick loves & respects Wayne. Every real rapper loves & respects Wayne."
Master P acknowledged on Instagram that Lamar was “one of the hottest music artists in the world," but insisted that Lil' Wayne "should be a part of this celebration as well."
"He’s one of the greatest Hop Hop artists alive, still relevant and he’s a New Orleans native," he explained, adding, “We have to give our legends their flowers while they are here."
Many of Lil Wayne's fans responded to his video to assure him that he deserved to be the halftime show headliner.
"YOU ABSOLUTELY DESERVED IT. WE KNOW THAT AND SO DOES EVERYONE ELSE," wrote one, adding an emoji of a goat.
"It does not change the Fact that You Are Tha GREATEST to Eva do it. The outpour of love is Well deserved and validated by your Amazing Legacy and unmatched body of work," wrote another, adding, "definitely their loss."
Another fan told the rapper, "You are one of the greatest with or without the super bowl performance. We love you and lift you high! You are a living legend!!"
However, on X, there were still plenty of fans that supported the NFL's decision to choose Kendrick Lamar.
"Congratulations .@kendricklamar You’ll do it justice," one fan wrote in part.
"the FIRST Black American rapper to HEADLINE the Super Bowl… Kendrick Lamar deserves his flowers NOW," another user on X shared.
This article was originally published on TODAY.com
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement