BRANCH COUNTY, MI (WTVB) – A non-conference baseball doubleheader between the Coldwater Cardinals and the Union City Chargers on Thursday at Alumni Field featured a rout and a white knuckler.
Coldwater won the opening game of the doubleheader 19-3 before Union City rallied in the nightcap to pull out a 6-5 victory.
Coldwater busted open the first game with an 11 run second inning.
The Cardinals provided plenty of offense for winning pitcher Landon Auble.
Drake Thornton had four RBI’s while Drew Ennis drove in three runs. Owen Jackson had a double for Union City.
Union City came back from a 5-1 deficit to win game two. They scored three runs in the last of the fourth. The tying and winning runs scored in the last of the seventh on a pair of passed balls with two outs.
Tucker Zweng was the winning pitcher in relief. Jackson drove in two runs for the Chargers. Brady Massey went 3 for 4 with four RBIs for Coldwater.
Quincy swept future Big 8 Conference opponent Stockbridge by scores of 13-0 and 15-5 on Thursday night to move its mid season record to 8-4 overall.
The Orioles used a 10 run third inning to win the opener. Winning pitcher Ryan Kempter who threw a five inning shut out as he allowed just four hits and fanned six.
Brennen Allman had two hits and three RBI’s. Ethan Copas had a bases loaded triple.
The Orioles got off to another fast start in the nightcap as they scored 13 runs in the first three innings. Winning pitcher Jimmy Maynard allowed four hits and two earned runs in four innings of work.
Mason Graves led the way offensively with three hits, three RBIs and three runs scored. Maynard also scored four runs from his lead off spot.
Copas added two more RBI’s.
Bronson defeated Centreville 5-4 in a non-conference game. Details were not provided.
You must be logged in to post a comment.














Hands Off demonstration takes over Four Corners in Coldwater Saturday morning


3h ago








Trump posts AI-generated photo of himself as pope


2h ago








Buffett's quotes from Berkshire meeting: Trade, opportunities, United States


2h ago








At least seven killed, 20 injured in bombings in South Sudan, MSF says


3h ago








Reports: Coby Mayo, Orioles' top INF prospect, potentially on cusp of call up


1h ago








Motor racing-Norris wins wet Miami sprint to trim Piastri's lead by a point


1h ago









This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.