New England Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo, top, greets his mother Denise, front, after facing reporters Wednesday, Jan. 17, 2024, during an NFL football news conference, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)AP
Everyone’s got questions about how the New England Patriots are handling the quarterback situation -- even Jerod Mayo’s mom.
On Monday, Mayo confirmed that the Patriots are “100%” staying with veteran Jacoby Brissett as their starting quarterback while prize rookie Drake Maye waits in the wings.
The first-year head coach is sticking to his guns, even though he knows he’ll face backlash and questions from all directions.
“I anticipated that we’re gonna take out bumps and lumps, whether it’s through the media, whether it’s through – even my own mom asking me, ‘Hey, what’s going on?’” Mayo said on WEEI’s Greg Hill Show.
The Patriots looked like geniuses by starting Brissett in their Week 1 win against the Cincinnati Bengals. But after three straight losses, the wisdom of sticking with Brissett is facing major scrutiny.
It’s not just the decision-making either. Mayo’s comments about his handling of Maye vs. Brissett have been dissected after every game. After the Week 3 loss to the Jets, Mayo’s public stance went from “I don’t know” to “Jacoby is our quarterback” overnight.
The common argument from the “Play Maye” camp is that the athletic rookie could provide a spark to a stagnant offense. Mayo added some fuel to that fire himself by publicly commenting on Maye’s improvement throughout training camp.
However, Mayo stressed that Maye’s current level of play isn’t the only factor to consider.
“From my perspective, look, he did outperform Jacoby by the time we got to end of camp,” Mayo said on WEEI. “What we had to do was go into the regular season, knowing that – look who gives us the best chance to win right now? Just because you’re trending better in a certain way, it doesn’t mean you outperform from a holistic standpoint, talking about the spring all the way through training camp.”
Mayo has said that he’s open to reevaluating the whole team and that Maye is improving. He’s trying to be transparent, but also doesn’t want to send mixed messages.
Speaking to reporters Monday, Mayo drew a firm line in the sand on the starting quarterback debate.
“I don’t want the fans or anyone to think, ‘What is he talking about?’ Jacoby’s 100% our starter. He’s 100 our starter, and that’s how we’re gonna look at this going forward.”
Mayo cleared things up Monday. But don’t be surprised if we’re back here asking the same questions this time next week.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices