The Jacksonville Jaguars have shown an affinity to move around the draft to land a player they covet. That's why the 33rd Team projects them to trade down a few spots to land one of the best pass-rush prospects in the draft.
Former league executives Rick Spielman and Mike Tannenbaum had the Jags trading spots with the Los Angeles Rams to acquire Florida State defensive end Jared Verse in their latest mock draft. They currently hold the 17th overall selection while the Rams have pick No. 19. Here's the skinny on the trade.
This is one of a handful of trades that take place in the mock. The most notable one is the Minnesota Vikings moving up to draft Drake Maye at No. 3. Also, the Indianapolis Colts trade up four spots to select tight end Brock Bowers. All things considered, this is one of many scenarios that could take place on Day 1. 
Two former NFL execs teamed up for a first-round mock ✍️👀 pic.twitter.com/0rMEHRiazw
Verse would be a huge addition to the Jaguars' pass rush. Unranked out of high school, he went on to become a star for the Seminoles. Last year, the Ohio native logged nine sacks, 12.5 tackles for loss, and one forced fumble. He then backed up his tape with an outstanding showing at the NFL Scouting Combine, running the 40-yard dash in 4.58 seconds and posting a 35" vertical jump.
The @FSUFootball boys are putting on a show in the 40.DL Jared Verse putting up a 4.59u. 📺: #NFLCombine on @nflnetwork📱: Stream on #NFLPlus pic.twitter.com/YqrXROSO8E
Verse needs to develop a pass-rush repertoire. He must also do a better job of shedding blocks, but he's got the tools to contribute right off the bat. In Jacksonville, he would join a rotation that includes Josh Allen and Travon Walker. 
The past two years, the Jaguars have made moves to acquire prospects they covet. In 2023, they moved down twice before landing offensive tackle Anton Harrison at No. 27. The year prior, they traded back into the first round to take linebacker Devin Lloyd, also with the 27th overall pick. This is to say that Jacksonville has no qualms about making the necessary moves to acquire their guy. 
It's not hard to see the Jaguars moving down a few spots if their targets are gone when they're on the clock. Moving a couple spots wouldn't hurt them, and would instead allow them to stockpile additional picks. The Philadelphia Eagles reportedly want to trade up from No. 22. Jacksonville would be an ideal partner. Maybe they could get a third-round pick to move down five spots. 
But going back to the 33rd Team's mock draft, not only would the Jags get a pick from Los Angeles, but they would also land one of the top pass rushers in the draft in Jared Verse. That's most definitely a trade worth making. 
Even though the pass rush isn't a priority, landing a player of Verse's caliber should supersede any potential needs. Sure, the front office must address the cornerback and wide receiver positions but they could easily do it on Day 2. Of course, this scenario would be out of the window if Verse is gone by pick No. 17. If that's the case, the Jags may be better off staying put and taking a receiver or a cornerback. 
At that point in the draft, they would have multiple options. On the other hand, they could also trade up for one of the top receivers in the draft, whether it's Rome Odunze or Malik Nabers. 
Either way, the Jacksonville Jaguars can take several paths on Day 1 of the draft. They should be able to come out with playmakers regardless of the one they choose. One where they managed to select Jared Verse would be huge, though. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.