2024 County Health Rankings & Roadmaps from the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute reveal the counties with the shortest life expectancy. 
A 29-year-old Great Falls woman was charged Monday after leading law enforcement on a chase around the Queen City on Saturday in which she reportedly swerved into oncoming traffic, nearly hitting several vehicles.
Katrina Jo Palmer
Katrina Jo Palmer was charged in Helena Justice Court with theft of a motor vehicle, one count of criminal endangerment and criminal possession of dangerous drugs, all felonies. Authorities also filed misdemeanor charges for driving while a license is suspended or revoked, fleeing or eluding a peace officer and criminal possession of drug paraphernalia, court documents state.
Also charged for felony theft of a vehicle was Helena resident Isaach John Jansen, 23. Authorities said he was the person who stole the vehicle and that he and Palmer had switched seats.
Isaach Janesen
A Lewis and Clark County sheriff’s deputy responded at 3:32 p.m. Saturday to Interstate 15 at mile marker 239 for a report of a stolen vehicle. A woman told a dispatcher she was driving from Great Falls to Helena with Palmer, Jansen and a few other people. She stopped to use the restroom and when she came out she saw Jansen driving away with Palmer in the back seat of her car, according to court documents.
Ten minutes later the deputy, who was en route to meet with the caller, saw the vehicle southbound on Interstate 15 at mile marker 209 with two occupants inside. The deputy turned on his lights to initiate a traffic stop and the suspect vehicle, a 2019 Hyundai Elantra out of Pondera County, led a pursuit, authorities said. The deputy said the vehicle was now being driven by Palmer.
The suspect vehicle went southbound on Montana Avenue and drove through a red stoplight at Montana Avenue and Cedar Street at about 40 mph and nearly hit an SUV, authorities said. Near Townsend Avenue the southbound suspect vehicle went into the northbound lane of Montana Avenue and a pickup truck had to swerve to avoid collision.
The suspect vehicle was going nearly 70 mph near Prospect Avenue and nearly hit another vehicle turning onto Montana Avenue from Prospect Avenue, Deputy Matthew Bourgeau of the Lewis and Clark County Sheriff's Office said.
The vehicle was traveling west on 11th Avenue near Lamborn Street and was traveling the wrong way on the one-way street at about 50 mph. The suspects' vehicle almost hit a sheriff’s vehicle that had its emergency lights on, officials said. Authorities said they halted the pursuit to avoid serious risk or bodily injury to the public. Police tried to use spike strips to stop the vehicle, but the defendant would swerve to avoid them, court documents state.
Helena police found the vehicle unoccupied at Columbia and Cole avenues. The suspects were found a short distance away. The person whose car was stolen identified the suspect as one of two people who were in the vehicle.
While searching Palmer's purse at the Lewis and Clark County Detention Center, staff found a "cut pen" and a partial blue fentanyl pill in the tube. The report stated the woman admitted to using the cut pen to smoke fentanyl.
Jansen and Palmer were listed on the inmate roster Monday at the detention center.
About a dozen law enforcement vehicles were involved in the chase, officials said, including personnel from the Montana Highway Patrol and Helena Police Department. 
Sheriff Leo Dutton said Sunday that several residents had called in during the pursuit, providing information on the suspects' vehicle. He said there were no injuries reported due to the pursuit.
Law and Justice Center, 406 Fuller Ave., Helena
Assistant editor Phil Drake can be reached at 406-231-9021.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Assistant editor/reporter
2024 County Health Rankings & Roadmaps from the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute reveal the counties with the shortest …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.