Listed at $1.27 million
When it comes to homes that evoke a bygone era, few do it better than a bungalow. These charming homes are a hallmark of the first part of the 20th century, instantly recognizable with their wide, welcoming porches and small size. 
The bungalow at 814 Omar Street in Woodland Heights is a perfect example of this style of home. But there's a bonus: it's been expanded to just over 2,400-square-feet and thoughtfully designed by Christine Plum of Plum Design & Construction. It's now on the market for $1.275 million, represented by Kyla Linn with Compass.
From its perch on a tree-lined street, this 1920s home embraces its original construction, with unexpected antique details such as wood windows and reclaimed pine flooring throughout. Its updated floor plan gives the home four bedrooms, including a primary suite on each floor, a home office, formal parlor, and an inviting family room. 
In a city that often feels like it rips down its past to embrace its future, 814 Omar shows how past, present, and future can seamlessly coexist. The home has common areas that flow into each other. The kitchen is  appointed with modern appliances and countertops but also keeps historic touches like a wall-mounted shelf. Other vintage touches abound throughout the home, including a claw-foot tub in one of the bathrooms and a stained-glass window in another. 
Sam Melton of Lonesome Pine Home has styled 814 Omar, showing just how this lovely space can look for its new owners. The bespoke color scheme creates an inviting space, augmented by custom woodwork, warm contemporary finishes, and soaring ceilings. 
This home will be both a gathering place and conversation piece for its new owners. Those who long for a little bit of the past but don't want to give up the amenities of today will find that 814 Omar Street ticks a lot of boxes.
Photo by Gremillion Media / Compass
This historic bungalow at 814 Omar St has been beautifully restored and is on the market for $1.27 million.
full steam ahead
It's no secret that Houston's population is growing faster than most other metros in the U.S., but now a surprising Houston-area neighbor has been named the No. 1 fastest-growing suburb nationwide over the last decade: the booming city of Fulshear.
Fulshear led the nation with an astonishing 1,082 percent increase in population from 2014 to 2023, according to a recent growth study by marketplace platform StorageCafe. 
Overall, Texas cities dominated StorageCafe's list of the top 10 fastest-growing U.S. cities from 2014 to 2023.
The report said the city had nearly 27,000 residents in 2023, but now the U.S. Census Bureau estimates Fulshear's population has now grown to more than 42,600 people.
"With its blend of a relaxed lifestyle, urban conveniences, top-rated schools and strong job opportunities, Fulshear consistently ranks among the best places to live in Texas," the report's author wrote.
This isn't the first time Fulshear has entered the spotlight for its exploding population: it was the No. 2 fastest-growing U.S. city in 2023, and recently came out on top of GoBankingRates' new study ranking of the fastest-growing affluent suburbs in America for 2025.
Several other Houston-area suburbs also saw major growth over the last decade, including Manvel (No. 24), Katy (No. 82), and Conroe (No. 83).
"Manvel doubled its population between 2014 and 2023, while Katy and Conroe each recorded increases of over 50 percent," the report said. "By contrast, Houston itself grew by just 6 percent, aligning with the average growth rate for large U.S. cities."
The report added that the Houston area's population surge has also led to a high demand for housing, where home values have risen 60 percent over the last 10 years. Home prices in Fulshear stood at more than $521,000 in November 2024, whereas Manvel's home prices were over $431,000 during that same period.
For comparison, the national average price of a home is $354,000.
Katy and Conroe had the most affordable home prices out of the four Houston suburbs in the report, at $347,740 and $318,952, respectively, for November.
StorageCafe says the reasons for population shifts vary greatly, with many people seeking out cities with a more affordable cost of living, or those moving for socioeconomic factors like better employment opportunities.
"Population growth is far from even across the U.S. Some cities are experiencing significant increases, directly driven by steady in-migration, rising immigration and birth rates outpacing death rates," the report said. "But what’s fueling these trends runs deeper — economic and social forces like shifting job markets, the rise of remote and hybrid work and soaring living costs are all reshaping where people choose to live."
Other fast-growing Texas citiesTexas had the greatest number of cities to earn spots in the report's ranking of the 100 fastest-growing U.S. cities over the last decade, with 25 total cities making the cut with the highest growth rates nationwide. 
Dallas-Fort Worth had the highest number of fastest-growing Texas suburbs on the list, comprising 11 cities: Celina (No. 2), Melissa (No. 3), Princeton (No. 7), Prosper (No. 8), Fate (No. 9), Anna (No. 14), Midlothian (No. 33), Royse City (No. 43), Forney (No. 45), Little Elm (No. 58), and Frisco (No. 72).
Meanwhile, Austin had five suburbs land on the list: Manor (No. 6), Leander (No. 16), Kyle (No. 53), Hutto (No. 54), and Buda (No. 68).
San Antonio also had five suburbs make the top 100, including Boerne (No. 63), Selma (No. 74), Fair Oaks Ranch (No. 70), New Braunfels (No. 77), and Canyon Lake (No. 99).
The top 10 fastest-growing cities over the last decade are: