Now 
54
 Sun 
62
 Mon 
66
by ADRIAN MOJICA, JORDAN WHITTINGTON & SYDNEY KELLER | WZTV
TOPICS:
SUMNER COUNTY, Tenn. (WZTV) — More than two weeks after a 15-year-old Tennessee boy at the center of an AMBER Alert went missing, authorities in Sumner County still have no leads.
Sebastian Wayne Drake Rogers is an autistic teenager who was last seen on Feb. 26 on Stafford Court near Beech High School in Hendersonville. He has been without his medication since.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation shared a post on March 13 saying the agency does not have any updates on the search for Sebastian.
TBI added they wanted to share his photos again, to remind the public that the teenager is still missing.
Officials said Monday, March 4 they plan to "scale back" ground search operations for the boy and plan to transition to the investigative side of the case, adding they have "no reason" to believe the teen isn't alive.
A Kentucky landfill was searched on March 7, but "no leads or evidence" were found.
Detectives have reported no sign of Sebastian, on any ring or trail cameras, by witnesses, or tracking dogs.
Detectives have remained tight-lipped on the investigation, so far. A specific timeline as to when or how Sebastian went missing is still unclear.
The teen's biological mother and stepfather,  Katie and Christopher Proudfoot, spoke out on a podcast Sunday night, for the first time.
The couple said the 15-year-old must have walked off from his home sometime Sunday evening into Monday morning. Katie Proudfoot said he went to bed Sunday night around 9 p.m. and was not in his bed 6 a.m. when she went to wake him up. Katie says she called Christopher, who said he was out of town.
When asked what message she would give her son, Katie said, “We love and to come home.”
Katie said no shoes were missing, and that a flashlight Sebastian often plays with was gone. His cell phone was also left behind. The parents also described Sebastian as not liking to get dirty, and not being a runner.
A viewer of the podcast asked why investigators were seeking video from earlier in the day Sunday, before the time Sebastian is said to have gone missing.
Christopher Proudfoot responded, "that we cannot release right now."
ALSO READ | 'We are still working every lead that comes in': SCSO on missing teen
Crews from the Lebanon Police Department joined in the search for Sebastian over the weekend to help in anyway possible.
The Tennessee State Guard is also assisting in the search at this point, FOX 17 News confirms.
Hound dogs were assisting in the search near Rogers' property last Friday.
Last Thursday, the Sumner County Sheriff's Office said they have searched at least 2,000 miles — including creeks and streams — and have "no significant updates" on the child's whereabouts. There have also been no confirmed sightings of Sebastian on camera during the last four days of searching.
Sebastian is 5'5" and weighs 120 lbs. He also has dirty blonde hair and glasses with dark frames. He was last seen wearing a black sweatshirt and black sweatpants.
Authorities are using helicopters, K-9s, drones, plus crews on horseback and foot to look for the boy. Franklin Police confirmed they also have a dive team assisting in the search as of Friday after SCSO asked for the department's help Thursday afternoon.
They still have no investigative leads and are continuing to operate as though Sebastian wandered off.
On Feb. 26, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) issued an Endangered Child Alert for Sebastian. The TBI says based on additional investigative information developed during the search for Sebastian, an AMBER alert has been issued on Tuesday, Feb. 27.
Director of Sumner County Emergency Management Ken Weidner says crews have aggressively searched the surrounding areas near Sebastian's home using helicopters, drones, ATVs, horses and more.
Weidner says they're concerned about the heavy rainfall, dropping temperatures and the potential for hypothermia as the cold air moved in Wednesday night.
Weidner says at this point in time, they're working to find Sebastian with very few leads in the case.
“We’re working any leads that we get but unfortunately, we don’t have many leads," said Weidner. "We are hoping someone pulls up with him, hoping they see him and pull up and that hasn’t happened so we're going to keep grinding it out and get additional resources here and keep the search ongoing."
Sumner County residents are also working hard to help find Sebastian. Hendersonville resident Rose Grace says it's a community effort.
Folks also gathered at Northfield Church in Gallatin Wednesday night where a vigil was held. Residents like Beth Pickel are praying for Sebastian's safe return.
“I just hope the family sees and knows that there are lots of people, even though we can’t be there, we’re there and we're lifting them up in prayer and we’re caring about them, and we're caring about Sebastian and are supporting them in any way that we can," said Pickel.
Several families say they're heartbroken to see people in their community go through this.
FOX 17 News asked the TBI what factors led to elevating the search to  an AMBER Alert. A spokesperson with the TBI sent the statement below:
"Based on the cumulative nature of information gathered from tips and investigative findings, in addition to concerns for the potential welfare of this teen due to his health concerns, the alert level was elevated to an AMBER Alert. Some of the information gathered remains under investigation, so we are not able to speak to specifics. But the TBI and our law enforcement partners continue to review every tip received and we encourage people to call in any information they have, to 1-800-TBI-FIND."
HOW CAN YOU HELP?