Kanye West didn’t attend “The Roast of Tom Brady” — but he was trolled anyway.
Tom Brady dissed the rapper’s parenting while drawing attention to Kim Kardashian’s presence during Sunday’s Netflix special.
“I know Kim was terrified to be here tonight,” the former NFL star, 46, told audience members. “Not because of this but because her kids are at home with their dad.”
When the camera cut to Kardashian, the reality star, 43, maintained a tight smile while shaking her head.
Kardashian shares North, 10, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 4, with West, 46, whom she divorced in 2022.
Viewers tweeted that the Skims founder did not look “impressed” by the joke.
“If looks could kill, Tom would be deceased!” one X user wrote.
Another added, “Kanye about to drop a Tom Brady diss and make y’all forget about Kendrick [Lamar] and Drake.”
Kardashian also took the stage during the roast after Kevin Hart called her up to make a “special toast.”
The “Kardashians” star was savagely booed, awkwardly saying “all, all right” and “whoa, whoa” before beginning to speak.
Are you keeping up? More on the Kardashians:
“I wasn’t going to come tonight,” she quipped, “but since I’m not here as Tom’s date, there’s still a good chance I might.
“Speaking of Tom and I dating, I know there were some rumors that we were and I’d never say if we did or not, I’d just release the tape,” she continued, referencing her and Ray J’s 2007 sex tape.
Kardashian went on to joke that a relationship with Brady would “never work out” since the “ex-athlete [with] high cheekbones [and] slinky hair” reminds her “too much” of Caitlyn Jenner.
“Honestly, it’s hard for me to watch people roast you, but I think enough of my family members have defended former football players,” she added, referencing her late dad Robert Kardashian’s defense in OJ Simpson’s murder trial.
“I’m just here tonight to support you and celebrate you,” Kardashian concluded. “I’ll give you the same advice I give all of my exes, good luck knowing the best is behind you.”
Advertisement