Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Everything To Know About CT Sun Before WNBA Preseason Opener
Joe Mazzulla Updates Celtics Starter's Status Against Knicks
MLB Execs Heap Massive Praise On 'Impressive' Red Sox Rookie
How Fleet Can Clinch Playoff Spot In PWHL Season Finale
The Patriots are one of the worst teams in the NFL and many wondered if Jerod Mayo will be one and done at One Patriot Place.
New England was expected to be awful, but the way Mayo’s side lost games this season left a sour taste heading into the Week 14 bye. New reports cast doubt that the 38-year-old’s job was secure and added pressure to the final week of the season.
However, The Athletic’s Dianna Russini added an update on how Robert Kraft and team leadership feel about Mayo’s future.
“While there hasn’t been a public vote of confidence from the Kraft family, Patriots leadership is standing by head coach Jerod Mayo,” Russini wrote Saturday. “Just as discussions about the next NFL hiring cycles heat up, Robert Kraft has privately assured those close to him that he’s committed to giving his first-year head coach the time and resources he needs to grow into the role.”
The NFL insider added that the Kraft family knew the rebuild would take multiple years and they want to allow Mayo the “opportunity to find his voice, establish his footing, and develop into the leader they believe he can be.”
Story continues below advertisement
Kraft publicly revealed he hand-picked Mayo to be Bill Belichick’s successor in 2019, so it would have been surprising if the Patriots owner was swayed by another bad season. Mayo admitted he’s been keeping notes throughout the season and hopes to be better.
Drake Maye seems cemented as New England’s franchise quarterback, and it seems like Mayo will be given the chance to prove he’s the right head coach to lead the Patriots back to relevancy.
Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Featured image via David Butler II/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network