E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
This season could be an ugly one for the Patriots.
And we’ll have a much better idea by 4 p.m. on Sunday.
The Patriots face their first actual test Sunday since January, and that’s not just because it’s their first regular season game.
Through three preseason games, in an odd twist, the Patriots didn’t face any starters. The Panthers, Eagles and Commanders all rested starters against the Patriots in the preseason, meaning we really don’t know what to expect Sunday in Cincinnati.
We do know plenty about the Patriots after nearly seven weeks of training camp practices and preseason games.
Let’s answer some questions in this week’s mailbag.
The Patriots currently have six wide receivers on their 53-man roster in Javon Baker, Kayshon Boutte, DeMario Douglas, K.J. Osborn, Ja’Lynn Polk and Tyquan Thornton and two more on their practice squad in Matt Landers and Jalen Reagor.
Douglas (slot) and Thornton (X) are starters. Either Osborn or Polk will start at Z. I would give Polk a slight edge over Osborn, but both players have played in the top offense in recent practices. Then I’d go Boutte, then Baker.
That being said, I expect whoever starts in the “Z” spot between Osborn or Polk to be more productive than Thornton. Douglas might not be on the field every snap, but he’ll probably be the most productive out of the whole group.
And I do expect the Patriots to be in 11 personnel with three wide receivers, one running back and one tight end on the field for most snaps. They’ll mix it up at times by putting tight end Hunter Henry and Austin Hooper on the field at the same time. And we’ll likely see a jumbo set with two tight ends and a sixth offensive lineman. There hasn’t been much evidence that the Patriots plan to use running backs Rhamondre Stevenson and Antonio Gibson on the field at the same time, but Gibson does have experience at wide receiver and in the slot, so it’s possible.
No. I think one or both players will be inactive Week 1 against the Bengals.
Boutte was running with the third team for most of training camp but still made the roster. Baker was great at the beginning of camp and really tailed off. Maybe the Patriots develop a few players for Baker early this season, but he didn’t look particularly dependable by the end of the summer.
If anyone knows the answer to that question, the Patriots might have a role on staff for you.
But honestly, here’s what we saw last week in practice:
LT Chukwuma Okorafor
LG Nick Leverett
C David Andrews
RG Layden Robinson
RT Mike Onwenu
Left tackle Vederian Lowe and left guard Sidy Sow did not practice due to injuries suffered at the end of the summer.
If Sow returns, then he would simply replace Leverett at left guard.
If Lowe returns, then I could see Lowe at left tackle, Robinson at left guard, Andrews at center, Onwenu at right guard and Okorafor at right tackle.
If both Sow and Lowe return, then we could see Lowe at left tackle, Sow at left guard, Andrews at center, Onwenu at right guard and Okorafor at right tackle.
Robinson and Leverett appear to be the top backups on the interior offensive line. Caedan Wallace is the top backup at tackle. Waiver claims Demontrey Jacobs and Zachary Thomas are also on the roster. Jacobs is a tackle. Thomas has played tackle and guard.
That has not been part of the Patriots’ plans. So, that would be shocking at this point.
I think Wallace’s brightest future is at right tackle, where he could be a starter. He could see some snaps at left tackle this season, but in an ideal world, the Patriots find their starting left tackle next offseason and have Wallace locked in as the future at right tackle.
That would probably take a lot of injuries around the rest of the NFL.
But looking purely at the Patriots, Maye would have to play nearly as well as C.J. Stroud, which means the offensive line would have to outperform all expectations, and Polk and Douglas would have to have stellar seasons. Plus, the defense would have to at least play up to expectations.
Over. I have the Patriots finishing 4-13.
Assuming Bengals wide receiver Ja’Marr Chase plays, I’d put Jonathan Jones on Chase with help, Christian Gonzalez on Tee Higgins and Marcus Jones on the third receiver, whether that’s Andrei Iosivas, Trenton Irwin or Mike Gesicki.
Marte Mapu could eventually get traded, but I don’t expect that this season.
Mapu will miss four games on injured reserve. Then I expect him to be a backup strong safety behind Kyle Dugger and Jabrill Peppers.
He could also play linebacker on third downs.
I might be generous, but I’d give it a C+ so far.
Ultimately, I think they’re aware that this will not be an overly successful season and that they still have gaps to fill next offseason. They tried to sign Calvin Ridley and trade for Brandon Aiyuk. They just didn’t want to play for the Patriots.
They did a nice job re-signing their own players and acquiring a third-round pick trading Matthew Judon to the Falcons.
They needed to do more to help the offensive line, however, especially with a rookie quarterback.
No offense to Lowe. He’s a really nice guy, and maybe he makes a major jump this season. But after how poorly Lowe played in 2023, he really can’t be your top option to start at left tackle a year later. The Patriots re-signed Onwenu and then took risks by signing Okorafor and selecting Wallace and hoping they could play left tackle. The fact that – when every offensive lineman was healthy – Lowe was locked in at left tackle is evidence that they still prefer both Okorafor and Wallace on the right side.
Best offensive player: DeMario Douglas
Best defensive player: Christian Gonzalez
Will Campbell. The Patriots need a left tackle. Nothing is more important next offseason.
Tetairoa McMillan is ridiculous, though. As a Washington Huskies fan, I really wish he had followed Jedd Fisch from Arizona to Washington. He’s not Randy Moss, because no one is Randy Moss. But there was some Randy Moss to his game Saturday when he caught 10 passes for 304 yards with four touchdowns against New Mexico.
I don’t know how much it has to do with Jacoby Brissett’s performance. I think Drake Maye probably plays pretty soon.
In the unlikely scenario that Brissett is absolutely perfect, then sure, maybe he sticks as the starter.
But if the Patriots believe the infrastructure is in place offensively to start Maye, and if he they believe he’ll be a better option than Brissett, then I expect him to play.
As one source put it, given how well Maye has played, it’s “when” not “if” Maye replaces Brissett. That sounds like it could happy pretty early in the season.
I would say that the Patriots currently have two clearly starting-caliber players on their offensive line in Onwenu and Andrews. The other three spots are unproven or could be improved upon.
And Andrews is 32 and will be in a contract year next season.
Gonzalez.
Yes, I agree.
Wow, Sean’s coming in hot.
I understand some of the messaging from Mayo has been inconsistent. Let’s also remember that he’s replacing the foremost expert in handling the media, Bill Belichick. If the Patriots had shuffled through seven head coaches in the past 24 years, we might be making less of Mayo’s media miscues.
But also, let’s wait until we see the product on the field before we judge Mayo or the new coaching staff. I don’t know if we should really be coming to any conclusions on a staff based on how well they answer questions about a quarterback competition.
And for the record, I think the Patriots are making the right choice by sitting Maye to start the season, as long as they still plan on playing him this year. It’s the smart, conservative approach.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group