The Patriots draft their potential quarterback of the future in the 2024 NFL Draft 100 spots later than fans probably are expecting in draft analyst Matt Miller's most recent mock draft for ESPN.
Following a hypothetical trade with the Vikings for its No. 3 overall pick, Miller has New England selecting South Carolina quarterback Spencer Rattler with the third pick of the fourth round (No. 103 overall).
With buzz growing surrounding Jayden Daniels as a top-two pick, the Patriots could likely add North Carolina quarterback Drake Maye at No. 3. He's a better pro prospect than Rattler, who ranks as the seventh-best quarterback on Mel Kiper Jr.'s big board.
Rattler is a former five-star recruit out of high school but was maddeningly inconsistent in college, first at Oklahoma (2019-21) and then the last two seasons at South Carolina.
However, based on Minnesota's projected offer in Miller's mock draft, New England should at the very least consider moving down and waiting to address its quarterback need.
Miller has the Vikings sending the Patriots Nos. 11 and 23 in this year's draft and their first-round pick in 2025.
With its draft capital, New England selects one of the top offensive tackles in this year's class, Penn State's Olu Fashanu, at No. 11 and outstanding Iowa cornerback Cooper DeJean at No. 23.
Prior to the Rattler pick in the fourth round, Miller also has the Patriots drafting two wideouts, Florida State's Keon Coleman at No. 34 and Washington's Jalen McMillan at No. 68.
New England has plenty of holes on its roster, and it could put a quarterback drafted third overall in a position to fail.
By taking Miller's route, the Patriots would have a better team surrounding their rookie quarterback, who would probably sit behind 2024 free-agent signee Jacoby Brissett to start the season.
If the Rattler pick doesn't pan out, New England would likely have another top draft pick in 2025 to choose a quarterback. It might also be a contender for one in free agency, perhaps Justin Fields, if he performs well in Pittsburgh.
Trading down might be unpopular with fans, who would probably suffer through another lost season this fall. But with the strength of the AFC, the Patriots are a long shot to make the postseason regardless of who quarterbacks them.
It might make more sense for New England to spend the 2024 draft building the foundation for its next championship contender. But franchise quarterbacks don't grow on trees, so the front office's decision on a trade could speak volumes about how it views Maye.
If the Patriots strongly believe he can be their quarterback of the future, they should block any number with a 612 area code. If not, New England should hope Miller's hypothetical trade becomes a reality.
Eric Smithling is a writer based in New Orleans, LA, whose byline also appears on Athlon Sports.  He has been with Yardbarker since September 2022, primarily covering the NFL and college football, but also the NBA, WNBA, men’s and women’s college basketball, NHL, tennis and golf.  He holds a film studies degree from the University of New Orleans
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!