Follow us
All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Heatwave style can be pretty tricky, and it's particularly tough for Brits (because of course). Far more used to swaddling ourselves in layers and layers of swaddling, when the hot weather finally catches up with us, we just can't hack it. Should you get away with just wearing a T-shirt? Do you need sunglasses? Should you pack a raincoat just in case? Should you just stay inside?
Listen, it's not that deep. Warm weather isn't something that we're usually familiar with, we get it, but elevating your heatwave style is genuinely a lot easier and a lot simpler than you might think. So, to help you get it right this scorching season, we've come up with the 10 golden rules that you should follow to make sure your summer fits not only bang, but bang hard.
Mr Porter
#1: Pay attention to materials
A simple but important one, this. Wear the wrong fabrics in the heat and you'll not only run the risk of sweat patches, but you'll look uncomfortable all-day long. Silk-linen mixes, poplin cottons, and open-weave pique fabrics are your best bet here. In fact, anything breathable works. It's important to pay attention to cut too, so opt for roomy styles that will encourage air to flow around.
#2: Get a good hat
There's nothing like a classic baseball cap to keep the sun out of your eyes and the attention turned your way. Since the beginning of time itself, these have had the ability to transform any fit. Wanna go full incognito? Baseball cap. Chasing that off-duty look? Baseball cap. Heading to a festival but bucket hats are just too '90s raver for you? Baseball cap. This entry from Drake's will give your outfit a relaxed, preppy aesthetic. Plus, it's been specifically designed to look vintage, so everyone will automatically think that you have the greatest thrift plug on earth.
Mr Porter
#3: Wear sun cream, and lots of it
Sunburn sucks. Not only is it a bad look, but it can also lead to some pretty serious skin conditions further down the line. Make sure you're applying enough sunscreen with a SPF of at least 30. And before you ask, yes, you should slap it on even if it's a cloudy day.
#4: Throw on some proper shades
Every summer fit needs a solid pair of sunglasses. If you're searching for some this season, make sure the frames complement your face shape. For example, if your face is round, go for a pair that's on the squarer side. And if your face is square, opt for some rounder ones instead. You should also pay attention to colours. If you tend to wear beiges, blues, and greys then choose tortoiseshells. If you prefer primary hues or monochromatic shades, you really can't go wrong with black, like this pair from Jacques Marie Mage.
Mr Porter
#5: Buy all the shorts
Throw those jeans into the deepest, darkest depths of your wardrobe and buy loads of shorts. We're talking casual shorts, cargo shorts, denim shorts, drawstring shorts, running shorts, sweat shorts. Get yourself some Paul Mescal-coded short shorts too if you want a particularly steamy summer.
#6: Invest in vests
Vests have become a very, very important part of every guy's wardrobe. And if you haven't jumped on the tank top trend yet, now's the time to do it. Not only can you wear ‘em with your arms out and about (à la Jeremy Allen White), you can also layer them with an overshirt or a jacket. Vests come in all kinds of shapes and styles now too. There’s crochet ones from Hermès and, if you want something that's even sexier, Valentino just dropped some silk ones.
Mr Porter
#7: Get some new sneakers
Leather and suede trainers look great, for sure. But when the mercury rises, things can start to feel a little stuffy down south, so you want materials like canvas or mesh. If you're not a sneaker guy, that's OK! Get some elevated sandals from brands like Birkenstock and Suicoke instead.
#8: Use a no-stain deodorant
Simple, but effective – nothing will ruin your new sexy summer shirt more quickly than a load of white, powdery streaks plastered across the front of it. A good deodorant doesn't need to be expensive, but it needs to be effective.
Mr Porter
#9: Secure the bag
So you've got some nice shorts. Good for you! Now you need somewhere to actually put all your things. While you might be tempted to just stuff everything in your pockets (because that's what they're for, right?), it's honestly not a good look. Do the right thing and get yourself a decent bag. Check out shoulder bags from Bottega Veneta and totes by Loewe. And before you ask, backpacks are a no-no. Not only can they look a took office-y, they can also make your back sweat, like, a lot.
#10: Look after your hooves
Run clubs are everywhere now. According to new stats from Strava, five per cent of all app users are now doing full-on marathons, which is up 20 per cent compared to the year before. There are also 95 million posts on Instagram with the hashtag #running, and that number is skyrocketing at a speedy rate.
With all these jogs and runs and races, your feet are probably taking a bit of a beating. And when you've got your toes out in the park or on the beach, things can get pretty ugly. So make sure you're giving your steppers as much TLC as you possibly can. Things like filings your nails and keeping everything nice and moisturised can go a long, long way.
Mr Porter
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast