Filed under:
In addition to Taylor’s title at the Cliff Keen Invitational, Nebraska had seven wrestlers land on the podium with some impressive wins throughout
For the second year in a row, Nebraska finished second at the Cliff Keen Invitational in Las Vegas. After winning three tournaments in a row, Nebraska fell to Iowa State last year and Oklahoma State this season.
Under new head coach David Taylor, the Cowboys flexed their muscle in this one. They won two individual titles and had all ten wrestlers finish on the podium in the Top-5. They scored 192 points to second-place Nebraska’s 115. Ohio State finished third with 110.5, Virginia Tech took fourth with 90 points, and Iowa State finished fifth with 89.5. 
Battled till the end and finished runner-up out of 30 teams in Vegas.7️⃣ Huskers earned a spot on the podium in a field that featured 15 top-25 teams. https://t.co/DuEVyk58u2 pic.twitter.com/6PIHaS9FfP
Nebraska was one of nine schools who had an individual champion and had seven guys find the podium out of nine entries.
Coming in as the top seed, Taylor lived up to the hype in this one. 
Taylor won his first match via major decision before securing a pin in his second match. Moving on to the quarterfinal, Taylor exacted some revenge on Michigan’s #19 Chase Saldate. Saldate pinned Taylor during his redshirt season, but it was Taylor who got the win here in a wild 15-11 decision. Taylor scored four takedowns in the win. 
In the semifinal round, Taylor wrestled #8 Paddy Gallagher of Ohio State (4-seed) to a 1-1 tie after regulation, sending the match to sudden victory. In that overtime period, Taylor scored masterfully on the edge of the mat. Watch it for yourself below.
Antrell Taylor wins this wild scramble to defeat Paddy Gallagher in overtime and make the CKLV Finals!#ncaawrestling #cklv pic.twitter.com/5FGIfdbRCv
Onto the final, Taylor took on #6 Ryder Downey (3-seed) of UNI. After a scoreless first period, there was a pivotal sequence where Downey appeared to have Taylor on his back on a roll-through tilt, but Taylor was able to sit up enough to avoid swipes. Instead, he freed his arm and reversed Downey onto his back for two near-fall points. After an official review, the conclusion was a reversal and two back points for Taylor, giving him a 4-0 lead.
 @TaylorAntrell takes the 157-pound CKLV title with a 4-3 decision over Downey. https://t.co/QKDcW6jdFC pic.twitter.com/Mj8jXzyvne
Taylor then gave up an escape in the second and to start the third. Nursing a 4-2 lead, Taylor nearly scored on a pancake whip-over when he caught a late shot by Downey. Instead, he held on for a 4-3 decision win and a CKLV title as a sophomore.
With his perfect 5-0 record on the weekend, Taylor is now 12-0 on the year and bound to move up the rankings. 
The defending champ here, Lovett won his first two matches easily — via pinfall and major decision. In his quarterfinal match against #22 Sammy Alvarez of Rider, Lovett used an escape and a third-period ride-out to earn a 2-0 win.
It was in the semifinal round where the fireworks happened. Taking on #6 Anthony Echemendia of Iowa State, Lovett found himself down 6-2 after a takedown by Echemendia with just over 90 seconds left in the third. Then the Husker senior reached back, grabbed a leg and reversed the Cyclone onto his back on the edge of the mat for the takedown. Lovett held him there in a cross-face bow-and-arrow position for the rest of the match, collecting the four near-fall points and the 9-6 win.
Ridge Lovett turned the tables on Anthony Echemendia late in his CKLV semifinal bout! #CKLV #NCAAWrestling pic.twitter.com/DOhoQ0uadx
 With that win, Lovett moved on to face #1 Caleb Henson of Virginia Tech (1-seed) for the second year in a row in the CKLV final. 
This time around, it was Henson who scored the first-period takedown to go up 3-0, but Lovett almost immediately reversed him to cut the deficit to 3-2 going into the second.
Lovett chose down to start the second and tied the match with an escape. In the third, Henson showed Lovett’s top game a lot of respect by choosing neutral in a tied match. The third went scoreless, sending things to overtime.
In sudden victory, Henson was able to fire off a shot before doubling off for the winning takedown, taking the match 6-3. 
With his 4-1 record on the weekend, Lovett is now 7-1 on the year. 
Another Husker who came into Vegas undefeated, Hardy won his first two matches of the tournament via major decision — one of them a 10-1 major over #13 Jordan Titus of West Virginia (7-seed). 
In the semifinal match, Hardy took on #10 Tagen Jamison of Oklahoma State (6-seed). Hardy gave up a takedown to Jamison and had a tough time getting away from bottom as he surrendered a riding-time point. Hardy did score a reversal, but he dropped the match 7-4. Hardy was very close to a winning takedown as the match ended. The call was reviewed and confirmed as no takedown. 
This dropped Hardy to the consolation semi where he faced #18 Sam Latona of Virginia Tech (8-seed). Hardy used a first-period takedown and ride-out to cruise to a 5-0 win, advancing to the 3rd-place match.
Facing #11 Josh Koderhandt of Navy for the second time this season, Hardy wasted little time as he took Koderhandt down and slapped on a cradle for the win via pinfall in just 41 seconds. With the 3rd-place finish, Hardy is now a three-time CKLV placer.
  Brock Hardy ends it in just 40 seconds in the third-place match. https://t.co/mo4lsKUaBs pic.twitter.com/UEwskK7WOy
With his 4-1 record on the weekend, Hardy is now 12-1 on the year. 
Coming in as the undefeated top seed, Smith had a solid tournament but probably didn’t finish where he wanted. 
After wins in the first two rounds, Smith got his second win of the season against #11 Maximo Renteria of Oregon State (8-seed), this time a 4-2 decision. In the semi, Smith took on #8 Eddie Ventresca of Virginia Tech (5-seed). After a scoreless first period, both guys traded escapes before going to sudden victory tied at 1-1.
125 | @gas_caleb takes care of business in the first round with an 11-3 MD.He'll face C. Wagner (Binghamton) in the RD of 16. pic.twitter.com/Ayh00KrEuP
After a scoreless sudden-victory period, it went to tiebreakers. In the first tiebreaker, Smith started on bottom and was able to get an escape, but not until Ventresca racked up 29 seconds in riding time. In the second tiebreaker, Ventresca scored an escape 18 seconds in and was able to hold off Smith’s attacks. Smith lost the match 2-2 on 11 seconds of riding time in tiebreakers. 
In the consolation semifinal round, Smith took on Ohio State’s #14 Brendan McCrone (6-seed). After a scoreless first period, Smith scored in the second off of an illegal hold call and an escape to go up 2-0, but not before McCrone built up well over a minute of riding time. 
In the third, McCrone reversed Smith to tie things at 2-2. A Smith escape gave him a 3-2 lead, but the riding-time point sent things to sudden victory tied 3-3. 
In sudden victory, Smith was able to win the scramble to earn the 6-3 victory, moving on to the 3rd-place match where he took on #4 Troy Spratley of Oklahoma State (3-seed). 
After a scoreless first period, Smith chose down in the second and gave up a full-period ride-out. In the third, Smith threatened from the top position with a cement mixer but instead gave up the escape, and eventually the match, via 2-0 decision.
With his 4th-place finish and 4-2 record on the weekend, Smith is now 11-2 on the year. 
One of Nebraska’s standouts of the weekend was Wilson. He started his tournament with an 11-1 major decision win before downing #8 Max Mayfield of Northwestern 5-1 in the round of 16. 
In the quarters, Wilson took on #3 Sammy Sasso of Ohio State (the 2-seed). Just before last season, Sasso was shot in the stomach during a carjacking. After months of recovery, rehab and training, Sasso has returned up at 165 pounds. A two-time NCAA finalist at 149 pounds, Sasso was set to move up to 157 last season before getting shot.
After a scoreless first period, Wilson scored an escape in the second to go up 1-0. In the third, Sasso scored a reversal to briefly take the lead before Wilson reversed him back to go up 3-2. A Sasso escape made it 3-3. Wilson scored a late takedown before surrendering an escape and held on for the 6-4 upset win.
FIRE US UP, BUBBA.@bubbawi56442129 picks up a top-10 win and is the SIXTH Huskers in the semis   https://t.co/Iy5rDUZXAX pic.twitter.com/1pklUbe6Ql
With the win, Wilson moved on to face #9 Cam Amine of Oklahoma State (6-seed) in the semifinal round. After another scoreless first period, the two traded escapes before going to sudden victory tied at 1-1. In sudden victory, Amine shot in before Wilson went for a re-attack. Amine defended and got a re-attack of his own and secured the takedown and the 4-1 win.
In the consolation semis, Wilson took on #26 Drake Rhodes of South Dakota State. The Husker senior scored two takedowns on the way to a 7-4 decision win. 
In the 3rd-place match, Wilson faced #5 Terrell Barraclough of Utah Valley. Wilson lost to Barraclough 8-0 in the season-opener and was shut out again in this one. After a scoreless first period, Barraclough scored a fast escape in the second. In the third, Wilson chose neutral but was unable to get a takedown, dropping the match 1-0. 
With his 4-2 record on the weekend, Wilson is now 9-3 on the year. With his wins over Sasso and Mayfield, I expect Wilson to move up the rankings this week. 
Van Dee had an amazing Friday before coming back down to Earth on Saturday. 
A sophomore, Van Dee won his first match via pinfall before winning a 12-1 major decision in the second round. In the quarterfinal round, Van Dee pulled off a big upset with a 10-4 win over #4 Dylan Ragusin of Michigan, the top seed in the tournament. Van Dee scored two takedowns and three near-fall points in the win. 
CKLV Quarterfinals are live!! Jacob Van Dee kicked off the session with an upset victory over #4 Dylan Ragusin #CKLV #ncaawrestling pic.twitter.com/3yTJVDuWWc
In Saturday’s semifinal against #15 Zeth Romney of Cal Poly, Van Dee gave up the only takedown in a 5-2 loss. 
In the consolation semis, Van Dee went to overtime with Oklahoma State’s Reece Witcraft tied at 1-1, but Witcraft was able to catch Van Dee in a headlock for a takedown and four near-fall points. With the 8-1 loss, Van Dee fell to the 5th-place match.
In that match, Van Dee took on #10 Tyler Knox of Stanford (the 3-seed). After a scoreless first period, Knox rode Van Dee out for the second while adding four near-fall points. Knox then chose top in the third and rode out the period again for the 5-0 win over Van Dee.
After going 3-3 this weekend, Van Dee is now 4-5 on the year. He’ll be a hard guy to rank, as he’s under .500 for the year but has a win over a top guy. All of his losses have come to ranked opponents as well. 
A sophomore for the Huskers, Andrews started things off with a bang when he pinned #14 Cory Day of Binghamton in just 38 seconds in his first match. 
YESSIR HARLEY ANDREWS‼️ HWT | @dripH20 only needed 38 seconds to knock off No. 17 Day and earn a spot in the quarters. pic.twitter.com/FnJVucZuN5
Andrews went on to fall to #8 Nick Feldman of Ohio State via 18-3 tech fall. Dropping down to the consolations, Andrews beat #28 Trevor Tinker of Cal Poly 16-13 before falling to Oregon State’s David Mower 5-3. 
Andrews then medically forfeited the 7th-place match. With his 2-3 record on the weekend, Andrews is now 7-5 on the year. 
In his first season in Lincoln, McDanel looked pretty good against some really good competition in Vegas, despite not placing.
McDanel won his opening match via 13-5 major decision over Cornell’s Aiden Hanning. In his next match, McDanel took on #12 Luke Surber (5-seed) of Oklahoma State. McDanel was able to score a second-period takedown but gave up two to Surber, dropping the match 9-4. 
In the consolation bracket, McDanel won his first match via 18-3 tech fall before downing #32 Austin Cooley of West Virginia via 21-13 major decision. McDanel then fell to #13 Joey Novak (7-seed) of Wyoming 6-4. 
197 | @CamdenMcdanel with some third-period swipes in a 18-3 TF. https://t.co/pPHS5VHWv2 pic.twitter.com/5X9OZQqIfl
With his 3-2 record on the weekend, McDanel is now 8-4 on the year.
Pinto opened his tournament with a 19-4 tech fall win over Rider’s #28 Michael Wilson, but he dropped his next two.
Pinto fell to Cornell’s #11 Simon Ruiz (the 6-seed) 6-4 in the quarterfinal round before losing to #14 Jared Simma of UNI (8-seed) in the consolations. 
With his 1-2 finish in Vegas, Pinto is now 7-3 on the year. 
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.