Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The majestic full-size replica of the 17th Century Spanish galleon, Galeon Andalucia, is set to sail into the South West. The “Galeón Andalucía” will soon visit Cowes and dock at Trinity Landing from September 3 to September 8.
The Galeon Andalucia acts as a floating museum where the public can board and delve into the ship's six decks, brimming with intriguing features, exhibits, and displays. The ship's live-in crew will be available to engage with visitors, offering insights into the ship itself and the illustrious history of the Spanish galleon fleet.
Historically, these ships played a pivotal role between the 16th and 18th centuries, dominating trade and cultural routes that were unprecedented in both distance and duration in maritime history.
Read More - Crash victim named as family pay tribute to 'larger-than-life character'
Read More - Government orders thousands more homes in Somerset
While these were the vessels that made up the Spanish Armada, which in 1588 tried and failed to defeat an English fleet led by Sir Francis Drake, it was the galleons that bridged the "two halves of the Earth", facilitating the exchange of goods, people, cultures, ideas, and aesthetics from several continents.
The Galeon Andalucia, built by the Nao Victoria Foundation at the Punta Umbria shipyard in Huelva, Spain, was launched in 2009. Since then, it has covered more than 70,000 nautical miles across the world's oceans, visited ports on four continents, participated in numerous cultural projects, and welcomed thousands of visitors in over a hundred ports worldwide.
A statement from the organisers said: "It will be the perfect opportunity to visit this unique replica in the world. After the success of the Galeón Andalucía in all the ports it has visited, we recommend that you buy your tickets in advance to avoid queues and not miss the opportunity to come aboard and tour the decks. When the online tickets are sold out we will no longer have tickets available! Only from 3 to 8 September from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm non-stop. Visit the floating museum with an exhibition in which you can visit 5 of its decks."
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.