Senior Reporter
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — As Raheem Morris alluded to in his Wednesday press conference, the Falcons enter into Week 14's prep in a good spot by way of health with a lot of defensive roll players trending back to 100%.
Cornerback Mike Hughes was a full participant in Wednesday's practice. He's been working through a neck injury that has kept him out of the Falcons last two games. In his place has started Clark Phillips III.
Inside linebackers Troy Andersen (knee) and Nate Landman (hamstring) were listed as limited, as were DL Zach Harrison (Achilles) and CB Kevin King (not injury related-personal matter). DL Ruke Orhorhoro also returned to practice in limited fashion. He's been on injured reserve with an ankle injury for each of the last four games. The Falcons opened his 21-day window to return to active status Wednesday.
Below is a complete look at the Falcons Wednesday injury report. You can view the injury reports of both the Falcons and Vikings here.
Wednesday, Dec. 4
Full Participation
Limited Participation
Did Not Participate
Stay up to date on everything you need to know about the Falcons in free agency. 
Tori McElhaney answers your questions. 
The Falcons drafted four defensive players who could break into the 2025 starting lineup.
The Falcons picked up the 2022 first-round draft pick's fifth-year option. 
The Falcons' assistant general manager is also confident the team gained four defensive starters through the draft.
Falcons organization fined $250,000, defensive coordinator Jeff Ulbrich fined $100,000. 
The 2022 first-round draft pick's near future in Atlanta has been decided.
Fourteen rookie quarterbacks were drafted. How does the market look now?
The Falcons have often gone against conventional wisdom when making their first round decisions. This draft was no different, but the need for immediate impact will stress the strategy. 
A closer look at the five players the Atlanta Falcons selected in the 2025 NFL Draft.
The Falcons selected five players in the 2025 NFL Draft, but they aren't finished adding to their rookie class.

    © Atlanta Falcons Football Club - 2025