Filed under:
Giants’ assistant GM offers more detail on how the Giants decided to select LSU wide receiver
J.J. McCarthy, and by extension Michael Penix and Bo Nix, were not serious considerations for the New York Giants at No. 6 in the 2024 NFL Draft. Assistant GM Brandon Brown confirmed that and explained why on this week’s ‘Official Hard Knocks Podcast’ with Peter Schrager.
“We took all the quarterbacks through the whole gauntlet ad nauseum,” Brown told Schrager. “When we got down to it, there was a separation in terms of how we onboard them, what the return may be early on, then compared to the playmakers, whether it’s Marv, whether it’s Malik.”
Brown also confirmed the Giants’ interest in quarterbacks Jayden Daniels and Drake Maye.
“We felt great just from a support, a plan, talking with [Brian] Daboll, talking with Joe, the coordinators, that those top-three quarterbacks you mentioned, along with both Marv [Harrsion] and Malik, that would have gave us the best opportunity to really get off and run it,” Brown said. 
The Giants drafted Nabers, of course. It became increasingly clear watching ‘Hard Knocks’ that the LSU star was their top choice among the receivers. We even heard Schoen say “C’mon, Malik Nabers. Be there [at No. 6] please,” in the hours before the draft.
Why?
Brown said the choice “started to crystallize as we got further in the process.”
“So when you talk about going through the whole fact-finding journey with Malik, I think the first thing is giving someone grace. It’s knowing, one, what their origin is, how they were raised, the adversity that they’ve had to overcome, who their support system is,” Brown said. “And then, two, highlighting the unseen work. That’s the biggest thing with Malik. It’s the love of football. And I think when we talk about, yeah, he’s got dog, he’s got edge, but this guy does work when no one’s watching.
“We got countless anecdotes and stories about days off where Malik is in there catching jugs, running routes, doing the extra work where these aren’t the things that the average, call it scout or layman knows, but these are the extra tidbits because you’re tied into that building. So it’s almost like bringing the full, call it story full circle of, hey, this is what he’s done, this is what we’ve seen on game day, but what is his process? You go from the —Everyone sees the A and the Z, but like to me, like the B to Y of — the nooks and crannies of what makes him him, what makes him tick, and how does he respond in those moments when no one’s watching?”
If you have been enthralled by what you have learned about the Giants during the offseason, you should be listening to the podcast. You learn even more about how and why the Giants made the decisions they did.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.