The 6 God had a strong message for the rest of the rap game during his show in Sunrise, Fla. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Drake has appeared to respond to Kendrick Lamar’s scathing disses from his assist on “Like That,” which landed on Future and Metro Boomin’s We Don’t Trust You collab album last week. 

	The 6 God took the stage as usual at Amerant Bank Arena in Sunrise, Fla., on Sunday night (March 24), but delivered a pugnacious message to the crowd seemingly addressing his rap peers and the feud before leaving.

	“A lot of people ask me how I’m feeling. I’ma let you know I’m feeling. Listen, the same way I’m feeling is the same way I want you to walk out this building tonight,” he said before raising his voice further. “I got my f–king head up high, my back straight, I’m 10 f–king toes down in Florida and anywhere else I go. And I know that no matter what, it’s not a n—a on this earth that could ever f–k with me in my life!”

	










	Fans appeared to enjoy the rant from Drake, as he was met with resounding applause before the It’s All a Blur – Big As the What? show came to an end. 
Drake officially addresses Kendrick Lamar on stage “I got my head held high, my back straight, I’m ten f**king toes down… and I know no matter what there’s not another n**ga that could ever f*ck with me on this Earth” pic.twitter.com/4xJZ1kX8uS

	K. Dot previously put Drizzy and J. Cole on blast with his scintillating “Like That” verse, which in part came as a response to the notion of them being the Big Three in rap, as Cole rhymed about on his and Drake’s Billboard Hot 100-topping “First Person Shooter.”

	“Yeah, get up with me, f–k sneak dissing/ ‘First Person Shooter,’ I hope they came with three switches,” Lamar raps before addressing the duo once again. “Think I won’t drop the location? I still got PTSD/ Motherf–k the Big Three, n—a, it’s just big me.”

	Kendrick discards Cole and then aims his crosshairs at Drake while name-dropping his For All the Dogs album and then comparing the two to late music icons Prince and Michael Jackson on the We Don’t Trust You track: “N—a, bum, ‘fore all your dogs gettin’ buried/ That’s a K with all these nines, he gon’ see Pet Sematary.” (Drake tied MJ for Hot 100 No. 1 hits last year.)

	The Pulitzer Prize-winning rapper also rhymes: “And your best work is a light pack/ N—a, Prince outlived Mike Jack.”

	Drake and Kendrick Lamar have had an icy relationship since Kung Fu Kenny’s atomic verse on Big Sean’s “Control” in 2013. They collaborated a year prior for Kendrick’s “Poetic Justice” and haven’t teamed up since. 

	










	The 6 God heads to Birmingham, Ala., for a show on Wednesday (March 27), and then will head north for a few New York dates.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.