Follow us
All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission.
A friend once told me he thinks of his wardrobe like a football team. Your pants, socks and t-shirts are your defenders: unglamorous but essential purchases that shore things up at the back. Your best trousers are your solid but unfussy midfielders, there mainly to support the strikers up front, which are your big knits and eternally good coats. Squad balance is crucial, but as per the game, you should invest the heaviest in your goal scorers – the ones who will deliver the glory.
I’ve always liked this way of thinking about clothes. Not quite enough to, as my friend does, hold imaginary press conferences to announce my latest signings – but close. The thing is, as I’ve gotten older I’ve found myself changing tactics. Call it a Guardiolian-conversion, but for my money, men in their forties should be spending far more on the players in the middle of the park.
In your twenties and thirties, when you’re still chasing trends and standing out is a good thing, it makes sense to splash out on the pieces up top. With limited funds available, a 20-goals-a-season trench coat or leather jacket can mark you out as a man of taste and ambition, while helping to hide any forgivable sins going on elsewhere.
There is a tendency, though, for men to carry this spirit forward into their 40s and 50s, and continue to invest big in knitwear and jackets while leaving their trousers as a sad afterthought. “I don’t think older men realise how much of an impact well-fitting trousers have,” says Peter Zottolo, a menswear photographer and writer who runs the account UrbanComposition. “They underestimate their value and what it can add to an outfit.” In your slightly crumpled but still handsome years, you’re not aiming to make a splash so much look paired back and at ease with the world. Pretty tricky to do if one-half of your fit is a pair of thread-bare chinos you’ve been clinging to like your hairline.
If anything, you’d be better off flipping it around completely. A pair of perfectly cut woolen trousers can look sick with a thrown-on t-shirt and worker jacket. But anything quality up top will be fatally undermined if you’ve done a Clarkson and worn ill-fitting – or worse, skinny – jeans. The good news, as Zottolo explains, is that we’re in a new golden age for men’s trousers. “We’re getting back to the fit that is the most flattering for most body types,” he tells me. This means roomier legs and higher waists. “Wider trousers still have to fit well. But they’re the most forgiving, they’re very comfortable to wear and you can wear them for a variety of occasions.” Consider it the death knell – once and for all – for the slim fit look that has dominated the past twenty or so years of menswear. “Once you’ve tried [wider trousers], it’s very difficult to conceive of going back to squeezing yourself into pants that were arguably too tight.”
Drake's
Drake's
Sunspel
Sunspel
Pairing some pleated slacks or something high-waisted from Drake’s or Sunspel or A Day’s March, with a solid colour tee or a crew neck, is a great place to start. The ascendancy of unfussy workwear brands like Dickies or Carhartt is also much safer territory for someone probably due a prostate exam than whatever it is the kids are doing with their t-shirts nowadays. Zottolo recommends UK designer Scott Fraser if you’re looking to invest big, and The Anthology, which do smart knit t-shirts perfect for your new era. “They are not terribly expensive, but several steps up from something you might get at Uniqlo,” he explains, “and a really nice way to look casual, but still keep the overall aesthetics smart.”
Then there’s the symbolism of it all. Having a solid but unflashy base to your outfit rotation is befitting a time of life when, ideally, you’ll have the foundations of your future in place (or least be able to do a passing impression of someone who does). What’s more, if you do still want to experiment up top – and good luck to you, we love it! – great trousers show you’re doing it from a position of stability and self-assurance, a bit like playing the stock market without missing your mortgage repayment. “We’re getting back to the same width that our fathers and grandfathers wore,” says Zottolo, reassuringly. “You look at those old pictures and think, Ah those guys we so stylish. And fortunately, we’re getting more and more options to incorporate that in our wardrobe.”
The final part of your team building? That should be obvious. It all falls apart if you don’t have a quality goalkeeper – otherwise known as a great pair of shoes or sneakers (we recommend some GH Bass loafers, or an off-white Samba). But hey: as an experienced football manager, you knew that already.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast