Seattle Seahawks linebacker Tyrel Dodson (0) looks on during an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams, Sunday, Nov. 3, 2024 in Seattle. The Rams defeated the Seahawks 26-20. (AP Photo/Ben VanHouten)AP
The Seattle Seahawks entered their Week 10 bye week last Sunday having lost four of their previous five games, prompting first-year head coach Mike Macdonald to re-evaluate the program, particularly on defense.
Macdonald made a change by waiving starting middle linebacker Tyrel Dodson, the team announced Monday. The move was a surprise, considering Dodson had started all nine games and led the team in tackles this season. Dodson had posted 71 total tackles, along with five tackles for loss, two sacks, a forced fumble and two passes defensed.
The release of Dodson continues a shakeup at the position. The Seahawks acquired Ernest Jones IV in a trade with the Tennessee Titans that sent Jerome Baker to Tennessee on Oct. 23. 
Dodson signed a one-year, $4.26 million deal with the Seahawks in March after spending his first five seasons with the Buffalo Bills.
With Dodson out, Drake Thomas, an undrafted free agent in 2023 or rookie Tyrice Knight, a fourth-round pick (No. 118) in the 2024 NFL draft, are the candidates to step into the starting lineup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices