New England Patriots guard Layden Robinson (64) reacts to being defeated by the Miami Dolphins 15-10 in an NFL football game on Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Greg M. Cooper)AP
FOXBOROUGH – The Patriots are rebuilding. With that comes playing younger players to figure out which pieces can turn into building blocks for the franchise.
The Patriots know they have their quarterback with rookie Drake Maye. After that, however, there are a lot of question marks about this roster. It’s obvious the front office has a lot of work to do before this franchise is back in the playoffs. The big question, however, is which young players that are currently in New England will be here to help in the future.
That’s why these last five games are so important for Jerod Mayo.
On Friday, the Patriots coach named several young players that the franchise wants to see more from before the end of the season.
“Not to get too specific, but I will,” Mayo said. “You need a guy like Layden Robinson to show what he can do. We need a guy like Cole Strange, before the end of the season, to see what he can do. You can use Caedan [Wallace] in that same bucket. We need to see what the receivers can do and what they’re going to look like going forward.
“That’s the hard part for me. Look, you want to win right now. But at the same time, I think it would be a disservice to go to the end of the season and not know exactly what we have.”
Here’s a look at what answers the Patriots need from those players:
Drafted in the fourth round, pick 103, the Patriots view Robinson as a promising player. The rookie started six games at right guard this season but struggled in pass protection and was benched after a tough day in Tennessee. With Michael Onwenu settled in at right guard, the Patriots need to see if Robinson can handle left guard duties.
In college, Robinson was a right guard but if he can handle left guard and show promise, it means the Patriots have their two guards (Onwenu and Robinson) of the future. If Robinson can’t handle the left side, then left guard becomes another need.
Tackle was one of the biggest needs for the Patriots this past offseason and will likely remain a big need next offseason. Just how big of a need it is depends on Wallace. Drafted in the third round, pick 68, the rookie has been held back this season due to an ankle injury which landed him on the injured reserve.
Mayo has said he expects Wallace to return and when he does, the Patriots should seriously consider starting him at right tackle. That’s the position Wallace played at Penn State and it’s one where the Patriots have received inconsistent play this season with Demontrey Jacobs. If Wallace looks like a future starting tackle, the Patriots have an answer for the future. If not, the team will likely need to find multiple new tackles next offseason.
At one point, Strange was viewed as the left guard of the future by the Patriots. After he suffered a torn patellar tendon, that outlook changed with the new coaching staff. When Strange returned to practice last week, the Patriots moved him to the center position.
On Friday, Mayo said Strange would play for the Patriots this season. They’ll work him in at center to see if he could be a long-term replacement for David Andrews. Andrews wants to return next season but after suffering a torn rotator cuff that’s not certain. Center could be a major position of need for the Patriots. But if Strange looks like a capable center perhaps that changes.
When Mayo mentioned “the receivers,” he was likely talking about rookies Polk and Baker. Drafted in the second round, pick 37, Polk has had a rough rookie season. He has 12 catches, on 30 targets, for 87 yards and two touchdowns. Polk has two catches for 9 yards in the last five games. The Patriots need more from their second-highest draft pick.
Baker made his first NFL start last weekend (and saw his first target) but he’s still searching for his first catch as a pro. The fourth-round pick was drafted to be a deep threat but is behind Kayshon Boutte on the depth chart at X-receiver.
As of right now, receiver is a major need for the Patriots. They need a game-changer. It would help if one (or both) of their rookie receivers looked like someone who could make an impact in this offense in the future.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices