ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MIAMI GARDENS, FLORIDA - JULY 24: Rapper Kendrick Lamar performs onstage during day three of Rolling ... More Loud Miami 2022 at Hard Rock Stadium on July 24, 2022 in Miami Gardens, Florida. (Photo by Jason Koerner/Getty Images)
Kendrick Lamar scored one of the biggest hits of his career earlier this year by dissing Drake. The rapper’s “Not Like Us” was an immediate smash the moment it was released, and it was a major story in the music industry. Weeks after the tune dropped, it’s surging again, and it could potentially return to No. 1 on an important ranking.
“Not Like Us” currently sits at No. 2 on Spotify’s U.S. chart. Lamar’s track is making a play for the top spot as it climbs once again, but it faces tough competition from the hottest new name in pop.
Currently, Sabrina Carpenter continues to rule the ranking of the most-streamed tunes on Spotify in America. Her latest single “Please Please Please” holds at No. 1, and while the two titles are close to one another in terms of placement on the list, they’re not actually nearing a tie.
On Friday, June 21, “Please Please Please” racked up another 3.9 million plays in the U.S. alone on Spotify. “Not Like Us” managed just over three million.
For the moment, Carpenter rules the ranking by nearly one million streams. That’s a huge lead, especially considering that’s just in a single day…but Lamar is heating up, and his smash shouldn’t be counted out.
Lamar recently performed “Not Like Us” live for the first time at a massive concert he held in his hometown of Los Angeles. The hip-hop powerhouse’s event was something of a victory lap, as his war with Drake has seemingly come to an end–at least for now–with Lamar being named the victor.
The concert was livestreamed by Amazon for all to see, and the moment became a trending topic–one that’s continued to be discussed long after the show ended. All that conversation has helped “Not Like Us” become hugely popular again, and in the days following the concert, the tune has rocketed up the charts on streaming sites and iTunes.
“Please Please Please” is still performing very well, but it might begin to fall soon. It’s been living high on the Spotify chart for just over two weeks, so it wouldn’t be strange to see it start to slip soon. If Lamar can keep people talking about–and streaming–“Not Like Us” for the next few days or even week, he may be able to close the gap between himself and Carpenter, possibly sending his single back to the summit on the Spotify list.