Digital Content Producer for NESN.com
I write about the Patriots and other sports. Frequent guest on NESN's "Foxboro Rush" podcast. Bill Belichick once told me I asked a "good question," and I think he meant it. Also walked 18 holes with Scottie Scheffler.
Why NFL Legend Confident Will Campbell Will 'Thrive' With Patriots
Continuing His Run: Origin Of Patriots' TreVeyon Henderson
Will Campbell's Edge Is Why He'll Stick There, NFL Legend Says
Red Sox Vs. Blue Jays Lineups: Garrett Crochet Starts Series Opener
FOXBORO, Mass. — It’s not as if the New England Patriots were overjoyed after their 41-21 loss to the Houston Texans at Gillette Stadium on Sunday. Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo said he personally let rookie quarterback Drake Maye down. Veteran defender Davon Godchaux called out the defense’s lack of “pride” following an “embarrassing” loss. Those sentiments were not alone.
But there’s no denying the vibes among offensive players were more optimistic after Maye’s first start.
Patriots wideout DeMario Douglas, specifically, sang a different tune than he did just a few days prior. Douglas was tight-lipped inside the locker room Wednesday, shortly after Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo confirmed Maye was named the starter. The second-year wideout spoke to reporters with dejected veteran quarterback Jacoby Brissett just a few lockers away, almost awkwardly. Douglas, among others, took a business-like approach to the quarterback change rather than show enthusiasm.
It was different Sunday afternoon. 
“I don’t like losing, but just what I seen in little spurts, I feel like we’re moving in the right direction,” said Douglas, whose first career touchdown came on a 35-yard catch and run from Maye. 
Story continues below advertisement
Douglas said his feelings were solidified when he saw the number 444 as he walked out of the training room. He noted the “angel number” 444 in numerology is a sign of moving in the right direction. Maye’s performance had Patriots players literally thinking about the brightest of stars.
Kendrick Bourne was equally as optimistic. Bourne was “encouraged” to see the potential of the Maye-led offense, noting it had been different. Bourne, who was held to two catches on two targets for 9 yards, said he “really loved” Maye’s ability to take a hit and get back up. Patriots tight end Hunter Henry said Maye’s poise and resiliency stood out “first and foremost” to him, as well.
Bourne and others lauded the rookie for his natural leadership in the huddle.
“His aura — he has aura,” Bourne said. “That’s important in football. Some people have aura, some people don’t. He’s kind of one of those. He doesn’t have to try, he’s that guy.”
Story continues below advertisement
Douglas added: “He got the swag to him. … I’d run through a wall with him.”
The jolt to the locker room was a direct result of Maye’s on-field performance. 
He threw more touchdowns (three) than Brissett did in five games. Maye (20-for-33, 243 yards, three touchdowns, two interceptions) led New England’s offense to a season-high in passing yards and recorded the most passing yards against Houston’s defense this season. With Maye behind center, the Patriots looked like a professional offense for the first time this season. He can stretch the field with his arm and move the chains with his legs.
That’s not to say it was perfect. Maye accounted for three turnovers and the Texans scored 17 points off those giveaways. That was the most discouraging part of Maye’s debut, no doubt.
Story continues below advertisement
But Mayo and the Patriots inserted Maye because they felt the offense needed a spark. The rookie undoubtedly provided that on the field and in the locker room. Now it’s up to the rest of the group to follow suit. 
Digital Content Producer for NESN.com
I write about the Patriots and other sports. Frequent guest on NESN's "Foxboro Rush" podcast. Bill Belichick once told me I asked a "good question," and I think he meant it. Also walked 18 holes with Scottie Scheffler.
Featured image via Brian Fluharty/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network