Drug traffickers operated under the codenames Moody Camel and Unreal Penguin as they ran a cocaine business "on the most serious and commercial scale".
Joseph Drake, Joseph Cropper, Ronan Hanlon and Jordan Smith were part of a Merseyside-based gang with a "nationwide reach", shipping hundreds of kilograms of illicit substances potentially worth an estimated £8.4million across the country. They were locked up for a combined total of more than 75 years this afternoon, Wednesday.
A trial at Liverpool Crown Court, prosecuted by Richard Pratt KC and Nicola Daley, heard that Drake - of Overchurch Road in Upton, Wirral - had used the handles "UnrealPenguin" and "TitanicPainter" on encrypted communications platform EncroChat before the network was infiltrated by French law enforcement authorities during 2020. Meanwhile, Cropper, of Lynnbank in Oxton, traded under the username "MoodyCamel".
READ MORE: Son was asleep in bed when hail of bullets came flying into his bedroom
READ MORE: Pensioner, 87, denies killing 25-year-old motorcyclist in crash
Their operation was said to have been already "well established" by this time, being involved in the acquisition and adulteration of kilo quantities of cocaine before selling them on for profit. Having repressed and repacked the blocks of drugs, the organised crime group "passed them off as the original, higher quality product' to their customers - who were located as far afield as Glasgow, Newcastle, Bristol and London.
They also charged other gangs a fee of £2,000 per kilogram in order to bulk out their wares, but would "skim off" amounts of their cocaine and flog them after repurposing them into new kilos. Messages exchanged via the service showed that they had been involved in the trafficking of at least 200kg of the class A substance.
Drake was said to have been responsible for "negotiating prices" with other EncroChat users. The 48-year-old also referenced drugs being sourced from Columbia and other countries during his secret communications.
Cropper meanwhile had "direct oversight" of a safehouse, which was referred to as "the basement", as well as the "adulteration process". The 40-year-old was also shown to have travelled across the country in order to share his "expertise" in this area with other criminals in return for payment.
The two men "enlisted the services of others" as part of their plot, including Hanlon. The 41-year-old allowed the OGC to use his mum's home on Budworth Close in Oxton, which she had moved out of amid the covid pandemic, when they relocated their "base of operations" from the basement in May 2020.
The premises was then used for cutting and repacking drugs for around three weeks, with photographs taken inside showing several kilos of cocaine being stacked in the kitchen. Hanlon, of South Hill Road in Birkenhead, received a reward of £25,000 in return.
Smith meanwhile was recruited as courier, moving drugs and cash around the UK. The 26-year-old, of Townsend Street in Bidston, was arrested in July 2020 carrying a kilo of cocaine, worth around £40,000, in a concealed hide in his van, and was shown to have made 14 separate trips to locations in the south east, the West Country and London during lockdown.
Drake has a total of 24 previous convictions for 74 offences, including receiving seven-and-a-half years for conspiracy to supply cocaine in the Milton Keynes area in 2011. Scott Brady KC, appearing on his behalf, said: "There was no luxurious lifestyle, no suggestion of fancy holidays.
"He was still trying to run a skip business on the side, trying to have some sort of hard-working activity in which he could make money. There was no profit whatsoever for this 48-year-old man.
"He has, however, this. He will emerge from this sentence, and he will have the support of his family."
Drake appeared to wipe tears away as Mr Brady read out a reference from his son, which stated: "Joseph Drake is a hard working, principled and charitable man - I have been lucky enough to call this man my dad for 23 years. He taught me the value of working hard and being kind to others."
The defence silk continued: "This is a man who has gone through all of this and has nothing to show for it, other than a long stretch in prison. I ask your honour to pass a sentence which will give him some light at the end of the tunnel, when he can hopefully rebuild his life as a hard working and honest member of the community."
Cropper's criminal record shows eight entries for 12 offences, including a six-week suspended sentence in 2010 for supply cannabis. Libby Anderson, defending, told the court: "He was an easily replaceable part - a cog in this conspiracy rather than a leader, the one cranking the handle.
"Mr Cropper is not someone who has lived an entrenched life of criminality. He has made mistakes perhaps, but that is very different from someone who has perpetually been involved in offences which are much closer in seriousness.
"The thing that really sticks out is Mr Cropper's dedication to his family. It makes it quite challenging to reconcile that with everything we have heard during this trial.
"It is often the family who are left waiting on the outside for years and years. That is something he bitterly regrets.
"Mr Cropper can be described as compassionate, polite, diligent and keen to learn, but also someone who has had his demons to battle. That all started with challenging family circumstances in his childhood.
"That triggered his desire to provide security and a loving environment for his children. He will, of course, miss a number of milestones.
"He will not be there to be a role model and provide the security he was lacking. That has effectively been ripped away from them by this conspiracy and his involvement.
"He is someone who has been involved in the church, someone willing to help out his neighbours whenever needed. He was struggling with grief and trauma from the bereavement of his mother at the relevant time."
Hanlon has two sets of previous convictions for a public order offence and possession of cocaine and cannabis. Richard Butcher said in mitigation: "Mr Hanlon's work had dried up with the onset of covid, and he needed money to support his family.
"He was a joiner by trade. He has no relevant drug dealing convictions."
Smith has no previous convictions. His counsel Zarif Khan said: "It is clear that he was doing what he was doing, as a courier, under the direction of others.
"It is interesting that, the day he was arrested, he was more interested in the fishing tackle in his van than the other items found. Testimonials speak very highly of him.
"He is a man who is a carer and has done voluntary work. There is some positive light at the end of the tunnel for him."
Each defendant was convicted of conspiracy to supply cocaine by a jury. Drake was jailed for 26 years, while Cropper received 19 years.
Smith, who also admitted conspiracy to convey prohibited articles into a prison in relation to drugs and other contraband which was thrown into HMP Berwyn in North Wales, was locked up for 16 years. Hanlon was imprisoned for 15-and-a-half years.
All four men were seen to wave towards the public gallery, where family members sat in tears, as they were led down to the cells. Hanlon meanwhile blew a kiss to his loved ones.
Sentencing, Judge Gary Woodhall said: "This was a sophisticated, well planned, well prepared, successful and persistent criminal operation to obtain and adulterate multiple kilograms of cocaine for onward supply. This conspiracy had a nationwide reach, involving others based in Glasgow, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, London, Bristol and others areas of the south east.
"It is clear that this was an operation on the most serious and commercial scale, involving multiple kilograms of cocaine at any one time. You should have thought about the consequences on those you love before you became involved and embarked upon this very serious offence."
The judge told Drake that he had "brought his experience in business to the operation" by "driving hard bargains" with other users in order to "drive profits", adding: "Testimonials speak of you being hard-working and of your love for your family. Sadly, those positive principles were completely abandoned and are inconsistent with your criminal record."
To Cropper, Judge Woodhall said: "You are described as a gentle giant, which is how you have presented throughout these proceedings. You have spent your time well while on bail, seeking to focus on your family and your business."
Hanlon meanwhile was described as having "seen the opportunity" when his mother moved out of her home, with the judge telling him: "You clearly needed money, your work having dried up. You are another defendant, like so many others in the dock, who has undoubtedly shown an ability to work hard."
Judge Woodhall also said to Smith: "It is clear that you were a highly trusted member of the organisation. This was the carrying of high values of drugs and cash around the country."
Merseyside Police's Detective Chief Inspector Matt Caton said following the sentencing: "Clearly, these men thought they could evade the police by hiding behind EncroChat handles. But, sadly for them, this wasn’t the case.
"These are the latest men to be arrested, having been caught out through using encrypted devices, and they will now be spending a considerable amount of time in prison. We know the destruction that drug supply causes, and Merseyside Police remains relentless in our pursuit of these criminals and to bring down serious and organised criminal groups.
"I hope this result shows that our officers will leave no stone unturned in our pursuit of these people, who think they are above the law and believe they can evade justice. We will continue to target criminals like Drake, Cropper, Hanlon and Smith by thoroughly examining any evidence and carrying out any necessary arrests across Merseyside."
Don't miss the biggest and breaking stories by signing up to the Echo Daily newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.