Dick Van Dyke has made Daytime Emmy history by becoming the oldest ever award winner.
Van Dyke, 98, already broke a record when he became the oldest nominee in Daytime Emmy history but went one further with his win for his role as Timothy Robicheaux on US soap Days of Our Lives.
Zooey Deschanel announced the winner of the Outstanding Guest Performer on a Daytime Drama award when she shared that Van Dyke would be making history tonight with his win.
He took the stage to accept his award with his 52-year-old wife, Arlene Silver, as he was beaming with joy over this tremendous accomplishment.
Van Dyke was in shock while giving his speech, as he could barely believe he had marked this historical moment.
The award winner beamed: “Thank you. I don't believe this. I feel like a spy from nighttime television.”
He sported a classic tuxedo as he accepted the Daytime Emmy.
“Trouble and strife the love of my life. She played the cop who arrested me," he said about his partner.
He brought up his old age as he continued to speak.
“I'm the oldest nominee in history. I've been playing old men all my life. If I'd known I was going to live this long I'd have taken better care of myself.”
“I’m 98 years old, can you believe it? This tops a lifetime of 80 years in the business. I love you, God bless,” he added.
DON'T MISS:
Dick Van Dyke seen with wife as he credits her for his youthful appearance [SPOTTED]
2024 Daytime Emmy presenters - including TV stars and legendary singer [INSIGHT]
Kelly Clarkson leads best dressed on the 2024 Daytime Emmys red carpet [REVEALED]
Ahead of the ceremony, he told People: "This nomination is very exciting; after all, it took me 75 years and my pal Drake Hogestyn to get on a soap opera!"
Before securing the big win, he also spilled how much this nomination meant to him despite already having several awards.
"This is a very different honor for me; I seldom get recognized for dramatic or straight acting - comedy and musicals are my specialty after all. I'm so honored and it will be a fun night celebrating with the entire daytime television community."
Fans are reacting on social media, as they are just as excited as he is about this huge milestone.
One person said: "Dick Van Dyke winning was the main thing I cared about seeing. He deserves it all!"
"Wow.... that's impressive! When you see Mick Jagger touring at 80, Willie Nelson releasing a new album at 91, it shouldn't surprise anyone that Dick Van Dyke can still knock it out of the park at 98! Congratulations, Dick Van Dyke," another shared.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated