As an Amazon Associate, we earn commission from qualifying purchases.
In World of Warcraft, players assume the roles of legendary heroes and interact with thousands of other players online as they explore and adventure across a vast world.
Whether journeying together or questing on their own, players will engage in heroic battles, develop friendships, forge alliances, and compete with enemies for power and glory.
The game features customizable character classes with thousands of weapons, spells and abilities. With an innovative, easy-to-use interface, an action-packed combat system, and thousands of quests that build an immersive storyline, "World of Warcraft" offers a MMORPG experience that will appeal to both veteran and casual players alike.
WoW Classic is Blizzard Entertainment’s authentic recreation of the original Azeroth before its seven game-changing expansions. The game invites players to return to an era of wonder and danger as they experience adventures previously lost to time, reconnecting with old allies and forging new friendships along the way.
WoW Classic will get a little hotter on May 20 when Deathwing makes his return to Azeroth, leaving a festering wound across the continents that will forever change the landscapes of the world. Cataclysm Classic will usher in a new era for WoW Classic with an improved leveling experience, new dungeon difficulty system, and more!
Ahead of the launch, players will begin to see and experience some of the changes in the pre-expansion update that will go live starting April 30 with the completion of regional maintenance and include: 
The Cataclysm Classic Pre-Expansion Patch Goes Live April 30
You’ve toppled the undead armies of the Lich King and ended Arthas' reign. Now, Deathwing, The Worldbreaker, bursts from the heart of the Maelstrom, unleashing his rage. All will burn beneath the shadow of his wings. Your new journey begins with the pre-expansion patch — the Shattering of Azeroth— on April 30 and continues with the launch of Cataclysm Classic on May 20, 2024 at 3:00 pm PDT worldwide.
Cataclysm Classic Pre-Expansion Patch
The Cataclysm Classic pre-expansion patch ushers in the shattering of Azeroth and the changed landscape in Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms, a variety of systems changes along with new class and race combinations, and the new Worgen and Goblin races. Players can also begin learning the new Archaeology profession, use Reforging to upgrade your gear, and more.
What’s Inside Cataclysm Classic
With the launch of Cataclysm Classic on May 20, players will begin their journey from level 80 to 85 through new zones, new dungeons and raids, engage in PvP combat in Tol Barad, and delve further into the mysteries of the Darkmoon Faire on Darkmoon Island.
What’s Going Away with Wrath of the Lich King
With the launch of the Cataclysm pre-expansion patch, some items and achievements will no longer be available or will be harder to obtain. It’s important to keep in mind that the game world is going through tremendous changes that will affect the availability of certain rare mounts and items.
The shattering of Azeroth will drastically and permanently alter the continents of Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms. In the wake of Deathwing's devastation, adventurers will be summoned to embark on new quests from levels 1 to 60 in these transformed territories -- and with so much new content to be found on these original two continents, many original quests will no longer be available after the shattering occurs. These quests will automatically be removed from your quest log, while any quests you’ve accepted that still exist in Azeroth will remain in your log.
If you've already completed Loremaster of Eastern Kingdoms or Loremaster of Kalimdor, you will not lose your achievements. However, if you've made progress toward these achievements without yet completing them, be aware that any quests that are removed from the game will no longer count toward your progress, so you may see your achievement quest counter drop. If you’re close to earning either of these achievements, we strongly suggest you finish them with great haste, as Deathwing's return is imminent.
In addition, the Loremaster achievements are being redesigned slightly to make them easier to track. Rather than having players complete a huge number of quests throughout a single continent, the criteria will change so that you will instead need to complete a set number of quests in each zone. Once you've earned the achievements for each listed zone on a continent, you will then be awarded the Loremaster achievement for that continent. For those who do have Loremaster of Kalimdor or Eastern Kingdoms completed already, you can still go back and get the new achievements for questing in individual zones on those continents.
With the release of Cataclysm Classic, the Insane in the Membrane Feat of Strength will no longer be available.
Ignite Your Cataclysm Classic Journey with Fiery Upgrades
Cataclysm Classic will require only a WoW® subscription or Game Time to play. However, these optional upgrades can heat up your experience during your adventures in Azeroth.
BLAZING HEROIC PACK
The Blazing Heroic Pack includes Lil’ Wrathion pet for both WoW Classic progression2 and modern World of Warcraft characters3, the Avatar of Flame flying mount2 for WoW Classic progression characters, and a Runebound Firelord flying mount for modern World of Warcraft characters3. WoW Classic progression characters will also enjoy Hammer Regalia Transmog Set4 and Town-In-A-Box Starter Set toy 4.
BLAZING EPIC UPGRADE
The Blazing Epic Upgrade includes everything in the Blazing Heroic Pack, plus a Level 80 Character Boost and 30 days of Game Time.
We look forward to joining you in these new adventures within the shattered lands of Azeroth!