Filed under:
The Mile High Report staff is calling their shots in the fifth installment of our NFL Draft Roundtable discussions. Will anyone on staff predict the Broncos’ pick successfully? We will know tomorrow evening!
Broncos Country—it’s officially NFL Draft Week and you know what that means. Our annual Mile High Report NFL Draft Roundtable discussions are back!
For our fifth installment, I wanted to see if anyone on staff can accurately predict who the Denver Broncos will select in the first round of the 2024 NFL Draft.
The overwhelming tone of the responses is clear—Sean Payton and George Paton will find a way to land themselves a franchise quarterback. It’s just a matter of who, how, and when that selection is made.
“The Denver Broncos will select (player here) in the first round of the 2024 NFL Draft.”
Scotty Payne
Let’s have some fun! The Denver Broncos are going to find a way to snag Michigan quarterback J.J. McCarthy.
Laurie Lattimore-Volkmann
Bo Nix with their original selection at #12 overall. 
Tim Lynch
I’m not sure how it will all go down, but the Broncos find a way to land J.J. McCarthy.
Adam Malnati
Michael Penix at #24 in a trade down with the Dallas Cowboys.
Ian St. Clair
Head Coach Sean Payton missed out on Patrick Mahomes; he won’t let that happen again. He finds a way to land his quarterback of the future with Michigan star J.J. McCarthy.
Christopher Hart
This is a tough one. I think that Drake Maye and J.J. McCarthy would be on Sean Payton and George Paton’s wish list—it’s just hard to know what other teams will do. If the New England Patriots don’t take one of them that gives the Broncos a chance at moving up for one of them. 
I’ll assume the Minnesota Vikings get one of the two aforementioned signal callers if the Patriots pass on either of them. Their preference might be Maye given the connections to their coaching staff. If things fall favorably, J.J. McCarthy to the Broncos in a move up with the New York Giants or Atlanta Falcons seems likely. There is no way they are trading with the Los Angeles Chargers.
If their top options are gone—and I honestly think they will be, I think they are going to be desperate to trade back and acquire as many picks as possible. And in that scenario, I see Bo Nix being a viable option for them. There is no way the Broncos feel comfortable waiting until Day 2 or Day 3 to bring in competition to Jarrett Stidham.
I have some concerns about Nix’s game, but he is experienced, quite accurate, and gets the ball out quick. His coaches and teammates rave about his intelligence. Those qualities all line up with what Payton likes. So yeah, I’ll make my final answer Bo Nix in a trade back in the first round that lands them an extra pick or two in this year’s draft.
What do you think, Broncos Country? Who are the Broncos going to pick in the first round? Let’s see if anyone can get it right. Sound off in the comments section and put on your best Nostradamus impersonation and see if you can predict the pick!
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.