e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
SANTA CLARA — Brandon Aiyuk is in the house.
After not appearing at the 49ers’ offseason program or mandatory minicamp, Aiyuk was on site when the club reported to begin preparation for the 2024 season.
What is not known is whether Aiyuk will participate in the first practice Wednesday, or refrain from practicing until a contract extension is worked out. General manager John Lynch would not confirm Aiyuk’s presence although he expects him to be a 49er this year.
“They still have another hour and change so I don’t know if he is in here but we expect all our players to report and be here,” Lynch said Tuesday morning at a pre-camp press conference. “We started this really early, have had excellent communication throughout. I really don’t want to characterize it. Brandon is a big part of our team and we expect he will be this year.”
The NFL Network was the first to report Aiyuk had reported, which was later confirmed independently by the Bay Area News Group.
Will Aiyuk actually take the field or be held back in a “hold-in” similar to what transpired with Deebo Samuel as he awaited an extension going into the 2022 season?
“We expect all our players to practice,” Lynch said.
Lynch said deals can happen suddenly or not at all, and conceded the Aiyuk negotiations have been challenging.
“This has been a tough one,” Lynch said. “We’re going to continue to work toward finding resolutions. Not optimistic, not pessimistic, just trying to find the right endpoint for each of us.”
While a year ago Lynch was adamant that holdout defensive end Nick Bosa would not be traded, he said of Aiyuk “There are no absolutes.”
Whether Aiyuk practices or not, the contract situation creates a degree of uncertainty for coach Kyle Shanahan.
“You understand what’s going on,” Shanahan said. “It’s not something you can let surprise you. It’s not an ideal situation, it’s not what you want, but it’s something you prepare for and you play your team accordingly.”
Aiyuk is due a guaranteed $14.124 million under the fifth-year option of his original contract signed as a rookie first-round draft pick out of Arizona State. According to OverTheCap.com, that would make Aiyuk the 26th highest-paid receiver in the NFL after a season in which he caught 75 passes for 1,342 yards and seven touchdowns.
In addition, Aiyuk is an enthusiastic blocker in a system of offense that demands it.
Aiyuk’s status has been an open question since the 49ers lost 25-22 to the Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LVIII.
When the club returned to Santa Clara and disbanded for the offseason, Aiyuk was emotional as he described the journey through the regular season with his teammates but was non-committal about his own situation, telling reporters, “If it’s the right move, yeah” regarding a 49ers contract extension.
It’s something the 49ers did with tight end George Kittle, linebacker Fred Warner, wide receiver Deebo Samuel and Bosa. This offseason, the 49ers reached an agreement with running back Christian McCaffrey, already the NFL’s highest-paid running back, on a two-year extension worth $19 million per year.
“We’ve got a lot of talented players and we’ve rewarded a lot (of them), so it does become more challenging,” Lynch said. “That’s also why this is a good team with so many expectations.”
Bosa, who went through a contract holdout last season, said his contact with Aiyuk has been minimal.
“I talked to him early in the offseason, but not for a while,” Bosa said. “It’s a business and I think everybody understands that.”
Kittle, the other 49ers player who spoke with the media Tuesday, said he refrains from detailed conversations with teammates about their contracts, but relayed some advice he got from former teammate and cornerback Richard Sherman.
“Contracts are like braces,” Kittle said. “They suck the entire time and then once you get ’em off you forget you ever had ’em. In this case, you get a big bag of money . . . when it gets done, and hopefully it gets done, you’re like, ‘I get to play football and my livelihood is secured.’”
Lynch remains adamant the 49ers want Aiyuk aboard on a long-term deal, but there are complicating factors.
While Aiyuk waited and negotiations with the 49ers dragged on, a number of NFL wideouts signed megadeals including Justin Jefferson of Minnesota, A.J. Brown of Philadelphia, Amon-Ra St. Brown of Detroit and Jaylen Waddle of Miami with average per-year salaries of between $35 million for Jefferson and $28.125 million for Waddle.
Looking into the future, the 49ers are looking at a more complicated salary cap puzzle when Purdy becomes eligible for a new contract. If Purdy has another big year, he could be in line for a deal similar to those of the NFL’s top quarterbacks, which at present includes Joe Burrow of Cincinnati ($55 million average), Trevor Lawrence of Jacksonville ($55 million), Jared Goff of Detroit ($53 million), Justin Herbert of the L.A. Chargers $52.5 million), Lamar Jackson of Baltimore ($52 million) and Jalen Hurts of Philadelphia ($51 million).
Aiyuk did not participate in the 49ers’ offseason program or the mandatory minicamp, a decision which could cost him more than $100,000 in fines. Last season, the 49ers ended up signing Bosa before the start of the regular season and forgave all fines after a holdout.
Aiyuk has dropped cryptic hints via social media regarding the 49ers, but in recent weeks reportedly requested a face-to-face meeting which didn’t bear fruit and a week ago reportedly made a trade request. It’s worth noting that Samuel made a similar request following the 2021 season but ended up coming to training camp but not participating until a three-year extension worth $23.8 million was finalized on July 31, 2022.
Pearsall unable to practice as camp opens
Rookie first-round draft pick Ricky Pearsall won’t be available initially at wide receiver to show if he can be part of the solution if Aiyuk’s contract keeps him off the field or from performing his best.
Pearsall will begin camp on the non-football injury list (NFI), a designation for players who were injured away from the team facility. Pearsall strained a hamstring while training during the break. He also wore a blue jersey during the mandatory minicamp, which is basically a “handle with care” notice for teammates during the non-contact practices.
Pearsall is expected to miss the first four-day block of practices and will be monitored by the training staff.
Also not practicing initially while still rehabbing injuries on the physically unable to perform list are linebacker Dre Greenlaw (Achilles), safety Talanoa Hufanga (ACL) and defensive end Drake Jackson (patellar tendon).
Players who will be available but could receive more time off include Kittle (core surgery, AC joint), cornerback Charvarius Ward (core surgery) and center Jake Brendel (knee).
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group