Sunday morning, the New England Patriots began an important week by making a significant trade.
Former first-round pick, Mac Jones, was dealt to the Jacksonville Jaguars in exchange for a sixth-round pick. The trade signaled New England's plans at quarterback, which most of us saw coming from a mile away.
Now, the question is, who will be under center for the Patriots to start the 2024 season? And, what happens to Bailey Zappe? 
Let's take a look at four realistic pairings the Patriots could make in the coming days and rank them accordingly.
New England is, of course, picking at no. 3 overall in the upcoming 2024 NFL Draft. The top three picks figure to be a quarterback, but at the moment it's unknown what order they'll go in. If you stuck with the majority, they'd tell you it'll go Caleb Williams at no. 1, Drake Maye no. 2 and thus leaving Jayden Daniels for the Patriots at number three.
But, I happen to be more of a Daniels guy than a Maye guy. Maybe it's because of how dynamic an exciting dual-threat quarterback can be. So, that's why we have Maye sitting here at no. 4 out of four possible pairings, along with Zappe sticking around to back him up.
Now, another belief around the league is that the Patriots could bring in a veteran quarterback while drafting one at three, and if they do so, they'll have plenty of options. I want to mention a recently-released Brian Hoyer, who has spent time with New England of course. He could be an option as a veteran backup and locker room presence to help Maye develop. But, for now, we'll say Zappe gets a shot as a backup behind the rookie out of North Carolina.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.