Packing for a trip to Antarctica can be challenging—it is one of the most remote environments on Earth, after all. The weather is famously unpredictable and constantly changing, and much of your time outside is spent on a Zodiac, which can be wet and windy. If you don’t bring the correct clothing and gear, it’s impossible to run to the store and grab it, making a well-researched Antartica packing list essential.
An expedition to Antarctica is unlike any other travel endeavor, which is why we assembled the best ... More Antarctica packing list.
Most travelers visit the White Continent during its summer season, when the temperatures are just a few degrees below freezing. That means you won’t need to go overboard with polar gear. The most important rule for your Antarctica packing list is to choose pieces that are windproof (fun fact: Antarctica is the world’s windiest continent) and waterproof. Generally speaking, most of the gear you’d pack for a ski trip would work in Antarctica, too.
Below, we asked Antarctica experts Shaun Powell, the field staff director for Lindblad Expeditions, and Karin Strand, the vice president of Expedition Leaders at Hurtigruten Expeditions, to break down essential items to pack for a trip to Antarctica—and what to know as you shop.
When preparing for the extreme conditions of Antarctica, look for garments made from high-quality, insulating materials like merino wool, or synthetic fibers such as polyester or nylon. A base layer is essential for trapping heat close to the body, as well as a mid-layer for insulation and a waterproof and windproof outer layer to shield against harsh weather conditions. Adjustable hoods, cuffs and waistbands are also key to sealing out cold air.
REI
While many tour operators supply their guests with a parka, not all do. Even if you do receive one, there’s no telling if it will be the correct fit, so it’s not a bad idea to bring a backup. Look for a waterproof or windproof coat that has a hood with a slight brim to keep the sun off your face, ventilation zips for hiking and kayaking and a slightly longer length in the back. Powell recommends jackets like this one from Patagonia, which checks all the boxes.
Marmot
Considering all the snow and ice in Antarctica, you may be tempted to bring snow pants. However, Strand recommends rain pants, like this pair from Marmot. They’re easier to layer and usually do a better job keeping out moisture. “Avoid Velcro at the ankles if possible,” says Powell. “It will get inundated with guano at the penguin sites, making it hard to clean.” These pants will fit over whatever base layers you plan to wear—including your boots. 
Smartwool
In Antarctica, you want to make sure to choose base layers that are thin but warm. Silk, polypropylene and merino wool are your best bet, as they’re high-quality, quick drying fabrics that wick away sweat. Smartwool’s thermal base layer tops are all made out of merino wool, meaning they are sure to keep you warm in heavy wind conditions. 
Smartwool
Your Smartwool base layer top should be paired with a pair of moisture wicking bottoms, like this pair, which is made from the same natural fibers. “Clothing made of natural fibers should be worn close to the body, so that the garments will breathe and dry without you getting cold,” says Strand.
bogsfootwear
Let’s cut right to the chase: You’re going to want the tallest boot you can find. Booties are often too low for landing sites—a rogue wave will swamp them. You’ll also want to choose a pair that has insulation and is comfortable to walk around in. Bogs makes some of the best boots on the market, according to our experts.
REI
If there’s a pod of orcas off the bow, the last thing you want is to be fumbling with your shoelaces. It’s worth packing a comfortable pair of warm, slip-on shoes that you can slide on and dash out of your cabin. This option from Glerup is made of wool, which stands up well against the cold, and features a sole made of rubber, which won’t cause you to slide around the deck—even in the roughest of seas. 
When it comes to accessories for your Antarctica sailing, you’ll want items that prioritize warmth, durability and functionality. Particularly important are items that can be kept easily accessible, like in a coat pocket—chances are good you’ll end up running onto the deck quite a few times to catch glimpses of whales and other wildlife.
REI
It’s essential that you have waterproof gloves when the action takes you into water and snow, but waterproof gloves are often challenging to use with photography equipment and phones. A great solution is to layer lighter, touchscreen-friendly gloves, like this pair, under a heavier pair of waterproof gloves. Just make sure that both pairs are a little loose-fitting. 
REI
At the absolute minimum, your hat needs to cover your ears. Better yet, you should try and secure a hat made out of merino wool, like this one from Smartwool. Consider layering it over a baseball cap—the brim will be useful for shielding your face and eyes (the sun glinting off snow and ice is guaranteed to give you a sunburn). 
Amazon
Because socks can get wet so easily, you’re going to want multiple backup pairs. Merino wool is the best for warmth and odor-resistance, though it’s wise to find a pair that almost has a blend of nylon (for durability) and lycra (for stretch). Powell emphasizes that it’s better to get one really good pair of socks rather than layering multiple. Wearing two or more pairs at once adds compression to your blood vessels, making your feet feel colder.
Osprey
Chances are high that if you’re going on an Antarctic cruise, you’re going to be bringing gear with you. Conditions can change quickly in Antarctica, and Zodiac rides can be splashy even on bluebird days. This unisex bag from Osprey is easy to use and has a roll-top closure, meaning it protects against high pressure water streams from any angle and will keep your valuables safe and dry.
Matador
There are few things worse than lining up the perfect shot of a penguin diving into the water and finding that the cold weather zapped your battery’s juice. One way to protect your gear is with an insulated dry bag, like this one from Matador, which is made to keep your camera warm and dry.
It sounds cliché, but it’s true—an Antarctica expedition is a once-in-a-lifetime trip. When you’re trying to decide what gear to bring, consider things that will enhance the experience, like protective equipment for your camera. And make sure not to overlook personal essentials like medications and toiletries, as access to supplies may be limited on the boat.
Maven Outdoor Equipment Company
Is that a Chinstrap or Gentoo penguin? It’ll be easier to tell if you have a reliable pair of binoculars. Maven’s B.5 features 15x or 18x magnification to help bring the creatures of Antarctica closer to you. These lightweight binoculars are also tripod mountable to ensure steady vision (helpful if you’re on a bobbing vessel). 
Smith
In snowy landscapes, the reflection of sunlight off the bright white snow can be blinding. Polarized sunglasses offer a crucial shield against this intense glare. Our experts are partial to this fun pair from Smith Optics. Its shield shape will block out wind and snow, and it comes with flip-up lenses, so you don’t have to fumble with taking them off when you want to look through your binoculars. 
Amazon
While it might seem counterintuitive to slather on sunscreen when you're surrounded by snow, Antarctica’s reflective surfaces can intensify the sun's rays, leading to sunburns and long-term skin damage. Protect any exposed skin from harmful UV radiation by applying a broad-spectrum sunscreen with a high SPF. This option from Supergoop! is oil free, completely invisible and scentless. Best yet, it comes in a carry-on size. 
Amazon
Navigating the infamous Drake Passage is a rite of passage for those journeying to and returning from Antarctica. Its tempestuous waters can test even the most seasoned sailors, so even if you’re someone who doesn’t usually get seasick, it’s a good idea to bring some Dramamine or other motion sickness remedy, just in case. 
Given the seemingly infinite amount of clothing, gear and accessories out there, it helps to have experts on hand to pinpoint the true essentials for an Antarctica expedition.
To put together the ideal Antarctica packing list, Forbes Vetted contributor Bailey Berg spoke to Shaun Powell, the field staff director for Lindblad Expeditions, and Karin Strand, the vice president of Expedition Leaders at Hurtigruten Expeditions, about the items you need to bring and what to consider when shopping. Between the two of them, Powell and Strand have visited Antarctica more than 200 times, making them authorities on the gear that truly shouldn’t be left behind.
Along with interviewing our experts, Berg researched the items for this packing list extensively and used many of the items herself on her visit to Antarctica. She pulled from decades of firsthand experience as an adventure traveler to find the best recommendations for your bucket list trip.
From meticulously testing and reviewing the best ski gear to narrowing down the best hiking boots for your trekking adventures, Forbes Vetted editors have dedicated themselves to helping you pack wisely for whatever trip you book. When putting together this Antarctica packing list, we applied the same unyielding commitment to ensure that our readers can enjoy glacier views, penguins and polar bears stress-free.
We grilled our experts about each contender on this list, closely considering the materials, construction and use cases. To make the cut for our Antarctica packing list, products need to provide both warmth and comfort as well as protection from frigid temperatures, melting ice and water.