The Minnesota Vikings have a lot of big decisions to make this offseason. None looms larger than what they are going to do at the quarterback position.Kirk Cousins is a free agent who is 35 years old and coming off an Achilles injury. He's expected to demand a very high salary to come back, and the Vikings need to decide if they are going to try to win now with him for a year or two or make the move and potentially draft a young quarterback who can be groomed for the future.If Minnesota goes the young quarterback route, they'll need to bring in a veteran who can mentor him and play until the youngster shows adequate comprehension of the offense.There are plenty of quarterbacks on the open market who all bring different traits and abilities to the table, and the Vikings have enough cap room to go after who they believe is the best fit. More than likely, Minnesota will sign someone, but the million-dollar question is who will it be?Let's look at a few quarterback options the Vikings could sign in free agency to potentially start for the team in 2024. 
2023 Team: Minnesota VikingsKirk Cousins is still the most likely option for the Vikings at quarterback. He's been very good the last few seasons, throwing for a ton of yardage and touchdowns. His teammates also love him, and all have been quite vocal about wanting him back.If Minnesota truly wants to compete for the NFC North title in the next couple of seasons, keeping Cousins under center is their best bet.However, they have to move on at some point. They currently hold the 11th pick in the 2024 NFL Draft and are expected to try and move up and land a quarterback of the future.That quarterback could be Drake Maye, Jayden Daniels, or even J.J. McCarthy. If they go that route and start the young quarterback from day one, they'll likely struggle in 2024.Cousins is going to demand a ton of money. He's likely going to get a fully guaranteed contract for at least two years to the tune of $75 million to $90 million. That's a lot to give a 35-year-old quarterback who is coming off a major injury.The Vikings also need to have a budget to bring back Justin Jefferson, Danielle Hunter, and eventually Christian Darrisaw. That isn't even mentioning addressing all the holes that need to be filled on defense.Minnesota investing such a large amount of their funds on a guy who will be here for two years maybe doesn't make the most sense.It'll be interesting to see how this all plays out, but Cousins being back in purple in 2024 is probably the most likely to happen of anyone on this list. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.