A New York Giants fan wears a bag on his head that reads ‘Saquon was Here!’ during the first quarter against the New Orleans Saints, Sunday, Dec. 8, 2024, in East Rutherford, N.J. Andrew Mills | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
Another week, another Giants loss.
But hey, at least they’re one step closer to the No. 1 pick.
The Giants are 2-11 after falling to the Saints at MetLife Stadium on Sunday, 14-11. This is their eighth loss in a row.
So, let’s see where they stack up in the 2025 NFL Draft order.
According to TankAThon, the Giants now own the No. 2 pick in the draft — one spot better than they had entering the day. They sprung up because the Jaguars (3-10) beat the Titans, while the Raiders (2-11), who have the strength of schedule edge over the Giants, fell to the Buccaneers.
BUY GIANTS TICKETS: STUBHUB, VIVID SEATS, TICKETMASTER
Obviously the Giants would have preferred to jump both teams, but moving up one spot and losing to the pathetic Saints (5-8) puts them in prime position to lose out their tough remaining schedule — which features games against the Ravens, Falcons, Colts and Eagles.
If the Giants were to lose out, they’re guaranteed to clinch at worst the No. 2 pick in the draft since the Jaguars and Raiders face each other in two weeks.
The Jaguars have a cakewalk (on paper) to wrap up the season, with matchups against the Jets (3-9), Raiders, Titans (3-10) and Colts (6-7). Still, nothing is guaranteed with Mac Jones as their starting quarterback.
The Raiders’ remaining matchups are as follows: Falcons (6-6), Jaguars, Saints and Chargers (8-4).
The Titans, who need a new QB and are right back in the No. 1 pick race after their loss to Jacksonville, face the Bengals (4-8), Colts, Jaguars and Texans (8-5).
The Browns (3-10), another QB needy club, round out their season against the defending-champion Chiefs (11-1), Begnals, Dolphins (5-7) and Ravens.
The Patriots (3-10), on a bye this week, are also in the mix for the No. 1 pick, though the Giants don’t need to worry about them as much since they have their franchise quarterback in Drake Maye.
Point being: They have plenty of competition, but the Giants are in a good spot to land a new quarterback in Colorado’s Shedeur Sanders or Miami’s Cam Ward.
Let’s see how it all plays out.
Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.
Ryan Novozinsky may be reached at rnovozinsky@njadvancemedia.com. You can follow him on X @ryannovo62.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices