E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
The women’s NCAA Tournament field is set and now the fun begins with 68 teams vying for the national championship and cutting down the nets Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse in Cleveland.
The stars are out with Caitlin Clark trying to get Iowa its first national championship and Angel Reese looking to help LSU repeat as champion. The third-seeded Tigers ended a 10-year run of No. 1-seeded teams winning the title.
Look for that to be a one-year thing. Here is a look at what could happen over the next few weeks and remember.
As for the early rounds, it’s foolish to pick against top seeds, which have won the title in 14 of the past 16 seasons.
The only other time before last year it has happened in that span was in 2011, when coach Gary Blair led Texas A&M to the title as a No. 2 seed. At least two No. 1 seeds have made the Final Four every season since since 2005 with the exception of 2016. South Carolina, the overall No. 1 seed, is a huge favorite to win the title.
A breakdwon of each region:
Analysis: What Dawn Staley has done has been amazing. A whole new starting lineup and South Carolina (32-0) is back in the same spot it was last season, undefeated heading into the NCAA Tournament. The young Gamecocks have been tested a few times this season, but passed every one, including using a last-second 3-pointer from Kamilla Cardoso to beat Tennessee in the SEC Tournament. South Carolina could see some familiar foes on its way back to the Final Four with No. 2 Notre Dame and eighth-seeded North Carolina potentially in the way. The Gamecocks beat both of them this season.
Players to watch: Meghan Andersen, Fairfield; Cardoso and MiLaysia Fulwiley, South Carolina; Hannah Hidalgo, Notre Dame; Deja Kelly, North Carolina; Skylar Vann, Oklahoma.
First-round picks: South Carolina, North Carolina, Florida Gulf Coast, Indiana, Texas A&M, Oregon State, Ole Miss, Notre Dame.
Second-round picks: South Carolina, Indiana, Oregon State, Notre Dame.
Regional semifinal picks: South Carolina, Notre Dame.
Regional champion pick: South Carolina.
Analysis: The committee did Clark and Iowa no favors if they were hoping to see the Hawkeyes return to the championship game. The NCAA’s all-time leading scorer and the Hawkeyes have a potential tough second-round matchup at home against either Princeton or West Virginia. Win that and the Big Ten champions could face Kansas State for a third time; K-State handed Iowa one of its four losses this year. Make it to the regional final and a rematch against defending champion LSU or a stellar UCLA team awaits. Five teams that spent time in the top three spots in the AP Top 25 poll are in this region.
Players to watch: Clark; Lauren Betts, UCLA; Kaitlyn Chen, Princeton; Katie Dinnebier, Drake; Ayoka Lee, Kansas State; Angel Reese, LSU; Jaylen Sherrod, Colorado.
First-round picks: Iowa, Princeton, Colorado, Kansas State, Louisville, LSU, Creighton, UCLA.
Second-round picks: Iowa, Colorado, LSU, UCLA.
Regional semifinal picks: Iowa, UCLA.
Regional champion pick: UCLA.
Analysis: For the second straight year, the UConn Huskies had high expectations coming into the season only to have them dashed by a string of injuries that sidelined five players for the season, including star guard Azzi Fudd. Geno Auriemma’s team still has Paige Bueckers, who missed last year with an ACL tear. The 2021 AP player of the year is back in top form. This year’s freshmen class is incredible and USC’s JuJu Watkins is the best of the group. She led the Trojans to a Pac-12 Tournament title and should have the team going far in the NCAA Tournament.
Players to watch: Watson; Georgia Amoore, Virginia Tech; Dyaisha Fair, Syracuse; Abbey Hsu, Columbia; Cotie McMahon, Ohio State; Bueckers and Nika Muhl, UConn.
First-round picks: USC, Michigan, Baylor, Marshall, Syracuse, UConn, Duke, Ohio State.
Second-round picks: USC, Baylor, UConn, Ohio State.
Regional semifinal picks: USC, Ohio State.
Regional champion pick: Ohio State.
Analysis: Texas had to reinvent itself after an early season injury to star guard Rori Harmon. Coach Vic Schaefer turned to freshman Madison Booker, who helped carry the team to a Big 12 title. That earned the Longhorns the No. 1 seed over second-seeded Stanford. The two teams could meet with a trip to the Final Four on the line if neither is tripped up by a talented field that includes a surprising N.C. State team.
Players to watch: Cameron Brink, Stanford; Yvonne Ejim, Gonzaga; Rickea Jackson, Tennessee; Ta’Niya Latson, Florida State; Alissa Pili, Utah.
Bracket Buster: No. 6 seed Tennessee was one defensive stop away from snapping South Carolina’s undefeated run in the SEC Tournament. Jackson will be a lottery pick in the WNBA draft next month and she can potentially get the Lady Vols a trip to the Sweet 16 and beyond.
Best Potential Game: The first-round matchup between No. 7 Iowa State and No. 10 Maryland could be a thriller. The Terrapins haven’t lost an opening-round game since 2001 and none under coach Brenda Frese, who was an assistant under Iowa State coach Bill Fennelly in the late 1990s.
First-round picks: Texas, Florida State, Utah, Gonzaga, Tennessee, N.C. State, Maryland, Stanford.
Second-round picks: Texas, Gonzaga, Tennessee, Stanford.
Regional final picks: Gonzaga, Stanford.
Regional champion pick: Stanford.
THE FINAL FOUR
Analysis: The Pac-12 has been the best conference all season long and in its final year we believe two teams will reach the national semifinals. South Carolina will face Stanford and UCLA will play Ohio State. The Gamecocks beat the Cardinal in the 2017 Final Four en route to their first national championship. Stanford returned the favor four years later. Ohio State made it this far one other time, back in 1993 when Katie Smith led the team to the title game. UCLA has never reached this grand a stage before in women’s basketball. The talented trio of Betts, Rice and Osborne will get them there.
NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP
Pick: South Carolina vs. UCLA. They played in the Sweet 16 last season and the Gamecocks came away with an easy win. It will be much closer this time.
Analysis: Staley has pushed all the right buttons this season to help a new Gamecocks squad reach the tournament unbeaten for the second consecutive year. This time, the Gamecocks will finish the job with a national championship..
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group