PATRIOTS HEAD COACH JEROD MAYO
PRESS CONFERENCE
November 11, 2024
JM: First and foremost, this is definitely a huge day, obviously in our nation and personally in our household. I just want to personally thank all the veterans for their service, for their sacrifice. Coming from a military background, my grandfather was a Chief Master Sergeant in the Air Force. My mom works at Langley Air Force Base. My stepdad, also a veteran. I have nothing but appreciation for everything you do, and I think it's important to say, especially when we have the platform to say something. Moving on to the game, kind of hit on it last night. I thought overall, just the message of physicality and just moving guys, I thought when I watched the film, you could see that for the majority of the game. I thought offensively, we did a good job handling the down guys in the run game, just getting the back started. It was a stark contrast to the game before where we would get behind the sticks, and it would be second-and-12, second-and-10, second-and-11. I thought this week, really, I don't think we had any negative runs in the run game. I think we had four or five no gains, but no negative runs, and that's the way we have to win. This game as a whole, to me, reminded me of the Cincinnati game as far as really controlling the line of scrimmage on both sides of the ball and controlling the time of possession. It was very, very similar to that game. I thought the receivers did a better job blocking in the run game. They did a good job doing that and then also getting open, catching some balls. I thought Drake [Maye] went out there and made some plays. I think he'll watch the film, and he'll be critical of himself, but at the same time, I think there were some plays that we left out there. The one thing offensively, which was disappointing for me, was just the red area. I thought going into the game, out of the last nine drives, we had 8 touchdowns and 1 field goal. Then yesterday, to go 1-for-5 was a step back, but I fully anticipate us getting back on track. We'll definitely make that a point of emphasis this week and going forward as we always have. Defensively, I thought the front did a good job. I thought [Jeremiah] Pharms [Jr.] went in there and definitely gave us a spark, so I was happy to see that. But all those guys, especially the interior guys, for the most part played pretty well. Now, there were a few runs that did squeak through, but I thought they did a decent job for us. The edge at times, I wouldn't say it was a problem, but it was a little softer than we would have liked it to be. I thought the defensive backs really tried to come up and support some of those plays, which was encouraging to see. I think the young players are definitely growing up. I think Marte [Mapu] has taken a step forward, even though he didn't play that much, especially on early downs. I just think his overall communication and control of the defense continues to improve while we don't have the other guys in there. But the linebackers went out there and tried to play hard. I thought Jahlani [Tavai] definitely did a good job with the front adjustments and that communication, and also obviously coming up with the big play as far as the sack. Special teams, Marcus [Jones] continues to be a huge weapon for us. Our punter, huge weapon for us. Our kicker, huge weapon for us. To be able to go out there and kick a perfect game, 4-for-4 with Joey Slye, and then after that first punt, I thought Bryce [Baringer] really settled in. His confidence is where we want it to be, where we need it to be. We're going to definitely lean on him as far as a guy that can flip the field for us. In saying that, our punt coverage, especially on that first one, we have to do a better job. Look, this is – I say it every single week; we have to continue to improve, and we have to improve fast because these other teams are watching that stuff on film as well. So, as we continue to go through the self-scout and stuff like that or even watching this tape, there are definitely things that we have to do better. Now, in closing, I would say this is – we're at this point in the season, this is who we are. We have to go out there, we have to control the line of scrimmage, we have to be able to run the ball, we have to stay ahead of the sticks, we have to play good defense, we have to get off the field on third down, which we did yesterday by a mix of generating pressure and also coverage, and play good special teams. This is the formula. As I always say, I use this as a microphone not only to give you guys information, but also to talk to the players. So, players, this is how we need to play going forward.
Q: Jerod, my question is on the new player, Yannick Ngakoue. I'm curious if he's met with the team yet, and how you see him mixing in?
JM: Yeah, we're excited to get Yannick here. I've watched him on tape for a very long time. He's been a very productive player in this league. He has not met with the team yet. In saying that, he'll get with the coaches here soon. I'm excited to really teach him the playbook and excited to see what he will bring to this team. Look, he's not just a pass rusher. This guy has the skill set to be able to play on all three downs, which is always exciting. Kudos to the scouting department and all those guys for always trying to improve our roster, and we see this as a way of improving us now and going forward.
Q: Just a quick follow up. Have you had a chance or has anyone had a chance to connect with him to just see how he feels about coming to the Patriots?
JM: Yeah, I've had a chance to connect with him, and I would say multiple coaches have also. Defensive coaches have connected with him. He's excited for the opportunity and so are we.
Q: You mentioned earlier, this was probably the best all-around game since Week 1, particularly when it came to controlling both lines of scrimmage on both sides of the ball. Why do you think this week you guys were able to execute that vision that you have had very explicitly out there for the group?
JM: I'm not sure. You always – it's the same thing. Last night I spoke about [Ja'Lynn] Polk, sometimes those rookies reaching a point of inflection, and you just don't know when that point's going to be. That's also applicable to a team. That's also applicable to a certain side of the ball. I guess now, we'll wrap this game up, but it's about knowing what the formula is and now applying it on a game after game basis. We have to learn how to string wins together, and that's going to be my message today and going forward.
Q: Part of the formula, obviously, was having your younger players play instead of the veterans at wide receiver. Do you see that being the same with that position group moving forward, and could that also be in other position groups where veterans are kind of pushed aside, if you will, to see what younger players can do with enhanced roles?
JM: Yeah, my goal as the head coach is to put the players out there that give us the best chance to win. Eliot [Wolf] and his staff, they have the hard part of trying to get the roster as well as we can get it now, but also looking for the future. Ultimately, it's my decision and my decision on a week-after-week basis to put the best players out there that give us the best chance to win.
Q: Thanks for the Veterans Day comments earlier as well. On Drake Maye, what did you see from him this week in terms of his vocal leadership? He said that's something that he's been trying to work on as he started to play more.
JM: Yeah, I think this is part of the evolution of Drake, and this is something that we've discussed behind closed doors. I thought he did a good job, not only going out there and executing in practice, but also having those player-only meetings, and that's what we need from him. We need that. Anytime you have a quarterback that is as level-headed, is a smart guy, a competitor, all those things and a leader, there's no perfect time to do anything. So, we just said, 'Hey, let's just do it right now.' He's done an excellent job there, and I look forward to seeing that progress going forward.
Q: Hey, Jerod. Seeing JaMycal Hasty out-staff Antonio Gibson for the last couple weeks, just wondering what the reasoning has been for that shift?
JM: I would just say all three of those backs bring something different to the table. Again, just the last couple of weeks, it was more of a Hasty game than a Gibby [Antonio Gibson] game. Look, that is a week-after-week discussion, not only at the back spot, but at multiple positions on this team.
Q: Hey, Jerod. I was just curious, throughout the beginning of the week last week, we saw Mike Onwenu taking snaps at left guard. Then in the game, you had him at right guard. What went into that decision to move him around so much last week, but ultimately put him at right [guard]?
JM: Yeah, it just goes back to what's the best lineup that gives us the best opportunity to get movement up front and protect the quarterback, and that's what we thought we were doing. That was the idea behind it.
Q: I was curious about Kendrick Bourne. I asked you a similar question last week, but he was so fired up on the sidelines and after the game for a Patriots win. What is it like to have a player like that who you know will always be there for his teammates in moments like that, even if he's not necessarily on the field?
JM: It's great. It's the selfless attitude that we always talk about, and there's no secret. KB [Kendrick Bourne], he brings a lot of energy. He starts with a smile, and then he always just brings the juice, brings the energy, and it's definitely a welcomed sight for us here in New England.
Q: Morning, Jerod. You mentioned the first game of the year against Cincinnati, and later in the year after a few games, you were like, 'That's an unsustainable way to win.' You compared this game to that game and said, 'This is how we have to win going forward.' I guess, what changed there from your perspective about that and the evolution to now?
JM: Yeah, it's a totally different part of the season. When I look at that game, to go back – even last week, I went back and watched the first three games of the season and just tried to pull out the things that we did well and the things that people were attacking us on. Now, I said that weeks ago at the start of the season, and now – again, reserving the right to change my mind – we can do it. We can do it, and that's what we did last night. Hopefully, that's what we do going forward. I would say just overall, just the physicality of that game compared to this game. I think that's – when I say unsustainable back then or sustainable, whatever, it's really the physicality part of it that we need to continue to build on, which I would say is sustainable.
Q: Coach, thank you so much for your time. It looked like yesterday you had Dell Pettus and Curtis Jacobs starting out for you. I know Curtis didn't play quite as much down the stretch, but I was wondering what went into that decision and also what you saw from each of those guys yesterday?
JM: Yeah, look, everyone on the team has to have that next-man-up mentality, and that's what it came down to. First of all, availability, and those guys, they come to work every single day, are able to execute and are good athletes, so we're looking forward to those guys continuing to develop.
Read the full transcript from Eliot Wolf's press conference on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Kobee Minor's press conference on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Patriots VP of Player Personnel Ryan Cowden's press conference with the media on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Andres Borregales' press conference on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Marcus Bryant's press conference on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Craig Woodson's press conference on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Bradyn Swinson's press conference on Saturday, April 26, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Patriots fourth-round pick Joshua Farmer's press conference with the media on Saturday, April 26, 2025
Read the full transcript from Kyle Williams' press conference on Friday, April 25, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Patriots Executive Vice President of Player Personnel Eliot Wolf's post-draft press conference on Wednesday, April 25, 2025.
Read the full transcript from TreVeyon Henderson's press conference on Friday, April 25, 2025.
Read the full transcript from Patriots third round pick, Jared Wilson's conference call with the media on Friday, April 25, 2025.
With 11 selections in the 2025 NFL Draft, here's everything you need to know about the newest Patriots rookies. 
A 22-person nomination committee selects Julian Edelman, Logan Mankins, and Adam Vinatieri as the 2025 Patriots Hall of Fame finalists. Patriots fans now have until April 30 to vote for the finalist most deserving of Patriots Hall of Fame induction.
Tom Brady's historic Hall of Fame induction ceremony has been nominated for an Emmy Award.
Tracking all of the Patriots transactions during the free agent signing period.
New England Patriots Chairman and CEO Robert Kraft announced the selection of former Head Coach Bill Parcells for induction into the Patriots Hall of Fame as a contributor.
A look at the Patriots opponents from 2025 through 2027.

    This website is the only official website of the New England Patriots and is © Copyright New England Patriots (the "Club"). Commercial reproduction, distribution or transmission of any part or parts of this website or any information contained therein by any means whatsoever without the prior written permission of the Club is not permitted.