NFL
Read our Week 12 NFL Power Rankings
The Power Rankings are aware that there may be bigger news around the country today, and that makes Week 10 the perfect time for us to focus on the positive.
Our regular readers know that the comments on this piece each week trend away from our better angels as a society, so this week our challenge to everyone is to be nice. And we’re going to start by saying something nice about every team no matter their place in these rankings. On top of that, we’ll make a commitment to you to respond to every positive post left in the comments section this week. Questions are fine, even encouraged, as long as they are civil. We can do this, people.
Advertisement
Now, on to the lovefest.
Last week: 1
Sunday: Beat Green Bay Packers 24-14
Something nice: The whole vibe
OK, so Amon-Ra St. Brown’s sweatshirt wasn’t nice, but it’s hard to dislike these Lions, who have mixed an Us Against the World attitude with Dan Campbell’s Mensa Meathead schtick with a frightening offense to make magic. The Lions lead the league in scoring (32.25) and are fifth in scoring defense (18.5).  In the last six games, Detroit has more touchdowns (28) than incompletions (24).
Up next: at Houston Texans, Sunday, 8:20 p.m. ET
GO DEEPER
Are the Lions Super Bowl favorites? Or are they still a move away? Sando’s Pick Six
Last week: 2
Monday: Beat Tampa Bay Buccaneers 30-24 (OT)
Something nice: They just don’t lose
And that’s the point, right? Kansas City has won 14 consecutive games. It hasn’t always been pretty or decisive. The Chiefs are just eighth in the league in scoring margin (56). And it almost turned really ugly Monday night when Patrick Mahomes rolled his left ankle while throwing a fourth-quarter touchdown pass. But Mahomes returned, and they won. Like they always do.
Up next: vs. Denver Broncos, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Last week: 6
Sunday: Beat Denver Broncos 41-10
Something nice: Derrick Henry’s 30s
Henry will turn 31 the day before final Sunday of the regular season. He doesn’t seem to have noticed. After gaining 106 yards on Sunday, Henry leads the NFL in rushing yards (1,052), attempts (168), yards per carry by any back with over 110 carries (6.3) and rushing touchdowns (11). He is on pace to gain 1,987 yards in the regular season, which would rank ninth all time and be the most by any running back over 30 years old. Henry forced 13 missed tackles on Sunday, tied for the most in any game this season, against the Broncos, according to Next Gen Stats.
Up next: vs. Cincinnati Bengals, Thursday, 8:15 p.m. ET
Last week: 4
Sunday: Beat Miami Dolphins 30-27
Something nice: Josh Allen’s TD-to-INT ratio
After throwing three touchdowns Sunday against the Dolphins, Buffalo’s quarterback has 17 touchdown passes and just two interceptions. Lamar Jackson is the only quarterback with more than 10 touchdown passes to have so few. Allen is fourth in the league in interception/attempt percentage (0.8 percent) and sixth in touchdown/attempt (6.5 percent), and he is now 13-2 against the Dolphins.
Up next: at Indianapolis Colts, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Last week: 7
Sunday: Beat New York Giants 27-22
Something nice: The offensive balance
Rookie quarterback Jayden Daniels rightfully is getting most of the credit for this surprising season, but he’s getting a lot of help. As in help from a lot of places. Ten offensive players received a carry or a catch Sunday. Terry McLaurin is seventh in the league in receiving yards (598), but he’s the only real standout skill player. Five Commanders have at least 160 receiving yards this season and four have at least 160 rushing yards, and Washington is 7-2 for the first time since 1996.
Up next: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
GO DEEPER
The Commanders get contributions from all over their roster to keep the party going
Last week: 3
Sunday: Lost to Detroit Lions 24-14
Something nice: The defensive improvement
Replacing Joe Barry with Jeff Hafley as defensive coordinator has been a great move for coach Matt LaFleur. The Packers were 23rd in the league in defensive expected points (0.3 per 100 snaps) added last season. They are eighth (7.3) this year. Holding Detroit to 24 points qualifies as a good day at the office. When (not if, remember we’re being positive) Jordan Love gets his turnovers down, this defense might make the Packers a contender.
Up next: Bye
Advertisement
Last week: 8
Sunday: Beat Indianapolis Colts 21-13
Something nice: Justin Jefferson’s arm
Yes, his arm. Jefferson notched a 118.8 passer rating Sunday night with a 22-yard completion on a double pass that required him to throw the ball 40 yards across the field to Aaron Jones. He’s also leading the league in receiving with 783 yards, and his 16.3 yards per reception are the most among any player with more than 35 catches this season.
Up next: at Jacksonville Jaguars, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
GO DEEPER
The Commanders get contributions from all over their roster to keep the party going
Last week: 9
Sunday: Beat Jacksonville Jaguars 28-23
Something nice: Saquon Barkley’s reverse hurdle
As if Barkley’s 925 rushing yards weren’t enough, on Sunday he added what might be the highlight of the season. After six years in New York, Barkley now is having his best season for the Giants’ division rival. His 115.6 yards per game and 5.9 yards per carry both are career highs. He had 27 carries for 159 yards and a touchdown along with four receptions for 40 yards and a score against the Jaguars.
Up next: at Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET
THE 180 HURDLE??? DID SAQUON JUST INVENT THIS?!
📺: #JAXvsPHI on CBS/Paramount+📱: https://t.co/waVpO8ZBqG pic.twitter.com/tYThjnbdgG
— NFL (@NFL) November 3, 2024
Last week: 10
Sunday: Bye
Something nice: Najee Harris’ best season
After being drafted 24th in 2021, Harris was fine if underwhelming the first three seasons of his career. This year, the running back is averaging career highs in yards per carry (4.4), yards after contact per carry (3.27) and yards per game (74). He’s also the Steelers’ third-leading receiver with 17 catches for 152 yards.
Up next: at Washington Commanders, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Last week: 11
Sunday: Bye
Something nice: George Kittle’s reverse-aging process
Advertisement
The 49ers have needed a steady presence this season because of significant injuries to Christian McCaffrey and Brandon Aiyuk and the intermittent availability of Deebo Samuel and Ricky Pearsall, and the 31-year-old Kittle has risen to the occasion. Kittle already has matched last year’s touchdown total, and one more score will give him seven, the second most in a season of his career. His 71.9 receiving yards per game are the most by a tight end this season, and his most since 2020, and his air yards per target (8.39) are the second most of his career.
Up next: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Free, daily sports updates direct to your inbox.

Free, daily sports updates direct to your inbox.
Last week: 13
Sunday: Beat Dallas Cowboys 27-21
Something nice: Kirk Cousins changing the culture
In the last two weeks, Cousins has posted back-to-back passer ratings of over 140 for the first time in his career. Entering the fourth quarter Sunday against Dallas, he had as many touchdown passes as incompletions (three). Cousins is tied for fourth in the league in touchdown passes (17) and seventh in EPA per dropback (.15), according to TruMedia, and has the Falcons one win away from last year’s season total.
Up next: at New Orleans Saints, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
.@DrakeLondon_ ballin' out! 😤
FOX | NFL+ pic.twitter.com/v0Uc8bKjXu
— Atlanta Falcons (@AtlantaFalcons) November 3, 2024
Last week: 5
Thursday: Lost to New York Jets 21-13
Something nice: Will Anderson Jr.’s sophomore season
Anderson was named the AFC Defensive Player of the Month after registering five sacks in October alone. He already has topped last season’s sack total, and he was the defensive rookie of the year last season. Anderson’s 7 1/2 sacks are tied for fourth in the league, and he’s 20th in defensive splash plays, according to TruMedia.
Up next: vs. Detroit Lions, Sunday, 8:20 p.m. ET
Advertisement
Last week: 14
Monday: Lost to Kansas City Chiefs 30-24 (OT)
Something nice: They just don’t quit
When Mike Evans and Chris Godwin were lost to injury against Baltimore in Week 7, it looked like Tampa Bay’s season was over, and the Bucs have in fact lost both games since. However, they made the Falcons and Chiefs work for those wins despite getting hardly any help from the reserve wide receivers. Tight end Cade Otton’s 25 catches for 258 yards in the last three weeks have been a big help.
Up next: vs. San Francisco 49ers, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Last week: 15
Sunday: Lost to Baltimore Ravens 41-10
Something nice: The defense, even after Sunday
The Ravens offense is so good, we’re giving Denver a pass this week. Even after Sunday, the Broncos are fourth in the league in defensive EPA (12.3 per 100 snaps). Denver also is fourth in the league in points allowed (17.9). Rookie quarterback Bo Nix’s development also deserves some attention.
Up next: at Kansas City Chiefs, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
GO DEEPER
What we learned in NFL Week 9: Lions 'built to win' anywhere, Eagles making a leap
Last week: 16
Sunday: Beat Cleveland Browns 27-10
Something nice: The job Jesse Minter has done
The Chargers’ first-year defensive coordinator has spent most of his career coaching college football, but he’s adjusting to calling plays in the NFL very nicely. Los Angeles leads the league in scoring defense (12.6 ppg allowed), defensive success rate (63.4 percent) and defensive EPA (17.1 per 100 snaps), according to TruMedia. The Chargers held the Browns to 3.8 yards per play Sunday.
Up next: vs. Tennessee Titans, Sunday, 4:05 p.m. ET
Last week: 19
Sunday: Beat Chicago Bears 29-9
Something nice: This is your NFC West leader
Arizona has won three straight and four of its last five and leads one of the NFL’s most competitive divisions by a game. There’s only one team remaining on the schedule with a winning record (the Vikings in Week 13). Behind James Conner, who is sixth in the league in rushing (664 yards), the Cardinals already have wins over the Rams and 49ers.
Up next: vs. New York Jets, Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET
Last week: 18
Sunday: Beat Seattle Seahawks 26-20
Something nice: Jared Verse’s rookie season
There was a lot of talk about whether Laiatu Latu or Dallas Turner should be the first edge rusher picked this year. Turns out, it was Verse. The Rams’ rookie has only 3 1/2 sacks, but he has added juice to the entire pass rush. The Rams are fourth in the league in pressure rate (39.6 percent), according to TruMedia, despite losing Aaron Donald, and the trash-talking Verse (who is seventh in the league in pressures with 39) is the main reason why.
Up next: vs. Miami Dolphins, Monday, 8:15 p.m. ET
GO DEEPER
Rodrigue: Before impossible final Matthew Stafford plays, Rams defense met its big moment
Last week: 20
Sunday: Beat Las Vegas Raiders 41-24
Something nice: Joe Burrow is dealing
The Bengals quarterback threw five touchdown passes Sunday and is now tied for second in the league with 20 for the season. Among Qbs with over 60 pass attempts, Burrow is third in passer rating (108.1), sixth in EPA per dropback (.16) and seventh in passing yards (249.3), according to TruMedia. So far, this is the best season by expected points added in his career, and he made it clear after Sunday’s game that he’s still not happy about it. “If we don’t score a touchdown on a drive, I’m not going to be very happy for the rest of the year,” he said.
Up next: at Baltimore Ravens, Thursday, 8:15 p.m. ET
Advertisement
Last week: 12
Sunday: Lost to Los Angeles Rams 26-20
Something nice: Jaxon Smith-Njigba is coming along
The second-year wide receiver, last year’s No. 20 pick, had a career-high 180 receiving yards on seven catches and almost single-handedly kept Seattle in the game. That came one week after he had 69 yards against Buffalo. That was the third-highest output of his career. Smith-Njigba leads the Seahawks in catches (50) and is tied for the team lead in yards (568) and touchdowns (three).
Up next: Bye
Last week: 17
Sunday: Lost to Arizona Cardinals 29-9
Something nice: Tory Taylor was a good pick
All the attention in Chicago is on rookie quarterback Caleb Williams, but let’s take a minute to appreciate another rookie. Taylor, the punter the Bears took in the fourth round, is 14th in the league with a 49.1-yard net punting average. More importantly, he is sixth in the league in percentage of punts inside the 10-yard line (21.6 percent). In Week 8 against Washington, Taylor averaged 48.7 yards on seven kicks (including a 68-yarder) and put five of them inside the 20-yard line. Nice day for a punter.
Up next: vs. New England Patriots, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
GO DEEPER
Instead of a team on the rise, the Bears seem to be teetering on change, again
Last week: 21
Sunday: Lost to Minnesota Vikings 21-13
Something nice: Grover Stewart’s strip-sack Sunday
Stewart ran over Minnesota center Garrett Bradbury and sacked Sam Darnold, resulting in a fumble that Kenny Moore II returned for Indianapolis’ only touchdown of the game Sunday. Stewart finished with two sacks, the first multi-sack game of his 116-game career. The 31-year-old defensive tackle has been a smiling stalwart for the Colts since they drafted him in the fourth round in 2017.
Up next: vs. Buffalo Bills, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Grover Stewart with the dream sack scenario…
Pancake the O-Lineman, run right over the top of him, strip sack, teammate scoops it up for a TD.
Hell yeah.
— JJ Watt (@JJWatt) November 4, 2024
Last week: 28
Thursday: Beat Houston Texans 21-13
Something nice: Garrett Wilson’s last five games
The Jets’ third-year wide receiver didn’t top 60 receiving yards in any of the first four games, but since Week 5, he has 40 catches for 472 yards, and he now leads the league in catches with 60. His 663 yards are the third highest in the league, and his touchdown catch Thursday night was the play of the year until Saquon Barkley did the thing he did Sunday.
Up next: at Arizona Cardinals, Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET
Garrett Wilson's CATCH OF THE YEAR from the field 👀 pic.twitter.com/lvVYZhyJHY
— NFL (@NFL) November 1, 2024
Last week: 22
Sunday: Lost to Atlanta Falcons 27-21
Something nice: Jerry Jones just keeps on talking
This is not a snarky compliment. This is an absolutely sincere compliment. The Cowboys owner gets grief for some of the things he says, but he keeps saying them. He is the only owner in the NFL who speaks regularly to the media (and through it to his fan base). When things get crazy, as they are now after three straight losses, he doesn’t hide. In fact, he talks more. Sure, maybe it’s because he likes it, but the NFL would be a lot more interesting if every owner did it.
Up next: vs. Philadelphia Eagles, Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET
Advertisement
Last week: 23
Sunday: Lost to Los Angeles Chargers 27-10
Something nice: Myles Garrett’s Halloween decorations
Cleveland’s superstar pass rusher decorated his yard for Halloween with a Terminator-inspired scene that includes gravestones of the quarterbacks he has sacked this season. That’s a lot of quarterbacks. Garrett had three more sacks Sunday (all in the first half) and is tied for sixth in the league with seven. Cedric Tillman’s six catches for 75 yards and a touchdown was another bright spot Sunday.
Up next: Bye
PHOTOS: Cleveland Browns DE Myles Garrett creates 'Terminator' inspired Halloween display at home. https://t.co/cbLOF9xznS pic.twitter.com/jEzq790bmW
— WKYC 3News (@wkyc) October 31, 2024
Last week: 25
Sunday: Lost to Washington Commanders 27-22
Something nice: The Malik Nabers pick
The rookie wide receiver, this year’s No. 6 pick, had nine more catches Sunday and is tied for second among wideouts with 55 this season. Nabers is third in the league in team target percentage (28.7), and his 557 receiving yards are one of the few bright spots for the Giants. One of the others might end up being that this team gets the No. 1 pick in the 2025 draft.
Up next: at Carolina Panthers, Sunday, 9:30 a.m. (Munich, Germany)
Last week: 26
Sunday: Lost to Cincinnati Bengals 41-24
Something nice: Brock Bowers’ 57 catches
Jets wide receiver Garrett Wilson is the only player in the league with more catches than the Raiders’ rookie tight end. Bowers’ 300 yards after the catch are 10th in the league, according to TruMedia. He is the target on 24.5 percent of the Raiders pass attempts, the highest percentage for any tight end in the league. Bowers had five catches for 45 yards and a touchdown (his second) on Sunday.
Up next: Bye
Advertisement
Last week: 29
Sunday: Lost to Buffalo Bills 30-27
Something nice: The De’Von Achane–Tua Tagovailoa duo
Nobody missed Tagovailoa more than Achane. With the starting quarterback on the field, Miami’s running back is averaging 25 fantasy football points per game. For the season, that would rank second behind only Lamar Jackson. Achane had 63 rushing yards, 58 receiving yards and two touchdowns Sunday. Tagovailoa looked good against the Bills, too, completing 25 of 28 passes for 231 yards and two touchdowns.
Up next: at Los Angeles Rams, Monday, 8:15 p.m. ET
Last week: 31
Sunday: Beat New England Patriots 20-17
Something nice: Jeffrey Simmons’ Sunday performance
The Titans defensive tackle had eight pressures against the Patriots on Sunday, which is the second-most by an interior defensive lineman in a game this season, according to TruMedia. Three of those pressures came in under 2.5 seconds, according to Next Gen Stats. This Tennessee defense hasn’t quit despite a tough season. The Titans are sixth in the league in defensive success rate (62.1 percent).
Up next: at Los Angeles Chargers, Sunday, 4:05 p.m. ET
Last week: 27
Sunday: Lost to Tennessee Titans 20-17
Something nice: Drake Maye’s potential
The rookie quarterback wasn’t great Sunday. He finished 29-for-41 for 206 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions and a 69.8 passer rating, but there are enough flashes to give the Patriots hope in what is clearly a rebuilding season. Maye’s EPA per attempt is .05. That’s the same as Caleb Williams, slightly higher than Jordan Love and much higher than Bo Nix.
Up next: at Chicago Bears, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
DRAKE MAYE MAGICCCCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!
📺: FOX pic.twitter.com/UvIB3dRi8k
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) November 3, 2024
Last week: 30
Sunday: Lost to Philadelphia Eagles 28-23
Something nice: Brian Thomas Jr.’s big plays
The rookie wide receiver is averaging 17 yards per catch, which ranks 10th in the league and third among players with more than 25 catches this season. He’s eighth in the league in receiving yards (595) even after a slow day Sunday (two catches, 22 yards), and he leads the Jaguars in catches, targets, yards and touchdowns (five).
Up next: vs. Minnesota Vikings, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
Advertisement
Last week: 32
Sunday: Beat New Orleans Saints 23-22
Something nice: Bryce Young’s bounce-back
Last year’s No. 1 pick was buried pretty publicly earlier this season when he was benched in favor of Andy Dalton. Dalton’s thumb injury has allowed Young a chance to change the narrative some, and on Sunday he did. Young wasn’t great (77.6 passer rating), but he led a 64-yard touchdown drive that put the Panthers up with 1:08 left in the game. Chuba Hubbard, who is fifth in the league with 665 rushing yards, deserves a mention here, too.
Up next: vs. New York Giants, Sunday, 9:30 a.m. (Munich, Germany)
Last week: 24
Sunday: Lost to Carolina Panthers 23-22
Something nice: Alvin Kamara carrying the load
New Orleans already had lost wide receiver Rashid Shaheed to a season-ending knee injury and Sunday might have lost wide receiver Chris Olave for a while due to a concussion (his fifth since 2020). In response, the 29-year-old Kamara had 29 carries for 155 yards and led the Saints with six catches for 60 yards. He’s seventh in the league with 660 yards on the ground this year.
Up next: vs. Atlanta Falcons, Sunday, 1 p.m. ET
(Top photo of  Samaje Perine:  Jamie Squire / Getty Images)
Josh Kendall , a Georgia native, has been following the Falcons since Jeff Van Note was the richly bearded face of the franchise. For 20 years before joining The Athletic NFL staff, he covered football in the SEC. He also covers golf for The Athletic. Follow Josh on Twitter @JoshTheAthletic