Get the latest in local public safety news with this weekly email.
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Wreckage of a vehicle is seen near North 18th and Olive streets in St. Louis after police say a driver ran a red light, hit at least one other vehicle, and struck two pedestrians who died. St. Louis police say that the victims who died in the crash were a mother and daughter who were attending the Drake concert, and were crossing the street when a vehicle hit them.
ST. LOUIS — A mother and daughter visiting here from Chicago for a Drake concert were killed early Wednesday by a driver speeding and running red lights near downtown. 
The two people, not yet identified by police, were hit by a Jeep Cherokee around 12:30 a.m. in the crosswalk at 18th and Olive streets. The Cherokee hit multiple vehicles, spun around and hit the two pedestrians. 
“The collision threw both pedestrians to the north sidewalk of Olive,” Capt. Angela Dickerson said in a police briefing Wednesday.
Police said the mother was in her 40s and the daughter was in her 20s. The mother was pronounced dead at the scene, and the daughter was pronounced dead at a hospital. 
The 22-year-old driver of Jeep was hospitalized in critical condition. 
The crash is the latest incident of erratic driving causing mayhem in downtown St. Louis. 
Wednesday's crash came about a year after a high-profile crash where a teenage girl visiting downtown St. Louis for a volleyball tournament was hit by a speeding driver. The girl, 17-year-old Tennessee resident Janae Edmondson, had both legs amputated after the crash.
The driver, 21-year-old Daniel Riley, had remained free despite violating the conditions of his bond in a previous criminal case dozens of times, leading to pointed criticism of both prosecutors and court officials. Former St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kimberly M. Gardner resigned a few months later. 
Drake held concerts on Monday and Tuesday nights at the Enterprise Center, and police said the two women were in town to attend one of them. 
The crash began when the Cherokee driver hit the front of a Mitsubishi Outlander while it was headed east, near 18th Street. It then spun, hit the pedestrians, and hit a Mazda CX-5 SUV that was driving west on Olive Street.
The driver of the Mitsubishi SUV that was hit by the Jeep was uninjured, police said, and two teenage passengers were listed as stable. The driver of the Mazda was also listed as stable. 
The scene was in the city's Downtown West neighborhood. 
Wreckage of a vehicle is seen near North 18th and Olive streets in St. Louis after police say a driver ran a red light, hit multiple at least one other vehicle, and struck two pedestrians who died. St. Louis police say that the victims who died in the crash were a mother and daughter who were attending the Drake concert, and were crossing the street when a vehicle hit them.
Get the latest in local public safety news with this weekly email.
Energy and environment	
He argued his client was enveloped in the publicity surrounding the effort to remove former prosecutor Kimberly M. Gardner, and now he's the p…
A Kirkwood man accused of running a red light and hitting and killing two tourists downtown early Wednesday has been released from custody on bail.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Henderson on the charges this week and added an additional count of driving while intoxicated.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.