By LAURA PARNABY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:35, 15 January 2024   |  Updated:  19:03, 15 January 2024   
 715
View  comments
Almost two-thirds of Canadians believe another Donald Trump presidency would destroy US democracy, according to the results of a recent poll. 
The Angus Reid Institute survey found that 64 percent of Canada natives strongly agreed or agreed that American democracy would not survive four more years of Trump in the White House. 
By contrast, 44 percent said they don't think a second Joe Biden term would have any impact on democracy in America. Nearly as many people felt it would have a negative effect (27 percent) as positive (29 percent).  
Almost half of those surveyed also agreed that the US is 'on the way to becoming an authoritarian state'. 
Trump catalyzed fears that he could abuse power if given the reigns again in 2024, when he said he wouldn't rule as a dictator 'except for Day One'. 
Almost two-thirds of Canadians believe another Donald Trump presidency would destroy US democracy, according to the results of a recent poll 
The Angus Reid Institute survey found that 64 percent of Canada natives strongly agreed or agreed that American democracy would not survive four more years of Trump in the White House
The Angus Reid Institute survey was conducted from January 9 to 11 this year and involved a randomized sample of 1,510 Canadian adults
The revealing survey was conducted from January 9 to 11 this year and involved a randomized sample of 1,510 Canadian adults. 
It comes as election season ramps up with the Republican Iowa caucuses today - the first contest in the GOP primary race.
Some 69 percent of those polled said they thought democracy in America would grow 'a lot weaker' or 'a little weaker' if Trump, the current Republican forerunner, won the election. 
Meanwhile, 49 percent said they strongly agreed or agreed with the statement 'the United States is on the way to becoming an authoritarian state'. 
Some 19 percent disagreed, seven percent strongly disagreed, and 25 percent said they weren't sure or couldn't say.   
It comes after Trump gave shocking responses to questions about whether would 'abuse power' or use the justice system to take down his political rivals. 
Last month, Fox News host Sean Hannity questioned him directly on some of the worst charges from his critics – pointing out that some want to call him 'a dictator.'
'To be clear, do you in any way have any plans whatsoever if reelected president to abuse power, to break the law to use the government to go after people,' Hannity asked him.
The revealing poll comes as election season ramps up with the Republican Iowa caucuses today - the first contest in the GOP primary race
The revealing poll also comes after Trump gave shocking responses to questions about whether would 'abuse power' or use the justice system to take down his political rivals
Climate protesters interrupt former US president and Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump as he speaks at a "commit to caucus rally" in Indianola, Iowa, on Sunday
Republican presidential candidate and businessman Vivek Ramaswamy on Monday as he made a campaign visit to Machine Shed Restaurant before the Iowa caucus vote in Urbandale
Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley speaks during a campaign stop at the Drake Diner on the day of the Iowa Caucus vote in Des Moines, Iowa
Swerving the question, Trump responded: 'You mean like they’re using right now?' 
'So in the history of our country? What's happened to us again, has never happened before. Over nonsense over nothing made up charges,' Trump said, returning to a refrain about being indicted more times (four) than infamous Chicago mobster Al Capone.
After Trump pivoted to other subjects in the sit-down interview, Hannity came back to the topic, having earlier played a famous Trump clip telling supporters 'I am your retribution.'
'You are promising America tonight you would never abuse power as retribution?' Hannity asked the former president, who is leading President Joe Biden in a series of polls.
'Except for Day One,' Trump answered.
'Meaning?' Hannity asked him.
'I want to close the border and I want to drill, drill, drill.'
'That's not retribution,' Hannity pointed out.
Then Trump tried to get a laugh out of the line.
'He says: You're not going to be a dictator. I said "no, no, no – other than Day One. We're closing the border. And we're drilling, drilling, drilling. After that I'm not a dictator.'
A campaign staff member for Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley clears lawn signs following a campaign event in Ames, Iowa, on Sunday 
Voters listen as Florida Governor and Republican presidential candidate Ron DeSantis speaks during a campaign event at an event space in Ankeny, Iowa, on Sunday 
A Biden-Harris account tweeted out the clip, appending the line, 'Trump: I will be a dictator on day one'. 
Now, Trump and his Republican rivals are warming up for the Iowa caucuses scheduled to start in the evening. 
The Iowa caucuses have been the first primary contest since the Democratic caucus of 1972, and has always been a source of drama.
Thousands will brave the life-threatening cold to head to 1,657 precincts across the freezing, snow-covered state to choose who they want to be the GOP nominee for president.
The winner gains crucial momentum and up to 40 delegates for the convention as the candidates head on to votes in bigger states.
Former President Trump, 77, goes into the vote with a 28-point lead in polls over the rest of the field, with Nikki Haley in second and Ron DeSantis in third.
But the caucus' history of chaos, upsets, and voting glitches means multiple surprise outcomes are still possible.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group