NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WSMV) - There is a fight against alleged sexual misconduct in the Metro Nashville Police Department (MNPD).
A news conference was held at Diane Nash Plaza on Tuesday afternoon by people who say there’s been an ongoing issue of sexual misconduct within the MNPD.
The social service organization that led the conference said 92 former and current MNPD employees have come to them for help about alleged ongoing sexual misconduct.
“We stand here today united for the safety of all Nashvillians,” speakers said at an afternoon conference.
A group of city leaders and activists announced their fight against sexual misconduct.
“Since April of 2020 and by the end of 2020 we had 69 MNPD employees come to us saying that they either experienced sexual harassment or assault 69,” Greta McClain said.
McClain is the director of a social service organization Silent No Longer. An organization McClain said 92 total current and former Metro Nashville Police employees have now turned to her for help with alleged sexual misconduct within the police department and she said the number keeps growing.
“92 that’s 7 additional victims each year, willing to come to us but, we have no idea how many are still suffering in silence, what we do know is that 30 recently said sexual harassment is still rampant,” McClain said.
McClain said some employees have told her that they didn’t come forward earlier or even at all because they’re scared of officers not responding to calls for backup at scenes as a form of retaliation.
“I understand the pain that MNPD clients share because I too was sexually harassed while I was an MNPD officer. I didn’t report my 2017 rape because I was a detective in the adult sex abuse unit, and I saw how things were handled,” McClain said.
Greta teamed up with the Metro Community Review Board months ago to instate a zero-tolerance policy at the police department in August but, said that didn’t stop the claims of misconduct.
“The fact that the policy wasn’t adopted, I find disturbing, and so tonight, the women’s caucus is committed to presenting a resolution demanding that this policy be implemented,” Metro Council Member Joy Styles said.
We reached out to MNPD and they said the following:
“As of this date, the MNPD is not aware of ANY reports or complaints from Silent No Longer, against current MNPD employees that either have not been investigated by the MNPD or referred to the District Attorney-TBI (as far back as 2020) or Metro Human Resources.”
But, McClain said she still stands on her claims.
“We cannot and we will not ignore the systemic and pervasive issues that are accruing with MNPD. We’ve heard Chief Drake say, ‘we have a policy in place,’ great, but the policy isn’t working and if a patrol strategy doesn’t work, you change the strategy,” McClain said.
While Metro Council members and the organization continue to push for change metro police also added, ” The MNPD does have a zero-tolerance sexual harassment and discrimination policy. Such conduct is absolutely prohibited. We have assigned several members internally within the MNPD to review and make policy recommendations.”
Copyright 2024 WSMV. All rights reserved.