Scientists have discovered mind-blowing new information about the mummified human remains of those who died in Ancient Egypt.
Researchers at Chicago’s Field Museum of Natural History were unable to look beneath the wrappings to find new information about the identity of those who died and how they were prepared for mummification.
They put 26 human remains through a mobile CT scanner to get X-rays. They then used X-rays to create 3D images of the skeletons and artefacts inside.
The scans took four days, and the full analysis could take three years.
Researchers have found new information on Egyptians’ mortuary practices more than 3,000 years ago.
  READ MORE:    Tutankhamun mystery deepens as archaeologists find shocking new detail  
Stacy Drake, human remains collections manager at the Field Museum, said: “From an archaeological perspective, it is incredibly rare that you get to investigate or view history from the perspective of a single individual.
"This is a really great way for us to look at who these people were — not just the stuff that they made and the stories that we have concocted about them, but the actual individuals that were living at this time.”
Ancient Egyptians believed that the soul stayed inside the body after someone died.
Embalmers, therefore, mummified the body to protect the remains.
The process could take 70 days to complete as it also involved removing organs except for the heart.
They then used salt to dry the remains before wrapping them.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The CT scans carried out by researchers found that some embalmers placed the internal organs in packets before then placing them back inside the person's remains.
JP Brown, senior conservator of anthropology at the Field Museum of Natural History, said: “It’s something you prepare for, put money aside for all the way through your life and hope you’ve got enough at the end to really enjoy yourself. You want to be living your best afterlife.”
One of the museum's most well-known mummified remains is that of Lady Chenet-aa, who lived 3,000 years ago.
The scans showed that she likely died in her late 30s or early 40s.
Stuffing was placed in her trachea to make sure her neck stayed in place. Artificial eyes were also placed where her eye sockets would have been.
Mr Brown continued: “The additions are very literal... If you want eyes, then there needs to be physical eyes or at least some physical allusion to eyes. They’ll put a prosthetic in to make sure that you’ve got everything you need when you go to the afterlife.”
The scans also helped the researchers establish whether the people they were studying suffered from any health issues.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated