What can the New York Giants do to avoid setting a club record with a tenth straight defeat while playing spoiler against Atlanta, which is still hunting a playoff bid?
They will do their best to rattle rookie quarterback Micheal Penix Jr., who is making his first NFL start as the replacement for benched veteran Kirk Cousins. 
The first-round pick is expected to lean on the powerful running duo of Bijan Robinson and Tyler Allgeier while not losing sight of highly productive wide receiver Drake London.
Giants quarterback Tommy DeVito entered concussion protocol during last weekend's loss to Baltimore. So Drew Lock will begin his second tenure as the starter after his first chance was shortened by heel and elbow injuries.
In the latest episode of the Big Blue Breakdown podcast, Paul Dottino analyzes the matchup's significant battles.
Paul Dottino is an Emmy-award-winning broadcaster who has been a host/reporter on the New York Giants broadcast team since 2009. He has worked on the New York Giants beat for several electronic and print media outlets since 1983, with various roles at NFL Network, WFAN-AM, ESPN New York, WOR-AM, WNEW-AM, and The (N.J.) Record. During that time, he also has been a radio play-by-play voice for New York Giants preseason games and a TV play-by-play voice for Division I college football/basketball/baseball games carried by many national and regional cable outlets, including CBS Sports Network, FS1, YES, MSG, ESPN+, and SNY.
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.