The Los Angeles Rams are back to .500 with their win over the New Orleans Saints. 
Under head coach Sean McVay, the Rams have made the offensive side of the ball their biggest focus. Quarterback Matthew Stafford isn't getting any younger, so getting him weapons to maximize his ability will be a huge priority, especially with the age and injury history of some key stars. 
In this edition of the Monday Morning Mock Draft, the Rams take a player considered the best at his position.
The Silver and Black take the quarterback they have been tied to all offseason, giving the franchise a fresh start at the position. A dynamic quarterback who will get a better offensive line at the pro level than what he had in Boulder.
The Jaguars have a lot of needs. They take a utility player that they can use in just about every way, though they do tender offers from teams looking to move up for a quarterback.
Maybe the most refined quarterback in this draft and certainly among the most experienced. Ward is a safer bet than either of the previous two quarterbacks selected by the Titans (Malik Willis and Will Levis), which landed them in this position to begin with.
Ewers was as highly touted as quarterbacks come when he joined the college ranks. His journey has been a long one, but the finished product is something the Giants won't be upset about grabbing to replace Daniel Jones. 
Drake Maye is on his way to becoming a star. The Patriots need to protect him like one.
The Jets continue to try to build an identity through their defense by taking a high-motor, dual-threat interior defender.
The Browns play in a division with good quarterbacks. By snagging Carter, they pair an explosive pass rusher with all of the traits to do big things at the next level with Myles Garrett. 
The Panthers are riding with Bryce Young. Which is why they take the biggest weapon and best wide receiver in the draft to give their reinvigorated quarterback a bona fide WR1. 
A Jerry Jones move if there ever was one. A 2,000-yard rusher in college with all of the tools to be a top running back at the NFL level barring injury.
Walker has the tools to be a Day 1 impact player. The Saints' defensive line needs that boost.
Dolphins need a lot of help just about everywhere. They take a big time blocker in Campbell to fortify the offense line, protecting Tua Tagovailoa and allowing Raheem Mostert and De'Von Achane to run free.
Pressuring the passer is huge, and getting someone to pair up with Trey Hendrickson (or replace) will be near the top of the Bengals' shopping list.
The second wide receiver off the board is a dynamic one that gives Anthony Richardson a big-time talent with a high floor. 
Caleb Williams is getting beat up bad. Your No. 1 overall quarterback can't be taking that kind of pounding.
Johnson is too good to be passed up by a defense that needs help. 
The Seahawks have holes everywhere on defense. Making quarterbacks uncomfortable is the name of the game, though, so Seattle makes a splash with what might be the toolsiest edge rusher in the draft.
With the two Nic(k)s, the 49ers defense remains formidable as a whole and terrifying from a pass-rushing perspective. 
His silence against Michigan was partly due to playcalling. That doesn't change the fact that A) he's an dangerous playmaker and B) the Broncos need a dangerous playmaker for Bo Nix. 
Tyler Higbee isn't getting any younger and his health is an issue. The Rams want to get a dynamic pass catching threat who can add another wrinkle to the offense. They take the pound-for-pound best tight end in the draft.
An edge rusher is still the top priority for the Falcons. Sawyer is a versatile edge rusher that terrorizes quarterbacks (and flags). 
Just because Kyler Murray can run for his life doesn't mean he should have to. The Cardinals get him some must needed protection.
Marshon Lattimore looked like on of the best moves at the time of the deadline. Now, that future looks a lot shakier. The Commanders need to think long-term. Delane is a high-ceiling prospect.
The Texans have a solid roster from top to bottom. Still, they could use some help at the third level. They get that help by taking the best safety in the draft.
If his teammate is the best defensive lineman in the draft, Grant is No. 2. He is a massive gap-plugger and he can manipulate the pocket. Jim Harbaugh, who has done a masterful job with the Chargers' identity with limited means, can't resist taking his former star. 
The Minnesota Vikings have Sam Darnold, J.J. McCarthy waiting in the wings, and Daniel Jones. The Detroit Lions have Jared Goff. The Chicago Bears have their guy in Caleb Williams. By fortifying their pass rush (Walker projects as an edge rusher), the Packers make it easier for themselves. 
The Steelers' passing game is sorely lacking a weapon outside of George Pickens. Like, painfully.
Minnesota has a shopping list with plenty of needs, but cornerback is No. 1. They take the best available.
Tuimoloau could very well play himself to a higher spot. His ceiling is that of an elite NFL pass rusher. That's good enough for Philadelphia.
The Ravens need help in the interior. They take a game-changer to make life easier for Lamar Jackson.
The Bills' defense could use a boost on the defensive line. Williams can make a big impact against the run.
Travis Kelce isn't getting any younger. The Chiefs get his successor. And another weapon for Patrick Mahomes.
That explosive Lions offense can thank the best front line in the league. They look to extend the lifespan of that wall with a big-time SEC blocker.
Ensure you follow on X (Twitter) @RamsInsideronSI and @tcav30 and never miss another breaking news story again.
Please let us know your thoughts when you like our Facebook page WHEN YOU CLICK RIGHT HERE
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.