Protesting parents and pupils have called for a u-turn on plans for job cuts at a Norfolk school. 


  They urged Synergy Multi Trust Academy to reverse its plans to make 25 posts at Reepham High School redundant.


  Of those posts 16 are teachers.


  The trust's plans would also see six posts at Litcham School scrapped.


Protestors have called for a reversal on a trust's decision for redundancies at one of its schools (Image: Newsquest) Laura Marfell-Williams, who helped organise the protest outside the town's high school, urged the trust to "reverse the restructure proposal". 


  She said: "We cannot lose a quarter of the staff from this school. 


Laura Marfell-Williams is calling for the trust to reverse its decision (Image: Newsquest) "In a rural area where our kids are denied the opportunities that kids in more urban areas get, we need to do everything we can to preserve the possible opportunities there are for them," she said.


  Sophie Cairns, 50, said: "I'm an ex-teacher so I'm here because I want to show the staff that I am supporting them. 


Sophie Cairns and Martha Turville-Petre, both parents of children at the school, said schools are becoming businesses (Image: Newsquest) "The decision is adding extra pressure to teachers and the support staff are crucial to helping mitigate this."


  Martha Turville-Petre, 46, said: "Part of the reason why I'm here is because there is such a lack of information and then they expect the staff to come in every day and carry on. 


  "They are making schools businesses and not places of care and education."


  Other parents agreed. 


  Graham Dunkley, who is a new parent at the high school, feels the school has not been honest with him and his daughter. 


  The 57-year-old said: "It wasn't that long ago we were told it was a great school with great opportunities, but it feels like something's been going on in the background.


  "The school has a great history but it needs to have great teachers as well otherwise what's the point?" 


  Clare Drake, 61, said her and her family had looked for a school first for their son before moving into Reepham. 


  "We don't want to school hop so they need to sort this out," she said. 


  Pupils also got behind a placard and voiced their concerns. 


Pupils at the school also joined to show their support (Image: Newsquest) Gaia, 18, said: "There are lots of people we know who are teachers and to think that their jobs and their livelihoods are going to be at risk and unstable, especially at Christmas time is really sad to hear. "


  The trust, which has previously said it was facing "significant financial challenges" and that pressure on its budget was "immense", has been approached for comment.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.