It sounds like Drake isn't planning to stay quiet after seemingly bowing out of the beef with Kendrick Lamar in his track "The Heart Part 6."
During a recent stream, Kai Cenat debuted a new track from Drake and frequent collaborator Lil Yachty, which is rumored to be titled "Supersoak." While it's unclear when fans can expect to hear the track's final version on streaming, the song sees Drake settling back into his lovelorn sing-rap style with only one potential reference to his recent feud.
"I'm watching the moves and playing it close," he opens the track, which could also just be a line about romance. Later in his verse, Drake makes an apparent reference to Frank Ocean's "Pyramids" with the line, "Cleopatra at the pyramids tonight."
Yachty shows up for a verse after a brief instrumental interlude, briefly dipping into the wobbly cadence he debuted on his viral track "Poland." After playing the unreleased song, Cenat expressed his approval and remarked, "And you can tell that shit not even finished." The track features a prominent sample of Mr. HotSpot's "Goodness Gracious," which Drake references with the line, "Say you're coming home and giving me that 'Goodness Gracious.'"
During the same stream, he previewed a new solo song from Lil Yachty, too.
Drake has been in contact with Kai Cenat since last year, and he referenced the hugely popular streamer on the For All the Dogs cut "First Person Shooter. "You n***as is still takin' pictures on a dog stream / My youngins' richer than you rappers and they all stream," Drake rapped. It's unclear if Drake gave the song to Cenat, or if he got it from Yachty, with whom he has previously streamed.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Lupe Fiasco and Joe Budden Confirm They Have No Problems With Kendrick Lamar or Drake
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake Raises Eyebrows by Wearing 2Pac "Only God Can Judge Me" Shirt
music | BY Jose Martinez
Drake Fans Drop "Family Matters" Video Game Because They Thought Viral "Not Like Us" Game Was 'Trash'
More recently, Cenat's friendship with Drake appeared to be on dodgy grounds after the streamer criticized "The Heart Part 6." During a stream, he went to text Drake and it looked as though he was blocked by him only for it to later be revealed the Canadian rapper got a new number.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.