Manage your account
Expect the Washington Commanders and Tennessee Titans to play this one close.
The Titans (3-8) visit the Commanders (7-5) at Northwest Stadium on Sunday (noon CT, CBS) in a game that figures to be much tighter than their records might indicate. Washington has lost three in a row and has played five straight games decided by eight points or fewer. The Titans have been trending upward in recent weeks, finally breaking through with a division win a week ago, but also have played four straight games decided by 10 points or fewer.
Rookie quarterback Jayden Daniels should present an interesting challenge for a Titans defense that has struggled to contain the quarterback run game this fall. But the Titans' offense also serves as an interesting challenge for a Commanders defense that's had a rough time slowing down top-tier rushing attacks.
Here's The Tennessean's scouting report and score prediction for Sunday's game.
Unpacking Titans' progress: Are they really getting better?
Give Will Levis credit for the way he has commanded the offense in the three weeks since returning from his shoulder injury. He's playing as efficiently as he ever has, and his knack for finding receivers downfield against man coverage has led to 18 explosive completions. But if the Titans want to beat Washington, the best path to doing so relies on running back Tony Pollard.
The Commanders rank 29th in the NFL in rushing defense, 27th in yards allowed per rush and — among teams the Titans have played this year — only the New York Jets have allowed more rushing touchdowns. It's hardly surprising that backs like Derrick Henry and Saquon Barkley each has gone for more than 10 yards against the Commanders, but so have James Conner and D'Andre Swift, and Devin Singletary was stopped just shy at 95 yards.
Pollard has averaged 4.5 or more yards per carry in four of his past five games, including his 119-yard performance against the Texans on Sunday, where he set a career high for most explosive runs in a game. If he can replicate those performances, the Titans should be able to keep pace.
Dual-threat quarterbacks have given the Titans fits this season. Green Bay's Malik Willis ran six times for 73 yards and a touchdown. Miami's Tyler Huntley ran eight times for 40 yards and a score. New England's Drake Maye rushed eight times for 95 yards and the Chargers' Justin Herbert put up a more modest 32 yards and a touchdown on nine carries.
All of this is to say: Daniels is second in rushing yards among NFL quarterbacks, trailing only MVP front-runner Lamar Jackson, and is tied for the lead in rushing touchdowns among quarterbacks.
The Titans' secondary is still playing like one of the league's best, with young cornerbacks Jarvis Brownlee Jr. and Darrell Baker Jr. improving by the week. The interior defensive line is starting to look the way it was envisioned as, with Jeffery Simmons and T'Vondre Sweat wreaking havoc. But if Daniels isn't contained, most of this won't matter.
Per BetMGM, the Commanders are 5.5-point favorites to win. You can bet the Commanders' moneyline at -250 and the Titans' moneyline at +200. The over-under points total is set at 44.5.
The Titans' offense is getting better, and this one stays close because Levis and his talented receivers keep making plays on the perimeter. But this one comes down to the last possession, and Washington has been a much better fourth-quarter team this season.
Nick Suss is the Titans beat writer for The Tennessean. Contact Nick at nsuss@gannett.com. Follow Nick on X, the platform formerly called Twitter, @nicksuss.
This article originally appeared on Nashville Tennessean: Titans-Commanders score prediction: Our scouting report, betting odds