Drake performs during day two of Lollapalooza Chile 2023 last spring. He recently performed in Newark for the "It's All a Blur Tour – Big as the What?" tour. (Photo by Marcelo Hernandez/Getty Images)Marcelo Hernandez/Getty Images
Drake expansive “It’s All a Blur Tour,” roaming the U.S. since last summer, saved the best for last Thursday night, finishing the 82-date roadshow with two sold-out performances at Prudential Center in Newark. Throughout the tour supporting his albums “For All the Dogs” and “Her Loss” (with 21 Savage) the Canadian superstar has been joined on stage by frequent collaborators from 21 Savage to J. Cole to Lil Yachty and Travis Scott (though that’s seemed to have soured — more on that later.)
Caution: Some of the below videos may contain profanity.
Drake performing “Headlines” during the first night of his Newark concert. 
For his first New Jersey concert in 10 years, the whole night aptly felt like a giant blur of oversized levitating props and fiery moments with a dash of heartfelt reflection from the artist.
While the two-hour show felt overstuffed at times, there was certainly plenty to write home about. Here are the five most memorable moments from Drake’s overdue Garden State homecoming.
Drake pretending to shoot a giant, floating Travis Scott head at his Newark concert. 
Drake didn’t hesitate to come out with shots firing early in the show’s first half. In an explosive moment, Drake performed “Meltdown” — a song by Travis Scott from his “Utopia” album featuring the rapper — and as a fake, oversized floating head of Scott makes its way toward the stage, Drake fired fake gunshots at it. For context: rappers Metro Boomin’, Future and Kendrick Lamar released a collaborative song “Like That” in which Lamar responded to a J. Cole’s lyric claiming there is “no big three — it’s just big me,” taking shots at both J. Cole and Drake. To add fuel to the fire, Scott was spotted requesting Future and Metro Boomin’ to perform the song at the Rolling Loud festival. While Drake hasn’t directly addressed the diss track, several other music outlets reported that he appeared to fire gunshots at the head prop at more recent shows suggesting there might be beef between the two.
A few songs after the fiery Travis Scott moment, Drake shifted gears to give a speech about how short life is and to remind fans to be grateful for everything in their life (and later on, he gave another impassioned speech about how ignoring the haters in your life). He took some time to remember two of his fans — a mother and daughter from Chicago — who were killed after his St. Louis concert in February after a driver ran red light and hit them. He then asked fans to turn to a stranger in the audience and show gratitude to them.
Drake offering to pay for a fan’s divorce lawyer
Throughout the tour, fans have documented Drake’s gift-giving ways including his promises to cover a fan’s surgery bill to paying off the mortgage for a fan’s late mother. During the first night of his Newark show, the rapper offered to fund a some fans’ hardships including paying for a woman’s divorce lawyer and offering to give $25,000 to a woman who beat cancer. Along with the tribute, these were some of the more heartfelt moments of the two-hour show though it was undermined by the fake giant floating bra (a reference to the collection of bras that have been thrown at the rapper on stage throughout the tour) next to him the entire time.
Drake and Lil Wayne performing “I’m on One” during the first night of the Newark concert.
Rap icon and Young Money mentor Lil Wayne has joined Drake during other stops on the tour, but performing in Newark felt like a full circle moment for the duo who last performed in the state together at in Holmdel 10 years ago. In Lil Wayne fashion, the rapper came onto the stage taking a huge hit from a joint before diving into his set of solo songs. While it seemed like he struggled to get through a few of the tracks (teleprompters were set up for Lil Wayne with lyrics of his songs), he pepped up when Drake got on stage to perform songs like “She Will” and “I’m on One.”
A fan getting slimed during a performance of Drake’s “Slime You Out”
Pulling a page out of Nickelodeon’s “Slime Time Live,” Drake brought a fan (who “volunteered as tribute,” as Drake noted) on stage during his performance of “Slime You Out” in which three of his backup dancers encircled the young man, while the rapper performed the entire song. Drake began the show talking to a younger version of himself — and in his final performance, him and one of his dancers hyped up the mostly young crowd before dousing the willing subject in green ooze.
April 4, 2024 — Prudential Center, Newark
Encore:
Saleah Blancaflor may be reached at sblancaflor@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter at @saleyley and Instagram.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices