E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
Irving Mejia-Hilario | The Dallas Morning News (TNS)
DALLAS — Superstar pop artist Drake is the latest to join the rising number of wealthy individuals in Texas by purchasing a 313-acre ranch in Brenham, a small town about two hours south from Dallas in Washington County.
The luxurious property, called The Inn at Dos Brisas, cost the Canadian pop musician $15 million and was purchased in October 2023, according to reports. The property is located at 10000 Champion Drive, between Highways 290 and 6 and TX-105.
“Me and my partna’, we done gone country on y’all,” Drake said in a Southern accent in a video shared to social media. “We said we was gonna do it for a lot of years and we’re doing it today. The sale is made. We gotta drop a new one for this. If you see your girl at the ‘Lover Boy Lane’, it’s over.”
Drake, a self-proclaimed “Lover Boy,” had been looking to buy a Texas property for some time after his “It’s All a Blur Tour” ended on April 5.
The ranch was built in 2000 by Houston tech giant Doug and Jennifer Bosch. It’s surrounded by pristine nature like lush trees and flowers along with three ponds already stocked with fish. Though it had been operational as a resort for 17 years, it closed its doors in 2022.
The property was turned into a resort in 2004 and features a farm, greenhouse, equestrian facility, restaurant with a 7,000-bottle wine cellar, large pool, hot tub and a tennis court.
“Dos Brisas is a rare legacy ranch property that offered a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the right buyer, which we were able to find once we listed it bringing the price in line with the market conditions at the time,” Tonya Currie, the listing manager, said in a statement to CultureMap. The ranch sold within 90 days of its full list price.
It’s unclear if Drake will restore the ranch into a full-time resort, but it’s ripe for such an opportunity, Currie said in a statement to Mansion Global last year.
“[It] has proven that it can and has been the best in its class as a restaurant and inn,” she said.
During his Houston leg of his latest tour, Drake also made a vow to Texans that he’d be in the area more frequently.
“I had to make it official first, but I’ve been looking for a long time, trying to figure out, you know, the right place for me to live, where I belong outside of Toronto,” he said to a packed arena at the Toyota Center. “And I finally, finally after all these years, I found me a place in Houston, Texas. So y’all will be seeing me around.”
Drake, who is also the founder of OVO Sound, a Canadian independent music label, is famous for more than songs like “Hotline Bling” and “One Dance.” He’s famously been very open about his personal real estate by previously owning a $75 million estate in Los Angeles and a $88 million mega-mansion in Beverly Hills.
The real estate purchase comes amid a tumultuous time for the pop star as he’s embroiled in a rap feud with Compton star rapper Kendrick Lamar. The pair have been notoriously throwing verbal jabs at one another since their popularity took off in the early 2010s.
©2024 The Dallas Morning News. Visit dallasnews.com. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group