Filed under:
We’re keeping track of all the San Francisco 49ers waiver wire claims, practice squad signings, and final destinations of players who were cut by the Niners
The San Francisco 49ers have plenty of work left to do as they finalize their roster. Cornerback Ambry Thomas and offensive lineman Jon Feliciano could be placed on the Injured Reserve List, opening up two roster spots.
Who those roster spots go to remains to be seen. We have to see if players like Rock Ya-Sin or Ben Bartch clear waivers. The team could also add a third tight end in Logan Thomas or Eric Saubert. If they do, those are the most logical players to return to the roster.
Then again, the front office certainly watches every other team and the moves they make closely. They could be intrigued by a different player or position if said player brings more to the table.
It’s still early, and the 49ers might not announce moves until mid-morning or early afternoon, but we’ll use this page to update anything 49ers-related, waiver claims the team makes, as well as who the Niners bring back to the practice squad.
Kyle’s update, Thursday, 8:48 a.m. PT: The Athletic’s Matt Barrows tweeted that the 49ers plan on signing edge rusher Sam Okuayinonu to the practice squad. His addition, along with Terrace Marshall, would complete the practice squad. Interestingly enough, there are no running backs. That would suggest Patrick Taylor Jr. will get a heavy workload during practice sessions this year.
Kyle’s update, Thursday, 10:51 a.m. PT: As it turns out, the 49ers are adding a running back. The Athletic’s Matt Barrows says Ke’Shawn Vaughn is signing with the practice squad. He had limited opportunities during the preseason. The 2020 third-round pick only had two carries. He did play 22 snaps, mostly on special teams.
DB Chase Lucas
Edge Rusher Jonathan Garvin
DT Evan Anderson
S Tracy Walker
QB Tanner Mordecai
DT T.Y. McGill
WR Trent Taylor
OL Isaac Alacron
DL Alex Barrett
OL Sebastian Gutierrez
S Jaylen Mahoney 
WR Tay Martin
OL Drake Nugent
TE Mason Pline
TE Brayden Willis
WR Terrace Marshall
DE Sam Okuayinonu
RB Ke’Shawn Vaughn
Per the waiver wire, the 49ers did not make any waiver claims.
RB Cody Schrader - Rams
G Jarrett Kingston - Panthers
CB Sam Womack - Colts
TE Cam Latu - Browns
Jon Feliciano will remain on the active roster, per Matt Barrows
OL Ben Bartch will remain on the roster. Whether that’s on the Practice Squad or active roster remains to be seen.
While we wait, take a look at the 49ers initial 53-man roster.
The re-signing of Walker could mean that Talanoa Hufanga won’t be ready for Week 1.
TE Eric Saubert is back on the 53-man roster.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.