The New England Patriots got their guy with No. 3 pick in the opening round of the NFL Draft, Drake Maye.
Despite the excitement Thursday night brought, the draft isn't over quite yet and the Patriots aren't finished either. Now that they have their hopeful quarterback of the future, it's time for them to go get him a couple of weapons.
If you're hoping the Patriots take a wide receiver with the next pick, you're going to be happy to find out the oddsmakers agree with you. Let's take a look.
The odds listed below are via FanDuel Sportsbook: 
Oddsmakers have wide receiver as the -250 favorite to be the position of the next player the Patriots draft. If you translate those odds to implied probability, there's a 71.43% chance they draft a wide receiver next.
Unless the Patriots trade back, fans won't have to wait long to find out the answer to this question tonight. New England will pick second in Round 2 behind the Bills, who are also likely to grab a receiver.
There are plenty of great options left at receiver, even if the Bills do take one just ahead of them. The list of names that have yet to find a team includes Ladd McConkey, Adonai Mitchell, Keon Coleman, and Ja'Lynn Polk.
My best guess is they take one of McConkey or Mitchell, whichever of the two isn't selected by the Bills in the spot just ahead of them.
Other possibilities for the Patriots' next pick include offensive lineman (+450), cornerback (+550), and defensive lineman/edge (+900). While those are all possibilities, you have to think New England will follow in the footsteps of the Chicago Bears by drafting a wide receiver to help give their new quarterback a weapon for his rookie campaign.
If you want to bet on the Patriots' next draft pick, click the link below to sign up for an account at FanDuel Sportsbook. If you do, you'll receive $150 in bonus bets when you place your first $5 wager.
Odds refresh periodically and are subject to change.
You can check out all of Iain's bets here!
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.