By
			
			Brandon Schreur		

Miranda Cosgrove and Pierson Fodé have been cast in a new Netflix romantic comedy called The Wrong Paris.
The Wrong Paris is directed by Janeen Damian, who previously made 2022’s Falling for Christmas and 2024’s Irish Wish for Netflix, both of which starred Lindsay Lohan. Cosgrove will play a character named Dawn in The Wrong Paris, while Fodé will play a man named Trey.
Per Deadline, the film “centers on Dawn, who is desperate to get to France for a once-in-a-lifetime art opportunity. Thus, she talks her way onto a Bachelor-type dating show set in Paris — only to discover the show is actually set in Paris, Texas as part of a ratings stunt by the producers. Now in jeopardy of losing out on her dreams, Dawn must find a way to get kicked off the show, until a real romance begins to blossom with Trey, the show’s handsome and charming bachelor.”
The script for the movie is written by Nicole Henrich. Brad Krevoy and Michael Damian are producing the movie, while Janeen Damian, Amanda Phillips, Jimmy Townsend, Kelly Fraizer, and Galen Fletcher serve as executive producers.
Cosgrove is best known for playing Carly Shay in Nickelodeon’s iCarly sitcom, which ran from 2007 to 2012. It then had a Paramount+ revival in 2021, which ran for three seasons.
She’s also known for playing Megan Parker in Drake & Josh, while her filmography includes 2003’s School of Rock, 2005’s Yours, Mine & Ours, 2009’s The Wild Stallion, and 2024’s Mother of the Bride, while she additionally voices Margo in the Despicable me movies.
Fodé, meanwhile, has starred in television series such as Jessie, The Bold and the Beautiful, Dynasty, Animal Kingdom, and Based on a True Story.
A release date for The Wrong Paris has not yet been announced.
Brandon Schreur has been writing about comics, movies, television shows, and all things pop culture for roughly five years. He's a lifelong cinephile who spends way, way too much money buying Blu-rays and trade paperbacks. You can find him on twitter at @brandonschreur.
Share article