80 °F
Both rappers have hinted at it in not-so-subtle ways on Instagram.
Bun B has dropped just about every single hint possible of the next artist that will accompany him for his All American Takeover at the Houston Rodeo in a few days. Here’s why it’s Drake. 
In a variety of announcements on social media, Bun B has already periodically released the artists who plan to join him for his Houston Rodeo performance on Tuesday, including Nelly, E-40, Too Short, Rick Ross, That Mexican OT, Ying Yang Twins and Eve.
His not-so-cryptic tips started with an Instagram post around 9 a.m. Friday, when Houston rap legend Bun B and Rodeo Houston jointly posted a photo of the Canadian rapper’s clothing brand October’s Very Own logo, depicting an owl wearing a cowboy hat and bandana.
“IF YOURE READING THIS ITS TOO LATE,” the caption read, alluding to Drake’s fourth mixtape. 
Just a few hours after, Bun B posted a 2023 video of Drake making a pitstop at his burger shop that opened up last year— Trill Burgers.
“Heard a rumor @champagepapi is gonna be at @rodeohouston,” according to the caption of that post. 
A post shared by Trill Burgers (@trillburgers)
Not enough for you? 
Drake, the “Champagne Papi” himself, reposted the image of his cowboy hat-wearing logo to his Instagram story.
“Welcome home party is what they told me Bun,” he said in that post.  
Another Houston visit for the Canadian rapper should be no surprise to Drake fans. During his second show in Houston last year, he said he’s found a place to call his own in the Bayou City.
“I’ve been looking for a long time trying to figure out the right place for me to live, where I belong, outside of Toronto,” he said. “And I finally, after all these years, found me a place in Houston.”
The All American Takeover takes place at 6:45 p.m. March 12 at the NRG Stadium, 8825 Kirby Dr.
Know more about Sarah Grunau
More Articles by This Author
Houston Public Media is supported with your gifts to the Houston Public Media Foundation and is licensed to the University of Houston
© 2025 Houston Public Media