Digital Content Producer for NESN.com
NESN.com digital content producer by way of UMass Amherst and the South Shore of Massachusetts. Probably too online for his own good.
Aroldis Chapman Opens Up About Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Staredown
Patriots Insider Shares Jarring Joe Milton III Report After Trade
Original Six Rival Takes Coach Candidate Away From Bruins
Craig Breslow Rules Out This Idea For Red Sox's Roman Anthony
The Panthers in March of last year traded four draft picks -- including two first-rounders -- and star wide receiver D.J. Moore to Chicago for the opportunity to select who they thought was their quarterback of the future.
Roughly 18 months later, Carolina effectively has decided Bryce Young isn't the answer behind center and appears to be bracing for his exit.
Young was benched by the Panthers two weeks into the 2024 season, and according to ESPN's Adam Schefter, teams are showing interest in the 2023 No. 1 overall pick. While a deal does not appear to be imminent, Schefter's sources told the NFL insider "it's only a matter of time" before Carolina trades Young, who could be moved this offseason.
The unraveling in Charlotte should capture the attention of folks in New England. Sure, it's not an apples-to-apples situation and the Panthers have a history of poor decision-making. But the Patriots have their own high-stakes quarterback situation to manage, and they can look at Carolina for examples of measures not to take with Drake Maye.
Story continues below advertisement
Unfortunately for New England fans, there are some similarities. Maye, like Young, was brought into a team that didn't feature a very strong supporting cast when he was drafted. The Patriots seemingly tried to protect Maye from these deficiencies by keeping him on the bench to start the 2024 season, but the 22-year-old ended up seeing the field late in Week 3 -- far earlier than anyone expected him to make his NFL debut.
New England will continue to roll with Jacoby Brissett behind center until Jerod Mayo says otherwise, but throwing Maye into Thursday's blowout indicated the Patriots aren't overwhelmingly concerned about protecting the North Carolina product. It's only a matter of time until Maye is given the keys of the offense, and when that decision is made, New England can't turn back.
If Maye proves to be "the guy," the Patriots obviously will be more than pleased with their decision to take him No. 3 overall this year. But if mounting evidence shows he doesn't have franchise QB potential, New England -- like Carolina -- should jump ship sooner rather than later. Mac Jones' freefall in Foxboro, Mass. showcased how dysfunctional a franchise can become when you stick with an inadequate signal-caller for too long.
It's easier said than done, but the Patriots must operate with conviction and sound logic while avoiding impulse decisions when it comes to Maye. Because as we're seeing in Carolina, a once-promising situation can turn into a fruitless one in the blink of an eye.
Story continues below advertisement
Digital Content Producer for NESN.com
NESN.com digital content producer by way of UMass Amherst and the South Shore of Massachusetts. Probably too online for his own good.
Featured image via Gregory Fisher/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network