Robert Kraft, CEO of the New England Patriots walks onto the field for pregame of an NFL football game against the Jacksonville Jaguars, Sunday, Oct. 20, 2024, in London. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)AP
The New England Patriots are spiraling. After a “soft” loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars in London, the team has now lost six straight games and is in line for the No. 1 pick in the 2025 NFL Draft.
Here‘s a roundup of how media across the nation is reacting to the current state of the Patriots after Sunday’s loss:
Albert Breer, Sports Illustrated
“(Drake Maye) can really play, and that sets the Patriots up for a pretty important offseason through which they’ll have to get a lot of things right around him—and before then, it’s on them to make sure he doesn’t get killed behind a really bad offensive line.”
FOX Sports
“Jerod Mayo‘s team has no identity. It was supposed to be built around the defense. But that unit is an abomination, particularly when attempting to defend the run. The Jaguars finished with 39 carries for 171 yards and two touchdowns. Jacksonville completely controlled the game on the ground, with the Patriots’ front seven looking hopeless and hapless.”
Mike Reiss, ESPN
“Growing pains were expected in Mayo’s first season, but the way the Patriots have regressed since a season-opening win has been concerning. Mayo is a self-proclaimed “defensive coach,” and the defensive performance Sunday -- other than a fourth-quarter stop on fourth down -- was alarming after they jumped out to a 10-0 lead."
Nate Davis, USA TODAY
Quote of the week? How about a rare admission from Patriots rookie coach Jerod Mayo, who said of his squad: “We’re a soft football team across the board.”
Zak Keefer, The Athletic
“The Patriots have dropped six straight and, like the Panthers, are 1-6. But at least with Drake Maye, there is hope at the quarterback position.”
Matt Harmon, Yahoo Sports
“For all of the Jaguars’ flaws, they still opened as 5.5-point favorites over the one-win New England Patriots starting a rookie quarterback. Jacksonville fell into a hole early in the first quarter, but mostly controlled this game for most of the morning. They were able to hammer a weaker Patriots run defense with 35 running back runs to 20 pass attempts.“
Jeff Kerr, CBS Sports
On whether the Patriots are the worst team in the NFL: “Drake Maye is the bright spot on this team, which takes New England out of the running. Maye is the second rookie quarterback since the merger with 500+ passing yards and 5+ passing touchdowns in his first two career starts (Dan Marino is the other). The offensive points per game has improved to 18.5 in Maye’s two starts. If it wasn’t for Maye’s early success, the Patriots would be the worst team in the league.”
Chad Finn, Boston Globe
“The Patriots suffered their sixth straight loss with Sunday’s 32-16 thumping at the hands of the Jaguars, who came in with the same miserable record as the Patriots (1-5) but soon proved — after falling behind 10-0 — that the Patriots’ current brand of lousy is far more hopeless than their own."
John Breech, CBS Sports
“The Patriots have had a long list of problems this year and they were all on display in London. The defense couldn‘t stop the run, and because of that, the Jags decided to pound the ball on the ground in the second half with 29 carries for 121 yards. On offense, Drake Maye got no help from his rushing attack and his offensive line struggled, but he still managed to look somewhat impressive in a game where he threw for 276 yards and two touchdowns. Maye was one of the few bright spots for New England, and if you’re a Patriots fan, that’s all that matters, because he’s the future and as long he continues to improve, this team could eventually get better, even if it’s a year or two before that happens.”
Vinnie Iyer, Sporting News
“Drake Maye is flashing as a bright spot to spark the offense, but Jeord Mayo keeps seeing his team get run over and give up big pass plays.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices