Manage your account
“LOS ANGELES ALBUMS” aren’t just about the locale where recording took place. From Sunset Sound to the now-shuttered Record Plant, some truly iconic releases — the best of all time, one could argue — were made in the entertainment capital of the world’s array of legendary studios. But a true L.A. album is also about the inspirations, the lyrics of course, but more so, a vibe which reflects not only the faces and places, but the complex nature of the culture here rather than just the clichés.As our city looks forward to 2025’s nominee announcement next month (first round of voting started last Friday and ends Oct. 15 with official nominees announced on Nov. 8), Los Angeles magazine talked inspirations and careers with award-worthy music legends and some exciting hopefuls —such as our cover subject Benson Boone— in this month's October print issue on newsstands now. Here, we also celebrate 25 Grammy-winning and Grammy Hall of Fame-recognized albums from every era that reflect our city’s inimitable spirit, its attitude and swagger, its jubilant heart and emotive soul. Keep in mind that many of the biggest L.A. records — from Nothing’s Shocking by Jane's Addiction to The Doors’ L.A. Woman, plus early Van Halen and albums by The Go-Go's, X, Snoop Dogg and Lana Del Rey, for example — have (surprisingly) never won Grammys for albums or even any singles, so they didn't make this list. We still love them though, just as much as we love L.A.
The Music From Peter GunnHENRY MANCINI(1959)The winner of the very first “Best Album” Grammy award might have been the most “L.A.” recording of all. Blake Edwards’ classic detective show, Peter Gunn, was filmed at Universal Studios and set in Los Angeles, often inside a jazz club called Mother’s. Mancini (who lived in Northridge and later Malibu) created an arresting soundtrack that perfectly slipped into the sexy swing and enigmatic cool of the series and the underbelly of the city in the late 1950s.
Pet SoundsTHE BEACH BOYS(1966)Inducted into the Grammy Hall Of Fame more than three decades after its release — in 1998— the Beach Boys masterpiece captures more than the sun and surf-soaked vibes of SoCal where its creator Brian Wilson grew up. Written largely at his home in West Hollywood and later Beverly Hills, and at lyrical collaborator Tony Asher's L.A. abode, it was one of the most ambitious albums of its time, inspired by the Beatles and Phil Spector's lush and complex orchestrations, with instrumentation help from The Wrecking Crew, L.A.'s famed collective of session musicians. It was recorded at United Western Recorders (later re-named Ocean Way), Gold Star Studios (closed in '84) and Sunset Sound.
Forever ChangesLOVE(1967)One of the most majestic L.A. albums of all time, Arthur Lee and Love’s signature release emerged from the so-called “Summer of Love” in San Francisco and Los Angeles, but it wasn’t all flowers and peace signs. A haunting blend of dark and light melodies and orchestral psychedelia, it was conceived in the Hollywood “castle” where the members lived and did drugs. Its wistful and bleak take on the counterculture earned recognition, but not until decades later (2008) when it was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
TapestryCAROLE KING(1971)From the serene window scene on the cover to the soothing sing-alongs inside, Tapestry is not only an album that reflects an era (the ’70s) but also a palpable sense of place (King at home in the hills of Hollywood and hanging out in Laurel Canyon). Recorded at A&M Studios on La Brea Avenue, the songwriter had some formidable L.A. figures by her side for this one, namely her producer Lou Adler and good friend James Taylor on backup vocals. The album garnered four Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year.
Court and SparkJONI MITCHELL(1974 )Inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, this folk rock favorite was a commercial and critical success, but it only scored Recording Academy recognition in 2004. Both a self-examination and a character study set in L.A., it reflects on the city’s hedonistic guises, revealing the gloom behind the glitz in a compelling way that only Mitchell could pull off so authentically.
Hotel CaliforniaTHE EAGLES(1976)Though the album lost to Rumours in ’78, the song “Hotel California” won Record of the Year, marking the LP’s cultural impact and relevance, which even Eagles haters must concede. With themes that both literally and metaphorically delve into Los Angeles’ rock scene and music industry, the album captures both a decadence and an intriguing sense of doom.
RumoursFLEETWOOD MAC(1977)Fleetwood Mac’s magnum opus was famously recorded at the Record Plant studios in L.A. and Sausalito, where infighting and drug use plagued the proceedings. The Best Album Grammy winner is about soured romances between members, but it also radiates a sunny SoCal sweetness sonically, making it an ironic and multi-layered listening experience to this day.
Bad GirlsDONNA SUMMER(1979)Summer’s Giorgio Moroder-fueled disco classic was nominated for Album of the Year and a slew of other awards, but oddly, only won for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance (“Hot Stuff”). The singer came up with the suggestive title and song while recording at L.A.’s Casablanca Records, after an employee there was accused of being a prostitute by local police on Sunset Boulevard. Referencing another part of town, Summer’s blistering cover of “MacArthur Park,” also recorded by everyone from Wayne Newton to the Four Tops, had a lot baked in.
ThrillerMICHAEL JACKSON(1982)The King of Pop had lived in L.A. for over a decade when he recorded this one and it shows. Produced by Quincy Jones and featuring local session musicians, the mega-hit album’s biggest single, “Billie Jean,” was written after driving down Ventura Boulevard near Jackson’s Encino compound. He’d take the stage at the Shrine Auditorium to accept a record-breaking eight Grammys including Record and Album of the Year, and for Making Michael Jackson’s Thriller, a piece of Hollywood movie magic that solidified his star power on screen. And let us not forget the iconic video for Thriller, directed by John Landis, was shot on Carroll Avenue, transforming the quiet historic street in Angelino Heights into a spooky, urban landscape, making it a must-stop on Hollywood bus tours to this day.
Appetite for DestructionGUNS N’ ROSES(1987)In terms of track order, there might be no better album than Appetite for Destruction, which opens up like gangbusters with Axl Rose in full register wail on “Welcome to the Jungle” — maybe the most fierce and foreboding song about L.A. ever — then doubles down with the arrogant rockstar anthem, “It’s So Easy.” The 2024 Grammy Hall of Fame inductee has heart too; “Sweet Child O’ Mine” remains an exemplary power ballad while “Paradise City,” written by bassist Duff McKagan, captured the California dream with a simplistic yet sinful ode that would define the band’s commercial side. It’s also so ’80s, but it still holds up.
Straight Outta ComptonN.W.A(1988)Maybe the most bombastic L.A. record ever, N.W.A lived up to their name serving not only attitude, but raw storytelling that laid out street life on this dynamic debut. Ice Cube and Eazy-E shine on this gangsta rap tour de force, but Dr. Dre’s beats and production are what made the record — the first hip hop album to be inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, in 2017 —accessible to all.
Full Moon FeverTOM PETTY(1989)Recorded primarily in his Heartbreaker bandmate Mike Campbell’s L.A. garage studio, Full Moon Fever (inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2019) is overtly L.A. in all the best ways. “Free Fallin’,” an ode to the Valley’s vampires with shout-outs to Ventura Boulevard, Reseda and Mulholland, captures the wistfulness of youth and the simplicity of life in the city’s suburbs while other tracks on Petty’s first solo venture gleam with a glossy mojo thanks to intuitive production by ELO’s Jeff Lynne.
Blood Sugar Sex MagikRED HOT CHILI PEPPERS(1991)Forget about Californication (RHCP’s bestselling album); when it comes to capturing Los Angeles’ austere locales and exuberant interludes, this Rick Rubin-produced gem is tops. Fairfax High alums Flea and Anthony Kiedis’ ardor for the city is all over it, from the confessional ballad “Under the Bridge” to bootie-boppin’ “Give It Away,” which won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance that year.
The ChronicDR. DRE(1992)Dr. Dre’s gifts for groove grew to new heights on his solo debut, ’92’s The Chronic — the third single from which, “Let Me Ride,” took home a Grammy for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 1994 ceremony. Its masterful production, soulful samples and standout collaborations remain L.A. cookout and cruising classics and they still burn bright three decades later.
Tuesday Night Music ClubCHERYL CROW(1995)Sheryl Crow's debut won three Grammy Awards in ‘95 including Record of the Year, Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. The former backup singer’s appeal came from her unfussy, somewhat basic approach to melody and musical narratives, like the mega-hit, “All I Wanna Do,” inspired by L.A. and the collective of local musicians and songwriters who met on Tuesday nights to write catchy n' sweet ditties "until the sun came up over Santa Monica Blvd."
OdelayBECK(1996)Beck started out playing L.A.’s burgeoning coffeehouse scene (we’ll never forget his arty acoustic gigs at the Onyx on Vermont Avenue in Los Feliz) but his debut, winner of Best Alternative Album at the 39th Annual Grammy Awards in 1997 and Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for “Where It’s At,” surprised a lot of his local fans with a more layered and beat-driven approach, thanks to The Dust Brothers’ production. From the phonetic Chicano greeting in the title to the mishmash of weird and wicked samples inside, Odelay captures the diversity of Elay in ways both simple and scenic.
Battle of Los AngelesRAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE(1999)Though Rage’s third and arguably best release lost to the Foo Fighters for Best Rock Album at the 43rd Grammy Awards, its standout track “Guerrilla Radio” took home Best Hard Rock Performance. Battle is also the Angeleno rap rock powerhouse’s most important work in terms of environmental inspirations. From the cover art depicting L.A. graffiti artist “The Street Phantom” to the World War II air raid referenced in the title to the video for “Radio” advocating against L.A. sweatshop conditions, this classic captures the group at its most caustic.
MesmerizeSYSTEM OF A DOWN(2006)Emerging in L.A. by way of Glendale and the San Fernando Valley, SOAD's manic metal has always been meaningful too, delving into Armenian culture and politics in a passionate way that gained fans beyond the headbanger set. 2001's Toxicity might be the band's most "L.A." album, from its Hollywood sign-appropriated cover to the title track about the chaos of "our city." But Mesmerize (conceived as part of double album release that saw follow-up Hypnotize out the next year) is no less evocative of the band's Angeleno influences. Its blistering single, "B.Y.O.B." won the Grammy for "Best Hard Rock Performance" that year.
Channel OrangeFRANK OCEAN(2012)Nominated for Album of the Year and winner of Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 55th Grammys, Ocean’s solo debut brought both sweet and sour flavors to the modern R&B genre, evoking his background growing up in Long Beach and later, involvement in West Coast rap rouser collective Odd Future. Its nuanced narratives and old school grooves, especially “Thinkin Bout You” and “Super Rich Kids,” possess a visceral L.A. energy.
BangarangSKRILLEX(2012)Casual dance music fans might remember the name Skrillex as an indie sleaze Angeleno darling whose liquidy grooves and brutal bass drops (coined “dubstep”) were copied by every DJ in town. His sound eventually found its way to TV and film soundtracks (see Spring Breakers and Transformers) making it a global phenomenon. The EDM producer has won nine Grammys total, including one just last year, but 2013’s Best Dance/Electronica album winner remains his signature, providing ferocious flashbacks of L.A.’s sweaty club and warehouse scene in the early 2000s.
1989TAYLOR SWIFT(2014)L.A. references have run through Swift’s work pretty much since she moved here around 2010. Her latest Tortured Poet’s Department is no exception (see “Clara Bow,” about cinema’s first big L.A. starlet). Fearless and Folklore, both of which won Best Album honors their respective years, have shoutouts to Hollywood and L.A. too, but 1989 arguably feels most aligned with her life here. Swifties might say it’s literally about NYC thanks to the opening track, but the record gets its heart from relationships that started and ended here– including frenemies like Katy Perry and nemeses like Ye. Plus, it’s got L.A.'s pride and joy Kendrick Lamar on the “Bad Blood” remix.
To Pimp a ButterflyKENDRICK LAMAR(2015)Before the Drake beef, before his triumphant “Not Like Us” and before he won the Pulitzer for Damn, Kendrick Lamar’s biggest creative achievement was “To Pimp a Butterfly,” a modern classic that elevated what hip hop could be. The Compton native’s almost decade-old Best Rap Album Grammy winner was funky and fearless, a raw, socially conscious record that tackled issues and ideas about the world through a Black lens that was more potent and poetic than any West Coast hip-hop artist before him.
RebirthBILLY CHILDS(2017)Los Angeles has been a nurturing locale for jazz and jazz players for years — from Charles Mingus to Zappa. Angeleno Billy Childs has more than lived up to the local legacy. Last year’s winner for Best Jazz Instrumental album, he also won in the category back in 2017 with “Rebirth,” a collection that the pianist and composer says was shaped by the diversity and essence of his hometown.
Happier Than EverBILLIE EILISH(2021)A nine-time Grammy winner at just 22 years old, Highland Park’s Billie Eilish has become the pride and joy of Los Angeles for her stunning vocal style, her unique fashions and her focus on family roots, which run deep in the City of Angels. Happier Than Ever saw the singer and brother Finneas further develop their sound after their debut’s big Grammy successes, and if there was any doubt that the follow-up Best Album winner was ignited by hometown creative sparks, the Disney concert film Happier Than Ever: A Love Letter to Los Angeles confirmed it.
RenaissanceBEYONCE(2023)Beyonce and hubby Jay-Z moved to L.A. (Bel Air) in late 2015-early 2016, reportedly for their daughter Blue Ivy's schooling. And over the years, the superstar couple from Houston and Brooklyn respectively, have clearly let the City of Angels seep into their sonic expression. Though Jay called out the Grammys for never awarding his wife album of the year last year, she's still won more from the Recording Academy than anyone else. Renaissance, which garnered nine nominations and won four statues, including Best Electronic Album, has lots of N.Y. ballroom culture references, but it's also very L.A., evoking the sexy hedonism of clubs and nightlife here as a contrast to the isolation of COVID-19 and lockdowns in Los Angeles.
Get the latest news delivered to your inbox daily! Sign up for Los Angeles Magazine’s The Daily Brief below or here.