Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Plymouth will see a whole raft of new roadworks schemes get under way in the city this week. And there are also a long list of road closures which will be in place on Wednesday and Thursday for the annual British Firework Championships.
 The British Fireworks Championships are coming to Plymouth this week. It is one of the highlights of the summer with up to 100,000 spectators set to watch from the Plymouth Hoe and the waterfront. 
On Wednesday and Thursday night, three fireworks companies will showcase their displays at 9.30pm, 9.50pm and 10.10pm. But for the event to go off safely, a raft of road closures are needed.
The following roads will be closed throughout both days of British Firework Championships on 14 & 15 August for driving, parking, waiting, loading and unloading of vehicles.
 Hoe Road, from the mound at the citadel to the junction of Pier Street. 1pm to 11pm 
· Madeira Road (junction of Elphinstone car park in its entirety). 1pm to 11pm
· Armada Way loop (Crowne Plaza with its junction of citadel road). 4pm to 11pm
· Top of Osborne Place to the junction of the back of The Esplanade. 7am to 11pm
· Citadel Road, from Lockyer street to Hoe Approach. 4pm to 11pm
· Lockyer Street, from the junction of Citadel Road to the junction of Notte Street with no access from Alfred Street. 10pm to 11pm
 · Notte Street, from the junction of Millbay Road to the junction of Hoe Approach. 10pm to 11pm 
· Staddon Lane, from the junction of Staddon Heights golf cub to the junction of Jennycliffe lane 4pm to 11pm
· Jennycliff Lane, from its junction of Staddon Lane to Lalebrick Road. 4pm to 11pm
· Lawrence Road, from its junction by the pub to the pier. 7am on 14 August through to 12pm on 16 August
· Lawrence Road, from roundabout to junction of pub, 4pm to 10.30pm access for residents only.
· Princess Street, from the junction of Lockyer Street to the junction of Princess Ope, inc. access from Armada Way 10pm to 11pm
The following roads will be closed at various points from 7am to 11pm both days of British Firework Championships on 14 & 15 August for parking, waiting, loading and unloading of vehicles.
· Osbourne Place (Top 6 bays).
· Armada loop (All bays).
· Princess Street from the junction of Princess Ope to Lockyer Street (7 bays).
· Hoe Road from the mound to Madeira Rd roundabout. (All bays)
· Hoe Road waterfront from the Maderia Rd roundabout to the Grand Parage Roundabout. (All bays)
· Citadel Rd from the junction of Sussex Place to Lockyer Street. (All bays)
· Lawrence Road in its entirety (both sides).
· Jennycliffe Lane from the junction of Church Hill Rd to Staddon Lane.
Ahead of the event, advice has been given to those looking to attend to make sure it is as easy as possible to attend.
PARK AND RIDE
All visitors arriving by car are encouraged to use Plymouth’s Park and Ride services, provided by Stagecoach, which provide a quick and direct service to Royal Parade where passengers can either walk approximately 10 minutes up to the Hoe.
Important notice regarding Milehouse Park & Ride
On Wednesday 14 August (only), there are multiple events taking place in Plymouth, including a Plymouth Argyle Football Club match and Live in the Park in Central Park. The Milehouse Park & Ride is expected to be very busy and the car park is likely to be full by the early afternoon. The Park and Ride service from Royal Parade will still be operating at the times listed below, but the Milehouse car park will be on a first-come, first-served and will be very busy. We recommend people travelling to the British Firework Championships, to consider alternative parking plans if using their own vehicle, such as using the other Park and Ride services within Plymouth (Coypool and The George) or other car parks, or public transport to get to and from the event.
Additional Park and Ride services will be put on after the event finishes, both services 100 and 300 will depart from stop number A8 on Royal Parade.
Royal Parade to George Park and Ride (Service 100)
· Depart 10.35pm arriving at 10.56pm
· Depart 10.50pm arriving at 11.11pm
· Depart 11.05pm arriving at 11.26pm
· Depart 11.20pm arriving at 11.41pm
· Depart 11.35pm arriving at 11.56pm
Royal Parade to Milehouse & Coypool Park and Ride (Service 300)
· Depart 10.35pm arriving at 10.44pm at Milehouse, 10.54pm at Coypool
· Depart 10.50pm arriving at 10.59pm at Milehouse, 11.09pm at Coypool
· Depart 11.05pm arriving at 11.14pm at Milehouse, 11.24pm at Coypool
· Depart 11.20pm arriving at 11.29pm at Milehouse, 11.39pm at Coypool
· Depart 11.35pm arriving at 11.44pm at Milehouse, 11.54pm at Coypool
TRAIN TRAVEL
GWR will be operating their regular timetabled service, however they aim to provide extra capacity on their trains where possible for travellers in and out the city. This means that on both days of the event:
· 6.03pm – Paddington to Penzance terminates Plymouth
· 6.59pm – Cardiff to Penzance terminates Plymouth
· 9pm – Penzance to Exeter. Depart 3 mins earlier than usual from Plymouth.
· 9.22pm – Plymouth to Penzance runs additionally
 · 10.57pm – departing to Penzance calling at Saltash, St German, Liskeard and then all stations to Penzance 
· 11.14pm – departing to Gunnislake, calling all stations.
· 11.16pm – departing to Exeter St Davids calling Totnes, Newton Abbot and Exeter St Davids
 · 11.20pm – departure to Exeter St Davids calling Ivybridge, Totnes, Newton Abbot and Exeter St Davids
CAR
 Travelling by car to Plymouth is easily accessible from most locations within the UK. Most driving routes will bring you onto the M5, which eventually merges to become the A38 bringing you directly to Plymouth. 
 There are over 50 car parks and more than 5,200 parking spaces in Plymouth and plenty of street parking. 19 of these car parks are situated in and around the city centre, varying from short term and long term stays. There are spaces in each car park for disabled badge holders. Standard charges apply. Other options include Drake Circus and the Barcode with over 1,600 parking spaces available. 
If parking in Sutton Harbour, please expect long delays when leaving using the lock bridge as maritime traffic will be given priority when re-entering the harbour.
Disabled Parking
An extended parking area will be available on the Hoe promenade for blue badge holders, but spaces will be taken on a first come, first served basis. Access will be via Elliott Street entrance to the Hoe promenade from 5.30pm.
Drop off point
The best drop off location if you have access needs is the Elliot Street entrance, this entrance has level access and leads directly onto the main promenade where the majority of the event activities are taking place, including the main viewing area and access platforms.
Plymouth City Council has helpfully put out a list of roadworks that will be taking place across the city over the next week. The council is responsible for coordinating works carried out by utility companies, developers and other organisations as well as their own repair, maintenance and improvement works. 
They maintain all public roads in Plymouth except the A38, which is managed by National Highways on behalf of the Department for Transport.
“We know there's no good time to close roads, especially on busy routes and we do everything we can to co-ordinate planned works and minimise their impact on our transport network,” a City Council spokesman said.
 The following roadworks are taking place in Plymouth between Monday 12 and Saturday 17 August . 
STARTING THIS WEEK
 Budshead Road 
Monday 12 and Tuesday 13 August
Three-way signals at Whitleigh Green junction, 9.30am to 3.30pm
Telecom works
Hutchison 3G Ltd
 Chapel Street (Greenbank) 
Monday 12 to Friday 23 August
Road closed, 24 hours a day
Supply disconnection
National Grid
 Finnigan Road 
Monday 12 August to Wednesday 4 September
One lane closed (with contraflow) between Laira Bridge Road and Faraday Road, 24 hours a day
Work to remove loose vegetation and rock
Safemark Highways
 Horn Cross Road 
Monday 12 to Friday 16 August
Two-way signals opposite McMullin Motors, 9.30am to 3.30pm
Bus shelter works
Clear Channel
 Lanhydrock Road 
Monday 12 August
Road closed between numbers 12 and 78, 8am to 5pm
Sewer pipe cleaning
South West Water
 Leigham/Marsh Mills (eastbound) 
Monday 12 August
One lane closed on slip road from Leigham Roundabout to Marsh Mills, 9.30am to 3pm
Digital sign replacement
SWARCO
 Longbridge Road 
Monday 12 August
Two-way signals near Leigham Manor Drive junction, 7pm to midnight
Manhole works
Plymouth City Council
 Mannamead Road (inbound) 
Monday 12 to Friday 16 August
One lane closed on approach to Eggbuckland Road, 9.30am to 3.30pm
Bus shelter works
Clear Channel
 Miller Way 
Monday 12 to Friday 16 August
Two-way signals outside number 186, 9.30am to 3.30pm
Bus shelter works
Clear Channel
 Southway Drive 
Monday 12 to Friday 16 August
Four-way signals at Pendeen Crescent junction, 9.30am to 3.30pm
Bus shelter works
Clear Channel
 Stonehouse Bridge (inbound) 
Monday 12 to Friday 23 August
One lane closed, 24 hours a day
Manhole works
South West Water
 Billacombe Road (inbound) 
Tuesday 13 to Thursday 15 August
One lane closed opposite Hillside Crescent, 7pm to 11.30pm
Manhole works
BT
 Embankment Road (outbound) 
Tuesday 13 August
One lane closed from Lanhydrock Road to Arnolds Point, 7pm to midnight
Manhole works
Plymouth City Council
 Gdynia Way (inbound) 
Tuesday 13 August
One lane closed on approach to Cattedown Road bridge, 9.30am to 3pm
Digital sign replacement
SWARCO
 Bracken Lane/Plymbridge Lane 
Wednesday 14 August
Two-way signals at rear of Mercedes-Benz, 7pm to 10pm
Street lighting works
Plymouth City Council
 Frogmore Avenue 
Wednesday 14 to Wednesday 28 August
Three-way signals at Orchard Avenue junction, 24 hours a day
Gas main works
Wales and West Utilities
 Plymouth Road (inbound) 
Wednesday 14 August
One lane closed near Sainsbury’s exit slip, 9.30am to 3pm
Digital sign replacement
SWARCO
 The Hoe/Jennycliff 
Wednesday 14 and Thursday 15 August
 Various road closures 
 British Firework Championships 
Plymouth City Council
 Underwood Road 
Wednesday 14 August
Road closed between Kennel Hill and Underlane, 7pm to 9pm
Patch repairs
Plymouth City Council
 Stuart Road (eastbound) 
Thursday 15 August
One lane closed on approach to Pennycomequick Roundabout, 7pm to 10pm
Lit sign repair works
Plymouth City Council
 CURRENT/ONGOING WORKS 
 Beaumont Road 
Until Friday 16 August
Two-way signals between Gasking Street and White Friars Lane, 24 hours a day (manually controlled at peak times)
Drainage works
Plymouth City Council
 Chapel Street (Devonport) 
Until Friday 6 September
Rolling multi-way signals from Park Avenue to St Aubyn Vicarage, 24 hours a day (manually controlled at peak times)
Gas main works
Wales and West Utilities
 Church Hill Road 
Until Friday 23 August (not including Wednesday 14 or Thursday 15 August)
Rolling two-way signals from Jennycliff Lane to Tapson Drive, 6am to 10pm
Footway works
Plymouth City Council
 Colin Campbell Court 
Until Sunday 1 December
Road closed at rear of Stroll on Baby, 24 hours a day
Works for new community diagnostic centre
DA Giles Ltd
 Derriford Road (westbound) 
Until Tuesday 13 August
Bus lane closed on approach to Plymbridge Lane, 24 hours
Gas main works
Wales and West Utilities
 Laira Rail Bridge 
Until Friday 19 November
Footway/cycleway closed, 24 hours a day
Remedial works
Plymouth City Council
 New George Street 
Until Friday 4 October
Road closed between Old Town Street and Tesco Metro, 24 hours a day
City Centre Improvement Scheme
Morgan Sindall
 New Street (Barbican) 
Until Tuesday 13 August
Road closed, 24 hours a day
Shopfront repairs
Penquite Construction
 Old Town Street 
Until Friday 4 October
Road closed, 24 hours a day
City Centre Improvement Scheme
Morgan Sindall
 Phoenix Street (southbound) 
Until Saturday 30 November
Road closed from Sawrey Street to Millbay Road, 24 hours a day
Remodelling
ISG Construction Ltd
 Plymstock Road 
Until Tuesday 13 August
Two-way signals outside number 96, 9am to 3pm
Meter installation
South West Water
 Savage Road 
Until Wednesday 30 April 2025
Road closed between Kelly Close and Talbot Gardens, 24 hours a day
Regeneration works
Fred Champion Groundworks Ltd
 Tavistock Road (outbound) 
Until 4am on Sunday 11 August (nights)
Rolling lane closures from approach to Southway Drive to The Court and then from Woolwell Roundabout to Eco Way (all access maintained), 8pm to 4am
Cable recovery
BT
 View all current and proposed works on the network on our roadworks map. 
PlymouthLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us. Once you sign up for our updates, we'll send the latest breaking news and biggest stories of the day straight to your phone.
To join our community, you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select 'Join Community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the PlymouthLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'Exit group'. If you're curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.