Around the country, pubs are closing at a terrifying rate. The Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) estimates that 1,200 pubs will have closed this calendar year and it was recently reported that fifty pubs closed per month in the first half of 2024. 
They are stark and saddening figures. I believe that pubs are the heart of their communities - vital institutions that should be treasured and protected. Fortunately, Merseyside boasts an enviable collection of watering holes. For my money, nowhere has a better offering of pubs than Liverpool city centre. 
Though Merseyside's hospitality industry is the envy of many other places and our city centre attracts endless groups every single weekend, we are not immune to those challenges. We have seen plenty of brutal closures in recent times.
READ MORE: Pub at heart of Merseyside town is 'chocka' every Friday and Saturday
READ MORE: Step off the train and you're at the start of a great pub crawl with exciting new venues
Take Bootle as an example - two of its most famous pubs have shut their doors this year. The Merton is boarded up, showing no signs of movement, and The Mons closed its doors for good in July. 
That said, I do believe, despite the doom and gloom, there are reasons to be cheerful when it comes to pubs in our region - particularly in the city centre but also out of town. I write frequently about Merseyside’s hospitality industry and what has struck me recently is how often the ECHO has covered the re-opening of pubs or others where money is being poured in.
Litherland’s The Railway has recently reopened after a lot of money was spent on a refurbishment - as has The Jawbone Tavern in Bootle. There is further good news on the horizon as well, as Lark Lane legend Keith Haggis - of Keith’s fame - hopes to be opening the doors of St Michaels pub The Belgrave in 2025, bringing it back to life after its 2011 closure.
In the city centre, the 1936 Pub Company has been very busy recently. After reviving The Vines and setting up new Georgian Quarter venues The Queen of Hope Street, The White Hart and The Engineer, the company bought then-vacant pub The Monro and put its own spin on it earlier this year.
Showing no signs of stopping, the 1936 Pub Company is currently working on converting the Alma De Cuba nightclub on Seel Street into Irish-style pub St Peter's Tavern. It seems to have captured lightning in a bottle, drawing drinkers of all ages to traditional-style pubs.
 Elsewhere, The Pig & Whistle has been taken over by a new licensee, ping to breathe new life into it following its closure, and The Pen Factory was taken over by Dominic and Fiona Hornsby's Small Hands company after the legendary Paddy Byrne decided to sell up.
You don't seem to be seeing new pubs opening in many other cities. Far too many are lost for good.
So, despite the aforementioned challenges, Liverpool and other parts of Merseyside appear to be in a better state than much of this country when it comes to retaining pubs. The way they can shine as a result does not go unnoticed to visitors to the city. 
Last month's Labour Party Conference drew thousands of people to Liverpool and the main winner from that seemed to be the city's pubs. Many attendees left our city with many kind things to say about Liverpool's boozers. 
Among them was Telegraph columnist Madeleine Grant, who wrote: "Liverpool boasts a thriving pub culture like no other. From live music at The Grapes to the splendid isolation of The Baltic Fleet, still standing firm on the dock.
"From the must-sees: the famed sloping floor of The Globe and the Beatles’ haunt of Ye Cracke, to the hidden gems of The Denbigh Castle and The Belvedere. Or my favourite: the joyously crowded Peter Kavanagh’s, where ornate ashtrays are built into the tables waiting, like Drake’s Drum, for the moment when they might be called into noble use again. London, a city that post-10pm becomes a bastion of Cromwellian dourness, could certainly learn a thing or two from the Liverpudlian nightlife."
Many of my university friends live in London - the capital's early pub closures and lack of a real late-night offering certainly irks them. When they come to visit me in Liverpool, they are overwhelmed by not only the quality of our pubs but how late you can stay in them.
Here, if nightclubs are not your thing, you can sip a pint in The Grapes on Roscoe Street until well after midnight, Slater Street's The Red Lion is open until 3am at weekends and many of Mathew Street's boozers will serve you into the early hours. We have great clubs and bars, but late opening pubs might be my favourite part of our night-time economy offering. 
Now, as I said earlier, I'm not blind to the challenges faced by publicans. It is a hard profession and too many venues are closing or are at risk of closure - they battled through lockdown and the cost of living crisis arrived hot on its heels as another cruel blow.
As such, anyone with a stake in a pub, bar, restaurant or club will be hoping for some help in Rachel Reeves' budget, which will be delivered next week. The UK's biggest pub company Stonegate has warned that there will be widespread closures if the budget does not allow an extension to business rates relief, which was a lifeline when introduced during the pandemic.
As a consequence, many people are quick to declare that pubs are dying. Yes, they are taking hits - whether that's because there's a younger generation who are less likely to socialise by drinking alcohol or that costs have been spiralling for years now. 
But I think Merseyside - particularly Liverpool city centre - is proof that there's plenty of life in them yet. Our established haunts in town like The Grapes, The Baltic Fleet, The Vernon Arms and many more are still packed with their regulars each weekend.
Not just that, but entrepreneurial people seem to be queuing up to take over venues when they do have to close and some are even setting new pubs up entirely. I'll drink to that.