Drake Henry Bednar of Stuttgart, age eight, was playing a game on a hot summer day a couple of weeks ago. The game involved giving water to people who didn’t have it, which sparked an idea in Drake Henry’s mind.
He asked his mom, Leslie, why they couldn’t do that in real life. Inspired by her son’s idea, Leslie contacted Jennifer “Pooh” White, the youth minister at First Methodist Church. They discussed how to make Drake Henry’s vision a reality.
Jennifer White, who also serves on the food bank board, presented the idea to the board. They agreed to set up Drake Henry’s “Water Hut” outside the food bank, providing access to water for those in need during scorching 100-degree days.
Support from the community poured in. A community member donated a refrigerator, and cases of bottled water started arriving even before the setup was complete.
Initially, the plan was to place the Water Hut outside the food bank to allow access even when the food bank was closed. However, the new property owner, who had graciously agreed to let the food bank stay, preferred it be placed inside. Now, those in need can get water during the food bank’s open hours: Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from noon to 1 p.m.
Leslie said she aims to raise her children to be kind, empathetic, and helpful. Drake Henry’s initiative with the “Water Hut” is a testament to these values.
In a world often seen as divided and self-centered, Drake Henry brings hope to the community. His independent ideas and actions serve as an inspiration. Imagine the positive change if more young people thought of others the way Drake Henry does.
If you would like to support Drake Henry’s Water Hut, donations of bottled water or monetary contributions are welcome. Please take them to Turpin Funeral Home, where his dad works, and specify they are for the Water Hut.
Welcome to the Stuttgart Daily Leader
We are locally owned and operated and the most complete source of news and information in South Central and Southeast Arkansas. We provide top-quality advertising and exposure to small business owners, companies and industries in the communities we serve.
Phone number:
870.673.1595
Email address:
stuttgartdailyleader@stuttgartdailyleader.com
© Stuttgart Daily Leader