The PlayStation 3 had a rough start. The price was high, and there weren’t all that many great games compared to the best Xbox 360 games. However, Sony stuck with it and eventually managed to turn things around, leading to one of the most important generations in terms of new IP. Since that time, video game graphics and gameplay have only gotten more realistic with the best PS4 games and even better with the best PS5 games. 
Despite all the advancements and new consoles, you may sometimes be in the mood to revisit some of your favorite games that you played as a kid or teenager. Sifting through all the old PS3 games can feel overwhelming, but if you’re trying to figure out which games are still worth your time, we’ve compiled a list of recommendations. We’ve also gathered a list of the best PS1 games and best PS2 games for the sake of nostalgia.
Playing as going-on-senior-citizen Solid Snake could have easily been a disaster, but Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots took the series in a brilliant direction with the use of gadgets like the camouflage suit, a buddy robot, and the innovative Psyche Meter. From a technical perspective, MGS4 was one of the best Metal Gear games, from visuals to gameplay to cinematics.
The story, like the games in the series before it, twisted and turned and amused and befuddled. With a movie-length cutscene sequence at the end, MGS4 ended with a startling bang. MGS4 was a more than worthy addition into the Metal Gear library and is commonly viewed as one of the greatest stealth games of all time.
The Souls series gained a reputation as the standard for challenging games. Demon Souls kicked off the From Software series, but it was Dark Souls that brought the punishing franchise to the mainstream, and for good reason. Though Dark Souls is an open-world game with a dizzying number of tangents and secrets, it can be aptly described as an epic boss rush.
You had to master the methodical combat and learn the tendencies of its diabolical bosses to come out on top. Even early bosses felt like an immense hurdle, which made each victory sweeter than the last. Dark Souls is also known for its bugs and inconsistencies. Rather than diminishing the experience, however, the strange occurrences and dips in performances contributed to its novel charm.
Dead Space felt like the perfect combination of horror and action. Developed by the now-defunct Visceral Games, Dead Space followed spaceship engineer Isaac Clarke’s repair mission on the USG Ishimura. Naturally, things quickly went south when Clarke realized the crew had been slaughtered and turned into terrifying creatures called Necromorphs.
Dead Space stood out for its haunting atmosphere and brilliant action gameplay that saw players dismembering the Necromorphs limb by limb with technological gadgets. With brilliant pacing and expert design, Dead Space kicked off one of the best horror game series of the era.
Fumito Ueda’s Shadow of the Colossus was great on the PlayStation 2, sure, but it’s even better remastered on the PS3. The larger-than-life title has you playing as the game’s two heroes, Wander and his horse Argo, shuffling you through a bleak and somber landscape as you work to eradicate a host of enormous colossi and wake your fair maiden from her slumber.
The colossus fights make boss battles in any other game look small and prosaic by comparison. The short story and accompanying score are beautifully orchestrated — as are the updated visuals — but it’s the way the puzzle and action mechanics seamlessly intertwine that makes it unlike anything else.
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare was a watershed moment for the franchise and first-person shooters in general. First, it brought the traditionally World War II shooter into the modern era with a contemporary single-player campaign that raised the bar for the genre. It remains one of the most affecting and well-crafted campaigns in shooter history. Second, it really kickstarted the Call of Duty multiplayer craze on consoles.
Thanks to finely-tuned mechanics, an addictive class-based system, and wondrously-designed maps, Modern Warfare quickly became the leading example of multiplayer shooters done right. Even more than a decade after its release, fans are still enjoying Modern Warfare thanks to a remake on current-gen consoles as one of the best Call of Duty games.
Developed by Insomniac Games, the Resistance series saved its best game for last. Set in a ridiculously cool alternate 1950s reality filled with grotesque aliens, every single mission managed to outdo the previous one. Fast, over-the-top combat made Resistance 3 a constant joy to play, but it was the touching story that brought the trilogy to a great conclusion.
For a science-fiction series filled with fantastical elements, Resistance 3‘s grounded tale about protecting one’s family was both surprising and moving. Though Insomniac has moved on in the years since the underrated trilogy reached its conclusion, Resistance 3 remains one of its best efforts.
Portal 2 is a wonder to play — that is, assuming you can look past the lengthy load times and general lack of replay value. It features a welcome array of spatial orientation puzzles centered around the portal gun, much like its short predecessor, and includes both a story-driven single-player and a less story-driven two-player mode that is one of the best co-op games you can find.
Either way, the puzzles are more sophisticated and the characters more entertaining than before, the latter of which owes much to the game’s clever writing and Valve’s ability to bring a surprising human element to its cast of spherical robots and ghostly voices, featuring fantastic actors like Stephen Merchant and J.K. Simmons. All-in-all, it sits as one of the best puzzle games of all time.
The charming Ni no Kuni is a pleasure, described by some as Chrono Trigger crossed with Pokémon, in the style of Studio Ghibli, who worked on the game’s animation. It’s a sweeping cartoon adventure revolving around a simple boy named Oliver, who sets out to become a wizard in the hopes of toppling evil and saving his recently departed mother.
The timeless world is rich and inventive, whether it’s the talking scenarios, enemies, characters, or the surrounding locales. And the heartfelt themes and motifs make up for troublesome leveling mechanics. Drippy is also one of the best fairy sidekicks you ask for, on par with Ocarina of Time‘s Navi.
Bethesda’s world conceived for the latest iteration of the Elder Scrolls is incredibly immersive and significant, not just in terms of its massive map and an overwhelming number of quests, but in the fascinating lore and battles themselves. It’s been almost a decade since its initial release, and people still use it as a standard for the scale of open-world RPG games.
Bethesda was smart about marketing this game—they made it accessible on all platforms so anyone can use it. Battling dragons is amazing in itself, but the game’s atmosphere and design are what puts it heads and shoulders above its predecessors. Even though it’s an older game, it’s one of the best single-player games out there.
Mass Effect, by Bioware, is widely considered one of the best video game trilogies ever made. Our personal favorite is the original, which was one of the first choice-based role-playing games. Gamers play the game as Commander Shepard, placed in the Milky Way galaxy during the year 2183. Your goal as Shepard is just the small epic quest of saving humanity.
Mass Effect is an incredible world-building platform with excellent writing and plotting. While some newer gamers may find the first Mass Effect to be a bit slow at the start, the ending makes the wait worthwhile. This first game from Mass Effect has long sat near the top of our list of RPGs. We’re sad to say that the sequel, Mass Effect: Andromeda, doesn’t quite live up to the hype.
The stealth genre has somewhat faded into the shadows as more and more games integrate stealth mechanics without fully embracing what makes the genre so special. Plenty of the best FPS games and best horror games all give you the option to be sneaky but also give you plenty of ways to fight back or ignore stealth entirely. True stealth games make it either impossible or prohibitively difficult to get through them without staying silent, unseen, and unnoticeed. All your tools and skills revolve around concealment, awareness, distraction, or incapacitating guards. There's no greater feeling than infiltrating an area, completing your objective, and slinking back out without there being a single shred of evidence you were ever there. These are the best stealth games of all time that deliver that feeling like nothing else.
While not as common, there are a few stealth titles on our list of upcoming video games that could end up on this list in the future.
Activsion knew what it was doing when it revealed Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 + 4 with the iconic Ace of Spades playing in the background. Those who played these games on the PS2 cannot separate the memories of grinding and flipping through those classic maps. We already know that all the old maps are coming back, plus a ton of skaters, but the big question was about the music. The first pair of remakes managed to bring back most of the old tracklist, but not everything. Here is every confirmed track, new and old, coming to Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 + 4.
All confirmed music in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 + 4
Sadly, the full original soundtracks for these games will not be included in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 + 4. Like the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2 remake, we will get a majority of the old songs with some new ones mixed in. As of March 2025, two waves of songs have been announced, and future waves will be released as we approach the game's launch. You can rock out with the currently released songs right now via the official Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 + 4 Spotify playlist that will update with future waves as they come out.
The hero shooter genre has been around for years but really started hitting its stride in the latest console generation. A lot of the best PS5 games are still narrative-focused games, but more and more of the best FPS games are starting to crack that list, with hero shooters being especially popular. These games give more personality and depth to your normal run-and-gun experience with unique characters that have their own movesets that add new layers to the gameplay. This makes it so games are determined by more than just who has the best aim and reflexes. Thanks to most of them being cross-platform games, hero shooters are easy to jump into and find matches with, but first, you need to find the right one for you. Here are the current best hero shooters you can play on PS5.
There are also a ton of upcoming PS5 games that could be the next big hero shooter phenomenon.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.