By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	There are many scenes in “Saltburn” that will have your mouth agape, eyebrows furrowed and eyes squinted…as in, let me get a closer look because there’s no way. But the first one comes around 30 minutes into the film when Oliver (Barry Keoghan) drinks and audibly slurps the used bath water that Felix (Jacob Elordi) was masturbating in just minutes before. 

	Well now that scene, after being made into countless memes, is now a candle. Move over Gwyneth Paltrow “This Smells Like My Orgasm” candle, there’s a new 2024 scent and it smells like Jacob Elordi’s climax. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					Trump Posts AI-Generated Image of Himself Dressed as the Pope		
			








	The candle, labeled “Jacob Elordi’s Bathwater,” is available on Etsy for $27.91 and Amazon for $36 and reached the masses after  a video circulated on TikTok. The product description reads “There’s nothing quite like the smell of a quality candle, particularly when that smell is inspired by Jacob Elordi and what we imagine His Highness to smell like.”




			Popular on Variety		






	The scent comes in three flavors: vanilla, comfort spice and sea breeze. The candle is being sold by Side Hustle Vibes, also home to Drake’s bathwater, Harry Style’s bathwater and Eau De Timothée.

	However, Side Hustle Vibes isn’t the only one selling Jacob Elordi-themed candles. Cool Girl Candles introduced another, slightly more appropriate, “This smells like Jacob Elordi” candle for $19.79.

	“I was like, ‘Thank God, it’s mine,’” Elordi told Variety about the graphic scene. “I was very proud. I was very proud to have Barry guzzling it like that.”

	“Saltburn,” which released in theaters in November, is now available to stream on Prime Video. 
The Business of Entertainment