Helena Police Department
A man who reportedly absconded from probation and parole has been arrested following the shooting death of a woman found inside a car parked on a Helena street, police said Saturday.
Officers were called at 9:32 p.m. Friday by someone who reported a female was shot near Prospect Avenue and North Washington Street, authorities said in an email.
Helena police found the 42-year-old woman sitting inside of a vehicle. She had suffered a gunshot wound and officers attempted life-saving measures but she was pronounced dead after being taken by ambulance to the hospital, officials said. She has not been identified.
Kenneth William Greene
Assistant Police Chief Cory Bailey said the suspect, Kenneth William Greene, 62, of Helena, was spotted by officers about 7:30 a.m. Saturday and arrested. He was being held at the Lewis and Clark County Detention Center on suspicion of deliberate homicide and a probation violation. 
On Friday night, Greene fled the scene prior to officers’ arrival, authorities said. Witnesses provided a description of the suspect along with a partial vehicle description that he drove away in. Officers later located the vehicle and seized it as evidence.
Kenneth William Greene
One of the witnesses said Greene had an ankle bracelet on as he was being monitored by Probation and Parole, police said. Probation and Parole told officers he had cut off his ankle bracelet.
According to the Montana Department of Corrections website, Greene had been found guilty of assault with a weapon in 2022 in Custer County and had been sentenced to 10 years in prison. The website stated he had "Absconded from Helena Probation And Parole."
Police said this incident was not a random act of violence and was an isolated event, meaning the victim was targeted by Greene.
The Helena Police Department was assisted by Lewis and Clark Sheriff’s Office, Montana Highway Patrol and the state of Montana Probation and Parole.
No further information is immediately available.
Assistant editor Phil Drake can be reached at 406-231-9021.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
These counties have the highest reported crime rates in Montana per capita. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.