RANDOLPH COUNTY, Ark. (KAIT) – A couple of Arkansas law enforcement agencies were credited with helping an Indiana police department solve a theft investigation.
According to Randolph County Sheriff Kevin Bell, he received a letter on Wednesday, Sept. 18, from Carmel Police Chief Drake Sterling, thanking his department, and Arkansas State Police Troop B and C for helping in the investigation.
The letter stated at approximately 3:28 a.m. on May 16, a burglary occurred at a Carmel business. Police were able to get a description of the suspect vehicle and found it was traveling on Highway 67 in Arkansas.
“A Carmel detective contacted the dispatch center in Randolph County and requested they attempt to locate and stop the suspect vehicle, Chief Sterling said.
Shortly after, Carmel police learned an Arkansas State trooper spotted the vehicle speeding and initiated a traffic stop. Upon approach, the trooper could smell the odor of marijuana, and five occupants were detained.
“A search of the vehicle subsequently yielded approximately two pounds of marijuana along with numerous large bags of merchandise,” Chief Sterling said. “The bags of merchandise were in vacuum-sealed bags.
The letter goes on to say photographs of the items were sent to Carmel detectives, who confirmed they were stolen during an overnight burglary. The occupants were arrested as a result.
In total, over $68,000 worth of stolen items was recovered from the vehicle, according to Chief Sterling.
The letter ended with Chief Sterling thanking everyone involved for their help in the investigation.
“This was a very fluid investigation and without the teamwork from other law enforcement entities, we likely would not been able to recover the stolen property,” he said.
In a social media post, Bell said the letter points out “the value of real-time license plate readers that are in use in Pocahontas” while giving a great job to the officers involved in the investigation.
To report a typo or correction, please click here.
Copyright 2024 KAIT. All rights reserved.