Police have seized drones, mobile phones and drugs as part of a crackdown on the tidal of contraband being smuggled into jails across Greater Manchester - with two men arrested 250 miles away.
So far four suspects have been arrested, one following a 70mph police pursuit after a suspected stolen car sped away from Forest Bank prison in Salford where an operation was underway to prevent contraband getting into the jail. Following the chase, a man in his 30s and a woman in her 20s were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle.
Traffic cops armed with ANPR cameras, police sniffer dogs and even a police drone were used as part of the operation earlier this week (Wednesday) outside four Greater Manchester prisons: Strangeways in Manchester city centre, HMP Forest Bank in Salford, HMP Buckley Hall in Rochdale and HMP Hindley in Wigan.
READ MORE: Prison visitor FLEES Greater Manchester Police 'in stolen Audi A3' sparking 70mph chase captured in dramatic footage
But, prior to the official launch, police have seized drones being used to smuggle phones and drugs into prisons.
On Saturday September 21, prison and police officers were scrambled after a drone was spotted flying close to Strangeways prison. The pilot and others fled but their vehicle was later stopped in Kent in which a drone and cannabis were found.
Two men in their 30s were arrested on suspicion of conveying prohibited items into prison and possession of Class B drugs. They were interviewed and released on bail pending further investigations.
Earlier that same evening, as part of the same operation, a drone was located and recovered by GMP officers before it could enter the prison and was found to have a large payload of tobacco, cannabis, suspected cocaine, ecstasy, mobile phones and pen drives.
Seven days later at HMP Hindley, a drone carrying contraband was spotted by police who late spotted the pilot who fled on foot, according to GMP. Officers later arrested a man on suspicion of attempting to convey a prohibited article into a prison.
Police believe gangs are hiring expert drone pilots to fly drugs into prison which can fetch five times more than out on the streets.
In Rochdale, police visited shops believed to be linked to the supply of illegal cigarettes, tobacco and vapes into prisons. After searches of two address on Drake Street, contraband worth £33,000 was seized.
Detective Superintendent Andy Buckthorpe, GMP's strategic lead for threat from organised crime in prisons, said: “This operation is a culmination of several months work to bring together each district and partners to combat and tackle the crime threat that we are seeing in our four Manchester prisons.
"We have four prisons in Greater Manchester, and they all have slightly different threats in relation to organised crime, we have recently seen the prevalence of contraband coming from the community into our prison establishments and that is one of the main reasons why we have stepped up our efforts over the past few years to tackle this.
"There is a market inside the prison for contraband for controlled drugs, mobile phones and tobacco, which once they are transported inside the walls are worth up to five times their value on the outside.
"At the start of October we launched a multi-agency drugs strategy, and over the last year we increased arrests within the top tiers of GM’s organised crime groups by 69%, and we will do everything we can, alongside our partners, to make sure this number continues to rise."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.