Our name is about honesty. The Monitor is owned by The Christian Science Church, and we’ve always been transparent about that.
The Church publishes the Monitor because it sees good journalism as vital to progress in the world. Since 1908, we’ve aimed “to injure no man, but to bless all mankind,” as our founder, Mary Baker Eddy, put it.
Here, you’ll find award-winning journalism not driven by commercial influences – a news organization that takes seriously its mission to uplift the world by seeking solutions and finding reasons for credible hope.
A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you.
Behind the news are values that drive people and nations. Explore them here.
        
Intentional disruption has been a theme of President Donald Trump’s second term, be it via Elon Musk’s DOGE team or tariffs or deportations. But on Thursday morning, the news that national security adviser Michael Waltz and his deputy were being “ousted” sent a shock wave through Washington. As in Trump 1.0, when national security adviser Michael Flynn lasted just 22 days, the sense of unwelcome disruption was palpable.Later in the afternoon, President Trump announced that he was nominating Mr. Waltz for United Nations ambassador, with Secretary of State Marco Rubio filling in as national security adviser. The Monitor’s global security correspondent, Anna Mulrine Grobe, unpacks it all.    
Discover the values that drive the story.
The Christian Science Monitor's coverage of the war between Hamas and Israel, and related articles.
A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you.

Already a subscriber?  Log in

We want to bridge divides to reach everyone.
Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads.
Loading...



    		March 13, 2024, 3:44 p.m. ET
	

|
Los Angeles


Whimsy is everywhere at the art carnival Luna Luna: Forgotten Fantasy. Don’t try to hop on the carousel, though. That’s designed by Keith Haring, one of the 20th century’s most celebrated artists.
The fact that so many works at Luna Luna, which runs through this spring in Los Angeles, are only for gazing upon hardly lessens the joy.
“You just smile,” says Gina Gallo, an animated-film producer visiting the exhibit. “It’s eye candy for the soul.”
Amusement parks offer an escape from the doldrums of everyday life. But rather than thrills, this art carnival peddles whimsy and joy.
The fanciful pieces have roots in Hamburg, Germany, where Austrian multimedia artist André Heller in the 1980s summoned a who’s who of visionaries to think up rides, music, and immersive experiences for an amusement park. Salvador Dalí added a domed, mirrored room; David Hockney created his version of a forest; Jean-Michel Basquiat dreamed up a Ferris wheel. And music by Philip Glass filled a pavilion by Roy Lichtenstein.
After its Hamburg run, the park was packed up and put away in storage, where it languished for decades. It took rapper Drake to help revive it – with a $100 million investment from his entertainment company. Every detail of every structure invites discovery.
Deepen your worldview with Monitor Highlights.
Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads.
The attractions beckon Mimi Maynard, who runs a production company with Ms. Gallo and a third partner. She says she wishes she could climb aboard.
“It’s magical,” she says.

Already a subscriber?  Log in

Monitor journalism changes lives because we open that too-small box that most people think they live in. We believe news can and should expand a sense of identity and possibility beyond narrow conventional expectations.
Our work isn't possible without your support.
Already a subscriber? Login

Already a subscriber?  Log in

Link copied.
Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads.
Follow us: