Source: 97.9 The Box / J. Bachelor
From starring on hit television series to producing #1 albums with the biggest artist in music, actor and Grammy nominated singer/songwriter Leon Thomas has become one of the most watched multi-hyphenate talents in the entertainment industry today.
In recent years Leon has worked with artists like Ariana Grande, Snoh Aalegra, Kodak Black, and more. In 2021 Leon found himself contributing his production skills to one of the most important albums in the last ten years, Drake’s globally chart-topping album Certified Lover Boy. With writing and production credits that included “Pipe Down,” “Love All” featuring Jay-Z, and “In the Bible” featuring Lil Durk and Givēon, Leon’s unique sound and writing wizardry can now be found up and down the Billboard charts.
 


					Related Stories
				





Ne-Yo Opens Up On His Polyamorous Lifestyle & Navagating Life On Tour






TDE Rapper Jay Rock Arrested For Firearm Possession






Singer/Songwriter Angie Stone Passes Away at 63






“It’s been an amazing collaborative process working with a lot of my co-producers and people I’ve been building with for years on just a huge win like this,” says Leon about his role on an album. “Seeing him take nine slots out of the top 10 was historical, and to be a part of that is a blessing.”
He recently stopped by The Box studios and caught up with A G & A Pimp to talk about his Grammy win, new album plus so much more.
Check out the full interview below.

									Former Turkey Leg Hut Owner Charged in Bar 5015 Fire								

									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Shares He Is “Electing To Step Aside From ESPN Duties” Amid Sexual Assault Lawsuit								

									[VIDEO] Tina Knowles Opens Up About Breast Cancer Diagnosis								

									Show Mom She Means The World! Enter The Big Mama Brunch Giveaway								

									Beyonce & Jay-Z Sex Tape On Yacht Leaked {NSFW}								

									Win $250 and Tickets to the 'We Them Ones' Comedy Tour May 2								

									Feelin' Lucky? Enter to Play 'Lucky Number Seven' and Win BIG!!								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.