The week after Christmas was relatively slow when it came to music consumption. For the Billboard 200 tracking week that ended on January 4, Taylor Swift's "1989 (Taylor's Version)" held on to the top spot with just 64,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. Read more about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
This was the sixth nonconsecutive week at number-one for "1989 (Taylor's Version)," but despite its modest number of album units, it was actually a pretty suspenseful battle for the top spot as Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" achieved nearly 64,000 album units and thus just barely missed spending its 17th nonconsecutive week at number-one. After that, Drake's "For All the Dogs" came in at number-three with 58,000 units, Nicki Minaj's "Pink Friday 2" landed at number-four with 57,000 units, and Swift's "Midnights" reached number-five with 46,000 units. So it was a pretty tightly bunched top five.
Michael Buble's "Christmas" is gone from the chart entirely, as are the rest of the chart's holiday albums. It's remarkable how fast listeners move on from festive tunes once the calendar hits December 26. But we'll undoubtedly see them return again in about 11 months.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, most of our game players correctly predicted that "1989 (Taylor's Version)" would be number-one and that it would rack up fewer than 100,000 album units. Nobody expected that "One Thing at a Time" would rebound to number-two, though. But our odds were right again about "For All the Dogs" at number-three. Fourth place was tougher as only three of us bet on "Pink Friday 2" in that position, while seven people correctly bet on "Midnights" in fifth. When all was said and done, one user, tommy, won our contest with four out of six correct predictions. How did you do?
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media