Lauren Medeck talks after No. 1 Papio South's sweep of rivals Papio on Tuesday night. 
Just two hours up I-29 from Omaha in Vermillion, South Dakota, a couple of former Titans were huge for the Coyotes in a 3-1 home win over Iowa State on Sept. 14 during the South Dakota Classic Sept. 13-15.
“I think (that) weekend was really successful for us,” Lauren Medeck said. “I think we really played well as a team. We played with a lot of joy, which was one of our things that we really wanted to focus on. And it was really fun to all come together and actually get to play a good team across the net and see the results in our favor. I think it was really good, and it helped our confidence.”
Medeck powered the South Dakota attack with 16 kills and added three blocks. For her week — which finished with 49 kills, 34 digs and nine total blocks — she was named the Summit League Offensive Peak Performer of the Week.
Medeck put in work over the summer as she transitioned to the college level.
South Dakota’s Lauren Medeck receives the volleyball during a match against Iowa State at the Sanford Coyote Sports Center in Vermillion, S.D. on Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024.
“We put a lot of work in over the summer to work on those connections with our setters,” she said. “And the coaches do a really good job of making sure that we communicate with our setters and figure out what works best for us. And it just helped me really improve my game a lot.”
Morgan Bode added eight kills and led the ’Yotes with five blocks in the win over the Cyclones.
Both have been valuable pieces of the Coyotes’ 7-2 start heading into Iowa’s Kwik Star Klassic on Thursday-Saturday.
Bode said encouragement from her teammates has been key for aiding in adjusting to the speed of college hitters.
South Dakota’s Morgan Bode (8) and teammates celebrate during a match against Montana State at the Sanford Coyote Sports Center in Vermillion, S.D. on Friday, Sept. 13, 2024.
“If I'm not able to get up on the block, I come in (to the huddle), I'm like, ‘Oh, my bad,’” Bode said. “And my teammates are like, ‘No, your job is a middle, you're doing it, you did your job, you're doing great.’ And my teammates really just give confidence in myself, and that just helps me perform so much higher.”
Their connection to each other from their four years at Papio South and time with Premier eased the transition with a sense of familiarity.
“We've been with each other for the past four years, like I know that she has my back,” Bode said. “We know what each other needs, in the moment, if we're struggling, or if we just need to cheer each other on. We know each other really well in that aspect, and being able to give each other what we need to be successful is just unmatched.”
South Dakota’s Lauren Medeck (4) and Morgan Bode (8) celebrate during a match against Iowa State at the Sanford Coyote Sports Center in Vermillion, S.D. on Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024.
“It's nice to have someone that you are comfortable around and that coming to college, that was one of the cool things about us going together and getting to play with her,” Medeck added. “It's just so natural, because we've been playing together for a very long time. So when we're in the front row together, it's fun because you already know her tendencies and the things that she does and what she likes and all that kind of stuff. 
“So it's really fun to get to play with someone for that long and get to see how things evolve into the next level.”
For the duo, that time together playing at a high level also developed them.
South Dakota’s Lauren Medeck (4) and Morgan Bode (8) go up for a block during a match against Iowa State at the Sanford Coyote Sports Center in Vermillion, S.D. on Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024.
“I think it's really helped adjust to the competition here, because here we also play at a high level every single day,” Medeck said. “So I wouldn't say I'm used to it, but I'm used to being pushed to a high level and pushed to my full potential every single day.”
“I think that the coaches at Papio South and Premier set us up for success coming into college because they didn’t go light on us, they weren’t like, ‘This is just high school,’” Bode added. “No, they really prepared us for college. They, especially, even our strength and conditioning coaches really, helped us to be prepared coming into college.”
Most coaches wouldn’t be able to put them in that advantageous position, Bode continued. And the play of former teammates has been inspiring.
“Katie Tarman and the coaches at Premier really just, with their coaching styles, put us in a great spot to transition into college and then with teammates, especially like Faith (Frame) and Regan Hickey and all of them, they still reach out to me,” Bode said. “So it's so comforting to know that I have friends across the country right now, and even though we're so far apart our friendship is still there. I just think it’s really, honestly, inspiring.”
Their former teammate — Rutgers sophomore Kenzie Dyrstad — was named a captain for the Scarlet Knights and has played in all 36 sets, totaling 104 digs and 26 assists.
The Coyotes played in Iowa’s Kwik Star Klassic Thursday through Saturday, winning matches over Drake and Saint Louis but losing to the Hawkeyes.
Medeck and Bode will also have a homecoming of sorts on Nov. 16 as they face UNO in Summit League play. Both expect and are excited to see their families, friends, coaches and former teammates in attendance
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Lauren Medeck talks after No. 1 Papio South's sweep of rivals Papio on Tuesday night. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.