Central Florida wide receiver Javon Baker (1) tries to get past Louisville defensive back Kenderick Duncan during the second half of an NCAA college football game, Friday, Sept. 9, 2022, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux)AP
Javon Baker comes to the Patriots with a chip on his shoulder. As it turns out, that’s nothing new for this fiery wide receiver.
On Saturday, the Patriots drafted Baker in the fourth round with pick 110. Although the receiver is excited to join forces with Drake Maye, he was upset that it took so long for an NFL team to draft him.
After being selected, Baker went on a profanity-laced tirade on Instagram Live.
“Took too (expletive) long. They gotta pay,” Baker said. “They gotta pay. They gotta pay. They gotta pay. You took too long. You took too (expletive) long.”
Soon after that, Baker met with the New England media where he was asked about the Instagram video and his mentality after feeling passed over in the NFL Draft.
“Mentality is just kill whoever is on the other side of me,” Baker said. “That’s really the Mamba mentality. That’s it.”
When asked about his ‘game,’ the wide receiver said that Patriots fans can expect fireworks and he plans on putting on a show inside Gillette Stadium.
“Just come to the home stadium and bring out popcorn. That’s all I can tell you all,” Baker said. “Bring your popcorn. I make people in wheelchairs stand up. Bring your popcorn.”
Baker started his collegiate career at Alabama. He spent two years in Tuscaloosa, playing as a reserve. He initially transferred to Kentucky but then switched to the University of Central Florida. There, he found instant success.
In 2022, he caught 56 passes for 796 yards and five touchdowns. Last year, he earned First Team All-Big 12 honors after catching 52 passes for 1,139 yards and seven touchdowns.
Now, he’ll come to the Patriots with extra motivation and aims to prove teams wrong for letting him slip to the fourth round.
“Honestly, there’s going to always be a chip on my shoulder no matter what,” Baker said. “I’m self-driven. I know how it feels to be behind somebody. I know how it feels to be at the bottom of the depth chart. I’m always going to have a chip on my shoulder, regardless.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices