Patriots de facto GM Eliot Wolf.(Nick O'Malley, MassLive)
Eliot Wolf has a new job title.
The Patriots made it official Saturday, elevating Wolf and giving him the title of executive vice president of player personnel.
Wolf, who is 42, spent the last two seasons as director of scouting, after originally joining the Patriots as a scouting consultant in 2020.
In the release put out by the team, Patriots owner Robert Kraft spoke about the decision to promote Wolf, who is a veteran of 20 NFL seasons with the Green Bay Packers (2004-17), Cleveland Browns (2018-19) and Patriots (2020-23).
“As I have stated multiple times during the offseason, the plan was to observe the working relationship and involvement between Eliot and Jerod and see how they managed our offseason personnel decisions,” Kraft said. “Then, following the draft we would formally undertake a process for setting up the permanent structure of our personnel department. I have been impressed with Eliot’s management style and experience and I’m excited that he has agreed to take on this new position.”
According to the release, Wolf’s responsibilities will include the overall direction of the personnel department, the management of the salary cap and control of the 53-man roster.
It’s a role he has essentially carried out since the team and Bill Belichick parted ways in January.
Wolf was the point man with final say on the 2024 NFL Draft which saw him select quarterback Drake Maye with the third overall pick. He was also in charge through free agency.
So getting the new title doesn’t come as a surprise.
“It is an honor to accept this position with the New England Patriots,” Wolf said in a release put out by the team. “I am grateful to the Kraft family for this opportunity and want to thank my family, especially my wife and children, for the support and strength they have given me as I move forward in my new role. I also want to thank all of the people I have worked with and learned from over the years.”
Following the draft, the Patriots conducted interviews for the job. They met with both former Carolina Panthers executive Samir Suleiman and Eagles director of scouting Brandon Hunt on Monday to essentially be in compliance with the Rooney Rule.
Wolf is the son of former Green Bay Packers general manager and 2015 Pro Football Hall of Fame inductee Ron Wolf.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices