The 2024 NFL Draft will likely feature an early run on quarterbacks, kicked off by the Chicago Bears selecting Caleb Williams. The Green Bay Packers may have to prepare for another rookie quarterback this season.
Along with the Bears making a change, the Minnesota Vikings are also searching for their franchise quarterback after moving on from Kirk Cousins in free agency.
Unlike Chicago, however, Minnesota likely needs to trade into a better position to have a shot at one of the premier prospects in this year's class. The Vikings own the Nos. 11 and 23 selections in Round 1, which they could package to trade up for a quarterback.
From a Packers' perspective, the hope is that the Vikings are forced to reach for the fourth or fifth option on their board and can't trade up far enough to land Jayden Daniels or Drake Maye.
However, a former Packers executive may be about to hand the Vikings the move they need.
Eliot Wolf was one of the leading candidates to replace Ted Thompson as the Packers' general manager in 2018. Green Bay went with Brian Gutekunst, and Wolf has since taken "The Packer Way," a philosophy his father Ron Wolf helped build, to the New England Patriots.
New England needs a quarterback but could surprisingly trade away the No. 3 overall pick, per The Athletic's Dianna Russini. And it could play directly into the Vikings' hands.
The New England Patriots are listening and taking calls from teams looking to move into 3.While Eliot Wolf is running point, I’m told Patriots’ President Jonathan Kraft is heavily involved in the decision making.
ESPN's Adam Schefter told The Pat McAfee Show that the Vikings and New York Giants have shown the most interest in moving up.
As Russini notes, Wolf isn't the only one involved in the Patriots' decision-making, but a trade with the Vikings would significantly impact his former team. It could allow Minnesota to land one of the top quarterback prospects, most likely Daniels or Maye, depending on who is available.
It would be a worst-case scenario for the Packers, although it would be fascinating for the NFC North to add two more first-round quarterbacks to the mix.
There are no guarantees in the draft. Even if Minnesota trades up, it has to make the right choice, and you only have to rewind to the 2021 draft to see how badly quarterback decisions can turn out. But if the Vikings move up and land a future star at QB, the Packers could have Wolf's Patriots to thank for it.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.