e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Please submit obituaries to obits@allaroundphilly.com and attach the name of the person paying for the obituary, his or her home address and a phone number. The obits team will call you with a price once it has been entered into the system. The deadline is Tuesday by Noon for that week’s paper. If you have general questions call 610-235-2687.

e-Edition
The sophomore outside hitter has led the Gators to the championship finals of the Independent Volleyball League and its highest-ever seeding (No. 5) in the PAISAA tournament. Saidi is the Gators’ best passer with the team’s highest serve receive rating, and is Shipley’s best attacker, leading the team with 131 kills and a 0.302 hitting percentage. Saidi also plays for the Synergy Volleyball Club. Her extracurricular activities at Shipley include varsity softball, SCOPE Club, Simon’s Heart Club and Service and Global Committee.
Q: What aspect of your game did you work on most during the past off-season?
A: During the off-season, I focused on improving my hitting technique and overall consistency. With the guidance of Coach Marta (Johnson) and my club coach, Gavin (Peters), I worked on my timing, my approach, and my overall speed. I also put in extra effort in serve receive because I knew I could help my team more in that area. It’s been great to see the hard work pay off this season!
Q: What sparked your original interest in volleyball? Have you always been primarily an outside hitter?
A: I initially started as a cheerleader but eventually decided to quit. Shortly after, my mom mentioned how my sister used to play volleyball, so I decided to give it a try. During my first year, I began as a middle hitter, but once my coaches noticed my strong passing skills, they moved me to outside hitter, and I’ve been playing that position ever since.
Q: Who have been your biggest volleyball mentors, and what was the most important thing you learned from each of them?
A: My biggest volleyball mentors have been Coach Gavin, Coach Missy (Kleespies), and Coach Marta. Coach Gavin pushes me to work very hard while also helping me develop my work ethic. Coach Missy focuses on my technique, ensuring I improve and perform at my best. Coach Marta works with me on my hitting accuracy, which has been crucial for my development as a player. All three coaches have been incredibly encouraging and have always believed in me, which has motivated me to strive for excellence.
Q: You wear uniform jersey No. 5 for Shipley volleyball — is there a reason you chose that number, does it have any significance to you?
A: I wear No. 5 because I consider it to be my lucky number and for every other sport I’ve played, I’ve worn No. 5.
Q: What do you think has been the highlight of the season thus far?
A: The biggest highlight of this season so far has to be beating Springside Chestnut Hill, one of the best teams in our league, 3-2, on Sept. 23. It truly boosted our team’s confidence and proved that we can compete against stronger teams.
Q: Tell us a little about your pre-game preparation on the day of a game.
A: On the day of a game, I usually eat a good breakfast and drink lots of water to stay hydrated. The night before, I try to get a good night’s sleep so I will have enough energy for the game the next day.
Q: What is your favorite academic course at Shipley? What do you plan to major in at college? Is there a particular career field that interests you at present?
A: My favorite academic course at Shipley would be English because I am very passionate about writing, and I also enjoy reading. In college, I plan to major in a field that will prepare me for law school, as I am interested in becoming a lawyer. The idea of using my skills to advocate for others speaks to me.
Fun facts – Sophie Saidi
Favorite TV show: Young Sheldon.
Favorite movie: Just Go With It.
Favorite athlete: Adonia Faumuina.
Favorite pre-game pump-up song: Spin Bout U by Drake.
Favorite team: 76ers.
Favorite place to visit: Italy.
Favorite pre-game meal: “An acai bowl with only granola and banana.”
Family members: Parents Sonia and Adel, brother Nassim, sister Sarah, younger brother Zak and dog Dash.
(To be selected as the Main Line Girls Athlete of the Week, a student-athlete must first be nominated by her coach.)
To view a gallery of the previous Main Line Girls Athletes of the Week click here
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group