Manage your account
The Government has quietly abandoned safeguards that would prevent activist councils from renaming streets over the heads of local residents. Local councils will now be free to rewrite history by changing the name of any street that they deem offensive – perhaps because it can be linked to the British Empire or the transatlantic slave trade, or maybe simply because its namesake had a contested historical record.
The wake of the summer riots of 2020 saw too many councils seeking to push a one-sided view of history by changing street and road signs. In just one year, nine local councils attempted to erase Britain’s heritage – seeking alterations to names like Gladstone Road, Nelson’s Row, and Clive Way. This is why the previous Government took on board Policy Exchange’s recommendation that all councils should be required to hold a referendum, and get support from two thirds of residents, before they are permitted to change a street name.
The world’s best kept secrets are in Hansard. Despite the new legislation being announced in 2022, the secondary legislation needed to implement the street vote mechanism was not passed before the General Election. Now, in response to a question from Nick Timothy MP, the Government have confirmed that they are binning these changes, robbing the public of the chance to prevent street renaming. In practice, this means that the new Government has neutered policy which Parliament has already legislated for, without so much as an announcement from the Secretary of State.
What led Labour to take this decision? With whom did they consult before concluding that local authorities don’t need guidance on when it is appropriate to alter a street name? As Policy Exchange’s History Matters Compendium demonstrates, we are still a long way from “peak woke”.
Activists continue to attempt to “decolonise” our public spaces, our universities, and our museums, all without regard for the views of the general public. Plymouth City Council has been attempting to change the name of Sir John Hawkins Square to “Justice Square” since 2020 but they have never held a referendum of residents to see if there is genuine support for such a decision, now they will never need to.
There remains a clear appetite from campaigners seeking to denigrate Britain’s history. The devolved Welsh Government have already conducted an audit of 440 potentially offensive street names. They have declared roads like “Churchill Close” to be “in doubt” while “Drake Close” is condemned due to Francis Drake’s “definite personal culpability”.
In her first speech as Culture Secretary, Lisa Nandy pledged that the “era of the culture wars is over”. And yet, the policies of this Government are giving strength to divisive, radical campaigners. While keeping their own hands superficially clean, Labour are empowering activists and enabling them to ignore opinions held by the majority.
As we have seen from the recent election of Trump in the US, voters will judge a Left-leaning government by the behaviour of their outriders. If councils across the country decide to erase local heritage by renaming streets, this will be understood as a reflection on the Government.
Where does this leave councils? The Levelling Up and Regeneration Act 2023 requires that local authorities secure “necessary support” before amending a street name. There is no provision for what this looks like, leaving activist councils free to ignore the public, and leaving moderate local authorities vulnerable to pressure from targeted campaigns. It is possible that the lack of clarity on what is meant by “necessary support” could leave councils open to Judicial Review on the basis of their decisions about street names.
The ideal would be for the Government to pass the regulations consulted upon before the election. But if Labour won’t pass legislation to protect Britain’s history, then it is up to councillors to hold the line. 75 per cent of people believe that local residents should be given a vote on whether a street name is changed. Even if the regulations don’t require it, there is nothing to stop a council from holding a referendum on a street name. Elected councillors must ensure that, in the absence of good law, residents are not ignored at the expense of activists.
A minority of radical campaigners cannot be allowed to re-write history. Over the past decade, we have witnessed a long march of ideology through the institutions. Activists have been allowed to erode safeguards that protect history and ensure the views of the public are represented. In dropping this legislation, the Government have opened another door for them to walk through.
Lara Brown is a Senior Research Fellow, Culture and Identity, at Policy Exchange
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 3 months with unlimited access to our award-winning website, exclusive app, money-saving offers and more.