Source: Astrida Valigorsky / Getty
Lil Baby recently opened up about a jaw-dropping moment that led him to quit gambling for good.
Speaking on Lil Yachty‘s A Safe Place Podcast, the 29-year-old artist revealed that he lost a staggering $8 million in a single gambling spree, lasting roughly 40 hours.
The overwhelming loss pushed him to take drastic measures to break his gambling habit.
“One day, probably [in] like 40 hours straight, I lost like $8 million, $9 million,” Lil Baby admitted. “I made myself stop gambling.”
The magnitude of the loss even prompted his friend, Fanatics CEO Michael Rubin, to step in.
Rubin wrote letters on Lil Baby’s behalf to casinos, asking them to ban the rapper from their establishments.
This isn’t the first time Lil Baby has caught attention for his high-stakes gambling.
Back in 2022, he admitted to losing $600,000 in one night while gambling with Drake in the Bahamas, further cementing his history with risky bets.
RELATED | Dr.Baby: Lil Baby Bagged a Nurse Baddie?! Meet Kiya K [Photos]
However, this recent incident appears to have been the tipping point, motivating him to regain control of his lifestyle.
Despite the financial blow, Lil Baby remains focused on his music career.
He’s gearing up to release his highly anticipated fourth album, WHAM (Who Hard as Me), on January 3, 2025.
 


					Related Stories
				





Lil Yachty Calls Black Lives Matter Foundation A “Scam”






 

Maryland lawmakers will weigh legalizing internet gambling. How would it work?






Internet Reacts to Lil Baby and Future’s NYC Music Video Shoot Featuring an Unexpected Guest






With this new phase, it seems the rapper is determined to turn the page and focus firmly on his craft.
His revelation serves as a stark reminder that even amid fame and fortune, self-discipline and boundaries are key to long-term success.


Lil Baby Lost $8M Gambling, Had To Stop Himself 
						was originally published on
						hot1009.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cicada Surge: Maryland Set to Welcome Trillions of Cicadas in 2025								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.