In 2026, the only flight you'll have to take to visit 39 countries in less than half a year is the one from your home to Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The catch? From there, you can travel around the world on a 25-year-old ship.
If the concept sounds familiar, it's probably because you're thinking of Royal Caribbean's nine-month Ultimate World Cruise, one of TikTok's first obsessions in 2024.
Royal Caribbean's around-the-world sailing isn't a one-off. Quite the opposite: It's part of a growing interest in longer cruises.
And companies like Holland America have taken note of this shift. To satisfy travelers' appetite for extended sailings, the cruise line released a slate of itineraries ranging from 25 to 59 days long this time last year. Most are set to sail roundtrip, to, or from North America.
Holland America says its 1,432-guest Volendam ship will set sail in January 2026 on an "east-to-west route" from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to 47 ports in 39 countries on all seven continents.
Volendam is scheduled to spend four days around Antarctica. Good luck on the infamous Drake Passage.
The icy destination isn't common on most around-the-world itineraries. But the cruise line seems partial to it: Holland America's 133-day "pole-to-pole" cruise, sailing to Antarctica and the Arctic Circle, is scheduled for January 2025.
Then, it will set sail to Southeast and South Asia, the Maldives, and Egypt before its final few stops around northern Europe.
With the exception of two ports in Egypt, the Middle East and Africa have been largely left off the 132-day plan.
It's a long itinerary for a compact ship: The 781-foot-long Volendam is one of Holland America's smallest and oldest vessels.
Compared to this older counterpart, Holland America's newest ship, the Rotterdam, is almost 200 feet longer and can accommodate 1,236 more guests. However, the cruise line tapped a ship of Volendam's  size to give guests a more "intimate experience."
But the Volendam is still significantly smaller than Royal Caribbean's Ultimate World Cruise vessel of choice: The 965-foot-long, 2,476-guest Serenade of the Seas.
And unlike Royal Caribbean's new mega-ships, the Volendam has no waterslides or wild rides. Instead, the 10-deck vessel features six restaurants (including a café), five bars, two pools, and activities like pickleball courts.
Ultra-luxury Regent Seven Seas and Silversea's ongoing 4 ½-month  world cruises each include at least 65 ports.
Guests will have more time to spend at the scheduled ports by sacrificing additional destinations, Gus Antorcha, Holland America's president, said in a news release. (The ship is scheduled for overnights at nine popular destinations, including Bali, Indonesia, and Papeete, Tahiti.)
A spokesperson for Holland America told Business Insider that details about the itinerary's fares aren't available yet.
Jump to