ByMike Stubbs
ByMike Stubbs,
 Contributor. 
Action games always look great. 
Action games arguably make up the majority of the video game medium, with most games having some kind of action within them. The virtual world makes it easy to experience dangerous action scenarios with no real world risk, and they are usually quite entertaining, making them perfect for the medium. Action games come in many shapes and sizes, with many of the greatest games of all time falling into the third person action or action role playing game (RPG) genres. But as one of the most popular genres out there, there are a lot of action video games to sort through. Fortunately, I have done the work for you, with this helpful list of the best action games.
Action games is a catch-all term, with a lot of sub-genres sitting underneath it. The most common are action adventures, or third person action games, and then there’s the confusing distinction of action RPGs, which are technically Diablo-likes, but the term has morphed to include any action game with RPG elements in recent years.
This list features a solid mix of different types of action games, but mainly highlights those that are more focused on action rather than anything else such as strategy or shooting. We’re going with the wider definition of ARPGs, referring to action games that have RPG elements rather than the Diablo-style games we covered in another list. To be included, these games must have had great critical and fan reception and had a lasting impact on the industry.
If over the top action is your thing, then this 2013 gem from PlatinumGames is the one for you. Forget what you know about Metal Gear, this is an all out action game that sees you slashing up giant mechs and enemies with your massive sword in slow motion. It’s on PC, 360 and PS3.
More horror than a true action game, the 2024 remake of the 2005 classic moved Resident Evil 4 more towards action and it’s all the better for it. Capcom’s Resi remakes have all been great but this is the best action offering, and perfect for zombie horror fans. It’s on PS4, PS5, PC, Xbox Series X/S and iOS.
FEATURED | Frase ByForbes™
Unscramble The Anagram To Reveal The Phrase
Pinpoint By Linkedin
Guess The Category
Queens By Linkedin
Crown Each Region
Crossclimb By Linkedin
Unlock A Trivia Ladder
Naughty Dog’s iconic action series sees you travel the globe as Nathan Drake looking for ancient artefacts and exploring incredible locations. This collection from 2015 includes the first three games, giving you hours of exploration and shooting to get through, although all the games are great standalone options. The collection is on PS4.
If you want a gripping spooky story that has some solid action alongside it, then Alan Wake 2 is for you. The less you know about the story going in, the better; just know that Remedy has crafted a gripping world to explore. It released in 2023 on PS5, PC and Xbox Series X/S.
There are multiple collections of all thee Batman games from Rocksteady in a single package depending on your platform, so consider this a recommendation for whichever collection of the three main games (Asylum, City and Knight) that you can get on your platform of choice.
These are the best Batman games ever made and running around as Batman is never going to be a bad premise for a game. With each having a very unique identity: Asylum being a claustrophobic almost metroidvania style game, City expanding that to an open world setting and Knight adding the Batmobile, you might not click with one, but try them all before giving up because these are fantastic action games with some of the best hand-to-hand combat ever. Batman fans will obviously love them, but anyone looking for a fun action game with excellent melee combat will love these. Collections of all three games are on PC, Switch, PS4, Xbox Series X/S and some older hardware.
Becoming an assassin and running around a massive open world is, unsurprisingly, fun. This epic action game from Ubisoft that was released in 2018 gives you a ton of freedom in what is essentially an action RPG set in Ancient Greece, making it great for history buffs. It’s on PS4, Xbox One, PC and Switch.
In a post-apocalyptic world, giant robot dinosaurs roam the land and you get to run around and take them down. There’s an emotional story attached to this giant open world action RPG from Guerrilla that released in 2017, and fights against the big creatures are unlike anything else. It’s on PS4, PS5 and PC.
Naughty Dog returns, this time with a tense story driven experience that is a little lighter on action than others, but still has some epic action moments combined with stealth and exploration. Released in 2020 on the PS4 and PS5 The Last Of Us Part 2 is one for people who loved the first game or the TV show.
Hades from Supergiant Games is the most satisfying game to play on this list. It has rapid and impactful isometric combat, a gorgeous art style and endless replayability. The Greek fiction also makes it one for history buffs. It released in 2020 on PC, Switch, PS4, PS5, iOS, Xbox One and Series X/S.
Being Spider-Man is always going to be fun, and Insomniac’s 2023 sequel is the perfect web-slinging game. You do Spider-Man things, like flying round the city—beating up bad guys and saving the day—in another very satisfying to play title that nailed the open world superhero game. It’s currently a PS5 exclusive.
Rockstar’s 2018 cowboy epic Red Dead Redemption 2 is phenomenal, allowing you to live out your wild west fantasies in one of the best open worlds ever. With a gripping story, some great characters and a lot to do, it will keep you entertained for hours, and is one everyone should play. It’s on PC, PS4 and Xbox One.
If you want all out action all the time, then this is for you, as God Of War offers a non-stop action thriller where you constantly fight seemingly impossible battles. With Santa Monica Studio improving the original formula, this 2022 sequel is one of the best action games ever. It’s on PS4, PS5 and PC.
A rare Nintendo appearance, this 2023 action RPG is arguably the Switch’s greatest game, giving you a massive open world adventure to go on. This is a more family friendly action game, making it great for kids, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t intense at times, with boss fights offering great action sequences.
A brutally hard action RPG, FromSoftware’s 2022 title has incredible combat. It’s weighty and difficult to master, but incredibly satisfying, and there are many styles you can choose. It’s purposely hard, but very rewarding, so only one for those with patience. It’s on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Series X/S.
At 11 years old, Rockstar’s GTAV still holds the top spot as no other game comes close to it. From causing your own chaos in the open world to following the solid story, there’s a lot to do and experience, as well as the online modes that offer thousands of hours of play.
With the sequel round the corner it’s time is coming to an end, but running around Los Santos and causing complete chaos, or just chilling in the entertaining world, is still a unique experience no other game has ever matched. It’s quite literally the ultimate video game, and one that any over-18-players should experience. It’s on PS3, PS4, PS5, PC, Xbox 360, One and Series X/S.
Bottom Line
Action games can be hit or miss, because if all the action is exactly the same, it gets boring quickly. But these games offer enough variety to keep you going for hours at a time. These are the best of the best, and will satisfy your need for action for years to come.