By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:01, 14 December 2024   |  Updated:  00:13, 15 December 2024   
 103
View  comments
Billie Eilish was struck by a bracelet that a fan threw on stage during the Glendale, Arizona stop of her Hit Me Hard and Soft tour.
The Ocean Eyes singer, 22, was sitting cross-legged at the very front of the stage when the piece of jewelry came flying at her.
Although she was momentarily stunned, the superstar continued singing her track song, What Was I Made For?, like a true professional as she glared in the direction the accessory came from, before throwing it back into the audience.
As the crowd watched her get hit by the bracelet, many booed and expressed their outrage for Eilish, who has previously said getting objects thrown at her was 'infuriating.'
While speaking about the trend of tossing items at performers on stage during an interview with THR in 2023, the Grammy winner reminded fans 'it can be dangerous.' 
 'I’ve been getting hit onstage with things for like, literally, six years,' she said.
She and her brother, Finneas, noted that phones are the most common item chucked at them as fans want them to take photos and selfies on them. 
Billie Eilish was struck by a bracelet that a fan threw on stage during the Glendale, Arizona stop of her Hit Me Hard and Soft tour; seen in August 2024
'It’s absolutely infuriating when you’re up there,' Eilish stressed. 'I have mixed feelings about it, because when you’re up there it blows... But you know it’s out of love, and they’re just trying to give you something.'
They proceeded to warn fans not to throw things at them or any other artist. 
'Don’t throw things onstage, but we love you; it’s very sweet,' Eilish concluded of the subject. 
Fans reacted with outrage after footage of the incident went viral on X (formerly Twitter). 
One expressed, 'And she threw it away as she should. When will y'all learn to stop throwing stuff at celebs…'
Another wrote, 'Bro why? See Like that's why us fans can't have anything nice,' while someone else quipped, 'when will yall learn that throwing things at artists is unacceptable…'
'This style of intimate performances will be going away soon. Artists will be performing behind mesh screens like we're watching them through a microwave door,' a fan predicted.
The comments continued in this manner with one fan writing, 'This is so disrespectful! Fans should be showing love, not throwing things.'
An audience member threw an object at Billie Eilish during a recent performance of ‘What Was I Made For?’ pic.twitter.com/SkNTKkYEjK
She was momentarily stunned but picked her song right back up like a true professional as she glared in the direction the jewelry came from. Seen here on September 29, 2024
Harry Styles, Pink and Lil Nas X are just a few of the performers who have been hit by items fans have thrown on stage.
The disturbing trend started in June 2023 when Bebe Rexha was hit by phone which cut her brow bone and needed stitches during a show in New York.
The same week that Rexha was injured, Pink and Ava Max were also hit with objects. Not long after someone threw a bracelet at Kelsea Ballerini that hit her in the eye while she performed.
It wasn't long before the trend also affected male performers including Styles, Lil Nas X and Drake.
Adele spoke out about the bad behavior during the first week of her Las Vegas residency in June 2023.
Harry Styles was hit in the eye with a candy a fan threw at him during a concert in Los Angeles
Adele told her fans she'd 'f***ing kill them' if they dared to throw something at her during her Las Vegas residency. Seen here on November 23, 2024
Kelsea Ballerini was hit squarely in the eye on July 5, 2023 while performing in Idaho. Seen here on November 20, 2024
'Have you noticed how people are forgetting f**king show etiquette at the moment?
'People are throwing sh*t on stage. Have you seen that? I f**king dare you – I dare you to throw something at me. I'll f**king kill you,' she passionately said.
Billie's Hit Me Hard and Soft tour next stops in her hometown of Los Angeles for five shows at the Kia Forum.
Last month, during her Nashville, Tennessee concert, the Birds of a Feather singer got emotional over a lyric in her song TV.
She sang the lyric, 'The internet's gone wild watching movie stars on trial while they're overturning Roe v. Wade.'
And then she slowly backed away from the microphone and ended the song early.
The show took place on the same day the U.S. Presidential election saw Donald Trump beat Kamala Harris. 
Billie, who was vocal in her support for Harris, took to her Instagram Stories before her show and declared 'it's a war on women.'
This is just the latest in a string of bad fan behavior of throwing things at the performer. Several artists have been injured this way. Seen here on September 24, 2024
Lil Nas X was also the victim of bad fan behavior. Seen here on November 14, 2024
She addressed the audience that night, saying, 'Waking up this morning, I kinda couldn't fathom doing a show on this day,' The Tennesseean reported.
'But the longer the day went on, I kinda had this feeling of it's such a privilege I get to do this with you guys and that we have this in a time that, ...' Eilish said. 
'I just love you so much and I want you to know that you're safe with me and you're protected here and you're safe in this room.
'And the song that we're about to do is a song that my brother Finneas and I wrote,' Eilish continued, introducing her 2021 song Your Power.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group