It's already been an offseason of massive change for the Atlanta Falcons. However, ESPN reporter Michael Rothstein believes the upheaval will continue at the quarterback position, where he predicts the franchise will be active on the free-agent market and in April's NFL Draft. 
First things first, the Falcons need a starter for 2024. In that regard, Rothstein sees Russell Wilson as a possible fit. Wilson still has five seasons remaining on a $242 million contract, but many believe the Denver Broncos will cut him in March. 
"The Falcons learned this season what below-average quarterback play can do to a franchise's playoff hopes," Rothstein said. "Owner Arthur Blank and CEO Rich McKay made it clear the plan is to win with this roster, and Wilson is the best option out there and has the most experience." 
Rothstein imagines a front-loaded three-year deal worth $36 million plus incentives for Wilson. Since he's still under contract with the Broncos, what he might ask for on the open market is uncertain. However, this offer seems fair and the thought of working alongside a young nucleus of running back Bijan Robinson, wideout Drake London and tight end Kyle Pitts might be enticing enough. 
It's arguable whether Wilson is the ideal QB for the Falcons. At 35, he still has something left in the tank, but what he brings might not be what everyone wants. Former All-Pro Chad Brown recently said Wilson goes "schoolyard" too much, which could slow the progress of an inexperienced offense. 
Meanwhile, after inking Wilson, Rothstein believes the Falcons will draft a potential future franchise QB, grabbing Oregon's Bo Nix in the third round. 
"With Wilson signed as the locked-in starter for anywhere from one to three seasons, Nix can be developed," Rothstein said.
According to Yardbarker's Pierce Downey, Nix's draft stock might be on a downward trend following a poor showing at this year's Senior Bowl practices. He's missed routine throws and looked "physically and mentally sluggish" compared to the other QBs on the field, which could have teams, including the Falcons, thinking twice about selecting him. 
Whatever direction the Falcons decide to go at QB under new head coach Raheem Morris, the offense will take direction from offensive coordinator Zac Robinson, who the franchise officially brought aboard on Jan. 27. 
Robinson is inexperienced, having only coached in the NFL for three seasons, most recently serving as passing game coordinator and quarterbacks coach for the Los Angeles Rams. However, he comes highly recommended from the Sean McVay coaching tree, known for his work with QBs. 
Giving Robinson a veteran like Wilson to lean on while Nix, or someone else, waits in the wings seems like a solid plan of attack for the Falcons. Whether or not Wilson is enough of an upgrade to get the team back into the postseason for the first time since 2017 is up for debate. Though, clearly, change is coming at QB for the Falcons.
Mike Santa Barbara is a Wilmington, Delaware native (Yes, it's a real place) with over a decade of sports writing experience.  A diehard Philadelphia sports fan, he has two dogs named after Flyers and cried real tears when the Eagles won Super Bowl LII.  You can follow him on Twitter at @mike__sb
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!