Digital Content Producer
The other "TC" at NESN. Hofstra Alum. The history buff of random baseball players of the 2010s.
Four Internal Red Sox First Base Options After Triston Casas Injury
Red Sox Notes: Boston Shows Improved Offensive Identity
Red Sox's Triston Casas Carted Off Field With Leg Injury
Alex Cora Explains Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Decision From Red Sox Loss
Drake Maye played decent enough Sunday afternoon with the little opportunity he had in a double-digit loss for the Patriots to the Arizona Cardinals.
Maye finished the day with 202 passing yards, a passing touchdown and a rushing touchdown when he took matters into his own hands in the second half. That’s decent given the fact that offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt refused to let Maye take multiple shots down the field and kept the passing game around the line of scrimmage throughout the day.
Maye clearly showed he’s ready for a more aggressive approach with the Patriots moving forward. 
“Yeah we wanted to get the ball out,” Maye said, per team-provided video. “Get the guys in our hands and make them tackle us.  It was our big game plan. I think it’s also tough for AVP because we really didn’t get in a rhythm. It’s easier when you get in a rhythm to call some deeper stuff and kind of get that going.”
The Patriots quarterback also shared his appreciation for scenarios when New England gets to run the offense with tempo in hurry-up situations to get the defense on its heels.
Story continues below advertisement
“Just going tempo,” Maye said. “They can’t get in their stuff. They’re playing simple stuff, they have to because they have to get the call in fast. I think we practice that all the time in practice. … (Van Pelt) likes us in tempo. I think it’s just finding the right time for it. I think our guys do a nice job. It’s a testament to what they do in practice.” 
Jerod Mayo also voiced frustrations about not seeing Maye get the chance to try a quarterback sneak in a short-yardage failure that led to Arizona taking over on downs. Maye knows he’s more than ready to convert when the Patriots call his number.
“That’s a good point,” Maye shared in response to that approach. “I was a good quarterback sneaker in college. I’m a big dude. I’m heavier than people think. I think there’s a conversation for that. I think it’s tough to stop a 6-(foot)-5 dude for one yard.” 
Maye and the Patriots go back to work in Week 16 on the road against the AFC East rival Buffalo Bills. 
Story continues below advertisement
Digital Content Producer
The other "TC" at NESN. Hofstra Alum. The history buff of random baseball players of the 2010s.
Featured image via Mark J. Rebilas/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network