While the rising NFL Draft stock of Michigan Wolverines quarterback J.J. McCarthy seems to be legitimate, some may want to pump the brakes regarding the Washington Commanders possibly spending the second choice of this year's player-selection process on McCarthy rather than on LSU Tigers signal-caller Jayden Daniels. 
"I know we’re not supposed to spoil picks, and we’ll see how the Commanders decide to move forward with the No. 2 overall selection," ESPN NFL insider Adam Schefter said on the latest episode of his podcast, as shared by Adam London of NESN. "...I think the signs continue to point to Jayden Daniels being the second overall pick. Seems like he’s popular in the scouting community, seems like he’d bring a lot of the attributes that the Commanders would like."
With the Chicago Bears expected to make USC Trojans quarterback Caleb Williams the draft's first pick on April 25, the Commanders had routinely been linked in stories with Daniels. 
However, draft expert Daniel Jeremiah of NFL Network raised eyebrows when he reported last week that "executives for other teams who know" Commanders general manager Adam Peters believe Peters could go with McCarthy instead of Daniels. 
During a recent appearance on the "Eye On Foxborough" podcast, NFL insider Jeff Howe of The Athletic suggested there's a real chance the Commanders could surprise some by making McCarthy the draft's second selection. 
In such a scenario, the New England Patriots could spend the third pick on either Daniels or North Carolina Tar Heels quarterback Drake Maye. 
"I think Jayden Daniels is going to be someone who really appeals to them," Schefter added about the Commanders. "It’s hard for me today — today — to see Jayden Daniels sliding much past pick No. 2. ...I think that’s how it’s stacking up a few weeks out."
Brian Kelly and Herm Edwards both coached Daniels in college, and both believe the quarterback "is probably going to go to Washington" on the final Thursday of April. 
Earlier this week, Albert Breer of Sports Illustrated noted that Daniels "checked all the boxes" during a pro day workout "to show the decision-makers in attendance that everything they saw on tape translated in a live setting." 
Breer also called Daniels "the presumptive favorite to be the No. 2 pick, behind Williams, with his combination of that natural throwing ability and freakish athleticism making him a little different than the other top guys in the class." 
Zac Wassink is a longtime sports news writer and PFWA member who began his career in 2006 and has had his work featured on Yardbarker, MSN, Yahoo Sports and Bleacher Report.  He is also a football and futbol aficionado who is probably yelling about Tottenham Hotspur at the moment and who chanted for Matt Harvey to start the ninth inning of Game 5 of the 2015 World Series at Citi Field.  You can find him on X at @ZacWassink
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!