If you’re a current subscriber, log in below. If you would like to subscribe, please click the subscribe tab above.
 Username  
 Password  
    Login 
 Lost your password? 
Please enter your email and we will send you a password reset link.
 Email  
 Submit 
← Back
Roports are for the period ending on February 12th.
A resident of County Road 281 near Liberty Church of Christ said that he was walking Feb. 6 to a deer stand on his property early in the morning when several deer ran past followed by a large white dog. The man said it growled at him. He shot the dog. When it started to run, he shot it again. Then since it was critically wounded, he put the dog down. He then saw that it had a collar, but with no information on it. The man disposed of the dog. Later that day, the dog’s male owner came to his house and threatened him. The dog’s female owner said she heard shots that morning and saw a man in the woods with a tractor, so she called for her dog. She said the man got on the tractor and took off. Later she went out to that area and found the blood and hair. Then she went to the man’s house and saw the blood in the bucket of the tractor.
A resident of County Road 105 in the Saxon’s Crossroads area reported on Feb. 9 that his neighbor had asked if he could hook an extension cord up to his meter box. He told the neighbor no, but when his power bill more than doubled, he discovered the neighbor had done it anyway.
A resident of County Road 82 reported on Feb. 9 that parts were taken off his truck.
More customers of a boat storage facility near the river bridge on County Road 82 were affected by a recent break-in. One reported their fuel line was cut, and gas and the remote to the trolling motor were taken. A second reported gas stolen. A third reported the theft of a Yeti cooler, a battery and gas.
A customer of Family Dollar in Woodland reported on Feb. 9 that they had their cell phone (with wallet attached) in their coat pocket and lost it somewhere in the store.
A citizen reported that they were the victim of a scam on Facebook. They responded to an ad about a van and sent $200 via Cash App to hold the van. On the way to pick up the van, the “owner” texted saying he had a flat tire in Atlanta and needed $200 more. That’s when they knew it was a scam and did not send any additional money.
The owner of a puppy (wearing a collar) in the Folsom area reported that someone in a green older model Nissan stopped, called the dog over and picked her up. After a post on social media by the owner, this dog is now safe at home.
A landlord reported that seven windows were broken out at his rental house on County Road 66 near Caver’s Grove.
D’s Guns of County Road 82, Wedowee, reported that two firearms shipped to Carrollton, Ga., via FedEx on Jan. 16 were never received and are now reported as stolen.
Someone jumped the fence at a storage building on County Road 82 near Foster’s Bridge Feb. 7. They cut the cover of a boat and stole the battery and trolling motor.
Raymond Michael Stinson, 35, of Newell was arrested and charged with first-degree receiving stolen property, third-degree burglary, first-degree theft and third-degree criminal mischief. This is in connection with the burglary of a workshop on County Road 484 in the Napoleon community, in which an air compressor and a generator were taken. The doors to the shop were damaged during the break-in. The vehicle used during the break-in was a white 2006 Dodge 1500 truck that was reported stolen from a work site by East Coast Traffic Supply of Carrollton, Ga.
Sheriff’s arrests
Roanoke arrests