Alabama defensive back Kool-Aid McKinstry (1) celebrates on the field during the second half of the Rose Bowl CFP NCAA semifinal college football game against Michigan Monday, Jan. 1, 2024, in Pasadena, Calif. (AP Photo/Kyusung Gong)AP
ALLEN PARK -- Brian Branch was a big-time hit in Detroit last season.
Could the Lions go back to Tuscaloosa to address their biggest need heading into next season?
The Lions need help at cornerback, and there should be plenty of good ones available late in the first round. In our first mock draft of the season, Detroit has a couple viable options.
1. Chicago Bears (via Panthers): USC QB Caleb Williams
Did you hear the big news this week? Justin Fields has unfollowed the Chicago Bears on Twitter or X or whatever we’re calling it these days. Welcome back, NFL offseason! Anyway, while the world waits to see what happens with the talented quarterback in Chicago, Chicago gets its next in a very, very long line of quarterback projects.
2. Washington Commanders: North Carolina QB Drake Maye
Because what’s the worst that could happen when you take a North Carolina quarterback with the No. 2 pick?
3. New England Patriots: LSU QB Jayden Daniels
The Jerod Mayo era kicks off with a monumental decision that could echo for years to come. Take Marvin Harrison Jr., the most can’t-miss prospect on the board? Or roll the dice on solving the quarterback issues that have dogged New England since Tom Brady took his talents to Tampa? Harrison might be the surest path back to respectability, but you can’t win championships without a quarterback, and Jayden Daniels was the most explosive quarterback in college football last season. He led the country with 103 explosive plays last year, 17 of which came on designed runs.
4. Arizona Cardinals: Ohio State WR Marvin Harrison Jr.
An early run on quarterbacks would be welcomed in Arizona, where the shine has come off Kyler Murray, but the contractual situation makes it difficult to move on. Instead, the Cardinals could opt to build around Murray with the best non-quarterback prospect in the draft.
5. Los Angeles Chargers: Notre Dame OT Joe Alt
Hiring Jim Harbaugh was about a lot of things, although it was about Justin Herbert as much as anything else. Herbert is a megawatt talent who is now 30-32 as a starter in the NFL. Awesome job, Brandon Staley. While Herbert needs help at the skill positions, Harbaugh is an old-school ball coach who knows that long-term competitiveness starts in the trenches. Pairing Rashawn Slater with a prospect like Alt would give Herbert the kind of bookend protection that Jared Goff has thrived with in Detroit.
6. New York Giants: LSU WR Malik Nabers
If you’re going to run it back with Daniel Jones, you damn well better get him some help. Nabers is a speed merchant who would inject some badly-needed life into a Giants offense that had the second-fewest passing yards in the league last season, and just 44 passing plays of 20 yards.
7. Tennessee Titans: Penn State OT Olu Fashanu
Andre Dillard opened last season at left tackle, was eventually benched in favor of sixth-round pick Jaelyn Duncan, and both players still managed to finish in the top four in sacks allowed last season. Will Levis’ family and loved ones beg the Titans to take someone who can play left tackle. Fashanu can certainly do that, allowing just one quarterback hit and no sacks in his career in Happy Valley.
8. Atlanta Falcons: Alabama EDGE Dallas Turner
Yes, they need a quarterback. But with the big three already off the board, the Falcons would be better served starting the Raheem Morris era by getting some pass rush help for that defense. Calais Campbell led the Falcons with 6.5 sacks last season, and the 37-year-old is eligible to hit free agency next month. As for Turner, he racked up more sacks (22.5), tackles for loss (32.5) and quarterback pressures (117) than everyone except former teammate Will Anderson over the last three seasons at Alabama.
9. Chicago Bears: Washington WR Rome Odunze
After adding Caleb Williams at 1.1, perhaps it makes sense for the Bears to turn their focus to the rest of their roster. But I’m a big believer in building strengths in the NFL, and adding one of the best receivers in America to an offense that already returns D.J. Moore, plus now has QB1 under center, would give the rest of the NFC North a lot to think about in the years ahead.
10. New York Jets: Oregon State OT Taliese Fuaga
After watching Aaron Rodgers blow out his Achilles just four snaps into his debut season, here’s betting New York invests in the health and well-being of the 40-year-old quarterback.
11. Minnesota Vikings: Michigan QB J.J. McCarthy
Minnesota has long-term quarterback issues to sort out, along with Denver and Las Vegas, who are lurking behind this pick. Feels like J.J. McCarthy could hear his name called by one of those teams, or someone moving up the board to grab him.
12. Denver Broncos: Texas iDL Byron Murphy II
After having to watch Russell Wilson for a season, expect Sean Payton to pursue an alternative at quarterback. Don’t be surprised to see Denver trade up if it doesn’t land a veteran in free agency. At this very early juncture, where I don’t project trades, Denver finds better value by taking iDL1 rather than QB4. Denver was atrocious against the run last year, while Murphy is an elite run stuffer who also had the highest QB pressure rate by an FBS defensive tackle last season (17.0%).
13. Las Vegas Raiders: Alabama CB Terrion Arnold
Good for Antonio Pierce landing the full-time job in Sin City. But with Patrick Mahomes and Justin Herbert in the same division for years to come, this thing has no shot of getting off the ground without better cornerback play. The good news is they can have their pick of a really good mix.
14. New Orleans Saints: Alabama OT J.C. Latham
The Saints have offensive line issues despite pouring blue-chip resources into the position over the years. Trevor Penning has been meh, while Ryan Ramczyk has a knee cartilage defect that could imperil his future.
15. Indianapolis Colts: Georgia TE Brock Bowers
If Bowers is still available this deep into the draft, Indianapolis is running this pick to the podium. He’s the top tight end prospect in the draft, a top-10 talent overall, and could be one of the stars of the combine next week. But all the early posturing for quarterbacks and offensive linemen could push Bowers down the board -- and right into the lap of a talented Colts team that is still trying to build around Anthony Richardson.
16. Seattle Seahawks: Florida State edge Jared Verse
Mike Macdonald is a defensive wiz, but is going to need more ammunition to rival the juggernaut he helped nurture in Baltimore. With Leonard Williams eligible to hit free agency, Seattle could target help anywhere across the defensive front. Verse is one of the best stories of the draft, going from one scholarship offer coming out of high school (Albany) to racking up 29 tackles for loss and 18 sacks in two seasons after transferring to Florida State.
17. Jacksonville Jaguars: Illinois iDL Johnny Newton
The Jaguars’ interior defensive linemen combined for just 4.5 sacks last season, which was fewer than Alim McNeill had all by himself in Detroit -- and McNeill spent four of the final five weeks of the regular season on injured reserve. Newton -- who prefers to go by Johnny instead of Jer’Zhan -- had eight sacks last season at Illinois and posted an impressive pass-rush win rate of 15.4%.
18. Cincinnati Bengals: LSU WR Brian Thomas Jr.
If Cincinnati doesn’t use the franchise tag on Tee Higgins, wideout will be a huge need heading into 2024. Speaking of huge, the 6-foot-4 Thomas scored an FBS-high 17 touchdown catches last season, the most by anyone since DeVonta Smith (23) in 2020.
19. Los Angeles Rams: Oklahoma OT Tyler Guyton
L.A.’s offense rebounded last season despite a mess at left tackle. Now it’s time to go get Matthew Stafford some more protection. Guyton didn’t allow a sack at Oklahoma last year.
20. Pittsburgh Steelers: Iowa CB Cooper DeJean
With Patrick Peterson turning 34 this year, Pittsburgh badly needs an outside cornerback to pair with Joey Porter Jr. DeJean allowed just one 15-yard catch last season and was named return specialist of the year in the Big Ten.
21. Miami Dolphins: Georgia OT Amarius Mims
Miami has built one of the most electric offenses in football, but ranked 31st in pass block win rate last season (49.2%). At 6-foot-7 and 330 pounds with exceptional length, Mims has rare traits but is light in experience.
22. Philadelphia Eagles: Toledo CB Quinyon Mitchell
Don’t look now, but Philadelphia hasn’t drafted a defensive back in the first round since 2002. They’re old at that position, and frankly, not that good anymore either. Mitchell is a first-team All-American with elite ball skills who allowed just 35.6% of his targets to be completed last year, and locked up his place in the first round with an outstanding week at the Senior Bowl.
23. Houston Texans (via Browns): UCLA EDGE Laiatu Latu
Demeco Ryans was in San Francisco when the 49ers poured yearly resources into the pass rush. Now playing in a division with young quarterbacks like Trevor Lawrence, Anthony Richardson and Will Levis, Ryans could take a similar tact by surrounding Will Anderson with another dynamic edge rusher. Latu won 24.6% of his pass rushes last season, tops in FBS, but also suffered a neck injury that will be poked and prodded next week in Indy.
24. Dallas Cowboys: Oregon iOL Jackson Powers-Johnson
The Cowboys’ once-mighty offensive line has fallen off in recent years, and now faces uncertainty at multiple spots, including center if they don’t re-sign Tyler Biadasz. Powers-Johnson is one of my favorite prospects for Detroit in this class, a tough, assignment-sound interior lineman who can play three spots right away.
25. Green Bay Packers: Clemson CB Nate Wiggins
Rasul Douglas was traded to Buffalo and Jaire Alexander was suspended for, well, whatever that was. Green Bay has issues in a secondary that finished 31st in interceptions last year, while the long-armed Wiggins is among the best cover corners in the draft, allowing QBs to complete just 18 of 41 passes for 176 yards and one touchdown last season.
26. Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Missouri EDGE Chop Robinson
I considered Oregon quarterback Bo Nix here, because Tampa is currently without a starting quarterback for 2024. But the Bucs also hired an offensive coordinator who runs a similar scheme to the now-departed Dave Canales, plus consulted Baker Mayfield during the transition. Mayfield was good for the Bucs last season, and really good in the playoffs, posting a passer rating of 106.3 and giving Detroit all it could handle in a divisional game at Ford Field. All signs point toward Mayfield getting something done in Tampa, and Todd Bowles turns his attention toward the defense instead, landing a violent pass rusher.
27. Arizona Cardinals (via Texans): Washington OL Troy Fautanu
After landing the best non-quarterback in the draft, Arizona turns its attention to protecting Kyler Murray, selecting an offensive tackle who could play guard as well.
28. Buffalo Bills: Florida State WR Keon Coleman
The Bills had some issues getting production behind Stefon Diggs in the passing game last season, and now Gabe Davis is eligible to become a free agent next month. Coleman, a transfer from Michigan State, is a 6-foot-4 behemoth with the ball in the air. There might not be a better contested-ball receiver in this draft.
29. Detroit Lions: Alabama CB Kool-Aid McKinstry
Brad Holmes is a big believer in collecting the best football players possible, regardless of immediate need. In this projection, the best player available lines up with Detroit’s most immediate need. The Lions ranked 27th defending the pass last year, then averaged 311 passing yards allowed in their three playoff games. Cam Sutton struggled as CB1, allowing the second-worst passer rating among all cornerbacks who played at least half their team’s defensive snaps. Emmanuel Moseley was signed to be CB2, but played just two snaps after tearing another ACL. Jerry Jacobs initially replaced Moseley in the lineup, then was benched in favor of Kindle Vildor, who was on the wrong end of two of the most infamous plays of last season, falling down on the 92-yard TD pass to CeeDee Lamb in Dallas, then having the ball bounce off his face and into the hands of Brandon Aiyuk for a 51-yard catch in the NFC championship game.
The Lions have nearly everyone back for another run at the Super Bowl next season, but must -- must -- find personnel upgrades for the perimeter of their defense. Maybe that happens in free agency. More likely, they find a long-term solution in the draft. There are plenty of good cornerbacks who should be available late in the first round. In this projection, McKinstry, Missouri’s Ennis Rakestraw and Georgia’s Kamari Lassiter are the best corners left at 29. Among that group, I like McKinstry the most. There are questions about his speed, so the combine will be a big week for him. But at 6-foot-1 and 195 pounds, McKinstry is a big, long corner with outstanding coverage skills. He was targeted just 39 times all last season, and allowed only one touchdown. He was one of the best defensive players in the nation’s best conference, and that likely will mean something to Brad Holmes, who has taken former Alabama stars like Jameson Williams, Jahmyr Gibbs and Brian Branch in his first three drafts in Detroit. Now Gibbs and Branch are headlining the young core in Detroit, while Williams is finding his way too. In McKinstry, Detroit would land the help it so badly needs to finally stop the carnage in the passing game.
30. Baltimore Ravens: Arizona OT Jordan Morgan
Both starting guards are pending free agents, and Baltimore has some decisions about whether to move on at the tackle spots as well. Morgan was a three-year starter at left tackle in Tucson, but could move inside at the next level.
31. San Francisco 49ers: Georgia CB Kamari Lassiter
Drawing some comps to Brian Branch, Lassiter might not blow you away with his speed, but he’s an assignment-sound cornerback who allowed receivers to catch just 38.5% of their targets. He’s also a sure tackler, and a team leader for the juggernaut at Georgia.
32. Kansas City Chiefs: Oregon WR Troy Franklin
Kansas City became the first team ever to win the Super Bowl while leading the league in dropped passes. Patrick Mahomes is one of the greatest equalizers in NFL history, but it might be wise to go get him someone who can, you know, hang onto the football. Franklin is a superstar athlete who averaged over 17 yards per catch last season at Oregon. Lord knows all the ways Andy Reid could dream up to use him.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices