Now that the free agency craze is likely over, all eyes are on the upcoming 2024 NFL Draft. Well, the Chicago Bears had their eyes on the draft ever since it became clear that they were going to end up with the first overall pick. 
Caleb Williams to the Bears looks like a done deal. It is all but guaranteed that Chicago will use their first overall pick to land their next franchise quarterback. 
What they do with their pick at no. 9, however, remains an open question. 
The priority with that pick will be to make things easier for the rookie quarterback, either by bolstering the offensive line or giving him more elite pass catchers. 
And there isn't a more elite pass catcher than Ohio State's Marvin Harrison Jr. 
The body control, leaping ability, ball tracking, catch in traffic/through contact, etc. is all so wild for Marvin Harrison Jr. (Maybe the best of any receiver prospect in 10+ years?!) pic.twitter.com/EzIY0HH3lw
Harrison Jr. is widely expected to be the first non-QB selected in the draft. The consensus is that Jayden Daniels and Drake Maye will follow Caleb Williams as the top three picks. The Minnesota Vikings, who are looking for a quarterback as well, could potentially trade for the fourth overall pick from the Arizona Cardinals to select JJ McCarthy. 
The Los Angeles Chargers currently have the no. 5 pick. If the Bears want to pair Caleb Williams with Harrison Jr. they would either need to trade for Arizona's no. 4 or the Chargers' no. 5 pick since it's hard to see him falling out of the top five. 
What would this require?
Last season, the Cardinals had the third overall pick and traded it to the Houston Texans in exchange for the 12th and 33rd pick in the draft, as well as first (no. 27) and third-round picks in 2024. 
The Bears are unfortunately low on draft picks in this year's draft. They don't have a second-round pick. Therefore, they would presumably have to give their no. 9 pick, third-round pick, and potentially two second-round picks (one from Carolina) they have next year. 
Chicago can offer this package to both Arizona and Los Angeles and guarantee that they end up with Harrison Jr. Otherwise, they will have to wait and see who else is available when it's their turn at no. 9. 
On FanDuel Sportsbook, Marvin Harrison is the heavy favorite at -600 to be the first WR drafted, followed by Malik Nabers and Rome Odunze. 
Odds refresh periodically and are subject to change.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.