Marquette University President Michael Lovell died on Sunday, June 9 after a three-year battle with cancer. He was 57. 
With no sitting lawmakers running in more than two dozen Wisconsin legislative races this fall, there will be several new faces in the state Capitol next year.
Under new legislative boundaries signed into law by Democratic Gov. Tony Evers earlier this year, many lawmakers were drawn into new districts. More than a dozen of them have opted out of running again this fall. Several more have moved into neighboring districts to be closer to the constituents they represented under previous maps.
Some other lawmakers are running for other offices. Former Senate Minority Leader Melissa Agard, D-Madison, is running for Dane County executive, and Rep. Katrina Shankland, D-Stevens Point, is running for the 3rd Congressional District. After being elected Milwaukee’s city attorney in April, Rep. Evan Goyke, D-Milwaukee, is also not seeking reelection to the Legislature this fall.
Three Dane County Democratic lawmakers — Reps. Melissa Ratcliff, of Cottage Grove; Jimmy Anderson, of Sun Prairie; and Samba Baldeh, of Madison — are running for Agard’s Senate seat, leaving their respective Assembly districts open this fall. In Milwaukee, Democratic state Reps. LaKeshia Myers and Dora Drake are leaving their seats to run for the 4th Senate District seat previously held by Lena Taylor, who was appointed earlier this year to be a Milwaukee County judge.
Here are the races with no current lawmakers on the ballot:
No lawmakers were drawn into the state’s 18th Senate District, which runs from Appleton to Oshkosh along Lake Winnebago.
Republican candidates Blong Yang and Anthony Phillips, both from Appleton, will meet in the Aug. 13 primary. The winner will run against Appleton Democrat Kristin Alfheim on Nov. 5.
The district has a 55.5% Democratic lean, according to an analysis using the 2022 presidential election results by the Lubar Center for Public Policy Research and Civic Education at Marquette Law School.
Wisconsin’s new 30th Senate District was drawn to include three sitting state Senators, but Sen. Eric Wimberger, R-Green Bay, is running in another district, Sen. André Jacque, R-De Pere, is running for the 8th Congressional District, and Sen. Rob Cowles, R-Green Bay, is not seeking another term this fall.
Democrat Jamie Wall and Republican Jim Rafter, both from Green Bay, are running for the seat.
The district has a nearly 53% Democratic lean.
Rep. Daniel Riemer, D-Milwaukee, is not seeking another term this fall, leaving the seat open.
Republican Lee Whiting, of Milwaukee, is running against Democrat Karen Kirsch, of Greenfield.
The district has a 60% Democratic lean.
The 9th Assembly District, also located in Milwaukee, is also open this fall after former Rep. Marisabel Cabrera, D-Milwaukee, was elected in April to be a Milwaukee County Circuit Court judge.
Democratic candidates Deisy España and Priscilla Prado will meet in the August primary, with the winner facing Ryan Antczak in the November election.
The district has a 72.5% Democratic lean.
Drake, D-Milwaukee, is running for the 4th Senate District seat, leaving her 11th Assembly District seat open this fall.
Two Democratic candidates, Sequanna Taylor and Amillia Heredia, both of Milwaukee, will meet in the August primary, with the winner running unopposed in November.
The district has an 89% Democratic lean.
The 12th Assembly District is also open this fall, with Myers, D-Milwaukee, also running for the 4th Senate District.
Four Democratic candidates, Brandon Willford, Decorah Gordon, Russell Goodwin Sr. and Katrina Morrison will meet in the August primary. The winner will go on to face independent candidate Deanna Alexander in November.
The district has a more than 79% Democratic lean.
No incumbent lawmakers were drawn into the new 14th Assembly District, which includes much of West Allis.
Democratic candidates Brady Coulthard, of Milwaukee, and Nathan Kieso and Angelito Tenorio, both of West Allis, will meet in the August primary. The winner will go on to face Republican Jim Engstrand, of Milwaukee, and independent candidate Steven Shevey, of Milwaukee, in November.
The district has a nearly 57% Democratic lean.
With Goyke not seeking another term, three candidates have filed to run for the 18th Assembly District near Wauwatosa.
Democratic candidates Margaret Arney, of Wauwatosa, and Angela Kennedy, of Milwaukee, will meet in the August primary. The winner will face Republican Kevin Anderson, of Milwaukee, in November.
The district has a nearly 84% Democratic lean.
Rep. Terry Katsma, R-Oostburg, is not seeking another term this fall, leaving his 27th Assembly District open.
Two Republican candidates, Lindee Brill, of Sheboygan Falls, and Brian Hilbelink, of Oostburg, will face off in the August primary, with the winner going on to meet Democratic candidate Kay Ladson, of Fond du Lac, in November.
The district has a more than 67% Republican lean.
No lawmakers were drawn into the state’s new 28th Assembly District.
Two Republican candidates, Brady Penfield, of River Falls, and Rob Kreibrich, of New Richmond, will meet in the August primary. The winner will go on to face Democrat Danielle Johnson, of New Richmond, in November.
The district has a more than 66% Republican lean.
Rep. Dave Considine, D-Baraboo, is not seeking another term this fall for the district that includes Baraboo, Portage and portions of Prairie du Sac.
Three Democratic candidates, Kyle Kunicki, of Merrimac, Brad Cook, of Pardeeville, and Karen DeSanto, of Baraboo, will meet in the August primary. The winner will face Republican Jerry Helmer, of Prairie du Sac, in November.
The district has a 55% Democratic lean.
Two state lawmakers, John Plumer, R-Lodi, and William Penterman, R-Columbus, were drawn into the new 42nd Assembly District.
Plumer is not running again, while Penterman is moving to the 38th Assembly District.
Two candidates, Democrat Maureen McCarville and Republican Rebecca Witherspoon, both of DeForest, are running for the seat, which has a 59% Democratic lean.
With Rep. Sue Conley, D-Janesville, not running for another term, the 44th Assembly District is also open this fall.
Democratic candidates Ann Roe, and Catherine Myers, both of Janesville, will meet in the August primary, with the winner facing Republican Bruce Danielson, also of Janesville, in November.
The district has a nearly 59% Democratic lean.
Ratcliff is running for the 16th Senate District this fall, leaving her 46th Assembly District open.
The November election will feature a matchup between Democratic candidate Joan Fitzgerald, of Fort Atkinson, and GOP candidate Jennifer Quimby, of Waterloo.
The district has a nearly 56% Democratic lean.
Anderson is also running for the 16th Senate District, leaving his 47th Assembly District open.
Two Democratic candidates, Randy Udell and Joe Maldonado, both of Fitchburg, will meet in the August primary, with the winner running unopposed in November.
The district has a 73% Democratic lean.
The 48th Assembly District will be open this fall, with Rep. Baldeh also running for the 16th Senate District.
Five Democratic candidates, Madison’s Rick Rose and Sun Prairie residents William Connors, Andrew Hysell, Goodwill Obieze and Avery Renk will meet in the August primary. The winner faces Sun Prairie Republican Lisa Rubrich in November.
The district has a 69% Democratic lean.
No lawmakers were drawn into the state’s new 53rd Assembly District.
Democratic candidate Duane Shukoski is running against Republican Dean Kaufert, both of Neenah, in the November election.
The district has a 53% Democratic lean.
Rep. Robert Wittke, R-Racine, was drawn into the new 62nd Assembly District but is moving to run in the state’s 63rd district, leaving the seat open.
Democratic candidate Angelina Cruz, of Racine, is the only candidate running for the seat.
The district has a 61% Democratic lean.
Rep. Tod Ohnstad, D-Kenosha, is not running again this year, leaving the 65th Assembly District open.
Democratic candidates Kyle Flood and Ben DeSmidt, both of Kenosha, will meet in the August primary. The winner will go on to face Republican Brian Gonzales, of Kenosha, in November.
The district has a nearly 56% Democratic lean.
The new 71st Assembly District is open this fall with Shankland running for Congress.
Democratic candidate Vincent Miresse, of Stevens Point, will meet Republican Robert Pahmeier, of Plover, in the November election.
The district has a nearly 56% Democratic lean.
Rep. Angie Sapik, R-Lake Nebagamon, is not running this fall, leaving the 73rd Assembly District open.
Democratic candidates John Adams, of Washburn, and Angela Stroud, of Ashland, will meet in the August primary. The winner will face Republican Frank Kostka, of Ashland, in November.
The new district has a 61% Democratic lean.
Rep. Gae Magnafici, R-Dresser, is not running again this fall, leaving the 75th Assembly District open.
Three Republicans, Duke Tucker, of Grantsburg, Neil Kline, of Osceola, and Jay Calhoun, of Luck, will face off in the August primary. The winner will face St. Croix Falls Democrat Jane Kleiss in November.
The district has a nearly 66% Republican lean.
No incumbents were drawn into the new 77th Assembly District, leaving the seat open.
Three Democratic candidates are running for the seat, Thaddeus Schumacher, Chuck Erickson and Renuka Mayadev, all from Madison. No Republicans are running for the seat, so the winner of the primary will be uncontested in November.
The district has a nearly 87% Democratic lean.
Rep. Pat Snyder, R-Schofield, was drawn into the new 87th Assembly District but is moving to a neighboring district for this fall’s election, leaving the seat open.
Republicans Brent Jacobson, of Mosinee, and Cory Sillars, of Wausau, will meet in the August primary, with the winner facing Wittenberg Democrat William Switalla in November.
The district has a 64% Republican lean.
No sitting lawmakers were drawn into the new 88th Assembly District, leaving the seat open.
Republicans Phil Collins and Benjamin Franklin, both from De Pere, will meet in the August primary. The winner will go on to face Democrat Christy Welch, also from De Pere, in November.
The district has a 52% Republican lean.
No incumbents were drawn into the new 88th Assembly District, leaving the seat open.
Democratic candidate Ryan Spaude and Republican Patrick Buckley, both from Green Bay, will meet in the November election
The district has a less than 51% Republican lean.
Rep. Kristina Shelton, D-Green Bay, is not running this fall, leaving the 90th Assembly District open.
Democratic candidate Amaad Rivera Wagner and Republican Jessica Henderson, both from Green Bay, will meet in the November election.
The district has a 56% Democratic lean.
The 93rd Assembly District is open this fall with Rep. Warren Petryk, R-town of Washington, not seeking reelection.
Democratic candidates Christian Phelps, of Eau Claire, and Nickolas Butler, of Fall Creek, will meet in the August primary. The winner will face Republican James Rolbiecki, of Eau Claire, in November.
The district has a more than 56% Democratic lean.
No sitting lawmakers were drawn into the new 98th Assembly District, leaving the seat open.
Republican candidates Don Pridemore, of Hartford, and Jim Piwowarczyk, of Hubertus, will meet in the August primary, with the winner facing Democratic candidate Del Schmechel, of Hubertus, in November.
The district has a 71% Republican lean.
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
Marquette University President Michael Lovell died on Sunday, June 9 after a three-year battle with cancer. He was 57. 
New maps signed into law earlier this year by Democratic Gov. Tony Evers drew incumbent lawmakers into the same district in 15 Assembly distri…
The Democratic Party of Wisconsin has put more than 120 candidates — the most by the party since 2011 — into 97 of the state Assembly's 99 rac…
The Wisconsin Elections Commission has until June 28 to make a final determination on whether or not the petition has enough valid signatures …
New legislative maps could bring Wisconsin some of the closest Assembly and Senate races the state has seen in a while.
With no Republicans running in the Democratic-leaning district, the next lawmaker to hold the Senate seat is likely to be decided in the Augus…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.