E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
The Patriots have one game left until a long-awaited bye week.
Can they head into their bye on a high?
Doing so will require upsetting the Colts, who head into Foxboro as 2.5-point favorites despite losing four of their last five games. Indianapolis (5-7) recently turned back to embattled second-year quarterback Anthony Richardson, who remains one of the most gifted passers in the league. Richardson’s arm, in fact, may be the strongest in the NFL, and his scrambling has the Patriots defense on high alert this week.
Meanwhile, Drake Maye has put the league on notice as a dual threat since taking over the starting job in mid-October. But this week, Maye lamented his turnovers (11), now more than his passing touchdowns (10). Which quarterback will win out Sunday?
Here’s what to watch for in Foxboro:
Rhamondre Stevenson hasn’t scored a touchdown in three straight weeks and hasn’t topped 75 rushing yards since Oct. 6.
Stevenson, like all running backs, needs sufficient running lanes; ones wider than the Patriots have typically afforded this year. And that may not be a guarantee with more offensive line changes coming Sunday. But Stevenson must also do his part, specifically with breaking tackles and/or dodging tacklers.
He’s forcing just two missed tackles per game over the last month, a far cry from earlier this season when he had games with 10 and seven broken tackles. The Colts’ run defense ranks exactly league average by DVOA, and will surely know the Pats prefer to run behind right guard Mike Onwenu in key situations.
Can the Pats overcome recent struggles and get their top rusher going again?
As always for a team that struggles to pass-protect, it starts up front.
The Pats rank dead last by most advanced pass protection metrics, and must buy Maye time to find open receivers downfield. That means blocking former All-Pro defensive tackle DeForest Buckner, who leads the Colts in sack percentage, and edge-rusher Kwity Paye, who owns a team-high 5.5 sacks.
“We’ve got to do a good job handling the front. Starts with (DeForest) Buckner, who’s been a guy who’s played at a high level for a very long time,” Pats coach Jerod Mayo said this week. “Go to the second level, you have (Zaire) Franklin back there. In the third level, (Kenny) Moore (III) and the rest of those guys. They’re definitely very good players and they have a very good defense.”
As for Maye, he’ll face a fairly simple Colts defense that plays with a four-man line and majors in zone coverage that could discourage him from scrambling. But if he does have time, look for Maye to target tight ends Hunter Henry and Austin Hooper, given Indianapolis ranks among the worst defenses in the league against tight ends and covering short passes by DVOA.
It’s all about No. 28.
Colts running back Jonathan Taylor averages the seventh-most rushing yards per game in the league and has 708 on the season, plus five touchdowns. He knocked the Patriots out three years ago with a breakaway run in another December game that ultimately affected the AFC playoff picture. While the stakes won’t be as high Sunday, the Pats know stopping Taylor will be central to their success.
“Taylor, he’s a problem,” Mayo said. “We have to try to go out there and really bottle him up. I think one thing about him, he probably doesn’t get the hype that he deserves. At the same time, he’s a very explosive player and a very fast player out there on the field. It all really runs through him.”
Up front, the Patriots got a great game out of defensive tackle Davon Godchaux last week in Miami, one of their better run-stopping performances this season. In addition to winning the line of scrimmage, the Pats must also wrap up when tackling. That has been an on-again-off-again issue for linebackers Jahlani Tavai and Christian Elliss, who both have a missed tackle percentage north of 10%, per Pro Football Focus.
A nice break for the Patriots: Josh Downs, the Colts’ leading receiver, is out.
Instead, Richardson will have big outside weapons Michael Pittman Jr. (53 catches, 594 yards) and Alec Pierce (27 catches, 629 yards) to lean on. Both receivers stand 6-foot-3 or taller and boast big-play ability, which could create problems for smaller Patriots cornerbacks Jonathan Jones and Marcus Jones. Mirroring the Colts’ defensive plan, the Pats might also prefer to play zone to avoid those problematic 1-on-1 matchups, and keep eyes on Richardson.
When Richardson is not scrambling, he’s looking deep. He leads the NFL with a 15.6 yards per completion average. The pressure is on Kyle Dugger and the Patriots’ other safeties to protect the deep part of the field. The good news: Richardson’s 47.1% completion percentage ranks dead last among starting quarterbacks, and his 3.7% interception should also create opportunities for much-needed takeaways.
Patriots 19, Colts 16
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group