A TRIO of pupils at South Craven School has netted nearly £400 for the Oxenhope Sue Ryder hospice Manorlands.


  Year 9 students Seth Wilkinson, Luke Randall and Max Enright organised a football tournament and raffle at the Cross Hills school, encouraging fellow pupils and staff to get involved.


  Student mentor and teaching assistant Chinny Singh, who worked with the youngsters on the project, said: "I would like to congratulate the students – their hard work paid off and they are a real credit to the school."


  Mr Singh, who is involved in charity football team Craven for Change, added: "As someone who raises funds for charity in the local community, it’s great to see the influence it has had on our young people."


  Thanks were expressed by the school to Bradford City Football Club, the Cross Hills Co-op and Spar stores and Drake and Macefield Butchers for donating raffle prizes.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.