The Indianapolis Colts managed to defeat the New England Patriots in Massachusetts, a win that broke the Gillette curse and kept the Colts' playoff hopes alive. It was not a great win for the Colts; the Patriots are not a very good team, and Indianapolis were facing a loss right up until the last moments of the game. To be fair, the Colts were dealing with major injury problems, including the loss of two wide receivers and numerous members of their offensive line. A week to recover will do the Colts a lot of good, but in the meantime, for Week 13, there were some people who stood out - for both good and bad reasons.
It's undeniable that Richardson's performance was far from perfect on Sunday; he made some bad passes and had two interceptions. But he also managed to lead the Colts on a massive 19-play drive in the waning moments of the game, and capped it off with a run into the end zone for a two-point conversion, and the win.The other thing to note about Richardson is that while, yes, some of the Colts' problems were on him, but he also was practically carrying the entire team. The defense was doing nothing, his offensive line is barely hanging in there, and his receivers were dropping passes left and right. The man can only do so much, and at clutch time, he gets it done. 
That’s our quarterback. 🫡📺 CBS pic.twitter.com/Uc3ULCCTAt
Yes, the entire Colts defense. Remember how the Patriots are not a very good team? Well, their offense ran all over the Colts defense, both literally and figuratively. The Patriots are one of the worst teams in the league, and yet they racked up over 400 yards all the same. They had to punt the ball just one time, while Drake Maye led his team up and down the field with virtually no resistance. Unsurprisingly, the calls for Gus Bradley to lose his job have begun yet again.
Has Pittman been playing at his absolute best? No. But he has been battling serious injuries all season, and continuing to play through them, and play well at that. He's logged five receptions in his last three games, and against the Patriots, he had five receptions for 42 yards. Then there was his blocking, which was insane - and he did all of this with an injured back.
Michael Pittman Jr was blocking his ass off yesterday dawg. Putting DBs right on their pockets where they belong. pic.twitter.com/Zgc23fjCKd
Granson has already been mediocre at best, but his performance yesterday was abysmal. Now, he wasn't the only person dropping passes that were delivered right into his hands - looking at you, Adonai Mitchell - but Mitchell is a rookie, and Granson dropping passes he should have caught has become a regular occurrence for the Colts. Many fans are openly wondering why he still has a spot on the roster, and frankly, it's not a bad question.
There wasn't much to celebrate when it comes to the defense, but Julian Blackmon is the exception. He got five tackles in, as well as his second reception of the season. The defense didn't have many other plays to celebrate, but we at least got this one out of the veteran safety.
Julian Blackmon comes up with an interception in the redzone for the #Coltspic.twitter.com/KCFNVmBODq
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.