In a post shared on his Instagram Stories, Drake shared love for G-Unit rapper Tony Yayo by wearing the same "Free Yayo" t-shirt Eminem wore at the Grammys in 2003.
During the early hours of Thursday, July 18, Drake shared a selfie that showed him wearing the grey t-shirt. Eminem wore the same t-shirt during his 45th Annual Grammy Awards performance. Yayo was behind bars for all of 2003 when he was sentenced to bail jumping following an arrest on New Year's Eve in New York City. He was finally paroled in January 2004 but spent another month in prison for having a forged passport.
While this might just seem like Drake sharing some love for the G-Unit rapper, it comes not long after Yayo commented on Drizzy's bitter beef with Kendrick Lamar, who recently returned to the top spot on the Billboard 100 with "Not Like Us."
"I think the battle is not over," Yayo said in a recent interview with DJ Vlad. "Drake is Drake, Kendrick is Kendrick. They're both two of the biggest artists in the world. ... We can say what we wanna say, all Drake gotta do is... Every time we count Drake out he comes back with a fucking hit, that's all I'm saying. All he gotta do is come back with No. 1 record. The kids are gonna be dancing just like they are to 'Not Like Us.'"
Ultimately, Yayo said that the beef was "good for hip-hop, as long as nobody gets shot."
Drizzy has kept relatively quiet ever since he dropped "The Heart Part 6," but he did offer fans an amusing update into his life recently when he posted a video of his Toronto mansion getting flooded by severe rainfall. The water looked very brown in the clip, and he joked, "This better be Espresso Martini."
music | BY Mark Elibert
Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" Once Again Reaches No. 1 on Billboard Hot 100
sports | BY Trace William Cowen
Watch Steph Curry and LeBron James Trade Reactions to Hearing Kendrick’s "Not Like Us" Yet Again: ‘Not the Only Song in America’
music | BY Zach Dionne
Schoolboy Q Jokes 'Canadian Police Don't Want Nobody From TDE Performing' as Toronto Tour Opener Gets Canceled
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS HOODIE BLACK
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.