Share your email to get soaps interviews, spoilers from the Star
We have more newsletters
Share your email to get soaps interviews, spoilers from the Star
We have more newsletters
This is my last column for this fine, upstanding organ. I’m really sorry to go. The boss said he wanted me to have a happy ending, so while I’m waiting for the masseuse to turn up, here are some cherished memories and farewell thoughts…
Blindfolded and strapped to a wall, I strained against my shackles until…POP! A knife burst a balloon by my left ear, and then another exploded to my right. Gulp.
The late great Freddie Starr was using me for target practice and the one balloon left was between my legs. It was traumatising. I lost half an inch of hair, three suit buttons and without going into too much detail, I’m now circumcised.
Just one bizarre by-product of being a TV critic for 37 years. I was also gunged 15 times by Noel Edmonds (who kindly Gotcha’d me too), thrown out of a Hercules at 12,000ft by ITV, and hypnotised into chatting up a broom by Paul McKenna live on Children In Need.
READ MORE: 'Boiling Point started as dog's dinner then simmered along nicely once switch was hit'
READ MORE:Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
The next morning a friend left a hairbrush on my front door claiming it was the lovechild.
In 1996, Bushell On The Box became an ITV show. For fifty episodes, my home in Eltham, south London, was flooded with Gladiators, comedians, soap stars, actors, bands, Page 3 girls, Melvyn Bragg and Lenny McLean.
Even campaigning reporter Roger Cook rocked up at my door investigating alleged crimes – purely for laughs.
What hurt most was going two rounds with world welterweight champ Lloyd Honeyghan courtesy of the Eurythmics. I had Lloyd worried though… he thought he’d killed me.
I've loved TV all my life. At its best, it unites, excites and delights us. It takes chances and creates characters we either love and relate to, or love to hate. My earliest telly memories, apart from Twizzle and Torchy the Battery Boy, were of the neighbours crowding round my nan’s old box TV set to watch Quatermass, and the 1966 world cup final all in black and white.
I saw the first ever Doctor Who in November 63, and still remember laughing at The Telegoons, Charlie Drake in The Worker and Harry Worth.
I lived through the first golden age as a viewer – the brilliant sitcoms of the 60s and 70s, the ITC action shows (The Avengers, The Prisoner), the gritty and brilliant Euston Films series etc. But was a professional reviewer for the second golden age, ushered in by The Sopranos. For a while, the small screen was more interesting and daring than the movies.
The HBO series, starring James Gandolfini as complex New Jersey mob boss, Tony Soprano, set a high bar for drama that has yet to be beaten. In its wake we got cracking US shows – The Shield, The Wire, Ozark – and thrilling fantasy and superhero sagas like Game Of Thrones and The Boys.
Here, Life On Mars and Line Of Duty reigned, followed by early Peaky Blinders, Black Mirror, Top Boy, The Last Kingdom, Happy Valley and Luther. We still punch above our weight. If the BBC could rein in its writers’ tiresome self-loathing we might even out-do the Yanks. 
I've been with the Daily Star Sunday for 16 years. The small team who put this paper together are among the most genuine, hard-grafting people I’ve ever known.
I’d like to thank all of them, and also all of you, the readers – especially those who sent emails and goofs.
Even the insults had a certain zing. Cheerio.
This is my 869th column for the Daily Star Sunday, and the 1697th since Bushell On The Box began in 1987.
 As well as the ITV series, the column has spawned a boardgame, a DVD, two books, and weekly segments on C4’s The Big Breakfast and Virgin radio. It was spoofed by Viz as Bluto On The Box . 
Watch my Twitter feed to see where Bushell On The Box is going next. It’s not a newspaper.‌
‌In my 37 years as a TV critic only two people ever tried to sue me. Both were DeadEnders stars. Tsk. All I did was ask readers to decide who had more personality, the actor in question or a plank of wood.
Albert Square felt authentic when it started but went downhill like a run-away toboggan.
There isn’t space to list everything it gets wrong – so I wrote a book about it, 1001 Reasons Why EastEnders Is Pony. No wonder the cast pinned my photo to their green room dartboard…
In fairness it’s produced classic characters: Frank Butcher, Kat Slater, the Mitchells. But they’ve now got more living dead than True Blood.
The Beeb won’t save it by letting writers load the scripts with their own trendy views. Phil Mitchell backing down from the resident drag queen? Gertcha.
I still fondly remember Elsie Tanner and Ena Sharples having a blazing row on the Corrie cobbles in 1965. It was almost as scary as the first Doctor Who.
Things change, but the journey from Eric & Ernie to Paddy McGuinness, Peter Cook to Nish Kumar, and Victoria Wood to Rosie Jones has all been in one direction… and it hasn’t been up.
‌We have too much “reality” TV and nudity, too many “celebs” we haven’t heard of, too much preaching, too many female corpses on mortuary slabs and nowhere near enough laughter.
Funniest show this century: Harry Hill’s TV Burp. Followed by Curb Your Enthusiasm and It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia. 
Best Non-US sitcoms: The Office, Peter Kay’s Phoenix Nights, The League of Gentlemen, Peep Show, Gavin & Stacey, Call My Agent, Derry Girls. 
Comedy Joys: The Mighty Boosh. BoJack Horseman. Catastrophe. Chewing Gum. Still Game. Inside Number 9. 
 ‌ TV’s All-time Stinkers: Naked Jungle. Naked Education. Don’t Scare The Hare. Flock Stars. Beat The Crusher. Sing If You Can. Len Goodman’s Partners In Rhyme. 
Greatest Garry’s Goof. For years it was Ulrika Jonsson, then an ITV weathergirl, saying of snowfall: “I had a good eight inches last night.” But she was surpassed when weightlifting commentator Pat Glenn told viewers: “This is Gregoriava from Bulgaria, I saw her snatch this morning and it was amazing.”
Top lookalike. We’ve had hundreds, but my all-time favourite is still Noel Gallagher and Parker from Thunderbirds. Were they separated at birth? Yus me lady.
Best Subtitle Boobs: Princess Eugenie’s wedding commentary: What a beautiful breasts (dress)…absolutely fitting her.
Racing commentator: The horse has gonorrhoea (gone to the rear – the jockey didn’t look too hot either).
Roy Hudd: “The Max Miller of the press.”
Bob Monkhouse: “A terrific writer, the sharpest TV critic in Britain.”
Barbara Windsor: “Simply the best.”
Bradley Walsh: “His writing isn’t suitable for vegans, it’s too beefy.”
Jonathan Ross: “The man who puts the GB into GBH.”
Elvis Costello: “You used to be a great writer, what happened to you?”