By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and ALISON BOSHOFF FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:51, 28 August 2024   |  Updated:  20:16, 28 August 2024   
 21
View  comments
Kanye West attempted to remain incognito in a black hoodie and shorts as he left  Seoul, South Korea. 
After taking his three eldest children sightseeing in South Korea with their stepmom Bianca Censori earlier this week, the rapper, 47, was seen preparing to board a flight out of East Asia.
While the 24-time Grammy winner was not seen with leaving the country with his kids North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, or wife, 29, the musician looked relaxed as he sat with two men and members of his security team. 
The singer, who shares four children with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, pulled off a casual look, consisting of a sweatshirt with his hood pulled up and sunglasses. 
The star's youngest, Psalm, five, seemingly did not tag along on the trip. 
Kanye West attempted to remain incognito in a black hoodie and shorts as he left Seoul, South Korea
His latest sighting comes just days after taking a swipe at Adidas and giving fellow rapper, Drake, a shout-out during his Vultures 2 show in South Korea on Thursday. 
Before performing his 2007 track, I Wonder, the father-of-four declared: 'This one for Drake.'
Later in the evening, he chanted 'f**k Adidas' and encouraged the audience to join him, before playing Can't Tell Me Nothing, another hit off his third studio album, Graduation. 
According to The Sun, several K-pop artists were seen attending his gig on August 23. 
This included Aespa members Giselle and Winter, both 23. 
His latest two shows mark his first time performing in South Korea since the Summer Week&T music festival back in 2010. 
Earlier this week, a source revealed West's list of demands before a show to DailyMail.com. 
An insider claimed that he insists on having 24 rooms in a five-star hotel for his own personal use. 
After taking his three eldest children sightseeing in South Korea with their stepmom Bianca Censori earlier this week, the rapper, 47, was seen preparing to board a flight out of East Asia
He also looked at his cell phone while he showed off his legs in shorts
Here the rapper wore a white hoodie with gray sweatpants as she sat at a bar with a pal
For himself and Censori, Ye specifies that their hotel must be a Ritz, Four Seasons or Aman group (the luxe resorts owned by Russian tycoon Vladislav Doronin). 
The crew can be put up at a different hotel, but it must still be a five-star establishment.
At the gigs, the crew must wear black, and must not use their phones at all — or partake in alcohol, tobacco or drugs.
At each concert venue, Ye needs four private — lockable — rooms, containing only black furniture (two couches, two chairs and a festival table).
There are to be no plastic bottles, plates or utensils.
His latest sighting comes just days after taking a swipe at Adidas and giving fellow rapper, Drake, a shout-out during his Vultures 2 show in South Korea on Thursday (seen in February 2024)
He wants black hand towels — which must be 'pre-washed' — plus another ten large bath towels. Also black. And one box of unscented baby wipes.
To wash it down he has 24 bottles of water, and four of fruit juice.
Booze is banned.
One thing which he is particularly picky about is phone chargers.
He wants two different iPhone chargers and specifies: 'NO bootleg Apple products.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group