New England Patriots director of scouting Eliot Wolf speaks during a press conference at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis, Tuesday, Feb. 27, 2024. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy)AP
INDIANAPOLIS — For the first time in a long time, the Patriots had a podium presence at the NFL Combine. 
Newly-elevated executive Eliot Wolf fielded questions on Tuesday morning and had plenty to say. Though Wolf’s title remains director of scouting, it’s clear that he’s now running the personnel department and will have plenty of influence on the future of the franchise. 
Here are nine takeaways from Wolf’s podium session, as well as a smaller group interview afterwards: 
With the No. 3 overall pick in their pocket, the Patriots are two months away from a franchise-altering decision. Though other people in the building will have input, ultimately, Wolf is going to be the one that makes the final call on who New England selects. 
“It’s going to be a collaborative effort: Coach (Jerod) Mayo, myself, Matt Groh, the whole staff,” Wolf said. “(But) at the end of the day, somebody has to make the pick and that’ll be myself.”
So which way might Wolf and company be leaning?
With the third overall pick, the Patriots will be guaranteed to have a highly-touted quarterback on the board, as USC’s Caleb Williams, North Carolina’s Drake Maye, and LSU’s Jayden Daniels are the three consensus top-tier prospects at the position. Wolf likes what he’s seen from the signal callers and plans to meet with all three this week. 
“I think it’s a really good year for quarterbacks,” Wolf said.
When discussing what he looks for at the position, Wolf pointed to one trait in particular that he thinks is undervalued.
“Being someone that can elevate his teammates. Someone that your teammates want to play for. I think that’s an extremely underrated thing that people don’t really talk about that much,” Wolf said. “Leadership is important. And obviously physical talent. We wouldn’t be talking about these guys if they weren’t physically talented.”
With free agency looming, Wolf made it clear that he doesn’t want to lose tackle Mike Onwenu or safety Kyle Dugger.
“We definitely want to keep Mike and Kyle and we’re hopeful to continue to work with Kyle’s agent and Mike to make that happen,” Wolf said.
Somewhat surprisingly, Onwenu just fired his agents, but Wolf said that doesn’t change anything from the team’s perspective. 
“Mike’s a core player for us. It’s no secret we want to try to keep Mike,” Wolf said. “It’ll just be a little bit of a wrinkle dealing with him. Mike’s really smart. He’s introspective and he’s thoughtful. He knows what he wants, which is always good when you’re dealing with a player. He’s certainly someone that we view as a cornerstone for us.”
One way the Patriots would be guaranteed to retain (at least) one of their top-of-the-market free agents would be with the franchise tag, and that’s something Wolf isn’t ruling out. 
“All the options are on the table,” he said. 
In rebuilding a woeful Patriots roster, Wolf sees a need for high-end skill. Though weapons discussions can get hackneyed, he knows they’re what New England needs.
“In terms of physical skills, we need to weaponize the offense,” Wolf said. “We need to be faster and more explosive on defense. Height, weight, speed, playmaking ability – there will definitely be an emphasis on those things.”
The Patriots can clear $14.375 million of salary cap space by releasing J.C. Jackson, which feels inevitable. The team could always bring the him back on a cheaper deal, but Wolf said they haven’t chosen a path with the veteran cornerback yet.
“I would say we haven’t come to a decision on that,” Wolf said. “We’re kinda working through different options. I haven’t talked to the defensive staff about that one specifically yet.”
The Patriots are no longer using Bill Belichick’s draft system, as Wolf and senior personnel executive Alonzo Highsmith have revamped the way the Patriots evaluate prospects. 
“We changed the grading system,” Wolf said. “It’s a little bit more similar to what we did in Green Bay. The previous Patriot system was more, ‘this is what the role is,’ and this is more kind of value-based. So I think it makes it a lot easier for scouts to rate guys and put them in a stack of like ‘this guy’s the best, this guy’s the worst’ and everything in between falls into place rather than sort of more nuanced approaches.
“It accounts value better and it also makes it easier for the scouts in the fall as well as in the spring to determine where guys would get drafted.”
Wolf’s Green Bay roots — he watched his father build Super Bowl winners there and then spent 14 seasons on the staff — were a frequent theme in Tuesday’s press conference. 
“‘The Packer Way,’ to me, is just sort of a draft and develop, extend your core performers from within,” Wolf said. “And again, it’s about honesty, respect and treating people the right way.”
In all likelihood, the Patriots are staring down a multi-year rebuild. Wolf certainly seemed aware of that when asked what would constitute a successful season for the 2024 Patriots. 
“Really, (it’s) just showing good progress and turning the culture around, and competing for the playoffs,” Wolf said. “That’s something we’re not going to shy away from.”
Wolf spoke at length about the culture change that he and Mayo hope to engineer, and in doing so, wasn’t afraid to acknowledge how he felt things had gone during Belichick’s final days at the helm in New England. 
“It’s easy to say the culture has changed, but there’s no players here right now, so we’ll see if the culture has changed,” Wolf said. “But certainly there’s more of an open, less hard-ass type vibe in the building that we can move forward with.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices