NEW YORK — Ten of the best songs of the year, as determined by Associated Press Music Writer Maria Sherman, in no particular order.
Shaboozey performs Aug. 9 at Outside Lands Music Festival in San Francisco, Calif.
It is not only the biggest song of the year, but one of the longest-reigning No. 1s of all time, as far as the Billboard Hot 100 is concerned — Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" tied Lil Nas X's "Old Town Road" with an impressive 19 weeks atop the charts. It makes sense that these two songs resonated in similar ways: Both are cross-genre, monolithic musical moments, classically country and an amalgamation of styles forming something completely modern. Shaboozey's earworm interpolates J-Kwon's "Tipsy" and places it squarely on the faded bar stool of a hard-working weekend warrior. It'll inspire a singalong of "Oh my, good lord" from anyone.
Lamar
There was a time where describing "Not Like Us" required a taxonomy of the freshly reignited beef between Kendrick Lamar and Drake, a period of diss tracks begetting diss tracks with dizzying alacrity — and a clear victor. The truth is the song stands on its own: a triumphant declaration of West Coast hip-hop, funny and bombastic.
Future, left, performs April 14, 2023, with Metro Boomin at the Coachella Music & Arts Festival in Indio, Calif.
Future and Metro Boomin long made ideal collaborators, but this year's joint album, "We Don't Trust You," felt like a long time coming. It was an event. Immediately upon its release, "Like That" stood out, not only for its fiery guest verse from Lamar, or its hyper-speed sample of Rodney O and Joe Cooley's "Everlasting Bass" and Eazy-E's "Eazy-Duz-It," but for its ferocity.
Chappell Roan performs in concert Sept. 20 in London.
This year belonged to Chappell Roan. A veteran of the music industry experiencing a rocket launch into fame, Roan long wielded her theatricality and sexual candor like a wand (and a rabbit) in her songs. But "Good Luck, Babe!" thrust her into the mainstream, a pop megahit that tackles lust, frustration and compulsory heterosexuality atop strings, '80s synths and a soaring vocal performance.
Sabrina Carpenter performs April 12 at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, Calif.
For the caffeinated — or those in dire need of an energy boost — Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso" emerged like all great pop hits should: Almost from nowhere, as addictive as its namesake and confounding in its lyrics, directly recalling the Y2K period of off-kilter pop songs with nonsensical lyrics atop sunny productions. It's disco-pop when the genre was dead and buried, revitalized and made clever through Carpenter's ever-present sense of humor.
Beyonce 
For career-long fans of Beyoncé, a hybridist country album from the superstar performer was simply a prophecy fulfilled. When "Cowboy Carter" arrived, it became immediately clear that B was dedicated to reclaiming country music as a Black woman. But it was the introduction of this new era with "Texas Hold 'Em" that solidified it — a honky-tonk stomper with a lot of western soul.
Tinashe performs June 30 during the BET Awards in Los Angeles.
Give her No. 1 for the best lyric of the year: "Is somebody gonna match my freak?" Tinashe's "Nasty" is a sultry, goodtime hit — a kick, a snare, bare production and a scare beat — melodic and stacked with backing vocals. No wonder TikTok immediately embraced it. "Nasty" is for dancing, a song that evokes a quote regularly attributed to Oscar Wilde: a vertical expression of a horizontal urge.
Post Malone, left, and Morgan Wallen perform Nov. 8, 2023, at the 57th Annual CMA Awards in Nashville, Tenn.
The Texas contemporary pop performer Post Malone has dropped "ma'ams" and "sirs" in his speech since day one, and his signature autotuned vibrato works across the genre spectrum. But it's his collaboration with controversial hitmaker Morgan Wallen that undoubtedly made waves, an immediate anthem for hanging out in the bed of a pickup truck or at a backyard barbecue.
The popularity of regional Mexican music increased in recent years — a thrilling reflection of Latin music's continued global growth. The artists at the center of the movement, including Peso Pluma, know their music succeeds because it both celebrates tradition and transcends it, like in his gruff rapping over corridos. In Kali Uchis' "Igual Que Un Ángel," Pluma experiments with new genres entirely, and she welcomes him into her world. Here, Uchis' glossy, shimmery disco dream-pop is the foundation, and Pluma's stony vocal tone a smooth accent. It's an addictive song, and a reminder of the power at the heart of inventive collaborations.
A vocal harmony between Waxahatchee's Katie Crutchfield and MJ Lenderman is a marvel from the jump — two kindred spirits, schooled in folky Americana and raised in DIY punk — but that's only one fraction of the magic of "Right Back to It." The song considers long-term relationships, the kind of love that can be tested, steady, reliable and, at times, restive.
Dave Mullins, center, and Brad Booker, winners of the award for best animated short for "War Is Over! Inspired by the Music of John & Yoko," pose in the press room as Anya Taylor-Joy, left, looks on during the Oscars on Sunday, March 10, 2024, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
Taylor Russel poses for photographers upon arrival for the premiere of the film 'Beetlejuice Beetlejuice' and the opening ceremony of the 81st edition of the Venice Film Festival in Venice, Italy, on Wednesday, Aug. 28, 2024. (Photo by Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan performs on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in London. (Photo by Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift performs at Wembley Stadium as part of her "Eras Tour" on Friday, June 21, 2024, in London. (Photo by Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP)
Kate Winslet, left, and Jane Fonda embrace during the Women in Film Honors on Thursday, Oct. 23, 2024, at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)
Hannah Einbinder arrives at the fourth annual Academy Museum Gala on Saturday, Oct. 19, 2024, at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris appears on NBC's "Saturday Night Live," with Maya Rudolph, Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024 in New York. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Anna Sawai, left, winner of the award for outstanding lead actress in a drama series for "Shogun", and Hiroyuki Sanada, winner of the awards for outstanding lead actor in a drama series, and outstanding drama series for "Shogun" pose in the press room during the 76th Primetime Emmy Awards on Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Saoirse Ronan, a cast member in "Blitz," poses for a portrait at the Four Seasons Hotel, Monday, Oct. 14, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)
Performers from the Portela samba school parade during Carnival celebrations at the Sambadrome in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, early Tuesday, Feb. 13, 2024. (AP Photo/Bruna Prado)
Salman Rushdie poses for a portrait to promote his book "Knife: Meditations After an Attempted Murder" on Thursday, April 18, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)
Lady Gaga poses for photographers upon arrival for the premiere of the film 'Joker: Folie A Deux' during the 81st edition of the Venice Film Festival in Venice, Italy, on Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024. (Photo by Joel C Ryan/Invision/AP)
Shia LaBeouf, from left, Laurence Fishburne, Aubrey Plaza, Adam Driver, director Francis Ford Coppola, Nathalie Emmanuel and Giancarlo Esposito pose for photographers upon departure from the premiere of the film 'Megalopolis' at the 77th international film festival, Cannes, southern France, Thursday, May 16, 2024. (Photo by Andreea Alexandru/Invision/AP)
Glen Powell, second from left, and Anthony Ramos, cast members in the upcoming film "Twisters," dodge a fake cow and flying leaves from a wind machine onstage during the Universal Pictures and Focus Features presentation at CinemaCon 2024, Wednesday, April 10, 2024, at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)
Dua Lipa poses for a portrait to promote her new album "Radical Optimism" on Friday, April 26, 2024, in New York. (Photo by Drew Gurian/Invision/AP)
Tom Kaulitz, left, and Heidi Klum attend Heidi Klum's 23rd annual Halloween party on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2024, at Hard Rock Hotel New York in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Lady Gaga poses for photographers upon arrival at the premiere for the film 'Joker: Folie A Deux' on Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in London. (Photo by Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP)
Ariana Grande arrives at the Oscars on Sunday, March 10, 2024, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/John Locher)
Tilda Swinton poses for a portrait to promote "Problemista" on Tuesday, Feb. 27, 2024, in New York. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP)
Emmy Wildermuth participates in the Paul Taylor Dance Company dress rehearsal performance of Jody Sperling's "Clair de Lune" at the David H. Koch Theater at Lincoln Center on Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2024, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Jury president Greta Gerwig poses for photographers upon arrival at the premiere of the film 'The Shrouds' at the 77th international film festival, Cannes, southern France, Monday, May 20, 2024. (Photo by Daniel Cole/Invision/AP)
Cillian Murphy poses for a portrait during the 96th Academy Awards Oscar nominees luncheon on Monday, Feb. 12, 2024, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)
Robert Downey Jr. poses in the press room with the award for best performance by an actor in a supporting role for "Oppenheimer" at the Oscars on Sunday, March 10, 2024, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
Ne-Yo performs at the Rock in Rio music festival in Rio de Janeiro, Sunday, Sept. 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Bruna Prado)
Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) kisses Taylor Swift after the NFL Super Bowl 58 football game against the San Francisco 49ers, Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, in Las Vegas. The Chiefs won 25-22. (AP Photo/John Locher)
Allison Janney, left, and Martin Sheen pose in the press room during the 76th Primetime Emmy Awards on Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Cardi B attends The Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute benefit gala celebrating the opening of the "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" exhibition on Monday, May 6, 2024, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Director Francis Ford Coppola poses for portrait photographs for the film 'Megalopolis', at the 77th international film festival, Cannes, southern France, Friday, May 17, 2024. (Photo by Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)
Blake Lively arrives at the LACMA Art+Film Gala on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024, at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in Los Angeles. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
Lenny Kravitz performs during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Jerry Seinfeld poses for a portrait to promote the film "Unfrosted" on Tuesday, April 16, 2024, in New York. (Photo by Victoria Will/Invision/AP)
Dick Van Dyke accepts the award for outstanding guest performance in a daytime drama series for "Days of our Lives" during the 51st Daytime Emmy Awards on Friday, June 7, 2024, at the Westin Bonaventure in Los Angeles.(AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)
Andrew Garfield poses with a cut out of fellow actor Florence Pugh upon arrival at the premiere for the film 'We Live In Time' on Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in London. (Photo by Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP)
Cynthia Erivo, left, and Ariana Grande arrive at the premiere of "Wicked" on Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024, at Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
Rod Stewart poses for a portrait on Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2024, in New York. (Photo by Matt Licari/Invision/AP)
Tyra Banks walks the runway during the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show on Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024, in the Brooklyn borough of New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
A$AP Rocky gets to return to life at the peak of his fame instead of the long prison sentence that might have come from a conviction at his fe…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.