ST. JOSEPH COUNTY, Mich. (WNDU) - Summer is here once again, which means it’s time for camp!
A group of youngsters is having a positively cosmic experience at YMCA Camp Eberhart.
Astro Camp may be for kids ages 9 through 15, but it takes people of all ages to make it meaningful!
If Galileo can shake the universe with his toy telescope essentially, what can you do with yours?
At Camp Astro, that is exactly what campers do. Except these kids are working with equipment a little more advanced than what Galileo had.
“At night, they’re able to practice their newly found skills on seeking out things like bright stars and aiming and focusing and getting those skills down,” says Darrne Drake, resident astronomer at the camp. “And then as they get a little more experience, they can start to find things like deep sky objects, such as star clusters and nebulae.”
Drake actually lives on the campgrounds during the summer months. He has been coming back since 2006 because of kids like Michael Amberg, whom he mentored since Michael was a kid.
“I’m from southside Chicago and suburbs of Chicago, so a lot of light pollution,” Amberg says. “Not a lot of opportunity to see the night sky, so I’ve always been more of a studier when it came to it. So, getting to come out here and have Darren teach me not just about the scopes but about space in general and getting the opportunity to see all these amazing things that I’ve only read about, is something that’s always fascinated me.”
Amberg was not the only one who needed the resources of Astro Camp
“I grew up in a pretty rural area. There weren’t a lot of opportunities for me growing up to kind of dive into my interests,” said Sam Springer. “I didn’t really have a lot of guidance, so it’s nice to be a part of that process where you can be that guidance for those children.”
Volunteers are now giving back to the next generation of astronomers.
“Growing up doing astronomy, especially doing astronomy programs, as is typical there aren’t a lot of women,” says Evelyn Cunneen. “Since I’ve been a camper here, we have not had a female counselor on our Astro staff, so being able to come back to the program, our youngest girls program, they always have a lot of questions about space, and I just love seeing how excited they are.”
Springer’s favorite moment was teaching a young boy how to use a telescope.
“It was so satisfying just to be there in real time as that understanding grew of figuring out how to move the telescope, how to look through it, and just say, ‘Oh, I see something,” Spring says. “And asking, ‘What is it? What is it?’ and he said, ‘Ah, it’s a staircase that’s a little blurry,’ and I said, ‘Well, you can turn the focuser a little bit, you can figure it out,’ and he turns it and just that, ‘Oh yeah, there it goes!’ And so, you see the building of the understanding in real time.”
Astro Camp has been going on since the 60s during the first race to the moon.
Now that there’s a new space race going on, it’s no wonder Astro Camp is as popular as ever.
Copyright 2024 WNDU. All rights reserved.