The National Wrestling Alliance has announced that they will celebrate the 45th anniversary of the National title at NWA Shockwave. Current champion Mims will defend against an unnamed opponent. Shockwave happens on January 11 in the Dallas/Fort Worth area.
National Title Celebrates 45th Anniversary as Mims Defends Jan. 11 at ‘NWA SHockwave’
At NWA 76, “Big Strong” Mims scored the biggest victory of his career, winning the National Championship in a four-way elimination match.
On Jan. 11, 2025, Mims has an opportunity to further cement his place in National Wrestling Alliance history. He’ll defend the belt at NWA SHOCKWAVE, just one day shy of the title’s 1980 inception.
”Mims is on his way to a legendary and much talked about reign,” brags manager BLK Jeez. “His next step is in Dallas/Forth Worth!”
NWA legend-turned-manager Austin Idol became the first-ever National Heavyweight champion on Jan. 12, 1980. In the nearly 45 years since, countless Hall-of-Fame competitors have held the belt, affording the title one of the longest and richest lineages in pro wrestling history.
“The National Heavyweight Championship has been carried by some of the greatest our industry has seen,” admits Jeez.
Throughout the ‘80s, mega-stars the likes of Dusty Rhodes, Ted DiBiase, Buzz Sawyer, Tully Blanchard and Wahoo McDaniels competed for the iconic title in notoriously bloody encounters. Now at over 100 days with the strap, the reigning champion has already surpassed the championship tenures of these greats.
“Mims is a savage!” his manager continues. “From this point on, whenever you think or talk about the National Championship, you will respectfully mention the name of ‘Big Strong’ Mims. He’s unstoppable, bruh!”
As champion, Mims indeed stands beside a Who’s Who of the National Wrestling Alliance. The National title proved a springboard to the “Ten Pounds of Gold” for many.
Prior to winning “Sweet Charlotte,” Ron Garvin, Jax Dane, Trevor Murdoch, EC3 and reigning NWA World’s Heavyweight champion Thom Latimer all held “The Natty.” The belt was so prestigious, Jack Brisco, “Wildfire” Tommy Rich, Rhodes and Dane pursued it even after winning “The Big One.” 
Buy Tickets to ‘NWA Shockwave’ in the Dallas/Fort Worth Area
“Let’s think about all of the others that have held this championship in recent memory,” Jeez contends. “Murdoch…EC3… Latimer? Mims is more must see than all of them! Is that arrogant to say? Of course it is. It’s also true and a fact. The Church’s Money only speaks facts!”
At NWA SHOCKWAVE, Mims brings the title to The OC Theatre in Forney, TX. He’s slated to put it on the line against a yet-to-be-named opponent, opening the opportunity for a new champion to be crowned on the eve of its anniversary. No matter who the challenger, Jeez promises, not happening.
“The Professional Heater and ‘Big Strong’ Mims will remain in the winners circle on  the National Heavyweight title’s 45th Anniversary with a victory at NWA SHOCKWAVE!” Jeez vows.
“Mims is the blueprint for what success looks like in the NWA today,” he concludes. “With The Church’s Money in his corner,  he will continue to dominate as your National Heavyweight champion as he makes his way to becoming the face of the National Wrestling Alliance….Naamean!”
Also scheduled for NWA SHOCKWAVE is the kick-off of a tournament to crown a new No. 1 contender to the NWA World’s Championship. NWA World Tag Team Champions Knox & Murdoch defend against The SlimeBallz. Carson Drake puts the NWA World TV title on the line against Alex Misery and more.
Tickets for NWA SHOCKWAVE in the Dallas/Fort Worth Area are on sale now.

NWA, Joseph Lee 
Copyright © 2025 411mania.com, LLC. All rights reserved.Click here for our privacy policy. Please help us serve you better, fill out our survey.Use of this site signifies your agreement to our terms of use.