MORE information has been released about resurfacing works due to take place across the area. 


  Gloucestershire County Council says it is ‘steaming ahead’ with the second half of its annual resurfacing programme. 


  This year’s resurfacing programme runs from April 2024 from March 2025 and is supported by £100m investment spread over four years. 


  An extra £2.8m was allocated to the scheme this year from central government funds diverted from HS2.    


  The council says it is working through the list of roads marked for resurfacing below (subject to change): 


  Cllr Dom Morris, cabinet member for Highways and Flooding said: “We’re rolling out resurfacing of rural roads, as well roads in our towns and cities. 


  “We carry out resurfacing all-year-round, working day and night, at more than 150 sites across the county.


  "Improving your roads is a top priority for the council. 


  “That’s why we’re delivering a Highways transformation programme and we are working at full steam to create better journeys for everyone in Gloucestershire.” 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.