The following questions are about current Minnesota Vikings topics, answered by VikingsTerritory. Today is the April 2nd edition, addressed in a from-the-hip fashion. If you have questions, please email them to [email protected].
Also, please note: These are opinion-based responses. Some answers will be incorrect from time to time. But we’ll try to keep that to a minimum.
Answer: Why, yes. Drake Maye. 
We advocate for Minnesota to trade up the board with the New England Patriots for the draft pick that will net Maye. Last year, we called for the Vikings to do this with C.J. Stroud, but he was stuck in the No. 2 spot in the draft, and Houston wasn’t moving off the pick. 
Maye may not win the starting job right away in 2024 — read ahead to the next question — but he has every tool imaginable to succeed in the NFL. He also has the size. All of his perceived weaknesses are correctable through coaching. 
The guy will be good, and Minnesota should draft him. This draft endorsement from VikingsTerritory will not change in the next three weeks.
Answer: Sam Darnold.
Believe it or not, Kevin O’Connell’s offense is pretty complicated, making it tricky for a rookie — or anyone — to learn in a summer. Darnold has a better chance of doing that and, of course, has more experience. 
Too, Darnold was signed for a reason, and for better or worse, he will patch over the rookie quarterback in 2024. Some believe Darnold might even take off inside Minnesota’s system and conduct his own Baker Mayfield story this season. 
That wouldn’t surprise us one iota. 
The last time Sam Darnold started, he wasn't bad.QB Rankings | 2022,EPA + CPOE:(min. 125 att)1. Patrick Mahomes (.178)2. Tua Tagovailoa (.148)3. Jalen Hurts (.143)4. Josh Allen (.137)5. Sam Darnold (.128)6. Jimmy Garoppolo (.128)7. Joe Burrow (.126) pic.twitter.com/9lDTPcndNn
A: Yes.
Ivan Pace Jr. and Blake Cashman will start in 2024 — rightfully so — leaving Asamoah stuck with reservist duty. Remember, though, the Vikings’ linebacking corps isn’t incredibly deep at the moment. Asamoah would be one snap away from a starter’s job if injuries struck Pace Jr. or Cashman. 
As a rookie, Asamoah performed quite well in spots, but when 2023 rolled around, Pace Jr. was simply too good to keep off the field. It’s a good problem to have. 
Asamoah probably won’t be cut this summer or anything of the sort, but he will very much enter the season as ILB3.
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. He hosts a podcast with Bryant McKinnie, which airs every Wednesday with Raun Sawh and Sal Spice. His Vikings obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream, ‘The Sopranos,’ Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band).
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.