Method Man might be one of the most beloved rappers of all time, but he claims he hasn't made a cent off of streaming revenue.
In an interview with Wale Ogunleye, the 53-year-old rapper and actor was asked for his thoughts on the increased use of artificial intelligence and how that might impact artists of all mediums. "I'm still trying to figure out A.I., but I have seen some things that have made me raise an eyebrow," he replied. "The Drake diss with the 2Pac and Snoop, the fake Kendrick... It's a lot to it."
Beyond the issues with replicating a real person's voice and likeness, he said there are some other concerns, too. "I mean, I think it goes way deeper than that, especially when it comes to IPs [intellectual properties] for artists that came from my era, because, you know, honestly... I've never gotten a streaming check for any of my music," Meth says at around the 6:15 mark.
Without elaborating on why that might be the case, he said he's "still trying to figure it all out" when it comes to artificial intelligence. "There be someone who can make a perfect mix of the two, where, I'm not saying to accept it, but at least make art out of it," he said. "And that's what I'm always for. The creative part, the art of it."
Earlier in the interview, at around the 4:30 mark, the Wu-Tang Clan rapper was asked to give the music industry a grade and brought up the topic of streaming. "The music industry gets an F," he said. "Took them too long to adjust to streaming, to a point where they're drowning and fighting for trying to tread water right now. And, I don't think it's really working out. Because the way the industry, or rather, the way music is received, has changed so much that they either have to adjust or get the hell out of the way."
music | BY tara mahadevan
Method Man Explains Why Wu-Tang Clan's 'Once Upon a Time in Shaolin' Is Still an 'Uncomfortable Subject' for Them
music | BY Brad Callas
Method Man Claims He’ll ‘Never’ Perform at Summer Jam Again Due to ‘Generation Gap’
pop-culture | BY Brad Callas
Method Man Criticizes Anthony Mackie's Portrayal of 2Pac: 'I Ain't Like That Sh*t'
Despite his concerns with the music industry, he graded the current state of music as an art form an A. "As far as music as a whole, it's so many different genres that are crossing into other genres and artists are respecting [each] other," he said. "I just saw Sexyy Red at a country music concert, that right there says a lot."
Check out the full interview with Method Man up top.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.