e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
It has been nearly 50 years since Greenbrae activist Barbara Boxer won the Second District seat on the Marin Board of Supervisors, clinching the last wide-open race for the post since then.
On the March 5 ballot, there’s no incumbent, elected or appointed, in the primary election for a seat that’s been held by Supervisor Katie Rice since 2012.
Rice is retiring. The opening drew four strong candidates who offer voters a wide range of experience and political views.
The district covers the Ross Valley, stretching along Sir Francis Drake Boulevard, from Highway 101 to White’s Hill and much of the southwest side of San Rafael.
Each candidate has strengths to contribute to the job. The IJ editorial board has concluded that on the March 5 ballot, San Anselmo Town Councilman Brian Colbert offers the strongest resume.
The job and the county’s budget is much bigger and varied than running a small city or school district.
Joining Colbert on the ballot are former Kentfield School Board trustee Heather McPhail Sridharan, Ross Valley School Board trustee Ryan O’Neil and Larkspur Mayor Gabe Paulson.
Each has built an impressive list of endorsements.
There is no shoo-in for this race, and it wouldn’t be a surprise if March 5’s results lead to a November run-off between the top two vote-getters.
Soon after Rice announced her retirement, she backed Colbert to succeed her.
Colbert would bring to the job his professional experience in economic development and his nine years on the town council. He served on the county’s Economic Recovery Task Force that led the planning for businesses to re-open during the pandemic.
He’s also served on the Marin Transit District board. Since 2018, he has represented his town on the Transportation Authority of Marin.
That leadership experience provides him with a countywide perspective, in addition to his diligent work leading San Anselmo.
He showed his leadership skills in leading the successful campaign for the redesign and expansion of San Anselmo’s Creek Park.
Marin has had Black leaders serving on countywide boards in the past, but Colbert would be the first to be elected to the Marin Board of Supervisors, providing a diversity that’s long overdue.
O’Neil and McPhail Sridharan have the deepest Marin roots, having grown up in Marin.
O’Neil briefly served on the Fairfax Town Council and is a founding member of the Fairfax Open Space Committee.
O’Neil, a real estate professional, says he would be a change from the “same old leadership” and “them versus us” politics.
He supports San Anselmo’s Measure F, a move to take the town out of the flood control zone. He says it is time for new thinking on flood control strategy, noting that he believes it is unlikely Ross Valley voters would renew the 20-year tax that expires in 2027.
Colbert was the lone council vote against putting Measure F on March’s ballot. He’s called the measure “symbolic at best and potentially misleading to voters.”
McPhail Sridharan, part of a Marin family whose local roots date back to the 1880s, said she voted for the flood control tax, but also recognizes the public frustration over its cost and slow progress.
Paulson, who represents Larkspur on the flood zone board, says the plan needs “a reset.”
He predicts that Larkspur will pull out of the zone, if San Anselmo votes to do so.
Paulson has taken a deep dive in the county budget and sees room for cost-saving change. A Princeton-educated tech consultant who has worked in health care, Paulson said he would press for reorganizing the county’s Health and Human Services Department, where he sees unnecessary redundancy.
He would also steer more funding for senior programs, services aimed at Marin’s Latino population and fighting drug use among teens.
McPhail Sridharan was a proven leader on the Kentfield school board and worked as a business executive in corporate and public sectors.
Of the four, Colbert has the strongest resume of local and Marinwide leadership.
March election endorsements are being prepared now. Find them as they are published at marinij.com/opinion/endorsements.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group