MILWAUKEE –Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c. (Reinhart) is pleased to announce that eight new attorneys have joined its Milwaukee and Madison offices, further strengthening the firm’s key practice areas.
“We are excited to welcome this accomplished group of attorneys to our firm,” said Reinhart CEO Al Orr. “Their diverse backgrounds and shared commitment to excellence will allow us to provide ever more sophisticated and agile legal solutions for our clients’ most complex matters.”  
Jessica Biggott is a member of the firm’s Real Estate and Institutional Investor Services practices, where she addresses complex legal challenges, works to understand her clients’ needs and delivers thoughtful solutions. She has a strong commitment to sustainable development, which she applies to helping her clients achieve tangible, positive local impact and results. Additionally, she is actively engaged in initiatives aimed at advancing natural resource conservation. Biggott received her J.D., cum laude, with a concentration in Real Estate Law, from the University of Wisconsin Law School, where she was the Symposium Editor of the Wisconsin Law Review, and her B.A. from Cornell University.
Liam Conrad is a member of the firm’s Real Estate Practice. He is dedicated to assisting clients in navigating the complexities of real estate developments, ensuring they maximize available resources while adhering to regulatory requirements. Conrad received his J.D., with distinction, from the University of Iowa College of Law, where he was contributing editor and writer for the Iowa Law Review, and his B.A., magna cum laude, from Drake University.
Ambar Cornelio is a member of the firm’s Employee Benefits Practice, where she advises on retirement plans for Taft-Hartley multiemployer plans. She offers well-grounded counsel on matters such as qualified domestic relations orders as well as defined contribution pension plans and critical documents such as powers of attorney. Cornelio received her J.D. from the University of Wisconsin Law School (with a concentration in Labor and Employment Law), where she served as the Managing Editor of the Wisconsin Law Review, and her B.A. from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
William Dix is a member of the firm’s Corporate Law Practice, leveraging his business background and CPA experience to assist clients with a wide range of finance and business matters. He focuses on drafting agreements, reviewing documents, conducting due diligence and preparing various financial and government regulatory disclosures. Dix’s practice encompasses mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance agreements, note obligation agreements, debt obligations and equity provisions. He received his J.D., cum laude, from the University of Iowa College of Law, where he was the Editor-in-Chief for the Journal of Corporate Law, and his B.A., summa cum laude, from Wartburg College.
Teresa Rose Kulick is a member of the firm’s Employee Benefits Practice, where she brings a client-centered approach to her work with pension plans, multiemployer plans and other employee benefits matters. Kulik received her J.D., magna cum laude, from the University of Wisconsin Law School, and her B.A., summa cum laude, from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. She previously served as a law clerk in the Office of Gov. Tony Evers.
Jori LaRosa is a member of the firm’s Litigation Practice, who is well-versed in a broad range of legal matters, encompassing research, review and discovery support. LaRosa dedicates herself to understanding the nuances of each clients’ situation in order to provide her clients with optimum solutions. LaRosa received her J.D., cum laude, from Marquette University Law School, where she was a member of the Marquette Law Review and where she earned two CALI Awards. She earned her B.A., magna cum laude, from Marquette University. She previously worked as an intern for Wisconsin Supreme Court.
Grace Sinclair is a member of the firm’s Banking and Finance Practice, where she works with financial institutions and other clients in a variety of commercial transactions, including commercial lending and business reorganization, to deliver insightful solutions to a wide range of matters. She has a keen understanding of complex legal matters with experience assisting clients with transactions such as loans, bridge financing and structured financing arrangements. Sinclair received her J.D., cum laude, from Marquette University Law School and her B.A., summa cum laude, from the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater.
Sarah Verzal is a member of the firm’s Corporate Law Practice, where she dedicates herself to mergers and acquisitions due diligence as well as commercial contracting for a wide range of business clients. Her client-centric approach, coupled with her strong business background and diverse industry experience, equips her to provide insightful counsel to clients seeking legal guidance. Verzal received her J.D., cum laude, from the University of Wisconsin Law School and her B.B.A., summa cum laude, from St. Norbert College.
About Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c.
Reinhart is a full-service, business-oriented law firm with offices in Milwaukee, Madison, Waukesha and Wausau, Wisconsin; Chicago and Rockford, Illinois; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Denver, Colorado; and Phoenix, Arizona. With more than 200 lawyers, the firm serves clients throughout the United States and internationally with a combination of legal advice, industry understanding and superior client service.
For questions or assistance, please contact: Colin Schmies at schmies@wispolitics.com or 608-206-0476