Every once in a while, great food, great service, and great people come together. That's the only way I can describe the budding relationship between our Hy-Vee grocery stores and Iowa's own Caitlin Clark.
In 2021, following the NCAA's approval of a new name, image, and likeness (NIL) policy for student athletes, Clark secured her first major brand partnership with Hy-Vee. Expressing shared values of being the best, caring for others, and community engagement, Clark highlighted the perfect synergy between her and Hy-Vee.
This collaboration entails Clark's involvement in commercials, her role as a Grand Marshal for the 2023 Hy-Vee IndyCar Race Weekend, and her ambassadorship for Hy-Vee HyChi (that's where you could win BIG). Caitlin Clark, certainly has adjusted to the public spotlight, preaching adaptation and surrounding herself with people who understand and respect her situation.
In that vein, Hy-Vee also introduced an exclusive cereal, Caitlin’s Crunch Time, in collaboration with Clark and the Caitlin Clark Foundation. Available for a limited time in select Hy-Vee stores throughout Iowa, the cereal's proceeds will entirely support the Caitlin Clark Foundation's mission to enhance the lives of youth and communities through education, nutrition, and sport.
That being said, Caitlin Clark serves as an ambassador for HyChi as well, and has expressed her delight at seeing her cardboard standup at HyChi counters across the Midwest. Her go-to HyChi order includes the Asian Beef with Broccoli or Chicken Fried Rice.
In fact, if you order just like Caitlin at your local Hy-Vee it could score you $220,000 or some free egg drop soup.
Both prizes are great, but one would be infinitely better. It's all part of the Hy-Vee Fortune Frenzy. Basically, whenever you go in and order a meal at HyChi, your fortune cookie's fortune is going to feature a website where you can get registered to win prizes, and there is an in-store prize on the fortune as well. Actually, every HyChi fortune is a winner!
The Sweepstakes is open to legal residents of Iowa, Wisconsin, Nebraska, Missouri, Illinois, Kansas, South Dakota, and Minnesota, aged 18 or older at the time of entry. The Instant Win Promotion involves receiving Instant Win Pieces, obtained with the purchase of HyChi entrees or through a no-purchase mail-in entry. These pieces reveal instant prizes such as glazed donuts, Italian bread, cookies, and loads more. This contest runs now through April 7th of this year.
Gallery Credit: Steve Pulaski