Kendrick's scathing takedown has found its place in Drake's hometown.

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

ScHoolboy Q took a moment to revel at Kendrick Lamar’s Drake diss “Not Like Us” infusing life into a crowd in the rapper’s hometown of Toronto. 

	On Monday evening (July 29), DJ Scheme shared a clip on social media capturing the raucous scene, which saw concert-goers turning up to the viral hit as he playing the record.

	Captioning the video with the popular “Not Like Us” lyric, “Sometime U gotta PoP Out,” DJ Scheme’s post caught the eye of ScHoolboy Q, who reacted by expressing the humor and irony of the moment.

	“HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH,” the TDE artist wrote in response to DJ Scheme, who voiced his solidarity and allegiance to the Blue Lips creator, declaring, “Got u always OG.”

	DJ Scheme’s post comes on the heels of ScHoolboy Q being kept from performing in Toronto after his Blue Lips Tour stop in the city was abruptly cancelled.

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	The rapper seemingly attributed the nixed concert to Drake‘s power and influence in his hometown and bitter feelings for TDE artists amid Drake’s back-and-forth with Kendrick Lamar.

	“THey just cancelled my sHow in TORONTO,” he wrote on X (formerly Twitter) with a laughing emoji. “CANADIAN POLICE DONT WANT NOBODY FROM TDE PERFORMING.” 

	As for DJ Scheme, he’s been clear about his stance regarding Drake, who was at odds with Scheme’s late Members Only crewmate XXXTENTACION, who passed away in 2018. According to the spinner, Drake sent subliminal shots aimed at XXX and Members Only in the wake of the rapper’s death, thus placing him on bad terms with Scheme and others close to the Florida rapper.

	“My only issue is that after my brother died all Drake did was throw shots to look more gangster,” Scheme previously expressed on X. “So to wrap things up it’s still f**k Drake.” 

	See DJ Scheme’s X post and ScHoolboy Q’s reaction below.
Sometimes u gotta PoP Out ?History @ History ?‍↔️ pic.twitter.com/3UdhEFZ8Dy
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.