2025 Gophers quarterback commit Jackson Kollock (Laguna Beach, CA) exploded for six total touchdowns in his season debut against St. Margaret's on Friday night. Kollock reportedly completed 19 of 26 passes for 327 yards and three touchdowns, adding three more scores with his legs in a 52-13 victory.
Final: Laguna Beach 52, St. Margaret’s 13Jackson Kollock (below) completed 19-26 passes for 327 yards and 3 touchdowns. He also ran for 3 touchdowns. Luke Newman had 120 yards receiving with a TD for St. Margaret’s. @SoCalVarsity @SteveFryer @ocvarsityguy @latsondheimer pic.twitter.com/TghhXVpttw
The 6'3", 215-pound Kollock is listed as a four-star recruit and the 30th-ranked quarterback prospect in the class of 2025, per 247 Sports' composite rankings. He verbally committed to the Gophers in March over all kinds of west coast offers: Washington, Washington State, California, Colorado, San Diego State. He was originally committed to Washington before head coach Kalen DeBoer left to take the Alabama job.
If Kollock does end up signing with the Gophers, he'd become the second highest-rated quarterback recruit to join the program during the Fleck era, behind only Athan Kaliakmanis in the class of 2021. As a junior last year, he threw for 3,174 yards and 41 touchdowns, adding 8 rushing TDs. A QB prospect with size, arm strength, and athleticism, Kollock has all of the tools to be a big part of the Gophers' future.
As time expired in the first half, Jackson Kollock threw a 70-yard TD pass to Luke Jolley. No YAC either, 70 yards in the air. Laguna Beach 25, St. Margaret’s 7 at half @ocvarsity @socalvarsity @SteveFryer @ocvarsityguy @GregBiggins @jackson_kollock
New Hampshire transfer Max Brosmer will be Minnesota's starting QB this season, but he has just one year of eligibility. The other quarterbacks currently on the Gophers' roster are three-star 2024 recruit Drake Lindsey, Virginia Tech transfer Dylan Wittke (a three-star recruit in 2023), and preferred walk-ons Max Shikenjanski (Stillwater, MN) and Jeremiah Finaly.
The Gophers' 2024 season kicks off against North Carolina in less than a week.
Will Ragatz is a senior writer for Vikings On SI. He is a credentialed Minnesota Vikings beat reporter, covering the team extensively at practices, games and throughout the NFL draft and free agency period. Ragatz attended Northwestern University, where he studied at the prestigious Medill School of Journalism. During his time as a student, he covered Northwestern Wildcats football and basketball for SB Nation’s Inside NU, eventually serving as co-editor-in-chief in his junior year. In the fall of 2018, Will interned in Sports Illustrated’s newsroom in New York City, where he wrote articles on Major League Baseball, college football, and college basketball for SI.com.
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.