New England Patriots quarterback Jacoby Brissett (14) during an NFL football training camp, Friday, July 26, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. At rear is New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye (10). (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)AP
Jacoby Brissett took a heavy hit from Commanders edge rusher K.J. Henry in Sunday night’s preseason finale and was later listed as questionable with a right shoulder injury.
The veteran quarterback only played one series in New England’s 20-10 loss to Washington, but Patriots coach Jerod Mayo said that was the plan going into the game. Mayo added that Brissett would have been able to play through the injury if asked.
However, in fielding questions about Brissett’s shoulder, Mayo also offered a telling answer.
The coach has reiterated that there’s a competition between Brissett and No. 3 overall pick Drake Maye — he hasn’t named a Week 1 starter — but the veteran has been given the lion’s share of the starter’s reps this summer.
Following Sunday’s loss, Mayo was asked if Brissett was unavailable during a regular season game, would Maye be the one to replace him?
“I would like to sit here and say 100%,” Mayo said. “(Maye) is our second-best quarterback on our roster right now.”
Mayo then wouldn’t commit to playing Maye when asked a follow-up question, saying he needed to review Sunday night’s film.
Though they haven’t formally announced a starter, all signs point to Brissett. Mayo’s latest answer is in line with what offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt said earlier this week. When asked why Maye hasn’t gotten more first team reps this summer, Van Pelt’s answer was straightforward.
“Jacoby,” Van Pelt replied.
In that same interview on Thursday, he was asked if Maye could still start Week 1.
“I’m sure there’s a chance,” Van Pelt said. “But there’s still a process of how you bring a rookie quarterback along.
“That’s the hardest position in sports: Quarterback,” he added later. “Especially for a rookie guy coming in and not seeing all the defense they’re going to see in the NFL. It’s tough. It’s hard to transition in. It takes a little bit of time. So I think we’re going to be as patient as we can with that process.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices