Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 A huge new Costa Coffee shop is to open in Plymouth city centre - just metres away from existing outlets. The chain is to move into an empty two-storey retail unit just outside Drake Circus Shopping Centre. 
It will contain about 130 seats over the two floors in the former Go To Marketplace (GTMP) second hand clothing store, just outside the mall’s Old Town Street entrance, which closed after just six months in March 2023. Costa said its existing store on the corner of Old Town Street and New George Street would remain open, at least for now, even though it is just across the road from the new shop.
The Costa outlet in Armada Way, upgraded just last year, will also keep trading, as will the shop inside the mall, which “is due to undergo an exciting refurbishment this Autumn”. A Costa Coffee spokesperson said: “We are thrilled to be opening a new Costa Coffee store on Old Town Street in Plymouth, and look forward to welcoming the local community to the new two-floor store in September.”
READ NEXT
  Central Park branded a 'moonscape eyesore'  
  Drake's Island owner in talks over £22m redevelopment
Costa confirmed that “at the moment, none of our surrounding stores are due to close”. It means the new outlet will be the fourth in the city centre and the latest in an astonishing number of places where a Costa coffee can be bought in Plymouth.
 In January 2023, bosses at Plymouth Golf Centre opened a 40-seater  Costa Coffee  branch at the Haye Road, Elburton, venue. There is an outlet in Exeter Street’s Friary Retail Park, and others at Plymstock Broadway, three at Marsh Mills and one at Derriford Hospital and about 40 other locations where a cup of Costa brew can be enjoyed. 
Throughout the UK there were more than 14,500 Costa locations in 2023. The brand was launched in London in 1971 by brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa. The company posted a £243m profit in 2022 on the back of 21% year-on-year sales growth.
Click here to join PlymouthLive on WhatsApp and we'll send breaking news and top stories directly to your phone. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.