By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:07, 11 June 2024   |  Updated:  17:53, 11 June 2024   
 210
View  comments
Rapper Sexyy Red was arrested after a huge brawl broke out in a New Jersey airport on Saturday.
The musician, 26 - who cozied up to Drake last year - was captured on surveillance footage at Newark Liberty International Airport in the midst of a huge fight - with police telling TMZ she and her companions got into a fight with another group.
Video obtained by the publication shows Sexyy Red - real name Janae Wherry - enter the frame as a group of men are fighting on the floor.
The star picks up a metal stand and waves it around - it does not appear she made any contact with the group. She was then pulled away from the fight and fell to the floor. 
After airport security intervened Sexyy Red and a few others were arrested. 
Rapper Sexyy Red was arrested after a huge brawl broke out in a New Jersey airport on Saturday - pictured 2023
Sexyy Red appeared to break her silence on the incident on Sunday morning - sharing a clip saying: 'Good morning, I just got out.'
She also posted: 'To the people that was in that altercation at the airport, please DM me so I can replace yo phone!' 
The Port Authority told the publication the rapper was arrested for disorderly conduct while a couple others involved in the fight were booked on assault charges.
The alleged victims went to the hospital for minor injuries. 
DailyMail.com has contacted Sexyy Red's spokesman for comment.  
In July 2023 Drake sparked fresh rumors around his love life by posting a picture on Instagram cozied up to Sexyy Red.
His post with Sexyy Red was captioned: 'Just met my rightful wife.'
She has also been musically influenced by particular artists, citing Gucci Mane, Project Pat, and Juicy J.
Sexyy Red's songs are most notable for how her confidence and straight, to-the-point, manner of speaking come across.
Her first song, called Ah Thousand Jugs, came from a novel route of inspiration as it was a diss-track about her boyfriend who was cheating on her.
To her surprise he liked it and inspired her to record it properly in 2018.
The musician, 26 - who cozied up to Drake last year - was captured on surveillance footage at Newark Liberty International Airport in the midst of a huge fight - with police telling TMZ she and her companions got into a fight with another group - pictured 2023
The Port Authority told the publication the rapper was arrested for disorderly conduct while a couple others involved in the fight were booked on assault charges - pictured 2023
She also posted: 'To the people that was in that altercation at the airport, please DM me so I can replace yo phone!'
In July 2023 Drake sparked fresh rumours around his love life by posting a picture on Instagram cozied up to Sexyy Red 
But her biggest hit has come much more recently, with Pound Town in 2023.
The song's unapologetically vulgar lyrics drew attention from many in the industry including Anaconda singer Nicki Minaj.
Minaj agreed to jump on the track in a May 2023 remix, which would become Sexyy Red's first Billboard Hot 100 entry, peaking at number 66.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group