An alleged leak of Drake's diss track that takes shots that seemingly every rapper in the music industry appeared to have hit the net today. The feud began after Kendrick Lamar called out Drake on the song "Like That" on Future and Metro Boomin's album We Don't Trust You.
Earlier today, a snippet of Drake's purported track titled "Drop and Give Me 50" made its rounds on the internet and had fans questioning if the song was generated by AI or was actually produced by Drake. As the day went on, an updated version of the snippet surfaced online, suggesting that the initial snippet was part of an actual project from Drake.
One of the more notable lines in Drake's alleged diss track was him taking shots at Lamar's stature, specifically him reportedly wearing a men's 7 shoe size. Popular sneaker boutique RIF LA came to Lamar's defense by responding to Complex's Instagram post by confirming that he wears between a men's size 8.5 to 9 and not a men's size 7, as alleged by Drake. "Lol I've given Kdot dozens of free shoes and he's a size 8.5-9 mens. One time he squeezed into a 9.5 😂 Facts only," RIF LA said.
In addition to calling out Lamar, Drake also had bars for Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, and The Weeknd. At the time of writing, a formal release for Drake's rumored song has yet to be announced.
music | BY Zach Dionne
Kendrick Lamar Disses Drake and J. Cole on Future and Metro Boomin's Album: 'Motherf*ck the Big 3, N***a It's Just Big Me'
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Drake Posts Meme Teasing Everyone Waiting for Him to React to Disses From Kendrick Lamar, ASAP Rocky, and More
music | BY Jordan Rose
Every Rapper Potentially Feuding With Drake Right Now
Timberland
Timberland Premium 6-Inch Waterproof Boot - Black
PDF CHANNEL
STRADA // BLACK
Timberland
Timberland Premium 6-Inch Waterproof Boot - Wheat
FCTRY LAb
FCTRY LAb x NLE Choppa Duck Boot - BLACK
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.