Sports Betting
The byes are over, and with only four games left in the NFL regular season, Week 15 signals the start of the home stretch. The playoff picture is starting to come into focus, particularly in the AFC, and there are several games on tap with postseason implications.
It’s not in primetime, but the showdown between the Buffalo Bills and Detroit Lions could be a potential Super Bowl preview. The Lions enter this one tied for the league’s best record, and while the Bills’ seven-game winning streak ended last week, they are still a threat to win it all, especially if quarterback Josh Allen continues to put up MVP-worthy numbers.
Advertisement
Another big cross-conference matchup pits the Pittsburgh Steelers against the Philadelphia Eagles. These teams lead their respective divisions and don’t forget the added Keystone State bragging rights.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have surged to the top of the NFC South after winning three straight, and this week, they’ll head to the West Coast to play the Los Angeles Chargers. The Chargers are two games clear in the AFC wild-card chase but have just one victory against a team with a winning record. That came against the Denver Broncos, who, like the Chargers, are 8-5 and will look to do no worse than maintain their postseason positioning when they take on the Indianapolis Colts.
In the NFC, Sunday night’s meeting between the Green Bay Packers and Seattle Seahawks is a wild card round preview based on the current standings. The Seahawks lead the NFC West by a game over the Rams, who play the San Francisco 49ers to kick off Week 15 on Thursday night. The 49ers got a much-needed win last week but are facing an uphill climb to get back to the postseason.
The only other divisional matchup on the Week 15 docket is the Chicago Bears at the Minnesota Vikings. It’s the first game of a late-season Monday night doubleheader, alongside the Las Vegas Raiders hosting the Atlanta Falcons. The biggest favorite in Week 15 is the Baltimore Ravens, coming off their bye to take on the reeling New York Giants.
—Mark Ross
We have odds, previews, how to watch and expert picks for each game. But first, let’s review how our experts did last week.
Odds from BetMGM (U.S.) and Betfair (International) are updated live. Looking for NFL tickets? Find them here. For information on streaming, click here.
Free, daily NFL updates direct to your inbox.

Free, daily NFL updates direct to your inbox.
The NFL’s Week 15 slate kicks off on Thursday night with an absolutely massive game in the NFC West. The Los Angeles Rams need a win to keep pace in the playoff race (both in the division and the Wild Card), while a 49ers win would bring them even with the Rams in the standings. The 49ers are a small home favorite.
Advertisement
The Rams currently have the title of “team nobody wants to see in the playoffs,” given the way they have been playing in the second half of the season. They enter Thursday’s game having won six of their past eight games, including wins over Minnesota, Seattle and Buffalo.
Now that he has his top two wide receivers (Puka Nacua and Cooper Kupp) back in the lineup, Rams quarterback Matthew Stafford has been rolling the past four weeks, throwing for 1,041 yards, 10 touchdowns and zero interceptions during that stretch.
He is going to get a big test against a 49ers defense that enters the week allowing just 182 passing yards per game, the third-lowest total in football. Their 6.6 yards allowed per pass attempt is tied for the second-lowest total in the league.
The 49ers, meanwhile, are still trying to get by with an offense that has been crushed by injuries at the skill positions. Brandon Aiyuk, Christian McCaffrey and Jordan Mason are all out, putting added pressure on quarterback Brock Purdy to take control of the offense. The results have been mixed this season for him.
Neither team has had much success against the spread this season. The 49ers enter Thursday’s game 5-8 against the spread (but 4-3 at home), while the Rams are 6-7 against the spread (and 3-3 on the road).
—Adam Gretz
Coming off of a bye week, the Baltimore Ravens hit the road to face the struggling New York Giants. In the thick of the AFC playoff race, Baltimore gets back into the season against a reeling Giants team winless at home and in the middle of an eight-game losing streak. The Ravens are favored by more than two touchdowns in one of the most lopsided pregame lines of the NFL season.
Baltimore’s No. 1 offense beats opponents in a number of ways. Against a New York run defense susceptible to giving up chunks of yards (29th in rushing yards allowed per game), the Ravens Week 15 gameplan could lean heavily on Derrick Henry. Baltimore’s lead back only has one 100-yard effort over his last four games, and the Ravens could look to get their star rolling into the stretch run.
Advertisement
Since New York is stellar at getting to the quarterback (first in sacks per pass attempt), quarterback Lamar Jackson could also be required to make more plays on the ground as well.
The lowest-scoring offense in football, New York needs its sluggish passing offense (29th in passing yards per game) to make plays. The Giants are back to Tommy DeVito under center, with backup Drew Lock recovering from a heel injury following their Week 14 loss. DeVito is 3-4 as the Giants’ starter.
Baltimore’s secondary can allow big gains (26th in passing yards allowed per play), which should have DeVito targeting talented rookie wide receiver Malik Nabers. Nabers was a limited participant in Thursday’s practice, but is expected to play in Sunday’s matchup.
Rookie back Tyrone Tracy Jr. is averaging less than 40 yards per game in the last three games after multiple 100-yard outings earlier in the season.
—Scott Phillips

The New York Jets keep finding new ways to lose games. The Jacksonville Jaguars have been bottom-feeders all year. These 3-10 teams will play for self-esteem and draft position when they squabble up Sunday, with Aaron Rodgers’ team favored on the road.
First, a few green and teal linings to a pair of disastrous seasons. This Jets defense has held opponents under 100 rushing yards in every game since Halloween. Will McDonald IV has 10 sacks, good for fifth in the NFL, and Quinnen Williams still looks like one of the best interior pass rushers in the sport. Plus, Davante Adams caught touchdowns in back-to-back weeks.
The Jags are coming off a 10-6 win over Tennessee, and young talents on the roster are having strong seasons. Rookie Brian Thomas Jr. is on pace to surpass 1,000 receiving yards and has at least 76 receiving yards in each of his last three outings. Former No. 1 overall pick Travon Walker is closing in on his second straight season with double-digit sacks.
Advertisement
That’s about it. Jacksonville is 26th in scoring offense and 28th in scoring defense. Doug Pederson sits atop a perpetual hot seat. New York is 25th in points per game and has lost nine of its last 10. Robert Saleh was fired in early October, and GM Joe Douglas was out the door the following month.
This game does carry some weight, though. Both teams are in the mix for a top pick in the 2025 draft.
Rodgers is 3-1 in his career against the Jaguars. The point total opened at 40.5, the lowest mark of Week 15.
—Steven Louis Goldstein
It’s Week 15, and not only are the Washington Commanders in the playoff picture, but they are also sizeable road favorites for Sunday’s matchup with the New Orleans Saints. That shows how quickly things have turned around under first-year head coach Dan Quinn.
Washington (8-5) comes out of the bye with a one-game lead over the Los Angeles Rams for the final wild-card spot in the NFC. The Commanders can’t clinch a postseason spot this week, but a victory would ensure the franchise’s first winning season since 2016.
Quinn’s team also has the benefit of catching New Orleans (5-8) right after the team suffered another key injury. Already down their top two wide receivers and the versatile Taysom Hill, the Saints will be missing quarterback Derek Carr as well. Carr broke his non-throwing hand in last week’s win over the New York Giants and was placed in concussion protocol after the game.
Carr’s health concerns mean interim head coach Darren Rizzi will turn to Jake Haener, who has yet to start a game in the NFL. Fifth-round pick Spencer Rattler, who went 0-3 when Carr missed time earlier this season.
For Washington, the hope is that the bye gave rookie quarterback Jayden Daniels a chance to take a break and reset. After a red-hot start, the No. 2 overall pick’s numbers have leveled off somewhat, including throwing an interception in three straight games. He had just two in his first 10 career starts.
Advertisement
It may take a drive or two for Daniels and the offense to find their footing following the bye, but the Commanders should have success against a New Orleans defense that ranks 30th overall in total yards allowed. Daniels does need to be wary of the turnovers, though. The Saints have more interceptions (13) than touchdown passes allowed (12).
—Mark Ross

It seems the funeral plans for the Cincinnati Bengals’ season may have been premature. Somehow, despite a 1-4 start, Cincinnati still has a shot at the playoffs. The Bengals will need to be perfect the rest of the way, and that starts with living up to their role as favorites at Tennessee.
Thanks to a blunderous special teams play by Dallas, the Bengals got a free possession in “Monday Night Football” and quickly turned it into a long Ja’Marr Chase go-ahead touchdown. The miracle kept their postseason hopes on life support with a 5-8 record. Getting to face the hapless Titans offense should only make them healthier.
The Bengals defense is a sieve, allowing the second-most rushing yards over expected (275) and the fifth-most yards after contact (3.2). Their pass defense is worse, allowing the second-most passing touchdowns and recording the second-fewest sacks.
But playing the Titans can fix all that. Quarterback Will Levis has struggled mightily this season. The Titans rank 29th in passing yards per game and allow the highest pressure rate in the league, an astounding 41.5 percent of dropbacks. The ground game is a bit better, but Tennessee still ranks in the bottom 10 for yards over expected and has a rush success rate below 40 percent.
They’ve lived on explosive runs from Tony Pollard, but preventing those types of plays is one of the few things the Bengals do well. Nothing helps a bad defense like facing a dysfunctional offense.
Advertisement
Joe Burrow and Chase are on fire, giving the Bengals the No. 1 passing offense in the league (271.6 yards per game). The Bengals are the only NFL team with at least 30 passing touchdowns (33). But the Titans are one of the league’s best pass defenses, surrendering the fewest air yards per game and the sixth-fewest pass yards per play.
With Chase Brown as a backfield receiving threat and Tee Higgins as a second wideout option, the Bengals should be able to move the ball. If they can break through early and force the Titans to play catch-up through the air, the prospect of the postseason should shine a little brighter by week’s end.
—J.J. Bailey

Credit where it’s due: The Miami Dolphins refuse to go quietly. Tua Tagovailoa’s absence put them in a spiral, and by the time he and the team were back in sync, Miami sat at 2-6 and looked ready for an early offseason. But the Dolphins have endured and head to Houston as underdogs in Week 15, having clawed back to playoff bubble position.
Since his Oct. 27 return, Tagovailoa has been outstanding. He has posted five games with a passer rating over 100, three of them 124 or better. The 26-year-old is playing better than he did pre-concussion, leading the league in completion percentage (73.8) and never having less than a 70 percent completion rate despite 263 attempts over those seven games.
But it’s his quick release that’s killing defenses. Tagovailoa leads the NFL by a wide margin in time to throw, getting rid of the ball in 2.4 seconds on average. When he works fast, the Dolphins quarterback is in a class of his own. Tagovailoa leads everyone in EPA, EPA per dropback and yards per game on quick throws (under 2.5 seconds), and he attempts more of them than anyone else. Nearly 64 percent of all his attempts are quick-release, and they account for 63 percent of his yards and 10 of his 17 touchdowns.
When he’s fast, he’s deadly, and the Texans are particularly susceptible to Miami’s quick-hitter offense. The Texans allow 6.3 yards per play on quick throws and have allowed the third-most touchdowns (11). Worse, they allow the third-most yards after the catch over expected, and the Dolphins are a machine specifically built to do damage on catch-and-runs.
Advertisement
Houston pressures the quarterback the third most, but that won’t be as much of a factor if Tagovailoa can get rid of the ball quickly.
With this looking like a shootout, the Texans and C.J. Stroud are lucky they’re at home. The second-year quarterback’s passer rating is 20 points better in Houston. He’ll need the home-field boost because every game is nearly must-win for the Dolphins right now, and they’re playing like it, having won four of five.
—J.J. Bailey
The Kansas City Chiefs routinely reduce football fans to a Jesse Pinkman impression — wailing about how they “can’t keep getting away with this!” The defending Super Bowl champions are road favorites against the Cleveland Browns on Sunday. What they pull off this week is anyone’s guess.
The Chiefs are 12-1. Now, let’s remember the many dramatic, improbable ways they got here. Isaiah Likely’s toe was a half-inch out of bounds on opening night. A fourth-down penalty on the Bengals defense set up a walk-off 51-yard field goal in Week 2. There was the overtime win over the Bucs, directly followed by a game-winning blocked kick against the Broncos. Last Sunday gave us a new one — Matthew Wright booted the ball off the upright, and it found its way through on the deflection.
Like many good teams throughout the years, the Chiefs have been recipients of good fortune. Football Reference has their expected win-loss mark at 8-5. But Kansas City also bears the hallmarks of a steely squad built to win close games. They’re averaging the longest drives in the NFL, and they’re second in yards per carry allowed. The ground game gets a shot in the arm with Isiah Pacheco, who missed more than half the season with a fractured fibula. And All-Pro Chris Jones and ascendant Tershawn Wharton make for a dominant interior duo along the defensive line.
Cleveland is playing for pride. It is 3-10, 29th in points scored and 26th in points allowed. At least wideout Jerry Jeudy is surging for fantasy football playoff runs. He’s averaging 6.5 catches and 131.5 yards across his last four games, with three touchdowns. The Browns are tied with five other 3-10 teams for the second-worst record in the league. These final weeks will be crucial in determining their 2025 draft position.
—Steven Louis Goldstein
Advertisement
The Carolina Panthers are favored to win a football game for the first time in exactly two years on Sunday afternoon. They enter their Week 15 game against the Dallas Cowboys as a narrow home favorite, making it the first time since Week 15 of the 2022 season that they are actually the betting favorite to win. That ends a streak of 33 consecutive games as underdogs.
That’s probably the most exciting thing to say about a game between a 3-10 (Carolina) team and a 5-8 (Dallas) team whose playoff hopes are both essentially gone.
But it’s also not surprising that Carolina finally has a better outlook this week. For one, the Panthers have been playing significantly better football over the past month, even if they keep inventing new ways to lose. After winning back-to-back games against New Orleans and the Giants, they played Kansas City, Tampa Bay and Philadelphia all within one score, and were actually in a position to potentially win all three games late in the fourth quarter. They were just unable to finish the job each time.
Quarterback Bryce Young has been playing some of the best football of his young career since regaining his starting job, and while the numbers are not eye-popping, he has at least played efficient, turnover-free football that has given the Panthers a chance. Going against a Cowboys defense that has been one of the worst in football this season will be a big opportunity for him to put up strong numbers on Sunday.
Along with their dismal 5-8 overall record, the Cowboys are also just 4-9 against the spread this season, tied for the second-worst mark in the NFL.
—Adam Gretz

Just a few weeks ago, the Arizona Cardinals had it all in front of them. Coming out of the Week 11 bye, they were 6-4, atop the NFC West with a tiebreaker and had a chance to put Seattle away with two games in three weeks. Now they limp into a home game with the Patriots amid a three-game tumble, but as heavy favorites.
Arizona has been impossible to pin down week to week, at times looking like a buzzsaw offense with a brawling big brother of a defense, then disappearing on both fronts the very next game.
Seattle took control of the division by beating the Cardinals with authority in Weeks 12 and 14. In between, the Cardinals played Minnesota down to the wire, losing by one when Kyler Murray was intercepted on the final drive.
Advertisement
The 27-year-old is the team’s perfect avatar, eye-poppingly dynamic but also too easily derailed. He has played every type of game this season, and no predictive statistics have emerged, leaving the Cardinals and their dwindling playoff chances a mystery. The Patriots defense is a perfect litmus test, effectively a league-average unit that gives the Cardinals a wide-open playbook to work with.
But the New England offense is a sneaky threat to a team like Arizona, featuring an improving rookie quarterback who can also run and a mercurial running back capable of explosive plays. Drake Maye is the least-talked-about rookie in the class but is doing more with a ramshackle Patriots team than many expected. Despite no offensive line and a who’s who of “who?” at wide receiver, the No. 3 pick has made New England’s offense look functional — even capable — for stretches. Running back Rhamondre Stevenson has faded as the season progresses but can still force missed tackles and break big runs.
On paper, Arizona should get its playoff chase back on track with ease. But the 3-10 Patriots are playing for next season’s roster spots and there’s nothing more dangerous than young guys with nothing to lose.
—J.J. Bailey
Two playoff contenders offer an intriguing interconference matchup when the Los Angeles Chargers host the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The Chargers are positioned to make the postseason in the AFC but only own one victory against a team above .500 this season. Leaders of the NFC South in the midst of a three-game winning streak, Tampa Bay confronts its stiffest test during an easy stretch-run schedule. In one of the better matchups of Week 15, the Chargers are favored by a field goal.
Los Angeles is still figuring out its offense without injured lead back J.K. Dobbins. Since Dobbins was put on injured reserve after Week 12’s loss to Baltimore, the Chargers have let quarterback Justin Herbert take control of the offense.
The Herbert-dominated offense produced only 17 points per game and 31 total carries for non-quarterbacks over the last two games. With the Chargers’ backfield becoming a non-factor, Herbert’s weapons in the passing game are the focus.
Advertisement
Facing a Tampa Bay defense that was missing five players in Week 14, Herbert will get the green light to let it rip. Rookie wideout Ladd McConkey (questionable) is averaging 107 receiving yards per game the last three weeks as the new go-to receiver for Herbert.
To beat the Chargers, Buccaneers quarterback Baker Mayfield needs to take better care of the ball. Tampa Bay’s balanced top-10 offense gets stalled too often by Mayfield turnovers — including three in the first half of Week 14’s win over Las Vegas.
The health of running back Bucky Irving also remains a factor for Tampa Bay. Irving is expected to play, but Rachaad White could get a larger share of the backfield work against a Chargers run defense that is 22nd in rushing yards allowed per play.
—Scott Phillips

There’s a lot at stake in Week 15, but nothing looms larger than this potential Super Bowl preview. The 12-1 Detroit Lions welcome the 10-3 Buffalo Bills on Sunday, with the hosts favored by a narrow margin.
These teams have the best point differentials in the league — the Bills are a dominant plus-129, and the Lions are a downright silly plus-183. It’s a cool development for two of the sport’s most passionate and starved fan bases.
Detroit is first in points for and tied for second in points against. Buffalo has scored 30 or more in every game since mid-October, and tout the presumed MVP under center in Josh Allen. Last weekend, Allen made fantasy football history in Los Angeles — but his team lost, due to a few perplexing coaching decisions and a blocked punt returned for six.
Allen has been superbly disciplined this year, but Detroit’s Kerby Joseph leads the NFL with seven interceptions.
Buffalo’s offense gets well-deserved love, but its defense is great as well. Six Bills have multiple interceptions. Greg Rousseau is on the verge of setting his career-high in sacks, while A.J. Epenesa is on pace for his most quarterback hits. The Bills are perhaps weakest in run defense, where they are allowing 4.7 yards per carry.
Advertisement
Detroit loves running the ball. Its “Sonic and Knuckles” duo of David Montgomery and Jahmyr Gibbs has combined for 24 total touchdowns and almost 1,800 rushing yards.
This Lions defense is best in the league on third downs. But while Dan Campbell is known for rolling the dice, it’s the Bills that have this season’s best fourth-down conversion rate.
Sunday’s showdown has Game of the Year potential. Prepare accordingly.
—Steven Louis Goldstein
The Indianapolis Colts and Denver Broncos square off in a critical matchup that directly impacts the AFC wild-card race. The Broncos are slight home favorites.
Denver (8-5) has a two-game lead over Indianapolis (6-7) for the final wild card. A Broncos win not only widens the gap with the Colts but also improves their positioning for tiebreakers. Indianapolis does not want to fall further back with only three games left after this week.
Both teams are coming off their bye so they should be fairly healthy but may show some signs of the layoff. Denver enters with a three-game winning streak, but the defense hasn’t been as stingy in recent weeks. The Broncos gave up a season-high 552 yards (475 passing) in their 41-32 win over the Cleveland Browns.
The Colts’ Anthony Richardson has struggled all season while dealing with injuries. His 47.4 percent completion rate is the worst in the NFL among qualified passers, and his 64.3 passer rating is next to last. He’s averaging less than 170 passing yards per game and has thrown more interceptions (nine) than touchdowns (seven). Indianapolis needs Richardson to show progress as a passer, especially if Jonathan Taylor maintains his career-low 4.3 yards per carry.
For Denver, rookie Bo Nix has 273 or more passing yards in three straight games after reaching that threshold just once in his first 10 starts. This increased production can be tied to Courtland Sutton’s re-emergence as a reliable No. 1 wide receiver. Since going targetless in Week 7, Sutton has recorded 42 catches (on 57 targets) for 569 yards and three touchdowns over the last six games.
Advertisement
The Broncos are searching for consistency out of their backfield, so this burgeoning Nix-Sutton connection could be key for them down the stretch, especially if their defensive slide continues.
—Mark Ross
One of the top two games of the week in the NFL in Week 15 should be Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday. The Eagles are more than a field goal favorite, and both teams have potential clinching scenarios.
The Steelers can clinch a playoff spot in the AFC with a win or a tie while also taking one step closer to clinching the AFC North. The Eagles, meanwhile, could potentially clinch the NFC East with a win and a Washington Commanders loss to the New Orleans Saints.
The Eagles are still trying to get their passing game rolling. They are entering the week averaging just 180.5 passing yards per game, the second-lowest total in the NFL, ahead of only the New England Patriots. They are going to get a challenge against a tough Steelers defense that is one of the best at taking away the football.
Pittsburgh’s run defense has been a little vulnerable in recent weeks, and that could be an opening for another big game from Saquon Barkley as he continues to chase down Eric Dickerson’s single-season rushing record.
The Steelers are fighting some history in this game, having not won a game in Philadelphia since 1965. Chuck Noll never won there. Bill Cowher never won there. Mike Tomlin has not won there.
If they are going to snap that streak, they will likely have to do so without the services of No. 1 wide receiver George Pickens, who is out with a hamstring injury. The Steelers offense scored 27 points against Cleveland without Pickens a week ago as quarterback Russell Wilson continued to distribute the football around the offense. The Eagles, with one of the league’s best defenses, are going to present an entirely different set of challenges and significantly better competition.
Advertisement
The Eagles are 8-5 against the spread this season but only 1-4 at home. The Steelers are 10-3 against the spread (best in the NFL), including 5-2 on the road.
—Adam Gretz

Green Bay (9-4) visits Seattle (8-5) on Sunday night, with the hosts opening as field-goal underdogs. This could be a playoff preview, but the postseason outlook isn’t the same for the two teams.
The Packers are third in their division, but The Athletic’s NFL projection model gives them a 96 percent chance to make the playoffs. The Seahawks lead their division, yet their postseason chances are weighed at 59 percent. What a weird sport this is.
With a win Sunday, the Seahawks would be in a commanding spot atop the NFC West. In beating the Cardinals twice across three weeks, they polished up their divisional record, which could be the deciding factor amid a four-team logjam.
Seattle has unfurled one of this season’s most surprising and formidable defenses. The Seahawks have allowed 21 points or fewer in each week since their bye, averaging around three sacks and 1.5 turnovers in a four-game winning streak.
The Packers have put up 99 points over their last three outings. The Lions are the only team to beat Green Bay since September — and that was to the 11-2 Vikings. Josh Jacobs has taken on massive volume in his debut season with Green Bay, and he looks better with each temperature drop. Seattle will go to battle against one of the league’s stronger offensive lines, seventh in pass-block win rate with just four sacks allowed in their last six games.
The other side of the ball teases an interesting matchup as well. Green Bay has the third-most takeaways and Seattle loves to air it out. In a receiving corps with franchise cornerstones Tyler Lockett and DK Metcalf, Jaxon Smith-Njigba leads the Seahawks in targets, catches, yards and touchdowns. The Packers’ secondary is a bit bruised up, with Javon Bullard and Jaire Alexander out and Corey Ballentine questionable.
—Steven Louis Goldstein
Advertisement
The Minnesota Vikings haven’t lost a game since late October. The Chicago Bears haven’t won one since mid-October. These streaks will be in play when the NFC North rivals face each other in Week 15 in the first game of a late-season Monday night doubleheader. The Vikings are favored at home, where they have lost just once this season.
Minnesota (11-2) has rattled off six straight wins, including one in Chicago in Week 12. The free-falling Bears (4-9) lost that game by three points (30-27) in overtime, emblematic of one of their biggest failings this season. They have lost six games by six points or fewer, one of the contributing factors that led to Matt Eberflus’ dismissal.
Unfortunately, things only got worse for interim head coach Thomas Brown, who will try and pick up the pieces following last week’s 38-13 debacle against the San Francisco 49ers. That extended Chicago’s losing streak to seven, but what’s more discouraging is how lifeless the team looked. The Bears mustered just four yards of offense in the first half compared to the 49ers’ 319.
Caleb Williams continues to break franchise records as a rookie, but he’s also in danger of making the wrong kind of history. Williams has been sacked a league-high 56 times in 13 games, putting him on pace for 73. The single-season record for sacks taken is 76 by David Carr (in 16 games). The Vikings are fourth in the league with 40 sacks, including three of Williams in the first meeting.
Sam Darnold is tied for third this season with 40 sacks taken, but he’s also tied for third in touchdown passes with 28. He tossed a career-high five in last week’s 42-21 rout of the Atlanta Falcons. Chicago’s defense has been trending in the wrong direction in recent weeks, and Darnold lit this unit up for 330 passing yards and two scores a couple of weeks ago.
—Mark Ross

Life looked peachy for the Atlanta Falcons three weeks ago. With a two-game lead in the NFC South and the tiebreaker over Tampa Bay after a season sweep, the playoffs felt certain. But after dropping the division lead to the Buccaneers during a four-game losing streak, the heat is on the Falcons and quarterback Kirk Cousins to save their season when Atlanta travels to face the Las Vegas Raiders. Atlanta is favored by more than a field goal in the second matchup of Monday night’s doubleheader.
The downfall of Cousins accelerated Atlanta’s spiral into mediocrity. The veteran signal-caller hasn’t thrown a touchdown pass during Atlanta’s losing streak — the longest such drought of his career — while throwing eight of his league-high 15 interceptions over that span. If Cousins struggles to find a rhythm against one of the league’s worst teams, calls will grow louder for Atlanta to make a change to first-round pick Michael Penix Jr.
Advertisement
Regardless of Atlanta’s situation under center, running back Bijan Robinson should get plenty of touches. During Cousins’ struggles, Robinson has 20-plus carries in three of the last four games as he closes in on 1,000 yards for the season.
Keeping quarterbacks and running backs healthy remains an issue for Las Vegas, which is on an NFL-high nine-game losing streak. If Aidan O’Connell (questionable) is sidelined, third-string quarterback Desmond Ridder gets a revenge-game opportunity against the team he started for last season. The Raiders’ abysmal running back committee remains last in the NFL in yards per game.
Against a below-average Atlanta defense with the NFL’s fewest sacks, rookie tight end Brock Bowers will be the focal point for Las Vegas. Second in the NFL with 87 catches, Bowers surpassed Sam LaPorta’s single-season rookie tight end receptions record during Week 14.
—Scott Phillips
(Photo of Jared Goff: Nic Antaya / Getty Images)