Rapper PnB Rock was shot dead in September 2022
A father who sent his 17-year-old son to kill rapper PnB Rock has been sentenced to 31 years to life in prison.
PnB, real name Rakim Hasheem Allen, was shot dead in front of his girlfriend inside a Los Angeles restaurant by a masked gunman.
Freddie Trone, 42,  had denied ordering his teenage son to carry out the killing in September 2022, and his defence told a trial he was only an accessory after the crimes, according to The Associated Press, external.
But in August he was found guilty of murder, two counts of second-degree robbery and one count of conspiracy to commit robbery.
A second defendant, Tremont Jones, was convicted of two counts of second-degree robbery, and one count of conspiracy to commit robbery, and was sentenced to 12 years in prison.
In a statement, external released after Monday's sentencing, LA County District Attorney George Gascón said: "Today, justice has been served with the sentencing of two men for the tragic and senseless murder.
"His life was cut short by an act of violence that no family should have to endure."
Both sides agreed in court that Trone's son had walked into Roscoe’s Chicken & Waffles and shot the rapper before robbing him of jewellery.
Now 19, he was charged with murder but has not yet been found competent to stand trial.
Trone's legal team said he planned to appeal against his own sentence.
PnB Rock death: Girlfriend reveals late rapper saved her life
Man found guilty of sending 17-year-old son to kill rapper PnB Rock
PnB Rock: Rapper shot dead in LA waffle house
In an Instagram post shortly after PnB's death, his girlfriend Stephanie Sibounheuang said he had saved her life during the attack. 
"I'm not supposed to be here but [because] of him. I am," she wrote.
She described the traumatic aftermath of the shooting, not being able to ride with him in an ambulance and being forced out of the restaurant as police investigated.
"My world is dark now. My heart is broken for the kids," she wrote.
PnB was born in Philadelphia in 1991, and rose to fame with the release of his 2016 hit Selfish.
He had collaborated with artists including Ed Sheeran, going on to record two studio albums, Catch These Vibes and Trapstar Turnt PopStar.
He released his final song, Luv Me Again, just two days before the shooting.
Tributes flooded in after his death, from artists including Drake, who posted a photo of the two together on his Instagram story, and Nicki Minaj called PnB "a pleasure to work with".
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.
Australia PM Albanese makes stunning comeback with landslide win
Three things to know about the Australian election result
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
The songs that shaped Chappell Roan 
Your 'Couch to 5K' journey with Giovanna
Unmissable crime drama with Sean Bean
Bizarre crimes with brazen criminals
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.