Jim Harbaugh might not be the head coach at the University of Michigan anymore, but he is still hyping up J.J. McCarthy, the QB he won a College Football Playoff National Championship with.  
He went as far on Friday to suggest that when McCarthy starts getting around NFL teams, he will wow them so much it will convince them to make him the first quarterback off the board in the 2024 NFL Draft.
Harbaugh made that prediction while appearing on "The Herd with Colin Cowherd" and talked up his former starting quarterback.
Jim Harbaugh on J.J. McCarthy:"Don't be surprised if and when he's the number one QB off the board. That's my prediction right now." pic.twitter.com/58kGRBEt7W
That is certainly a bold claim, and given Harbaugh's situation, not an entirely surprising one. 
For one, McCarthy helped deliver a national title to Michigan and was an outstanding quarterback for him in the college ranks. 
Second, Harbaugh is in a position with the Los Angeles Chargers where he doesn't need to take a quarterback — Justin Herbert has that locked down — nor will he be in a position to potentially take the first quarterback off the board. So it is very easy for him to make such a claim to hype up his guy. 
McCarthy has a chance to be a first-round pick given his mobility, toughness and leadership. He can make a lot of throws you want to see from an NFL quarterback. But he is probably more of a player you select in the middle or end of the first round.
USC's Caleb Williams, North Carolina's Drake Maye and LSU's Jayden Daniels all figure to be the first three quarterbacks off the board, and potentially the first three players off the board. 
Adam Gretz is a freelance writer based in Pittsburgh. He covers the NHL, NFL, MLB and NBA. Baseball is his favorite sport -- he is nearly halfway through his goal of seeing a game in every MLB ballpark. Catch him on Twitter @AGretz
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!