Caleb Williams started Week 13 with a solid performance against the Detroit Lions.  The end of that Thanksgiving Day loss led to much discussion and eventually the firing of Chicago Bears head coach Matt Eberflus.  What’s in store for the other top rookie quarterbacks from the 2024 NFL Draft?
There will be some intriguing things to watch in Week 13.  Can Drake Maye get the offense rolling and save Jerod Mayo’s fate as head coach of the New England Patriots?
Can Jayden Daniels find his magic again and get the Washington Commanders back in the win column?
Can Bo Nix continue to grow and transcend the Denver Broncos as a legit playoff threat in the AFC?
Here are some bold predictions to go along with those questions in this Week 13 edition of NFL Rookie QB Musings.
Will this be the game the Patriots rookie really breaks out?  
In what has been an up and down season for the offense, Maye and the Patriots should be trending towards and up week following a blowout loss to the Miami Dolphins.  In that game, Maye threw for 222 yards despite the offensive line having a tough time containing Chop Robinson & company.  
With 282 yards passing in the previous game against the Rams, Maye seems due to have that 300-yard performance and what better way to do that than at home against a Colts team that is No. 27 against the pass, giving up 233.3 yards per game.
Look for a big day from the Patriots tight ends, Kendrick Bourne and rookie wide receiver Ja’Lynn Polk who will put together his best performance of the season.  
Daniels and the Commanders will be looking to end a 3-game losing streak on Sunday vs. the Titans.  In a game that will be highly competitive despite the Titans record, Daniels will need to have an effective game with his dual-threat ability.  He did throw for 275 yards and 2 touchdowns against the Cowboys in Week 12, but he may not have as much success against a tough Titans defense.  This is where he’ll create plays with his legs.  If he limits the turnovers, Daniels will have a solid game getting out the pocket and rushing for over 50 yards.
The threat of him running will create some throwing lanes, but eventually his ability to run outside the pocket will lead to a rushing touchdown that might end up being the difference in this slugfest.
Nix and the Broncos will keep rolling in Week 13.  In a matchup against the Cleveland Browns, Nix won’t have to light it up in the air, but his decision making will be key in this game.  
After winning back-to-back rookie of the week awards, Nix’s next challenge is to continue his growth as the leader of the Broncos’ offense.  He will throw for under 200 yards, but the ground attack and Nix’s precision in the pocket will be enough to score the Broncos another win.  He’ll throw for 2 touchdowns in the process as he’ll continue to impress in his rookie season in the NFL.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.