Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
SANTA CLARA – Patience must be exercised until the 49ers make their playoff debut on the Jan. 20-21 weekend. We can kill time by answering your questions sent via social media in the weekly mailbag:
Do you think Brock Purdy plays this week? (@PowerGoh)
He shouldn’t. Why jeopardize his health for the playoffs, when the scars are still fresh from last season’s NFC Championship exit? His nerve stingers in consecutive games last month have eased, but that left shoulder, and likely other body parts, could use the rest. The midseason bye got Purdy out of a funk, and more time off sounds like the smart play (or smart benching). If he plays, a first-quarter cameo would suffice. He has already set the 49ers’ single-season passing record, doing so on Sunday’s final pass (5-yard completion to George Kittle, for 4,280 total yards). Sam Darnold and maybe even Brandon Allen would benefit from the reps.
What are your biggest concerns going into the playoffs, other than health? (@webster_1422)
The 49ers have won the Super Bowl five times thanks in large part to dominant defenses, which were overlooked by the offensive brilliance of Joe Montana, Jerry Rice, Roger Craig, Steve Young and Bill Walsh. This season’s defense isn’t historically stringent, and far too many points and yards are flowing, coinciding with the absences of Arik Armstead and Talanoa Hufanga. Other concerns: rookie kicker Jake Moody’s postseason initiation, their punt return or coverage units, an officiating blunder, and perhaps overconfidence (see: after the 42-10 win over Dallas).
Is there any seriousness to CMC’s calf strain? (@arist_v)
I kept my binoculars on Christian McCaffrey as his right calf was treated on the sideline, and he looked eager to get back in the game to test it, only to have running backs coach Bobby Turner keep him at bay while Elijah Mitchell scored. Smart move. McCaffrey didn’t push through what he calls a “minor” issue, and, if you’re questioning his toughness, don’t. He hurt his oblique and/or ribs in Cleveland and didn’t miss a game. If the 49ers were in a must-win situation this Sunday, I’d bet he plays, but they’re not, so he’ll sit out rather than go for a touchdown trifecta like his 49ers starting debut against the Rams in 2021.
What are the chances Armstead plays in the playoffs? (@A_dogg86)
Once the lowest-seeded remaining NFC team arrives in town for the 49ers’ playoff opener, Armstead will have been off his feet (or at least a problematic foot) for nearly two months. Shanahan said Monday the plan is to further rest that foot in anticipation of a playoff return. A year ago, Armstead battled a similar issue in his other foot, along with an ankle injury, before resurfacing with two sacks in the playoffs.
What lessons do you think they have taken from the three experiences (in past playoffs under coach Kyle Shanahan)? (@KevinAMolina)
Can Kyle make a comeback if trailing in the fourth quarter? (@d_fl0)
Last season’s playoff exit in Philadelphia was immediately chalked up to Brock Purdy’s first-series elbow injury, so the lesson learned there (and the impetus for an NFL rule change) is to have three quarterbacks in uniform. The two previous playoff appearances ended with the 49ers blowing 10-point leads in the fourth quarter, by their 2019 team in the Super Bowl and by the ’21 team in the NFC title game in Los Angeles. For all the grief about being 0-38 when down by at least eight points in the fourth quarter, there should be more anxiety about holding a lead to grab the Lombardi Trophy.
Can the defense stop missing tackles? (@d_fl0)
Fred Warner was asked this on KNBR 680-AM by morning-show host Brian Murphy, and Warner replied: “Some missed tackles are valid. There are times where I’m leaving my feet on contact or not wrapping a guy up; super valid. There are other ones where I’m trying my hardest, I’m running from one side of the field to the other, I’m laying out to make a tackle for my team and I don’t make it, because I’m trying to de-cleat a guy and I happen to miss.
“I’m not overly concerned with that. Even though there are missed tackles, I’m still on track to break my career-high in tackles this upcoming game,” said Warner whose 124 tackles are 13 shy of his 2021 high. “It’s for sure something I have to improve on, but I’m always in the right position and have to make sure I’m being smart.”
Cam, thoughts on the 1984 Super Bowl champions, and how this may play out in 2024? It’s the first time since then the 49ers could win it all in the Pacific Time Zone, which is no small thing. (@Bigfella1911)
Yes, that 1984 team, arguably the 49ers’ best, claimed the franchise’s second Lombardi Trophy by playing at Stanford Stadium, just a couple miles from their then-training facility in Redwood City. This season’s Super Bowl would entail a Vegas roadie after two home playoff wins. “It’s definitely not nothing,” McCaffrey said of a local itinerary. “There were a lot of East Coast games (five) and a lot of flights. Having this rest now, and earning this rest, is great.”
How many Injured Reserve activations do the Niners have? I’m sure Ray-Ray McCloud will return but what about Danny Gray? (@Ninersmania99)
Teams are allowed eight activations off Injured Reserve. They’ve done that with cornerback Sam Womack and Robert Beal Jr. McCloud will have his three-week evaluation window open Wednesday, so he can reprise his role as their return specialist either Sunday or in the playoffs, depending on how his ribs have healed. Danny Gray is midway through his evaluation window, but it was noteworthy that they promoted wide receiver Tay Martin from the practice squad rather than summon Gray last game. Safety George Odum and defensive end Drake Jackson also are short-term IR candidates.
How bad is Ambry Thomas’ broken hand if he’s getting surgery Tuesday? (@matty__maff)
He played through it last game with a cast, and the expectations were that he could still play after surgery if the 49ers needed him as the No. 3 cornerback in the regular-season finale. Now the 49ers can use that game to get more looks for rookie Darrell Luter Jr., Isaiah Oliver and Womack in case they’re summoned in a playoff pinch.
Just a big THANK YOU for all that you do for us and sharing your experiences. It’s fantastic! (@robbiesonoma)
You’re WELCOME. My pleasure. These 49ers are a fun watch, which isn’t surprising when the latest chapter in the quarterback’s storybook career has him throwing for more yards in a season than any previous 49ers quarterback (and doing so in 16 games, rather than skewing the record book with the current 17-game schedule).
Are the 49ers going to the Super Bowl? (@3_flockles.2)
This year? Sure. If not, they’re going to have a hard time replicating this roster’s great girth and these playoffs’ seemingly simple path.
What’s the New Year’s resolution for the team going into the playoffs? (@romanfour0)
They must abide by a diet of one win at a time.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group