e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Last year, the Rams were a surprise playoff team, outperforming all outside expectations to make the playoffs. They won’t catch anyone sleeping in 2024, but can they keep the magic of last season’s run going and return to meaningful football in January?
A favorable schedule sets the Rams up for success, if they can grab it. Here’s a look at the 2024 schedule, with predictions for each game.
The highly-anticipated rematch of last year’s playoff game between these two teams gets the prime-time treatment. But the state of the Rams’ offensive line entering the opener, with the possibility of being down both starting tackles, makes it difficult to predict a different result. Prediction: Loss, 0-1.
The Cardinals are improved from a year ago, but still one of the youngest teams in the NFL after a 12-man draft class. Expect the more-veteran Rams to take advantage of this early-season matchup. Prediction: Win, 1-1.
The Rams finally broke the streak of regular-season losses to the 49ers in Week 18 last year, and they have a good chance to turn it into a winning streak if San Francisco tackle Trent Williams holds out of games in his search for a new contract. The Niners went 0-3 without Williams last season. Prediction: Win, 2-1.
A former No. 1 overall pick versus the new No. 1 will square off when Matthew Stafford faces former USC Heisman Trophy winner Caleb Williams in Chicago. This is the type of game that the Rams’ young pass rush could win against a shaky Bears offensive line. Prediction: Win, 3-1.
The Lions and 49ers have talented receiving corps, but the Packers’ is the deepest group the Rams will face before their Week 6 bye. The group of Christian Watson, Romeo Doubs, Jayden Reed and Dontayvion Wicks will pose a serious problem for the Rams’ secondary. Prediction: Loss, 3-2.
The Rams come off the bye to start a two-games-in-five-days stretch. Fortunately, the first game is against one of the worst teams in the NFL. Prediction: Win, 4-2.
The Rams will be in a crunched schedule in the first of two Thursday night games this season, but the Vikings will be relying on quarterback Sam Darnold, who completed 16 of 26 passes for 189 yards and a touchdown while with the 49ers last season against the Rams. Prediction: Win, 5-2.
This will be the Rams’ first taste of the Seahawks new defense under head coach Mike Macdonald, who has had success against the offenses of Sean McVay and Kyle Shanahan in the past. Prediction: Loss, 5-3.
Receivers Tyreek Hill and Jaylen Waddle are a handful for any team, but should be especially problematic for the thin Rams secondary. Prediction: Loss, 5-4.
Even on the road, this should be a reprieve game for the Rams in the midst of a stretch of tough matchups. The Patriots figure to be one of the worst teams in the NFL this season, and the offensive line is shaky enough that the team won’t start rookie QB Drake Maye. Prediction: Win, 6-4.
The Eagles were a mess at the end of last season, and if they can’t right the ship quickly this season, there’s no telling what changes have been made in Philadelphia by late November. Still, the Rams face a tall task against a defense that held them to 249 yards a year ago. Prediction: Loss, 6-5.
This is another team that’s hard to tell what it will look like at this point in the season. Is Derek Carr still the starting QB, or has rookie Spencer Rattler taken over the job? Either way, there’s a significant talent gap between these rosters. Prediction: Win, 7-5.
Josh Allen still reigns supreme at quarterback, but the Bills’ offense is lacking the firepower at receiver that it’s had in the past and is already dealing with injuries on the defense. If there’s been any cumulative effect in December, the Rams can take advantage. Prediction: Win, 8-5.
Can the Rams beat the 49ers twice in the same season? Seems unlikely. Prediction: Loss, 8-6.
Related Articles


			NFL draft: Rams get aggressive from a position of strength on Day 3		




			Rams trade up for Ole Miss LB Chris Paul Jr. in 5th round of NFL draft		




			Rams trade up for Ohio State DT Ty Hamilton in 5th round of NFL draft		




			Rams trade up for Auburn RB Jarquez Hunter in 4th round of NFL draft		




			Rams add to culture on 2nd day of NFL draft		


The Rams will be in a major push for a playoff spot in the final three games of the season, and last year proved that they are capable of putting everything together at the right time. Expect them to go on a run starting here against the Jets. Prediction: Win, 9-6.
The Cardinals might be a dangerous team to face late in the season, but if the Rams’ young pass rush is peaking at the right time of the year, they can make life difficult for Kyler Murray. Prediction: Win, 10-6.
Week 18 usually comes down to who needs the win more. Here’s guessing the Rams have more to play for to close the season than the Seahawks in Year 1 under a new coach. Prediction: Win, 11-6.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group