E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
The picture atop the 2024 NFL Draft is getting clearer less than three weeks out from the event.
The Bears are expected to take USC quarterback Caleb Williams first overall. And after LSU head coach Brian Kelly implied that the Commanders would take his former QB, Jayden Daniels, second overall, ESPN’s Adam Schefter said on his podcast he also expected that to be the pick.
That would leave the Patriots with UNC’s Drake Maye or Michigan’s J.J. McCarthy, barring a trade down.
So, what do we expect? Read on for this week’s mailbag.
Head coach Jerod Mayo said it would take a “bag” for the Patriots to trade the No. 3 overall pick. I would have to assume that would mean multiple first-round picks.
Ultimately, I’ve said this before, but it would be crazy to not take a quarterback with that pick, especially since de facto general manager Eliot Wolf’s role will be evaluated after the draft.
Not taking a quarterback with the third overall pick only creates more uncertainty for the team in the future. Take the quarterback and use the next two years to build around him. The Patriots are not set up to be competitive in 2024. But they can be in 2025 with a second-year QB at the helm.
As for Maye, Mayo talked up the UNC quarterback at the NFL Annual Meeting. Wolf isn’t tipping his hand on the quarterbacks, even within the front office. I learned that when I checked in on the rumors that Wolf likes McCarthy. So, if people within the building don’t know how Wolf feels on QBs, then it would surprise me a little bit if other GMs and executives were more in the loop.
I’d be more apt to give up draft picks — especially in the lower rounds — get more skilled players rather than selecting more players. This draft is top-loaded, and the lower rounds are apparently much weaker.
So, I wouldn’t hesitate to move up to get a guy that the Patriots are convicted on, even if it means giving up picks.
I think Daniels would be more ready to start than Maye or McCarthy given his age and experience.
Daniels, 23, started 55 career college games and attempted 1,438 passes between his time at Arizona State and LSU. Maye, 21, played in 30 career college games with 26 starts and attempted 952 passes. McCarthy, 21, has played in 40 career college games with 28 starts and attempted 713 passes.
I’d like it to be Week 1 of the 2025 season, but realistically, it would probably happen before that time.
It seems like it was mostly based on his perceived lack of athleticism, which made him be viewed as a scheme-specific guard. There was also absolutely no indication that he could be a tackle. He played more snaps at defensive tackle than at offensive tackle in college.
I would expect most spots to be filled by rookies. The Patriots have eight draft picks and have added as many as 19 undrafted free agents in one offseason (back in 2017).
But there could be some more veteran additions, as well, especially after the draft. There are still some quality players left in free agency. So, whatever needs the Patriots don’t fill in the draft could be addressed with vets.
Prepare as best as possible for the 2025 season. Keep players happy, improve morale, raise the grades in next year’s NFLPA report card and develop young players. Expectations should be low.
Patriots players like Bailey Zappe, but they’ll have no choice but to throw support around a rookie quarterback.
Ultimately, Zappe will likely be competing for the No. 3 QB spot with Nathan Rourke more than he’ll be competing with Jacoby Brissett or a rookie QB.
There’s a lot to like about South Carolina wide receiver Xavier Legette. He’s 6-foot-1, 221 pounds and ran a 4.39-second 40-yard dash. His 71-catch, 1,255-yard, seven-touchdown senior season was no joke.
I’d be a little bit nervous that it took him until the 2023 season, when he was 22 years old, to break out, however.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group