E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
July 29, 2021:
Garrett A. Johnson, 20, of Verona, was issued an appearance ticket for endangering the welfare of a child.
August 3, 2021:
Jolene E. Wheeler, 32, of Oneida, was issued appearance tickets for endangering the welfare of a child and no seatbelt (back seat passenger 4-6 y.o.a.)
Samantha M. Winn, 31, of Pocono Pines PA, was issued an appearance ticket for endangering the welfare of a child.
Tyler J. Cook, 23, of Oneida, was arrested for criminal sex act third-degree.  He was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
August 4, 2021:
Tori L. Guffey, 27, of Rome, was arrested on an arrest warrant for criminal possession of a forged instrument second-degree.
William C. Hall, 31, of Rome, was arrested on a bench warrant for failure to appear on the charge of intent/fraud to obtain transportation without pay.  He was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
Michael G. House, 37, of Canastota, was arrested on a bench warrant for failure to appear on the charge of criminal trespass second-degree.  He was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
August 5, 2021:
Isabella M. Drake, 24, of Oneida, was issued appearance tickets for speeding in zone and reckless driving.
Dean E. Northcutt, 35, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for a local law violation of unlicensed dog.
Mary E. Patricia, 68, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for a local law violation of unlicensed dog.
Alexia V. Decarolis, 19, of Canastota, was issued an appearance ticket for petit larceny and criminal possession of a controlled substance seventh-degree.
August 6, 2021:
Louise A. Kitchen, 67, of Vernon, was arrested for burglary third-degree and petit larceny.  She was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
Daniel Thorp, 38, of Florence, was issued appearance tickets for operating an uninspected motor vehicle and aggravated unlicensed operation third-degree.
Stefanie L. Boylan, 37, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for endangering the welfare of a child.  She was also arrested on a bench warrant for failure to appear on the charge of petit larceny.  She was arraigned in the City of Oneida court and released on her own recognizance.
Shane J. Thornton, 42, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for endangering the welfare of a child.
August 7, 2021:
Evamarie Torrellas, 55, of Oneida, was arrested on a bench warrant for failure to appear on the charges of reckless endangerment second-degree, criminal mischief fourth-degree and arson fifth-degree (intentional damage to property).  She was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
August 8, 2021:
Tyler C. Musacchio, 24, of Oneida, was issued a criminal summons for petit larceny.
August 9, 2021:
Gerald R. Popple, 64, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for a local law violation of unlicensed dog.
August 10, 2021:
Steven W. Mackay, 25, of Bernhards Bay, was arrested on a bench warrant for failure to appear on the charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance seventh-degree.  He was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
Andrew G. Bavo, 26, of Oneida, was issued appearance tickets for aggravated unlicensed operation third-degree, unlicensed operator and failure to keep right.
David L. Gallagher, 28, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for a local law violation of dog at large.
August 11, 2021:
Jared S. Jakubowski, 28, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for petit larceny.
Jonathan L. Washburn, 46, of Central Square, was arrested on a superior court arrest warrant for aggravated unlicensed operation first-degree and DWI.  He was transported to Madison County Jail for centralized arraignment.
Colin P. Chesebro, 19, of Oneida, was issued an appearance ticket for criminal trespass second-degree and petit larceny.
August 12, 2021:
Austin C. Mitchell, 25, of Blossvale, was issued appearance tickets for operating an uninspected motor vehicle and aggravated unlicensed operation third-degree.
August 15, 2021:
Harold E. Grome, 54, of Norwich, was issued an appearance ticket for petit larceny.
Zachery R. Baslow, 27, of Oneida, was issued appearance tickets for no seatbelt and aggravated unlicensed operation third-degree.
Noah C. Hawkins, 22, of Canastota, was issued an appearance ticket for petit larceny.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group