It’s been a minute.
Six long years after her 2018 tour, Jhené Aiko announced ‘The Magic Hour Tour’ that will send her and special guests Coi Leray, Tink, Umi and Kiana Ledé to arenas all over North America from June through August.
Along the way, the neo soul icon is set to swing into Newark’s Prudential Center on Saturday, June 29 and Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on Monday, July 1.
The 36-year-old “Sativa” songstress was scheduled to trek all over the U.S. and Canada in 2020 as part of her ‘Chilombo Tour’ in support of her album with the same name but had to cancel due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
While we can’t say what the former B2K backup singer will bring to the stage this time around — although we’d guess “Chilombo” cuts and her latest single will make the set list — we do know the best way to find out is live.
And if you want to be there to catch the six-time Grammy nominee live, you can grab tickets for all shows as soon as today.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 29, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.
On Aug. 5, 2023, Aiko headlined a one-off show at Ontario, CA’s Toyota Arena.
Here’s what she took to the stage that night, according to Set List FM.
“01.) “Limbo Limbo Limbo”02.) “Stay Ready (What a Life)”03.) “While We’re Young”04.) “Spotless Mind”05.) “Bed Peace”06.) “Mirrors”07.) “Sativa”08.) “P—- Fairy”09.) “Comfort Inn Ending (Freestyle)”10.) “The Worst”11.) “Oblivion (Creation)”12.) “Triggered (freestyle)”13.) “Trigger Protection Mantra”14.) “It’s a Vibe” (2 Chainz cover)15.) “Post to Be” (Omarion cover)16.) “From Time” (Drake cover)17.) “Beware”18.) “B.S.”19.) “W.A.Y.S.”20.) “Eternal Sunshine”
This year, Aiko released the single “Sun/Son.”
The dreamy three-minute track shows off Aiko’s flawless vocals over spaced out instrumentals.
If you want to hear for yourself, you can find “Sun/Son” here.
Aiko is pulling out all the stops for this summer tour.
To make sure you’re familiar with her opening acts, we’ve shared their most-streamed songs on Spotify below.
Coi Leray: “Baby Don’t Hurt Me”
Tink: “Treat Me Like Somebody”
Umi: “Remember Me”
Kiana Ledé: “EX”
It’s a great year to be an R&B fan.
Many of the biggest names around are hitting venues all over North America all year long.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Janet Jackson
• Keyshia Cole with Trey Songz
• Chris Brown
• Usher
• Xscape and SWV
Who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours of 2024 here to find out.