NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WSMV) - Metro Nashville police revealed five people who were involved in the mass shooting on Jefferson Street are allegedly affiliated with local gangs.
Police said they started shooting at each other shortly after 5 p.m. at the intersection of 27th Avenue North and Jefferson Street.
One of the five, 24-year-old Vonquae Johnson, was fatally hit and died at Vanderbilt University Medical Center after the shooting. Nine other people were injured after the shooting.
Two additional people among the five were also wounded and hospitalized.
Four of the five have criminal histories, MNPD said. One was convicted just six months ago on charges of robbery, felony possession of the drug ecstasy for resale and felony gun possession. He received a 10-year probated sentence in the Community Corrections Program.
Police said they will continue to develop information about those involved in the gunfire and build criminal cases against them.
“Our detective teams have advanced this investigation significantly since Saturday evening and continue to gather information on those involved,” Chief John Drake said. “The shooters obviously had no regard for human life and put a crowd of innocent persons, including children, in extreme danger. The entire criminal justice system must treat violent gun crime with the seriousness it demands with resulting incarceration for those convicted.”
Police also gave an update on the conditions of the other people wounded on Saturday. They said none were critical.
“Tennessee State University extends condolences and prayers to the victims and families impacted by the tragic shooting that occurred on Jefferson Street over the weekend. The loss of life and the injuries sustained by the other victims involved are truly heartbreaking. TSU reiterated to the campus community that the shooting did not occur at the university as reported by some local and national media outlets,” TSU said on Monday evening. “Our campus community, including most of our students, alumni, and visitors, was at Nissan Stadium attending the homecoming football game when the shooting occurred. The Tennessee State University Police Department (TSUPD) remained vigilant on campus during this time. They were on the scene promptly and worked closely with Metro Police to manage the situation and ensure the campus remained secure.”
Copyright 2024 WSMV. All rights reserved.