Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Nickelodeon alum Nancy Sullivan, known for playing the mom on Drake & Josh, voiced her support for her former co-stars after the Quiet on Set docuseries unveiled some shocking revelations about their time at the network.
Sullivan shared an old photo of Drake Bell on her social media with a touching message to the actor, who publicly came forward in the doc as the unnamed minor former Nickelodeon employee Brian Peck was arrested and imprisoned for abusing in 2004.
“They weren’t my real kids, but I’ll always love them,” Sullivan wrote in the caption. “It broke my heart into a million pieces to hear just how much Drake was holding inside while we were working together. I was both devastated and proud seeing the man he’s grown into sit down on camera and bravely tell his truth.”
Her statement continued, “Past abuse doesn’t define us, and it has no right to rule our lives, I know that putting this burden down will free him in so many ways. I hope memories of the joy he had on our shows will someday greatly overshadow the pain.”
She concluded her message by writing, “Sending love to Drake for a deep healing and for a rich and beautiful life ahead.”
A post shared by Nancy Sullivan (@thenancysullivan)
Sullivan is the first Drake & Josh star to publicly come forward in support of Bell since the premiere of the highly talked about docuseries. One day after her statement, Drake & Josh alum Josh Peck also voiced his support for Bell on Instagram. 
Earlier this week, fans had begun criticizing Josh — who has no relation to Brian Peck — for not taking a public stance in light of the numerous allegations raised in Quiet on Set. But Bell revealed on social media that the actor had privately gotten in touch with him. 
“I just want to clear something up. I’ve noticed a lot of comments on on some of Josh’s TikToks and some of his posts,” Bell said in a video shared on TikTok. “I just want to let you guys know that this is really, you know, processing this and going through this is a really, emotional time and a lot of it’s very, very difficult. So not everything is put out to the public.”
Bell added, “But I just want you guys to know that he has reached out to me and it’s been very sensitive. But he has reached out to to talk with me and help me work through this. And has been really, really great. So just wanted to let you guys know that and to take it a little easy on it.”
If you or someone you know needs to reach out about sexual abuse or assault, RAINN is available 24/7 at 800-656-HOPE (4673), or online at RAINN.org.

This story has been shared 3,803 times.
3,803


This story has been shared 2,551 times.
2,551


This story has been shared 1,198 times.
1,198


This story has been shared 791 times.
791


This story has been shared 626 times.
626


This story has been shared 577 times.
577


This story has been shared 527 times.
527


This story has been shared 499 times.
499


This story has been shared 361 times.
361


This story has been shared 349 times.
349


This story has been shared 344 times.
344


This story has been shared 280 times.
280


This story has been shared 273 times.
273


This story has been shared 247 times.
247


This story has been shared 241 times.
241