Jacksonville Jaguars safety Andre Cisco (5) deflects a pass intended for New England Patriots wide receiver Ja'Lynn Polk (1) during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Oct. 20, 2024, in London. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)AP
Rookie wide receiver Ja’Lynn Polk continues to post cryptic social media posts following tough performances.
Meanwhile, K.J. Osborn doesn’t appear to be happy with his playing time, based on a retweet of a message from an agent.
How does Jerod Mayo feel about players voicing frustration on social media?
The Patriots coach was asked about that during his Zoom call with the media Monday, as well as his weekly appearance on WEEI’s The Greg Hill Show.
With respect to Osborn, who caught a touchdown pass in Sunday’s 32-16 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars, Mayo acknowledged the receiver is likely unhappy based on his usage.
“I’m not sure what the exact situation is. He’s probably frustrated because he’s not playing as much as he wants to. I understand that,” Mayo said during his video call with reporters. “If you think you should be out there on the field and not having those opportunities, you will get frustrated. It’s a natural human reaction.”
That being said, Mayo would prefer players talk to him, instead of venting on social media.
“I would hope that they would keep that stuff in-house, and I have that open door policy,” he said. “If he feels a certain type of way, he always has the ability to speak to me, but that’s those guys’ freedom of speech.”
As for Polk, the rookie’s problems continued in London.
The past two games, Drake Maye has only connected with Polk once on eight targeted throws. Between drops, slips on two-point conversations, Polk has struggled.
The Patriots second-round draft pick put up a post with a peace sign that was later delated.
“I’ve not spoken to him about that,” Mayo said with respect to Polk’s social media post. “I don’t question his devotion to the team.”
The wideout left the game in the fourth quarter with a head injury, according to the Patriots and wasn’t spotted in the visitors’ locker room postgame. Last week, Mayo had called out Polk, saying he needed to get over a few mental hurdles related to his drops.
Polk, however, shot back in an interview with MassLive.
“I’m not dealing with [any] mental problems at all. No mental problems,” Polk said. “I believe I have the best hands in the league. So, I feel like my drops, that’s not an issue at all.”
Mayo said if that’s how Polk feels, if he says he has the best hands in the league, it’s on him to prove it.
“Ja’Lynn right now is frustrated,” Mayo said on WEEI. “He’s not playing at the level he’d like to play. Again, he has to go through the fire ... you got to get through adversity before you end up being a good player. No matter what player you’re talking about, they’ve had runs like that in their career. If you talk about the greatest of all time in Tom Brady, he’s had runs where it just didn’t go right.
“This is part of the process. Going through adversity and pushing through.”
Bottom line, Mayo feels there’s one thing that will quiet the backlash on social media.
“Everything will be solved with a win,” he said. “That’s how I look at it. If you want to go out and say I’m the best corner in the league, I’m the best receiver, alright, you said it, now you gotta prove it every single week.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices