The following questions are about current Minnesota Vikings topics, answered by VikingsTerritory. Today is the April 9th edition, addressed in a from-the-hip fashion. If you have questions, please email them to [email protected].
Also, please note: These are opinion-based responses. Some answers will be incorrect from time to time. But we’ll try to keep that to a minimum.
Answer: We don’t think they’ll include a player in a trade up the draftboard, but if they must, we’d say Brian O’Neill. 
Trades involving Lewis Cine and Andrew Booth, for example, are possible, but those men likely wouldn’t be the selling point of a 1st-Round trade. However, if some team — like the New England Patriots — needs a right tackle, attaching O’Neill might be doable to finalize a trade. The Vikings don’t really gain any financial freedom by offloading O’Neill, so this should be considered “break in case of emergency.”
We believe Minnesota’s trade up the board will involve draft picks — and picks only. 
Answer: He’s an analyst now who has apparently mastered the art of hot takes. 
Spielman is trying to illuminate the stakes of this draft and explain how other teams might gouge Minnesota. He may not be wrong. We don’t believe the Vikings will trade Justin Jefferson, but Spielman was the man who oversaw trades involving Percy Harvin and Stefon Diggs. He knows the value. 
The man also said Minnesota’s trade on draft night could cost three 1st-Rounders, and that’s just wild. Let’s hope he’s wrong. 
The short answer is that Spielman is now paid to advance analysis and offseason talkers. He’s doing precisely that at The 33rd Team and on various podcasts. 
A: No. 
This is just diligence. General manager Kwesi Adofo-Mensah must be prepared for everything in this draft, including striking out on a trade for a rookie quarterback. For instance, if Caleb Williams, Jayden Daniels, Drake Maye, and J.J. McCarthy flew off the board before Minnesota even picked, and Adofo-Mensah told his staff, “Crap, we didn’t scout anybody else,” that would be a fireable offense.
Hosting Top 30 visits with an array of players is just the way it goes. 
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. He hosts a podcast with Bryant McKinnie, which airs every Wednesday with Raun Sawh and Sal Spice. His Vikings obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream, ‘The Sopranos,’ Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band).
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.