By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:17, 27 September 2024   |  Updated:  13:47, 27 September 2024   
 50
View  comments
Jeremy Allen White has enjoyed a number of romances since splitting from his ex-wife Addison Timlin a little over a year ago.
The actor, 33, debuted his latest love interest this week, as he was seen sharing a steamy kiss with The Bear co-star Molly Gordon.
The passionate display confirmed the end of the Calvin Klein models' year-long relationship with Spanish singer Rosalia, 32. 
The father-of-two looked smitten with Gordon, 29, who played his character Carmy Berzatto's love interest Claire Dunlap in seasons two and three, as he passionately kissed her by her car. 
As he embarks on a new chapter of his love life, DailyMail.com takes a look back at his wild dating life.
Jeremy Allen White, 33, debuted his latest love interest this week, as he was seen sharing a steamy kiss with The Bear co-star Molly Gordon, 29
Before his new romance with Molly, Allen White was in a relationship with Spanish singer Rosalia, 32, and the pair have not publicly announced a split; seen in July 
Emma Greenwell: 2011 — 2013 
In 2011 while he starred as Lip on Shameless, he began dating his on-screen love interest, Emma Greenwell, 35.
Emma starred as Mandy on the gritty comedy-drama series. 
While they generally kept their relationship private, they did make public appearances together at several red carpet events.
The reason for their breakup remains unclear.
The couple's public appearances and social media posts dwindled in 2013, suggesting the end of their romance.
However, they never confirmed a breakup.
In 2011 while he starred as Lip on Shameless, he began dating his on-screen love interest, Emma Greenwell, 35. They are rumored to have split sometime in 2013; they are seen in 2011
Addison Timlin: 2013 — 2023
Jeremy met and ex-wife Addison, 33, when they were teenagers filming 2008 mystery thriller film Afterschool together.
A few years later in 2013, Timlin hinted their platonic relationship had recently taken a romantic turn.
'We have a nice foundation from being friends for a long period of time, and then it took a hard right turn into romance,' she told Harper's Bazaar.
In October 2018, the pair welcomed their first child Ezer, five, together.
The following year, they tied the knot before welcoming their daughter Dolores, three, in December 2020.
In May 2023, it was reported that Timlin had filed for divorce after three years of marriage.
After the news broke, she took to her Instagram to express her feelings about being a single mother of two kids.
'Being a single mom is not how I pictured it,' she wrote in the caption for a series of photos with Ezer and Dolores. 'It is so f***ing hard,' she said. 'It is all out covered in s*** crying on the floor kicking you in the shins screaming with no sound coming out hard. It's not the natural order of things.'
Jeremy met and ex-wife Addison Timlin, 33, when they were teenagers filming 2008 mystery thriller film Afterschool together; seen in 2023
In October 2018, the pair welcomed their first child Ezer, five, together. The following year, they tied the knot before welcoming their daughter Dolores, three, in December 2020
She added that single parenting can be 'exhausting' and 'lonely' especially when 'something magical happens and you have to tell yourself 'don't forget this' because there's no witness by your side.'
She continued: 'It's so painful. Doing it alone has given me more strength and more empathy and more tears than anything else in my life ever has.'
Despite the hardships of single parenting, the former couple have put on a solid effort in co-parenting as they've put on a united front and have often been spotted out and about with the kids.
In October 2023, White agreed to several stipulations in his custody agreement with Timlin over their two young daughters.
In order to spend time with their children, he agreed to daily alcohol testing as revealed by court documents obtained by TMZ.
In May 2023, it was reported that Timlin had filed for divorce after three years of marriage. After the news broke, she took to her Instagram to express her feelings about being a single mother of two kids
'Being a single mom is not how I pictured it,' she wrote in the caption for a series of photos with Ezer and Dolores. 'It is so f***ing hard,' she said
Per the terms, the Golden Globe winner will be tested when their daughters are under his care, and should alcohol be detected in his system, a retest will occur 15 minutes later.
If the retest is positive, the actor's custodial rights to the children will be revoked until further actions are decided.
The custody arrangement also requires him to attend no less than 'two alcoholics anonymous ("AA") meetings each week', along with other therapy, per the court documents. 
Ashley Moore: August 2023
In August of 2023 he was linked to model Ashley Moore, 31. 
That month they were seen passionately kissing in Los Angeles, in footage obtained by TMZ, only three months after his estranged wife, Addison, filed for divorce. 
Later they were spotted enjoying a lunch outing in the Los Feliz neighborhood. 
The star sipped on a canned drink while the model energized herself with an iced coffee. 
The pair were seen holding light-hearted conversations and also smoked a few cigarettes during the afternoon walk. 
In August of 2023 he was linked to model Ashley Moore, 31, only three months after his estranged wife, Addison, filed for divorce; they are seen on a hike in September
In September they were seen going on a romantic stroll together, with the actor sporting a white tank top with black joggers and a tan ball cap covering his curly hair as he walked and had an animated conversation with the actress/model. 
Ashley is a model and actress who worked on the 2021 TV series I Know What You Did Last Summer.
She was also in 2016's Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping.
She has several upcoming projects including Festival of the Living Dead and Rule of Thirds, according to her IMDB profile.
Ashley has also appeared in several music videos, including Kygo's Not OK and Drake's Hold On, We're Going Home.
Rosalía: 2023 — 2024
Before his new romance with Molly, Allen White was in a relationship with singer Rosalia.
They were first seen together in October 2023. 
The couple enjoyed a romantic dinner at Sushi Park in Los Angeles in December, wearing matching black looks.
In January they were seen kissing on a hike in Los Angeles.
The actor and Rosalia were first seen together in October 2023. At the time a source told Us Weekly: 'They started out as just friends, but things have turned romantic recently'; she is seen in 2022
The PDA came after weeks of sightings of them smooching in parking lots and holding hands on trips to their local farmer's market.
Their last sighting was in July 2024, when they were seen looking loved-up as they left an event for his hit show The Bear in Los Angeles.
Their romance came following Allen White's divorce and Rosalía's split — and the end of her engagement — from Rauw Alejandro in July 2023. 
At the time a source told Us Weekly: 'They started out as just friends, but things have turned romantic recently.' 
The duo have not publicly announced a split.  
Molly Gordon: September 2024
Allen White and Gordon debuted their romance with a kiss this week.
The duo were pictured wrapping their arms around one another as they said an emotional farewell at the car.
They hugged before a chivalrous Allen White opened the door for her.
The actor wore a yellow shirt, jeans and a baseball cap for the casual outing as he clutched onto two packs of cigarettes.
Allen White and Gordon debuted their romance with a kiss this week. The duo were pictured wrapping their arms around one another as they said an emotional farewell at the car
They hugged before a chivalrous Allen White opened the door for her
The pair played onscreen love interests in The Bear as Carmy and Claire
The pair were seen posing at the 2024 SAG Awards in February
Molly donned a pink jacket and cream slacks as she bid farewell to him.
Molly's character Claire was Carmy's childhood sweetheart with the pair reconnecting in the second season of the show.
They begin dating but their romance abruptly ends with Carmy has a breakdown while locked in the walk-in ahead of his restaurant opening.
After hearing his true feelings about their relationship from outside the door, Claire leaves Carmy and only appears in flashbacks in the third season.
Allen White was seen on the red carpet of the 2024 SAG Awards with Molly as the pair posed with their Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series awards.
The third season of Jeremy's hit series The Bear premiered on June 27. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group