Lil Wayne performs during Lil Weezyana Fest on Saturday, Oct. 29, 2022, in New Orleans.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Lil Wayne will perform at the MVP Arena in Albany, New York, on Friday, October 11. The concert starts at 7 p.m., with special guests Kid Laroi and Selfish Sons supporting.
Tickets are available for purchase online through Ticketmaster and secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with a buyer’s guarantee. Prices start at $91.05.
A complete list of Lil Wayne’s tour dates is available here.
With a career spanning over two decades, Lil Wayne gained fame as a member of the Hot Boys and achieved massive success as a solo artist with albums like “Tha Carter III,” which features hits like “Lollipop.” 
Known for his influence on the genre and his record label Young Money Entertainment, which launched the careers of artists like Drake and Nicki Minaj, Lil Wayne is often regarded as one of the greatest hip-hop artists of all time.
He’s best known for hits like “A Milli,” “Got Money,” “Stuntin’ Like My Daddy,” “Right Above It,” “6 Foot 7 Foot,” “Love Me” and “Uproar.” You can listen to his extensive discography on Apple Music.
The Kid Laroi, an Australian rapper and singer, is best best known for the hit song “Stay,” featuring Justin Bieber. The Grammy-nominated artist’s other releases include “Nigts Like This,” “Without You” (with Miley Cyrus), “Go” (feat. Juice Wrld), “Too Much” (with Jung Kook and Central Cee), and “Love Again.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices