Jim Harbaugh speaks during a press conference introducing him as the new head coach of the Los Angeles Chargers NFL football team, Thursday, Feb. 1, 2024, in Inglewood, Calif. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)AP
ORLANDO, Fla. -- Jim Harbaugh marches to the beat of his own drum. That was true throughout his quirky and highly successful run at Michigan, and has remained so since making the jump back to the NFL. The man didn’t even bother to show up at the combine press conferences with the rest of his peers. On Monday morning, he was the only AFC head coach who didn’t show up on time for breakfast with reporters.
A few minutes after the session began, Harbaugh strolled into the ballroom at the Ritz-Carlton Grande Lakes Hotel, a plush resort here in Orlando. He found his seat between Las Vegas’ Antonio Pierce and Jacksonville’s Doug Pederson, sat down a cup of spent chewing tobacco in front of him, and finally faced the NFL media that he has held off for weeks.
Turns out, he’s spent those weeks living in an RV.
Beat of his own drum, indeed.
“It’s been great,” Harbaugh said. “Just being myself. I always wanted to do that (and live in an RV). It worked out great. I’m 100 feet from Greg Roman, who has a really, really good RV.”
So, coach, you’re saying he’s got it better than you?
“In the RV world,” Harbaugh said. “I’m not as fancy. My Ford Motorcoach hits me just right. It’s been awesome. Yeah, it’s been really good. I go back there, it’s a good time to think. It’s just been great.”
Harbaugh first dropped the RV idea when he was hired by the Los Angeles Chargers in January, saying he wanted to live in a trailer park down by the water, or near Disneyland. His brother-in-law helped make that dream a reality, driving the RV to Southern California this winter.
“Now that’s coming to an end -- happily coming to an end -- because my family is coming to California,” Harbaugh said. “They’re all here on this trip, and we’re all going to California together. We’ll be moving into our rental house, and that’s even better.”
Harbaugh is a former Michigan quarterback who spent the last nine years restoring his alma mater to glory. The Wolverines finally reached the summit this past season, taking out Alabama in the semifinals -- and retiring Nick Saban in the process -- before topping Washington in the national championship game.
After years of flirting with a return to the NFL, Harbaugh finally pulled the trigger this offseason, agreeing to a deal with the Chargers that makes him one of the highest-paid coaches in the NFL. He made his first return to Ann Arbor in recent days, attending the Wolverines’ pro day, and said J.J. McCarthy’s workout was one of the best he’s ever seen from a quarterback.
“I’ve been to a lot of pro day workouts, and watched quarterbacks throw,” Harbaugh said. “That was the best I’ve ever seen a quarterback do at a pro day. I mean, not only was feet great and the individual drills, but then he started throwing and it was like every throw was right there. I thought our receivers did a great job, too -- they all had a great day -- but that was the best throwing day I’ve ever seen.
“Like I predicted, once they were around him, I was hearing the stories about how he is on the board, how he is on the field, the little things. The intangibles. It was absolutely no surprise whatsoever, but there was raving. And it was great to hear, incredible to hear, and I know it was sincere. It was unsolicited, but it was numerous, numerous GMs, numerous head coaches couldn’t say enough good things. And it was, you could just see it. His pro day, literally I have never seen a better one.”
McCarthy is universally regarded as a Round 1 prospect, and most don’t expect him to fall outside the top 15 picks. Harbaugh has been even higher than that, saying McCarthy was his QB1 over more heralded prospects like USC’s Caleb Williams, LSU’s Jayden Daniels and North Carolina’s Drake Maye.
He’s not backing off the claim, either.
“I think he’s the best quarterback in the draft,” Harbaugh said . “That’s just what I think, just my opinion. He’s the one who plays quarterback. Of all the quarterbacks that are in the draft -- and there’s great quarterbacks in the draft -- I think he plays quarterback the best of any quarterback in the draft.”
Harbaugh also believes Michigan will break Georgia’s record for most players drafted in a single year (15). The Wolverines had 18 players invited to last month’s combine.
“I hate to be one of those guys that says I told you so, but I did predict that last summer, that Michigan would set the record for most players drafted from a school in a single year,” Harbaugh said. “And just watching that come to life and be that way, it was talking to every single guy and seeing all the parents again. I really, I watched all the O-line workout, I was able to watch J.J.’s throwing session, and the rest of the time I was just talking to people. It was just incredible.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices