BySteve Silverman
BySteve Silverman,
 Contributor. 
J.J. McCarthy is listed as the No. 2 quarterback on the Vikings, but that could change before ... More midseason.(Photo by Nick Wosika/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
The Vikings have their quarterback of the future signed and sealed, and that is the most positive development for the team after several weeks of negative news.
J.J. McCarthy was supposedly the quarterback the Vikings wanted when he was selected in the first round of this year’s draft, at least that was the stance the team took after Caleb Williams, Jayden Daniels and Drake Maye were off the board.
The Vikings were not overly interested in Michael Penix, who was curiously selected eighth by the Atlanta Falcons. They also knew that Williams and Daniels would be off the board by the time they took McCarthy with the 10th pick.
The Vikings had tried to trade up with the New England Patriots for the No. 3 pick – as did the New York Giants – but they refused to be held up by New England and stuck with their spot.
As camp is about to begin, McCarthy is already listed as the No. 2 quarterback on the team, behind place holder Sam Darnold and ahead of veteran backup Nick Mullens. The expectation is that McCarthy — who just signed a 4-year, $21.8 million contract — will have time to learn the system and he won’t be inserted into the starting lineup until midseason at the earliest.
That is certainly a possibility, but McCarthy is an extremely competitive individual and he is not about to be limited by perception. Once training camp opens and he has a chance to show what he can do, McCarthy is going to fight. He earned his starting position with Michigan and led the team to two consecutive appearances in the College Football Playoffs and one national championship. He is not going to take backup status lying down.
Head coach Kevin O’Connell has made it clear that he does not want to rush McCarthy into the starting lineup and his ascension to a starting position won’t happen until he gives the Vikings a better chance to win games than Darnold.
"It's just more about what is in the best interest of the organization," O'Connell said. "Those circumstances cannot affect what J.J.'s development plan is or any other player on the team for that matter. It just can't be something that selfishly ever impacts that decision.
"That really won't change because, and I don't know if it's the former quarterback in me or not, but I do feel an obligation to have the best interests of not only J.J. but our entire team, at heart, when we make that decision."
Veteran QB Sam Darnold will try to hold off rookie J.J. McCarthy during training camp.(Photo by Adam ... More Bettcher/Getty Images)
That is exactly the attitude that a head coach should have. His biggest responsibility is to make his team competitive. He is invested in McCarthy’s development as an NFL-ready quarterback, but he is more invested in winning games for the Vikings.
However, McCarthy is not about to except being the second-best quarterback on the team. He is going to fight from Day 1 – rookies report to camp Sunday for the Vikings – to show that he will be the best quarterback the franchise has to offer.
It will not be an easy fight, as Darnold has support from O’Connell and throughout the organization. The head coach believes that the six years of experience Darnold has and his performance in the offseason makes him a solid presence for the Vikings.
“I would say Sam would be the guy I would look to based upon the spring he’s had and really where he’s at in his quarterback journey,” O’Connell said. “He’s been able to come in and really hit the ground running and really kind of take advantage of a competitive situation.”
McCarthy knows where he stands at this point. He knows he is going to have to blow away the competition to become a starting quarterback for the Vikings.
It’s a battle that will be compelling throughout the summer.