Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Red Sox Vs. Twins Lineups: Minor Changes After Triston Casas Injury
Red Sox Place Triston Casas On Injured List, Call Up Replacement
FOXBORO, Mass. -- The Patriots returned to Gillette Stadium on Wednesday and kicked off training camp with a relatively newsworthy practice.
New England kept things short, and not just because annoying rain started during team drills. Jerod Mayo stated he wanted to keep things around 90 minutes, allowing his players an opportunity to ease into things before a long camp.
It was impossible to ease in from a viewer's perspective, but we did our best to get an eye on everything happening during the first training camp practice on Mayo's watch.
ONE BIG TAKEAWAYJacoby Brissett is the guy.
Story continues below advertisement
Will that change? Yes.
Do we expect Drake Maye to push him? Yes.
Is there any sign of Maye taking the job before Week 1? Nope.
Brissett received the first-team reps Wednesday and worked behind an offensive line consisting of, from left to right, Chukwuma Okorafor, Sidy Sow, David Andrews, Mike Onwenu and Calvin Anderson. New England rolled out all sorts of wide receiver, tight end and running back groupings, essentially giving each of those players multiple reps with both Brissett (10-for-13) and Maye (6-for-10).
Story continues below advertisement
NOTES-- One of the biggest storylines entering Day 1 was whether or not the Patriots would have any contract-related absences. Fortunately for Mayo and company, they did not. Both Matthew Judon and Davon Godchaux were full participants during the first session of the summer. 
Speaking to reporters after practice, Judon said the contract talks were out of his hands. He hopes to remain in New England and does not wish to be traded to a contender, but does believe he's worth more than what he is set to be paid in 2024. 
-- Jalen Reagor, who entered camp as a depth receiver and kick returner, was the best pass-catcher on the field Wednesday. Reagor recorded the highlight of the day, a one-handed grab from Maye during the initial 7-on-7 period. Reagor had a few other catches thereafter, including a reception from Bailey Zappe that might have went for a touchdown on game day, as well. 
-- Kyle Dugger recorded the first interception of training camp. It came after Patriots cornerback Jonathan Jones deflected a pass from Brissett, the ball then falling into the arms of Dugger. 
Story continues below advertisement
-- If not for Reagor's catch down the sideline, veteran tight end Austin Hooper might have recorded the best snag of the day. Brissett threw a perfectly-placed ball to Hooper, who ran down the seam and dove for the catch, which would have been a chain-mover.
-- Shaun Wade didn't participate in team drills, instead running sprints by himself on the side field. It didn't appear to be anything injury-related, perhaps just a case of the zoomies.
-- Maye might be the No. 3 pick, but he's still a rookie. Brissett left his helmet and jersey on the field before departing, and the rookie picked it up and brought it back to the locker room after signing a few autographs. 
-- The Patriots, who were without pads, worked full field in team drills. Mayo indicated it would be one week before players throw on the pads, with New England later announcing its first fully-padded practice would be Monday.
Story continues below advertisement
Digital Content Producer
UMass-Amherst Alum. NFL Draft nerd. Multi-time internet argument winner. Passionate about things that don't matter.
Featured image via Eric Canha/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network