Now 
67
 Sun 
65
 Mon 
61
by Kelly Avellino
TOPICS:
SUMNER COUNTY, Tenn. (WZTV) — It's been 51 days since 15-year-old Sebastian Rogers went missing from Sumner County. The Sumner County Sheriff's Office has said they've found no viable leads to finding the boy with autism, so far.
Sebastian's father, Seth Rogers, is now making a public call for the FBI to take over the case and investigate it as a criminal matter. He’s set up an online petition that now has more than 12,000 signatures.
Rogers wrote, “We want the FBI to take over the investigation of the case of missing Sebastian Wayne Drake Rogers from Sumner County Sheriff Office. It has been 50 days since Sebastian has gone missing, no scent trail from dogs, no video footage of Sebastian leaving his Mother's house. Yet no criminal investigation at all by TBI or Sumner County Sheriff Office.”
Rogers also told FOX 17 News that he’s hired two licensed private investigators who met with Sumner County Sheriff Roy “Sonny” Weatherford, yesterday. One of the licensed investigators has been working the case since Sebastian's disappearance. Rogers recently brought in a second licensed professional for added help.
“I respect and have faith in the procedure, but having faith and respect for somebody is different,” said Rogers when asked why he hired his own investigators.
Sumner County Chief Deputy Eric Craddock has said previously there has been no evidence of foul play, but that nothing is being ruled out.
Volunteers continue to help Rogers search for his son privately, outside the five-mile radius initially canvassed by the Sumner County Sheriff’s Office, TBI and trained crews from around the state the week after Sebastian went missing. Investigators re-canvassed that area earlier this month.
Rogers said anyone who wishes to help can print Sebastian’s flyer at Staples for free, and help post it around the area and beyond.
The last six weeks have been a devastating, traumatic and frustrating experience for Rogers, since his son disappeared. He has taken off work to search for Sebastian nearly every day.
Sebastian is believed to have walked off from his home in the Shackle Island community of Sumner County in the middle of the night, February 25th, according to his mother and stepfather, Katie and Chris Proudfoot.
FOX 17 News checked in with the Sheriff's Office and TBI, Tuesday. A TBI spokesperson said there were no additional updates to pass on.
Get reports like this and all the news of the day in Middle Tennessee delivered to your inbox each morning with the FOX 17 News Daily Newsletter.