The meteoric rise of interest in the NBA tunnel in the 2010s was a huge catalyst for the style renaissance across every professional sports league in recent years. But even with all of the new fashion competition, the Association’s players still command the most attention. Gone are the days when a single star like Allen Iverson or Dennis Rodman dominated the NBA’s fashion headlines. Now, more and more league players are making waves in the style department, though some are more worthy of praise than others. So, who are the ones dressing their best right now?
To construct our ranking, we took a few criteria into account: Are they able to pull off more than one style? Do they experiment with new silhouettes and take risks with their wardrobe? Are they displaying originality with their tunnel fits or just wearing trendy items from brands that everyone else has on? Has their style helped extend their personal brand into other opportunities like brand campaigns and runway appearances?
From veterans that have shown out for decades to rookies that will be commanding attention in the tunnel for seasons to come, below are our picks for the 25 best-dressed NBA players today.
Team: Los Angeles LakersVibe: Style Heir
Since we haven’t had a chance to see what he will bring to the pregame tunnel just yet, consider this more of a prediction: Bronny will most likely show out once the season starts. His off-court style is similar to the stylish 20-somethings you may know–flared denim, cropped hoodies in various colors, and rare sneakers. Always expect some hyped items sprinkled in the mix, like a Moncler Spider-Man puffer or a pair of CPFM x Nike Air Force 1s. At times, it feels a bit too trendy, but he still wears them well. His father has been one of the best-dressed players in the league for years—Like father, like son, right? –Mike DeStefano
Team: Indiana PacersVibe: Experimental Standout
Perhaps the most polarizing player in the league when it comes to fashion, Haliburton is undoubtedly a head-turner. He took our social media timelines by storm in the 2023-24 season, first with preppy ensembles like a yellow Lacoste cardigan with baggy chinos, and then a belted leather trench coat that made him look like Inspector Gadget. We can’t forget about the Reggie Miller choke hoodie after eliminating the Knicks, or Prada’s SS22 Square-Toe Slip-On Loafers that he just posed in on media day. No matter what he wears, good or bad, Hali always dresses to leave an impression. –MD
Team: Boston CelticsVibe: On-Stage Sleek
Ever since Brown popped out at the ESPY Awards in a cropped blazer, he's opted for jackets and tops in shorter lengths at every given opportunity. The number of awards that Brown has recently received shapes his baseline style—now, he always looks sleek enough to take the stage. Brown is at a point where he's racked up legendary receipts at Dover Street Market and has unrivaled access to international designers, but it's most exciting when he surprises fans by wearing up-and-coming brands like Barriers Worldwide. His overall outfit diversity, with occasional monochrome looks and tasteful accessories, proves that great style can be achieved by homing in on personal taste. With the recent announcement of 741, his original performance brand, Brown’s straightforward dressing may be a tactic to call more attention to his footwear. –Kirsten Chen
Team: Dallas MavericksVibe: Work in Progress
Irving hasn’t been lauded much for his fashion choices throughout his career, but that seems to be changing. After ditching that hiking stick, he’s exploring new avenues of accessorizing. Bucket hats have been a recent staple in his wardrobe, and he is adding an assortment of unique jewelry to the mix. When he pulled up to Game 2 of the NBA Finals in a crisp blazer, knit mesh top, and layered charm necklaces, there was an internet-wide jaw-drop. He is certainly elevating his look, and we’re eager to see how it will evolve throughout the coming season. –Caidin Ferrigno
Team: San Antonio SpursVibe: Tailored Model Off-Duty
Wemby has developed an unfair style advantage, being named as a brand ambassador for Louis Vuitton in February and walking the Vogue World runway in June. Outfits on his lanky build naturally read as “model off-duty,” which serves as a unifying identity across his looks, whether it’s suit jackets matched with tailored shorts, or casual, streetwear-inspired fits from LV. There's a plainness to Wemby that works in his favor—he's the ideal canvas for brands to tease new products such as the unreleased Nike NOCTA sneakers. The attention around Wemby transcends traditional basketball discussions. People want to talk about Wemby’s style, but there’s not that much that actually needs to be said. –KC
Team: Miami HeatVibe: Jet-Set Chic
Having spent his offseason in Milan, Jaquez has gravitated toward Prada button-up shirts and all-white Emporio Armani outfits. He's the college hotshot settling into the adult world at a luxurious and leisurely pace—his silhouettes are still baggy, and his coziest looks feature athlete go-to's like Jordan sneakers, Ryoko Rain shorts, and Kith sweatpants. At his best, Jaquez is indulgent, with silky materials and aged Ralph Lauren leather jackets. At his worst, he wears a vest over a short-sleeve T-shirt, but still looks good. He proves how plain outfits can transform into “quiet luxury.” As long as his hair keeps flowing, his outfits will keep elevating. –KC
Team: Houston RocketsVibe: Modern-Day Swagapino
Green is an all-around whiz kid. He pulls off bright, flashy pieces in a way that feels energetic and celebratory, but not attention-seeking. Layered under zip-up hoodies, Green’s style is guided by a Cali-cultivated cool that prioritizes comfort. He's also got a sharp eye for trending brands, like Who Decides War and HELLSTAR, as well as pieces that go viral online, like MSCHF’s 2x4 boots and Bapesta sneakers. By carefully curating popular items from “swag” culture of the 2010s all the way to current moments on the internet, Green carries the “Swagapino” pedigree into this season. –KC
Team: Phoenix SunsVibe: High-Fashion “FE!N”
After Bol Bol shocked the world with his dedication to cultish brands like Vetements, Balenciaga, and Chrome Hearts, he's kept fans hooked by revealing pieces that are increasingly rare. Remember his infamous “finsta” picture of every T-shirt from a Vetements drop? He's earned his right to wear Balenciaga ballet flats or UGG-inspired boots without ridicule. Reading between the lines (and Chrome Hearts leather crosses), Bol shows expertise in finding tailors and made-to-measure Japanese selvedge jeans by mimata. When the Opium craze finally dies down, Bol will have more arsenal for his mood boards. –KC
Team: Washington WizardsVibe: Versatile Risk-Taker
Kuz’s bolder fashion choices don’t always land, but when looks are so memorable that they become bobbleheads, that has to count for something. What makes Kuz’s style so great is the reason some like to roast him. He isn’t afraid to take risks: One day, that might be a pink Raf Simons knit with sleeves that drag to the floor; the next, it’s a fluffy fur coat à la Magic Johnson in the ’80s paired with leather pants. He can also easily pull off a sweater with a calm pair of chinos. In September, Kuz walked in Sp5der’s inaugural runway show during New York Fashion Week in an all-over print denim set. That’s versatility, baby. –MD
Team: Denver NuggetsVibe: Oversized But Understated
We have yet to see Holiday walk the tunnel without a pair of oversized wide-leg pants, usually eclipsing all but the front sliver of his signature Rick Owens sneakers. His pant collection—from leather pairs, cargos, and jeans, to that knit pair which is an absolute masterpiece—is one to drool over. He is a frequent rep of Russel Westbrook’s Honor the Gift, and when he isn’t head to toe in one of the brand’s sweatsuits, he can be spotted incorporating its crewnecks and T-shirts into his tunnel fits. With the exception of a few loud matching sets and questionable outfit choices, he keeps it pretty clean and simple. –CF
Team: Philadelphia 76ersVibe: Rock ‘N’ Roll Dad
Entering his sixth year of dressing in all-black goth outfits, Oubre is getting closer and closer to resembling Lenny Kravitz, his early style inspiration. While keeping his staple Dope$oul-shaped diamond pendant and oversized wallet chains, his leather pants fit (and flare) better than ever. Experience is everything—even his vintage T-shirts have gotten more rare. Fatherhood also influences Oubre's current style, which now leans toward cozy knit cardigans and less provocative jackets. For years, he has insisted that his emo flavor is “timeless,” and now, no one can discount the seasons that he’s put in to establish his style. That’s cool, but Oubre’s conviction is cooler. –KC
Team: Sacramento KingsVibe: Unique & Electric
Monk’s tunnel style has been at the center of NBA buzz for good reason, but he doesn't seem to seek praise. Simply put, Monk wears clothes that he likes. Taking a very hands-on approach to his wardrobe, he enjoys putting together outfits himself and collecting unique pieces. In an episode of Tunnel Vision, he describes how he approaches his style as a way to reflect who he is on a personal level, to tell a story, or represent formative pieces of his life. “My hometown, The Woodz, where I grew up, it's all me, it's where I got everything from. I want to show appreciation for that on the big screen,” he said. Showing off a varsity-esque bomber jacket with a collage of patches, he explains that each represents a neighborhood in Sacramento, where he plays for the Kings. Monk likes to keep it chill, comfy, and classic, but not without a generous dash of eclecticism and versatility. Monk’s jewelry never misses either; his dangle earrings and signature stacks of pearls and chains ooze effortless class. –CF
Team: Chicago BullsVibe: Cohesive Chaos
With a gridlock of top-notch tunnel pics on his Instagram feed, Craig seems to be aware of the fact that he’s crushing the fashion game. His openness to experiment was on full blast last season—the man has range. He rocks half-worn overalls one day and a neon orange zebra-print cardigan the next. The continuity within each outfit allows him to teeter on the line of utter chaos without relinquishing cohesiveness. He loves a good jacket—bonus points if it’s in a glaring shade, has an eye-catching pattern, an unusual texture, or better yet, all of the above. With the exception of these Louis Vuitton bags, he rarely plasters himself with mainstream logos and opts for more atypical statement pieces. –CF
Team: Utah JazzVibe: Elevated Blue Collar
Mills is a grounded legend who maintains an appreciation for highly functional, structured clothes. Even when Mills wears designer garments from brands like Amiri, Bottega Veneta, or Thom Browne, they read as clothes he can actually work in. The Australian baller sticks to button-ups (always unbuttoned), washed denim, simple sneakers, and serious leather shoes. While Mills thrives in the occasional piece of upgraded workwear by emerging designers like Tombogo, don't expect him to lean into the avant-garde. At this point in his long-standing career, Mills' outfits have a consistently rugged quality that's strong enough to inspire a recent Ksubi collaboration. –KC
Team: Minnesota TimberwolvesVibe: The Next Big Flexer
As a player in the infancy of building his tunnel style reputation, Reid is mastering basic outfit formulas like shorts with rare sneakers, while slowly graduating to riskier choices like Chrome Hearts handbags, headscarves over hats, and showing his chest through ripped fabrics. Although Reid claims “hollywood” in his Instagram username, he's selective when shopping from high-end brands. Fans might have to take a second glance before realizing the rarity of his pieces from Enfants Richés Deprimes or Saint Michael. He shops aspirationally to not only flex, but also to steer his style on an upward trajectory. –KC
Team: Los Angeles LakersVibe: Bold Accessorizer
When we ranked our list of the best-dressed athletes earlier this year, Vanderbilt missed the cut. We can admit that we were sleeping. Vando makes bold choices, like when he paired a colorful silk babushka with a black suit to attend Off-White’s first New York Fashion Week presentation in September, or when he hit the tunnel last year in a pair of metallic purple Rick Owens pants and a furry bucket hat. He also understands the importance of accessorizing. Rarely will you see him without a New Era fitted cap or a pair of black shades. Like many stylish individuals, he doesn’t put himself in a box. He could just as well lean into a calmer vibe with a knit cardigan and cargos, or show up in all leather like he’s about to hit the stage with Playboi Carti. That range makes it exciting to see what he’s going to try next. –MD
Team: Denver NuggetsVibe: Adaptable Icon
Westbrook continues to lead the league in showing how players can tastefully evolve their style and image over time. He embraces his founder identity, strategically utilizing tunnel moments to position pieces from his brand Honor The Gift alongside Bottega Veneta, Gallery Department, and Balenciaga. His perma-presence in the sport-style conversation is validated by his masterful balance of staying up-to-date on oversized clothing trends without compromising his classic, tailored style. While Westbrook was previously known as the reigning champ of genderless dressing, his adaptability now extends to accessorizing: He's progressive in showing how men can wear thin, layered necklaces, too. –KC
Team: Phoenix SunsVibe: Tried & True Menswear
Booker is back as America’s heartthrob, with past memories wiped by his unbothered, retro-inspired outfits at the Paris Olympics. His minimal outfits often resemble a classic ’80s car or his beloved ’90s Chevy Impala from his infamous vintage automobile collection. Powered by near-perfect tailoring and his ability to identify the next go-to brand, Booker’s simplicity by way of neutral-colored staples and eccentric footwear choices makes him a constant reference for stylists and athletes across genders. –KC
Team: Oklahoma City ThunderVibe: Preppy Era Incoming
Williams had a lot to live up to when he was drafted to the fashion capital of the NBA, but he was up for the challenge. “I was throwing away clothes when I got here. I was like, ‘You can't wear that here no more bro,’” he recounted during an episode of the Survival of the Fitted podcast. “You can't walk in with regular stuff on.” After that headpiece he wore in New Orleans, it seems he has taken this as a license to lean into peculiarity.
Developing a flair for outfit configuration is a byproduct of playing for the Thunder, and Williams is having a blast experimenting with his personal style. In a recent haul video posted to his YouTube channel, he shows off armloads of jerseys to add to his exponentially growing collection, alongside an assortment of colorful polos he picked up during his travels. “I’m in a polo era,” he announced. “You guys will see me in a lot of polos this year. I’m going for a preppy look.” If nothing else, we have the rollout of Preppy Dub to look forward to this season. –CF
Team: Los Angeles ClippersVibe: Obsessive Sneakerhead
With nearly two decades in the NBA, Tucker has certainly made an impact on the league both on and off the court. His shoe collection is arguably as notorious as his game. Unanimously crowned the NBA’s Sneaker King, Tucker boasts a collection that includes footwear so exclusive that for some pairs, the designers themselves can't get their hands on them. He once packed over a hundred pairs of shoes for a trip to Disney World—to be fair, it was for the NBA bubble, not a weekend trip to the theme park—but still, that's some hardcore commitment. His collection eventually grew large enough to fill a whole house.
His style isn’t just about the shoes. Tucker also experiments with a variety of colors and textures. Sometimes he shows up to the arena in a calm flannel with jeans and wheat Timbs. Other times, his style is more adventurous—a pink leather jacket, fluorescent green sneakers, and a perfectly-faded vintage T-shirt. Regardless of what he puts together, it never looks forced. Tucker can pull off just about anything. Who says sneakerheads can’t dress? –CF
Team: Los Angeles LakersVibe: Seasoned Vet
LeBron is the GOAT when it comes to his play on the court. He also comes pretty close to sitting on the throne in the style department. James has consistently worn highlight pieces from Pharrell’s Louis Vuitton, like monogram biker jackets and Speedy bags in various primary colors. Remember his LV campaign? When LeBron isn’t hitting the tunnel in head-to-toe gear from the biggest fashion house in the world, he’s mixing in classic sportswear like nylon windbreakers and letterman jackets. And we can’t forget the coveted Nike sneakers like Off-White x Futura Dunk Lows and Tiffany AF1s always laced up on his feet—being a lifetime athlete for the Swoosh has its perks. He doesn’t strictly rely on brand affiliations for his gear, though. Some of his best outfits are when he veers towards something more unexpected, like a RRL button-up. He kicked off the season with a bang last year. We can’t wait to see how King James starts year 22. –MD
Team: Portland Trail BlazersVibe: Avant-Garde & Unconventional
Grant is comfortable doing the uncomfortable. It has made him one of the most unique dressers in the league. He doesn’t play in the typical streetwear arena that a majority of hoopers do, and leans into more avant-garde ensembles from the likes of Maison Margiela and Comme des Garçons. Some of his most interesting looks incorporate unconventional things like Vibram Five Finger shoes and balloon skirts. Taking those types of risks means that his style isn’t everyone’s cup of tea, but it doesn’t faze him. Grant clearly has a genuine passion for fashion, and that authenticity goes a long way. It opened doors for him in the fashion industry: Last summer, Grant helped Willy Chavarria unveil his Adidas collaboration at New York Fashion Week. We have a feeling that won’t be his last runway appearance. –MD
Team: Minnesota TimberwolvesVibe: Streetwear All Grown Up
The Timberwolves are not only championship contenders this NBA season, they are also one of the most stylish teams in the league. One of the main reasons for that is Alexander-Walker. Since he entered the league in 2019, he’s evolved beyond his go-to uniform of vintage T-shirts and valuable Air Jordans. Those items are still in the mix, but are now paired with knit polos, slick leather trench coats, or classic penny loafers. It’s a natural style evolution that many peers his age can likely relate to—a transition from graphic-heavy tops and casual sneakers to something more timeless. NAW can do both exceptionally well. Everyone should take note. –MD
Team: Oklahoma City ThunderVibe: Stylish Stalwart
Last season, Gilgeous-Alexander upped his game to MVP-caliber levels, and his off-court style matched it. The Thunder point guard has kept himself at the forefront of style conversations since he entered the league in 2018. SGA is a folk hero for young fashion fans in the same way that Russell Westbrook and Allen Iverson were in eras past.
Shai’s fashion taste perfectly encapsulates current streetwear trends to a T—that means tunnel walks in exclusive, unreleased leather jackets from Drake’s mysterious Gruppo Vava imprint, or a cropped mesh jersey from Diallo. Labels like Chrome Hearts and Rick Owens are mixed in, but SGA doesn’t rely on them to carry his looks. He also debuted one-of-one pairs of Timberland boots and designed camo jackets with Canada Goose. Like those of a few contemporaries, his stylish tendencies have led to relationships with some of the biggest luxury brands in the world, like Louis Vuitton and Thom Browne. We can already envision the comments screaming that SGA deserves the number one spot. There’s a strong argument to be made, but a silver medal isn’t too shabby. –MD
Team: Utah JazzVibe: Versatile Best Dresser
Clarkson is entering his 11th season in the NBA. For a majority of that tenure, he’s been the best-dressed player in the entire league. But despite that level of consistency, his style was always under the radar, just like his play on the court. Make no mistake about it: There’s nobody in the Association dressing night-to-night as well as Clarkson. Versatility is the name of the game—he keeps a good balance between established luxury brands and rising streetwear labels. The items he chooses to wear always feel much more tailored to his personal taste. Clarkson even makes Lululemon look good in the tunnel. Another defining feature of his fits is his attention to interesting silhouettes; he’s almost always in a roomy top and a baggier pair of pants, but it never looks sloppy. “I’m the best dressed, for sure,” he told Complex back in 2022. Two years later, we still agree. –MD
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS HOODIE BLACK
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.