Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A person peddling what appeared to be their household wares in a city centre street was told to get a licence from the council by neighbourhood officers following complaints by members of the public.
 Highlighting the unusual issue on their Facebook page, officers from the Charles Cross neighbourhood policing team explained that their first job of the day on Tuesday February 6 "was to speak to someone who was selling lots of items on the floor on Cornwall Street." 
 They explained: "You cannot sell your own items on the corner of the street without a license from the council" before adding the hashtag #carbootsale
READ NEXT: 
One of the team's PCSO's told PlymouthLive that police had been alerted by concerned members of the public who first saw the seller in Southside Street, complete with a shopping trolley "full of stuff" which he trundled around. 
The man had apparently laid down a blanket onto which he had placed his goods for sale. They said they were assisted by Plymouth City Council's CCTV operators in tracing the man who had also spotted his unusual activities. 
The PCSO said: "The day before we had gone to tell him in Cornwall Street that he couldn't do this and we directed him to the council, warning him about where the law stands on selling items on the street. He had vases, books, ornaments and the like - it looked like a house sale. 
"I don't know why he didn't sell it on Facebook like everyone else, but the council does have regulations about selling goods and they work with Trading Standards and police to safeguard the public. He was not happy about it when we told him he had to go to the council to sort a permit."
 According the Plymouth City Council's website people who wish to sell items on the street need to apply for a street trading licence. The site adds that "the items you want to sell have to be approved by us." 
There are a list of more than a dozen streets in Plymouth's city centre where people can trade from, but also an additional list of street where people cannot trade from, including all of Armada Way, the Barbican, "Bretonside Bus Station" (which no longer exists), Citadel Road, Derry's Cross, Drake Circus, Royal Parade and Western Approach along with a number of other roads. 
The council's trading rules note that "good business ethics, good quality merchandise and value for money are expected and required from the consent holders" and that traders "must not conduct their business in such a manner as to cause a nuisance to other persons or in such a manner that would obstruct the highway."
However, under the banner of "Unauthorised street trading" the council admits: "The Council will use its best endeavours to control unauthorised trading but cannot guarantee that unauthorised trading will not take place. By submitting an application for a street trading consent applicants acknowledge that the Council will have no liability for any losses suffered in consequence of unauthorised trading."