Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The huge Plymouth city centre building that houses Tesco Express and TK Maxx has had nearly £2m slashed from its asking price after failing to sell. The building, which fronts onto New George Street, Royal Parade and Bedford Way, went on the market in June 2022 for £6.31m but is now being advertised at a knock-down price of £4.5m.
 It is in part of a larger block which British Land Company Plc - the property giant, which owns Drake Circus Shopping Centre and the Barcode - paid £67m for and extends from Old Town Street and down to Armada Way.  In January 2022 it sold the disused Debenhams building, with an asking price of at least £3.5m, and in May 2022 advertised the House of Fraser building with an asking price of more than £4m. 
 The following month it marketed the five-storey, including basement, Tesco and TK Maxx building, which has a floorspace covering more than 87,107sq ft for at least £6.31m. However, now the building’s 999-year long lease, created in 2007, is being re-advertised at a much lower price: at least £4.5m. 
READ NEXT:
  Plymouth City Council faces probe into £72m share deal  
  Future of Langdon Court hotel hangs in the balance
 The asking price is still higher than for the House of Fraser and Debenhams buildings. This is likely to be elevated by its lease to Tesco Stores Ltd, which doesn’t expire for another 29 years and brings in £400,000 a year in rent. Tesco sublets part of the building to TJX UK, which trades at TK Maxx, at a rent of £250,000 a year. 
The building is described in a brochure from property consultants Allsop as “a prominent City centre supermarket investment” which is “securely let to Tesco Stores Ltd until June 2053 with no breaks providing an unexpired term of approximately 29 years” with the sublet to TK Maxx running until August 2028. The sale is of the long leasehold, with a provision for upwards and downwards rent reviews every five years.
Click here  to join PlymouthLive on WhatsApp and we'll send breaking news and top stories directly to your phone. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our  Privacy Notice.
 The brochure said the property is located “in the very heart of the vibrant retail and leisure hub” and benefits from the “strong footfall generated by one of Plymouth’s principle retail thoroughfares”. It added that Plymouth City Council is transforming the public realm along New George Street, Old Town Street, Armada Way and Civic Square, “further reinforcing Plymouth’s appeal as a premier retail and shopping destination for the South West”. 
It said the work, now estimated at up to £53m for Armada Way through to Old Town Street, was “set to revive and rejuvenate the city centre by including more diversified office and residential uses as well as improving existing retail offerings”. The brochure said the revamp project will directly support economic growth by encouraging increased footfall in the city centre and attracting inward investment as well as making Plymouth a “safer, more sociable and enjoyable place for shoppers, visitors and residents”. The revamp of New George Street and Old Town Street is due to be completed this year.