UPDATED 1/27/24, 4:41 p.m. ET: Nicki Minaj is still throwing shots at Megan Thee Stallion following the release of the explosive single "Hiss."
On Friday evening, the leader of the Barbz took to X, formerly Twitter, to continue calling out Megan. This time Nicki called her "Hot Girl Summer" collaborator a "serpant" while also mentioning how she lied on her deceased mother.
"What a disgusting serpant!!!!! Y’all post pardi song under this. They paid to make it disappear," Nicki tweeted. "LET’S GOOOOOO lying on your dead mother is insane too. But PARDI said it. #ItWasntMe."
She continued, "REPENT WICKED WOMAN REPENT."
Nicki then went for a low blow and claimed Megan has sex with producers for "free" beats, playing on a lyric from Megan's new single, "Hiss."
"Megan’s law. For a free beat you could hit #MeganRAW. -Roman," Nicki wrote.
See original story below.
UPDATED 1/26/24, 10:00 p.m. ET: Nicki Minaj isn't quite done with Megan Thee Stallion.
Hours after she sent out her initial tweet calling out Meg's accomplishments, the Pink Friday 2 rapper got very personal with her and made disparaging remarks about her late mother and turning on people who were close to her.
"Y’all wanna bring up family members???!! And lying on your dead mother?!?!! Lied to Gayle. Lied on & FUCKED your best friend man?!!!!!," Nicki wrote. "Told me to drink & go to the clinic if I was pregnant. All b/c I wouldn’t let your funky butt pour liquor down my throat? B!ch think she a bully cuz she get a Roc Nation brunch every year. Be mad @ PARDI!!!!!!!!!! He told all your tea but u taking shots at my family? Bwahahhhahahaaaaaaa get up on yo good foot!!!!!! #PinkFriday2 PLATINUM go apologize to your mother nasty serpant! REPENT!!!!"
She continued, "I have the text messages if I get the go. IFFFFFFF anyone says I’m lying. So now we got the video AND the text messages. #PinkFriday2."
Nicki also took to Stationhead to continue calling out Meg and her alleged actions over the last few years.
"You let everyone be thrown under the bus," she said. "You let DaBaby be thrown under the bus, Tory, your best friend, your mom... You better go conjure up your mother and apologize."
See original story below.
Nicki Minaj had some choice words for Megan Thee Stallion after the Houston Hottie released her new song "Hiss" on Friday.
Nicki took to her X account, formerly Twitter, to call out Megan and all her accomplishments throughout her career. She had initially hopped on Instagram Live to "have a little fun" after Megan dropped "Hiss" which features several subliminals that listeners believe were meant for Nicki, Drake, people "dick riding" Tory Lanez,and more.
A day after the song was released, Nicki went back on Twitter to add fuel to the fire in the alleged beef between the two. In her tweet, Nicki listed all the RIAA certifications and records she broke with tracks off her latest album, Pink Friday 2, and the upcoming tour while also bringing up Meg's stats over the years, such as the songs she did for the films Barbie and The Color Purple.
"Did y'all run up that 'Barbie World' song they tried," Nicki wrote. "It's bubbling under this week. Video & all and didn't crack the HOT 100. It's a BUB. They losing so much money with BF… ain't generate not one penny of a profit yet & claim she went to college but can't read her contract …?"
She continued, "Another manipulation so she can kick ppl to the curb after they helped her. Did y'all run up her color purple song? Nope. Huge vmas performance [big video] = flop. Every album she's ever released= flopped. Paid media all the time. Fraudulent awards = flopped. Horrible ACTOR that can't cry on cue don't try to act bookie it's a chop. Pathological & manipulative liar. Using ghost writers & still SUCK."
Nicki went on to say that Gag City—the imaginary city in which the Barbz live— does not condone bullying and that she's not the one to start beef or bring up issues with other female rappers despite what some may think.
She also stated her responses to Meg's "Hiss" track is a result of her beloved alter-ego, Roman Zolanski.
"Its…well it's just that…*whispers* y'all, it's just that #Roman seems to be in one of those "moods" now," Nicki added. "I watched what Roman did last night can't lie that jawn was funny AF."
On Thursday night, Nicki took to Instagram Live to tease new music where she can be heard rapping about a "bad bitch” who's "like 6 foot." She also mentioned telling someone to "get up on your good foot," which many have speculated could be a subliminal aimed at Megan, who sustained a foot injury after being shot by Tory Lanez in 2020.
Nicki ran these lines back multiple times for fans who had tuned in and continued to take shots while Meg shared a mid-laugh photo of herself to her IG stories.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Nicki Minaj and Future Double Up on 'Pink Friday 2' Collaboration "Press Play"
pop-culture | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Lindsay Lohan's Dad Body Shames Megan Thee Stallion in Response to 'Fire Crotch' Line in New 'Mean Girls' Movie
music | BY Mark Elibert
Nicki Minaj Appears to Address Wack 100 Saying ‘Pink Friday 2’ Didn't Break 'No Records'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.