By
			
			Brandon Schreur		

The first trailer for Spin the Bottle has been released.
Spin the Bottle is a new horror movie from Paramount Pictures. Starring Justin Long and Ali Larter, the film will be available to purchase on digital streaming outlets next month.
Check out the Spin the Bottle trailer and poster below (watch more trailers and clips):
The Spin the Bottle trailer sees a group of young adults break into a house where a brutal massacre once took place. Hoping to play an innocent game of spin the bottle, the party accidentally ends up awakening an evil spirit that then proceeds to terrorize them.
“When a group of friends plays spin the bottle in a house marked by a brutal massacre, they unknowingly unleash an evil spirit and start dying in terrifying ways,” the official synopsis for the movie reads. “Now, the survivors must stick together to uncover the house’s dark secrets and end the bloodshed.”
Along with Long and Larter, Spin the Bottle stars Tanner Stine, Kaylee Kaneshiro, Tony Amendola, Ryan Whitney, Hal Cumpston, Angela Halili, and Samantha Cormier.
The film is directed by Gavin Wiesen, who previously made 2011’s The Art of Getting By and 2017’s All Nighter. The script was written by John Cregan. Kyle Hayes, Will Hayes, Christopher Barish, and Jim Valdez produce the movie, while Merilee Holt, Harrison Kordestani, and Weissen serve as executive producers and Scot Ruggles and Drake Booth as co-producers.
Long is no stranger to horror as he’s starred in a number of genre movies in the past, including 2001’s Jeepers Creepers, 2009’s Drag Me to Hell, 2014’s Tusk, 2022’s Barbarian, and 2023’s It’s a Wonderful Knife, among others. He also co-wrote and co-directed a segment in V/H/S/ Beyond, which will be released on Shudder on October 4, 2024.
Spin the Bottle will be available to purchase on digital streaming outlets on October 4, 2024.
Brandon Schreur has been writing about comics, movies, television shows, and all things pop culture for roughly five years. He's a lifelong cinephile who spends way, way too much money buying Blu-rays and trade paperbacks. You can find him on twitter at @brandonschreur.
Share article