By
Ella Mai had a phenomenal 2024 filled with surprises as others unveiled some of the year’s biggest moments. Tyler, The Creator’s reign continued over the weekend as Lil Uzi Vert, Freddie Gibbs, and Drake released the best new music. Election Day was a big day for your favorite artists and their catalogs while promoting Donald Trump or Kamala Harris.
This week was another full of surprises with new albums by Ab-Soul, FERG, and Babytron. While the well-known set to ascend from the unknown, many emerging stars release buzzworthy tracks to a newfound audience for inevitable superstardom.  
Merely months from 2025, there are still several highly anticipated releases by hip-hop’s biggest names, including The Clipse, Cardi B, and Future. From Ella Mai’s surprise to Mario moving on to Dave East reuniting with old friends, here’s a list of new music you might have missed this week.
Ella Mai Gives Us A Year-End Surprise
For her birthday, the new mom drops a three-song gift for her devoted fanbase. Having turned 30, the number 3 represents the idea of growth and evolution, aligning perfectly with the themes of maturity and discovery reflected in her music. ​​With the uplifting spirit of this release, 3 is often referred to as the number of joy.
Mario Is “Glad You Came”
This inviting ballad from the R&B legend’s album continues the legacy of Mario’s iconic vocals after the lead single. “Being able to create new textures and ways to invite intimacy and imagination back into R&B is much of what’s driving Mario’s new offerings, he told Billboard last month. “There’s a level of vulnerability and confidence that permeates this serving.”
Dave East & arabMUZIK Bring The “Percocet”
Readying the new joint album, Living Proof, the track intoxicates immediately with East’s signature style and arab’s one-of-a-kind production. The upcoming project also features Fabolous, Swizz Beatz, Benny The Butcher, Milllyz, Ransom, Giggs, OT The Real, Quany GZ, Stacy Barthe, and Cruch Calhoun.
Tune Day Remix Major Myiah & Lincoln Bayo’s “Exes”
Renowned for his clever productions, the incredible Tune Day fuses magnetic dancehall with amapiano over the persuasive wordplay from Bounty Killer’s son. The perfect track to introduce to others eager to hear new artists. Many will be able to relate to the subject matter of exes and their loss.
EarthGang Gives Us A Perfect Fantasy
Using their unique voice, the Southern boys deliver a sonic and creative narrative filled with unforgettable highlights. The album is a part of a trilogy with fans returning to old material to get the full story. Enjoy the journey.
Sheff G & Sleep Hallow Make A Comeback “Today”
Before Proud of Myself, the Brooklyn duo returns with a track that feels supremely confident. They spit about making the most of their freedom and the reasons why they’re not like the rest. The track further proves that the artist’s popular sound is undeniable. 
Drea Dominique Is a “Bad Chick”
The reality star-turned-recording artist shows off the goods at a private party over her seductive vocals. She received undivided attention while hypnotizing her love interest with a full body massage. 
Gangstarr Returns To “Finishem”
DJ Premier unveils new music from the legendary duo that exhibits more of the late Guru’s superior rhymes. Paying tribute to the iconic fighting game, Guru spits ruthless bars that hit like a sledgehammer. Premier’s slick production delivers the fatality. 
CARA hits the “BLVD”
A chance encounter over Instagram led to a mentorship and a lasting friendship between CARA and Three 6 Mafia’s late Gangsta Boo. On her debut album, “CARA KUSH,” a standout track that celebrates empowerment and their unique artistic relationship, CARA collaborated with Gangsta Boo, a longtime inspiration.
Boobieblood Has “No Time For You”
The band is back with a new hit single titled “No Time For You”. In his new release, he tells the story of a relationship that went sour and he had no time to waste. New singles with Curren$y and Future will be released early in 2025 on Boobieblood’s new album “Kome Shop.”
Rico Cash + CEO Trayle Aint Got Time For It, “B*tch Please” 
The ATL emerging artist prepares for Born Winner with a crafty collaboration that displays his witty charm and magnetic nonchalant attitude unless it’s about getting to the money. With the album dropping in November, he has enjoyed the journey. He says, “It was a beautiful struggle. It made me who I am, but it was never easy.” 
J.R. Clark Is Thriving In The “Winners Circle”
A Virginia artist generates authentic social media buzz through word of mouth. The latest single showcases the emerging star’s slick-talking flow filled with playful metaphors and attention-grabbing word association. The video’s comments look like an Akademiks live stream. “Winners Circle” is necessary for any newfound fan before Clark ascends to the mainstream any day now.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97