Embarrassing, Pathetic. Inexcusable. 
Those are three out of just many adjectives that come to mind in the wake of the Patriots' putrid 40-7 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers at a lifeless Gillette Stadium Saturday afternoon.
This game was a chance for Jerod Mayo and company to build on last week's strong performance - albeit in a loss - against the Buffalo Bills, but the Patriots failed to even show up. The boos and the "Fire Mayo" chants that rang from the 300 level on down were warranted. 
In a game played on national television, the Patriots put forth arguably their worst performance of the season. The defense made Justin Herbert look like Dan Fouts. Drake Maye was battered to the point that he had no business being in the game in the fourth quarter. 
With the Bills likely set to play their JV guys in a meaningless Week 18 contest next Sunday, this was New England's last big chance to show what it could do against a playoff-caliber team. And the Patriots made the dysfunctional 1-15 unit from 1990 look like world-beaters. 
There are many villains, and it would be easy to go there, but significant changes must be made. And it starts at the top. 
Kraft and his son, Jonathan, must put their egos aside and make changes. Yes, we all know a lot of Hall of Fame coaches had subpar first years like Mayo has, but let's not pretend like Mayo is Chuck Noll (1-13 in 1969) or Bill Parcells (3-13 in 1983). Mayo is losing his locker room, and the fact that Kraft appointed Mayo the successor to Bill Belichick more than a half-decade ago is not a good look. 
Mike Vrabel or Ben Johnson should be the next head coaches in Foxboro. Mayo leaving his franchise quarterback in during a blowout to take a pounding in the fourth quarter is a bad look, especially after Maye went to the injury tent in the first quarter.  Which leads to my next point:
We all get it. Maye wants to play. He's a competitor. He's got to keep getting better and shifting. But is it really worth getting your best asset hurt? I'm not suggesting Maye should be shut down next week. But he had Chargers in his face on practically every snap. 
It's not his fault he's surrounded by one of the worst rosters in the league, but the entire coaching staff should get pink slips if Maye winds up on crutches between now and 4:30 next Sunday afternoon. Protect your best asset. 
Outside of Maye, Christian Gonzalez, and maybe Hunter Henry, nobody's roster spot is safe heading into 2025. Major shakeups are needed, especially in the wide receiver room and offensive line. If guys are playing for their jobs, they're certainly looking at pink slips this offseason. 
It has to happen, especially with Maye on a rookie contract and the Patriots boasting the most salary cap space in the league. There's no way the Patriots can "run it back" in 2025.  They may have to overspend if they want to land a quality free agent (hello, Tee Higgins), but the Patriots need to start investing.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.