(Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
In a Republican presidential debate that should have left CNN with more criticism than the candidates, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis and former United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley chewed up their screen time taking shots at each other, much to the distaste of some viewers.
While Haley and DeSantis took the CNN stage at the first GOP debate not sanctioned by the Republican National Committee (RNC) on Wednesday, the clear front-runner, former President Donald Trump, joined Fox News for a town hall. Despite being the overwhelming favorite and skipping the opportunity to debate his challengers, Trump was out of sight and out of mind for Haley and DeSantis. (RELATED: ‘Continually Fail’: GOP To End Debate Season In Disney’s Arms)
The ceaseless, misleading, ticky-tack cherry-picking of each other’s records is as tedious as it is ineffectual. What are these two doing?
— Isaac Schorr (@isaac_schorr) January 11, 2024
Even despite Jake Tapper and Dana Bash’s best efforts to bring Trump into the conversation on the debate stage, mentions of the Iowa leader were kept to a minimum.
Tapper’s first two questions focused on Trump, beginning by asking candidates to explain why Iowa caucus voters should choose them over Trump. The candidates instantly engaged in back-in-forth less than a few minutes into the program. 
“Every time he lies, Drake University, don’t turn this into a drinking game because you will be overserved by the end of the night,” Haley concluded her opening statements, plugging her campaign’s site “DeSantislies.com.”
“We don’t need another mealy-mouthed politician who tells you what she thinks you want to hear, just to try to get your vote, then to get into office and to do her donors’ bidding,” DeSantis quipped.
“Rather than have him go and tell you all these lies, you can go to DeSantisLies.com, and look at all those … there’s at least two-dozen lies that he has told about me, and you can see where fact-checkers say exactly what’s going to happen,” Haley responded in her remarks.
Just nine minutes into the program, social media users seemed displeased with the bickering.
“[H]ave to say – the early squabbling, while not unexpected, made them both seem fairly small. they landed barbs that thrilled campaign operatives but the tenor may not have been what voters are looking for,” Scott Jennings, a GOP strategist, tweeted.
Good to see that we finally got the debate I was asking for and it’s making me want to drink bleach
— Seth Mandel (@SethAMandel) January 11, 2024
Tapper then tried again, asking candidates if they believe Trump has the character to be president a second time.
DeSantis listed off a few areas where Trump fell short of his promises in office, such as building a border wall and cutting the debt, before pivoting his answer to bash Haley.
“I debated the governor of California Gavin Newsom, I thought he lied a lot, man, Nikki Haley gives him a run for his money, and she may even be more liberal than Gavin Newsom is,” DeSantis said, switching his response to attack the candidate on stage.
The candidates continued to take swipes at each other before the moderators put them in direct opposition, asking Haley if she believes DeSantis shares her commitment to back Ukraine.
“People like Nikki Haley care more about Ukraine’s border than she does about our own southern border, which is wrong,” DeSantis said after Haley advocated for continuing to arm Ukraine.
While Haley continued to plug her website detailing fact checks on DeSantis’ past statements in numerous answers, a cheery Trump joined Fox News to drum up attention and speculation as he teased his potential pick for vice president.
“Let me just ask you a follow up on that about who would be in your cabinet – in your administration. If you are the nominee, which I know you expect to be, who would be in the running for vice president?” Fox moderator Martha MacCallum questioned.
“Well, I can’t tell you that really. I mean, I know who it’s going to be,” Trump responded.
Into the second hour of the debate, the candidates went nearly twenty minutes without hardly mentioning the front-runner, until DeSantis finally admitted that he agreed with Haley on something — that Trump should be on the debate stage.
Is there a way to see how many people visit this stupid website in the state of Iowa? I would set the over/under at 26
— Brent Scher (@BrentScher) January 11, 2024
But the moment of peace did not last long before Haley continued to alternate between answering questions, criticizing DeSantis’ spending on private planes, calling out his campaign and plugging her website, “DeSantislies.com.”
“It’s a shame we had to put up DeSantislies.com,” Haley said while DeSantis claimed the former South Carolina has flip-flopped on keeping bathrooms segregated on the basis of biological sex.
Haley has drastically overplayed this website thing. It has become more annoying than anything Vivek ever did in a debate, and that’s a high bar. #CNNdebate
— Scott Jennings (@ScottJenningsKY) January 11, 2024
The arguing was so constant that at one point DeSantis used his time meant for a response to a question about his education record to fire back at a previous Haley remark.
”I’ll get to that in a second,” DeSantis said before claiming Haley never was able to implement school choice in South Carolina while she was governor.
Many didn’t seem charmed by Haley’s website plug, or DeSantis’ attempt to challenge her track record as governor. Most social media users were turned off.
“I [now] understand the general message of this debate. It’s this: We’re all dead, and this is our Hell,” John Podhoretz, a New York Post columnist, wrote on Twitter.
“Doubtful that so many rapid-fire accusations of lying back and forth make an impression on anyone,” Rich Lowry, National Review’s editor-in-chief, tweeted.
Neither candidate is running to get into first place. I’m out. pic.twitter.com/20IFZvn3QJ
— Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) January 11, 2024
Poking fun at the constant tension and bickering occurring on stage, Tapper and Bash made an attempt to conclude the debate by asking Haley and DeSantis to name something they like best about each other. But even the question didn’t draw out the love the moderators were looking for.
“There’s a lot of great people there and I think to be able to have been able to be governor there is a great achievement and I really appreciate everyone I’ve gotten to meet in South Carolina,” DeSantis said.
“I think he’s been a good governor,” Haley simply said, which CNN reported drew “quiet laughs.”
Follow Reagan on Twitter
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP