Every Minnesota Vikings fan awaits one offseason domino. 
His name is Kirk Cousins, and he’s on deck to hit free agency for the first time in over 2,000 days this March. Minnesota has a choice: extend Cousins for a year, two, or three — or embark on the post-Cousins era, presumably with a rookie quarterback from the 2024 NFL Draft. 
The Vikings fan community is close to evenly split on predicting Cousins’ fate. It’s not like past years when Cousins staying in purple was a no-brainer, with any trade-Cousins fodder fueled by those who don’t necessarily enjoy his skillset or contract. This go-round is different. The 35-year-old quarterback could very realistically leave the franchise after six seasons.
But according to Bleacher Report, Cousins won’t depart Minnesota, at least not yet. BR’s David Kenyon offered predictions on the league’s Top 10 free agents last weekend, and for Cousins, that’s staying with the Vikings on a two-year, $82 million contract. 
Kenyon explained, “Even after an Achilles injury ended his 2023 season, the single-largest annual value will belong to Kirk Cousins. The questions, however, are simple: How long and with which team. Without a doubt, the Minnesota Vikings would prefer to keep him.”
Cousins tore his Achilles in Week 8 of the 2023 season at Lambeau Field, inconveniently at the precise moment the Vikings hit their groove. Minnesota tabulated a 24-3 lead over the hated Green Bay Packers on that October day, and about one hour later, Cousins’ Achilles ruptured. Such is life for a Vikings fan. 
“Despite that injury, Cousins—who will turn 36 in August—has otherwise been a durable QB, so he’s not an abnormal injury risk. He’d been playing at a decently high level before the unfortunate setback, too. Wherever he lands, it’s fair to expect Cousins will ink a two- or three-year contract with no less than $35 million per season and likely above $40 million,” Kenyon added. 
Kenyon also forecasted a different Viking’s future. He claimed that outside linebacker Danielle Hunter will join the Detroit Lions, a Vikings rival, on a three-year, $67 million deal. That arrangement would obviously make Vikings faithful grimace. 
If BR is incorrect, the Vikings would likely use its 11th pick in April’s draft to nominate a Cousins successor. Caleb Williams (USC), Drake Maye (North Carolina), Jayden Daniels (LSU), Michael Penix Jr. (Washington), J.J. McCarthy (Michigan), and Bo Nix (Oregon) are expected to go off the board in Round 1.
A free-agent decision on Cousins should be announced in the next 3-4 weeks. 
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. He hosts a podcast with Bryant McKinnie, which airs every Wednesday with Raun Sawh and Sal Spice. His Vikings obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream, ‘The Sopranos,’ Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band).
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.