Expectations for the Patriots 2024 season were pretty low at the start of the year, and although that remains the case even with Drake Maye finally the starter, things have taken a dramatic turn that was not anticipated through what appeared to be a joyful offseason.
The new coaching staff had clearly made a positive change in the locker room after what had been reported to be a toxic environment over the last two seasons. Most players had expressed their excitement over Jerod Mayo's hiring, among others, and the worries about a young, inexperienced staff subsided.
But that didn't last long, as the offense was not able to work efficiently with Jacoby Brissett as the quarterback, and they haven't gotten much better since Maye replaced him. On top of that, the defense has also not been performing to its usual standard, and its production has actually gotten worse since the beginning of the year.
That has created many concerns surrounding Demarcus Covington's fit as the defensive coordinator despite his being part of Bill Belichick's previous staff. While those are certainly warranted, a new video has shed new light on Covington as a coach and how he approaches encouraging team unity, which is what the Patriots desperately need right now.
This is how you set an example and build a culture.#Patriots DC Demarcus Covington tells the defense to go celebrate with the offense if they score.Veteran OLB Anfernee Jennings immediately gets up, confident that they’ll score, and other players follow him.(🎥 @Patriots) pic.twitter.com/tazZAfUtWX
It might be a simple remark by Covington, as he tells the defense they will celebrate with the offense if they score on their current drive. However, given how poorly things have been rumored to be in the locker room, small moments like this help build up a culture and bring unity within a locker room.
With wide receivers taking to Instagram to share their frustrations with their usage and allegations of a near mutiny taking place behind the scenes, the Patriots have been far from the happy team they appeared to be all summer long.
Covington's emphasis on celebrating moments as a team unit is more crucial than ever, even more so, as things aren't going to get any easier the rest of the way. If anything, the schedule is only getting harder, and the frustration over losing will continue to increase.
It would be nice to see more moments like this captured for fans to see and give a different perspective of what is going on with the team. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.