If you see a Keith Lee-style food review video of Desus Nice in a car eating something he may or may not be enjoying, don’t worry, it’s not because the comedian and former Showtime host’s opportunities dried up. Quite the opposite actually.
That video’s existence is a direct result of Nice’s latest gig, which involved him making a bet he had absolutely no business making. Trying and reviewing potentially undesirable food is the penance he had to pay.
As the co-host of a new sports and pop culture podcast with Scottie Beam called Bet!, Nice dipped a toe into the world of the Bravo Real Housewives series. And because Bet! involves Beam and Nice giving predictions and allowing fans to play along in online pools, he had to take a side on a topic not quite in his wheelhouse yet.
“I lost!" Nice said after walking off camera during a virtual interview with BetFTW. "I lost, but you know what, I'm not a sore loser. I'm actually going to post my promise. Gonna go to the restaurant."
The restaurant at the center of the bet is any owned by Lisa Vanderpump, who starred on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills for several years. Nice isn't optimistic about it.
In the spirit of their new show, produced by Hartbeat (Kevin Hart) and DraftKings, BetFTW asked the two Bronx natives to make a few more bets on upcoming sports and pop culture moments, including Friday’s bout between Mike Tyson and Jake Paul. Here's where they landed.
Desus Nice: Bet (Tyson will win but won't destroy Paul)
Scottie Beam: Bet (Tyson will destroy Paul)
DN: The thing is, I want old Mike. I want Mike from the 90s, where the match was like 38 seconds. But now Mike, he's, like, on podcasts. He's doing meditation. You know? And then also, y'all are both getting paid. There's no blood fury anymore. So I feel like it's gonna end like a technical knockout or something like that. I don't feel like he's gonna murder him. And sadly, that's what the streets want. The streets want to watch a man die in the ring. It's been quite some time, and, you know, they feed our blood lust. So I'm going to have to say, no, can't bet that.
SB: You can't bet that Mike Tyson's going to win?
DN: No, he's going to win. I don't think he's going to kill him in the ring.
SB: OK. I bet that Mike Tyson is going to tear him up. I'm putting it out in the universe, and that's why I'm doing it, because I refuse to believe that this man is really going to beat one of the greats. Like we've watched this. What's that man's name? What's his name? Jake Paul. To actually beat all these people up and come to Mike Tyson and do the same thing...
DN: But if you watch, they're not fighting for real.
SB: Well, somebody has to get in his ear and say, Hey, talk about your mother. That's how we need to get. And I hope that somebody gets in Mike Tyson's ear, because he do not play about his mom. So if somebody gets into his ear and says that, I hope that he takes his head off.
Both: No bet
SB: Clearly, the Carters have made it very clear that they don't need any of it. When we heard Jay Z's speech, we were very clear that we don't need it. We pointed it out. We want you to know, but even getting it this year would even feel like it feels forced. I don't want it, you know what I'm saying? So, yeah, I think it's good that she has a nomination. I'm happy that she's got nominations for a country genre, because that's what you deserve. You know, she's definitely gonna collect. But Album of the year, no.
DN: She already knows it too. And she doesn't need it at this point. At this point, if they gave it to her, it's just like a consolation prize. So no, we don't need that. Pass.
Both: Bet
DN: Oh, I'm saying a bet on that and it has nothing to do with actual basketball history, statistics or gameplay. I am a blind and faithful New Yorker, and the Knicks, it's early, but the Knicks are looking great. The Knicks are looking great. I like how KAT is fitting into the rotation. And you know what, I'm feeling strong. If Thibs gets his head out of his butt and does the rotation better, we'll be in a good place. So I am seeing us in an Eastern Conference Finals. That's a bet. I actually was tempted to make that bet.
SB: I agree. I've been a Knicks fan my whole life. My mom does not play about the Knicks. Nobody in my family plays. So I am blindly just going to say, yep. I agree.
Both: No bet
DN: I will say no bet, but I will say bet that he will get pardoned by Trump, because he is working hard for that.
SB: That's crazy. And I agree. No bet.
DN: Is he even running? He's too busy in the hookah lounges. He don't care about being mayor no more.
Both: No bet
SB: Kendrick Lamar is done. We've seen it. We all know who won. We all know it's over. I hope that we are all able to move on. I hope Drake takes a little break, and Kendrick can do his Super Bowl in peace. And that, you know, we lose some, we win some, but you live, you live to fight another day, right? But I hope not. I'm just tired of it.
DN: I think he's done. Even if he performs Not Like Us, that's all he has to do. He doesn't have to say anything extra.