e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The California Department of Transportation has completed the final design of a long-planned project to replace the Lagunitas Creek Bridge in West Marin.
The 95-year-old crossing on Highway 1 serves as the gateway to Point Reyes Station. The bridge, which is also known as “the green bridge,” crosses the creek just north of the Sir Francis Drake Boulevard turn toward Inverness and the coast.
About 35 residents attended a recent meeting at the Dance Palace in Point Reyes Station to learn more about the project. Caltrans is now taking its plans to the California Coastal Commission for permit approval.
“The bridge is not seismically fit, and retrofit is not an option because of its age,” said Matt O’Donnell, a Caltrans spokesperson. “It will be a complete teardown and rebuild. It will be much safer, and ADA-compliant once it’s finished.” ADA is the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The bridge was built in 1929 and sits near the San Andreas Fault. About 15 years ago, Caltrans determined the bridge does not meet safety and seismic design standards, requiring a replacement.
In 2018, the bridge replacement was estimated to cost $5.8 million.
That year, a group called Friends of the Green Bridge filed a lawsuit alleging that the project violated the California Environmental Quality Act. The lawsuit said the state’s final environmental impact report should have included retrofitting as an option.
The lawsuit landed before Judge Andrew Sweet in Marin County Superior Court. In 2021, he ruled in favor of Caltrans.
The plaintiffs appealed to the 1st District Court of Appeal in San Francisco. In 2023, a three-judge appellate panel affirmed the earlier decision by Sweet.
The bridge project is now estimated to cost $21 million.
The travel lanes would remain at 11 feet wide, but 5-foot shoulders will be added to accommodate bicycle lanes in each direction.
The project also would include a sidewalk across the bridge, new curbs, new curb ramps and a highly visible crosswalk at the Sir Francis Drake Boulevard intersection.
A culvert north of the bridge would be lengthened to match the new bridge width.
To recognize the former bridge, metal portions will be painted a similar green.
Caltrans is planning for construction in the summer of 2026, O’Donnell said.
Caltrans will need to mitigate the environmental impacts of the construction by restoring all disturbed areas with hydroseed and native plant species, O’Donnell said.
Caltrans staff also is working with the county and local business owners to address the effects of a planned 21-day bridge closure.
Business owners worried that a full closure at the height of summer tourism would be detrimental to their livelihoods. With that in mind, Caltrans plans to conduct the closure after Labor Day weekend, O’Donnell said.
Point Reyes-Petaluma Road would be the main detour route for both northbound and southbound traffic. Caltrans plans to have a shuttle service available for bicyclists and pedestrians during the full closure.
“The county has supported this Caltrans project since its inception, as it will enhance the functionality and resilience of West Marin’s infrastructure,” said Christopher Blunk, assistant director of Marin County Department of Public Works. “Replacing the nearly 100-year-old bridge is critical to the long-term continuity of access for the residents of West Marin.”
Blunk said that while the county is not leading the project, staff want to assist Caltrans in determining how to minimize disruptions to the community during the construction.
Marin County Supervisor Dennis Rodoni, whose district includes the area, said Caltrans landed on a good project and he’ll be keeping an eye on how it progresses.
“Fortunately, these are such long-lead projects that we have plenty of time to figure out the wrinkles and address them,” Rodoni said.
The project is expected to be presented to the California Coastal Commission during its November session. The commission is meeting Nov. 13 through 15. A date for the hearing is pending.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group