More on KentOnline
News you can trust
20°C | 7°C
5 day forecast
  Home   Medway   News   Article
A Kent sailor who became the first Englishman to set foot in Japan has inspired a new Disney+ series.
Shōgun is based on a 1975 novel which details the remarkable true story of Gillingham-born Will Adams.
The series is set in Japan in the year 1600 at the dawn of a century-defining civil war.
Lord Yoshii Toranaga (Hiroyuki Sanada) is fighting for his life as his enemies on the Council of Regents unite against him, when a mysterious European ship is found marooned in a nearby fishing village.
Its English pilot, John Blackthorne (Cosmo Jarvis), comes bearing secrets that could help Toranaga tip the scales of power.
Both their fates become inextricably tied to their translator, Toda Mariko (Anna Sawai), a mysterious Christian noblewoman and the last of a disgraced line.
The character of Blackthorne is based on Will Adams.
Found in a letter written in his later years, he said: “I am a Kentish man, born in a town called Gillingham, two English miles from Rochester, one mile from Chatham, where the King’s ships do lie.”
Born in 1564, he served in the Royal Navy where he fought under Sir Francis Drake.
He also spent time on ships heading to the Arctic, Africa and Asia.
Adams signed up to a Dutch expedition to the West Indies in 1598. However, the crew faced heavy storms along the way.
It resulted in him becoming the first Englishman to set foot in Japan after he washed up on the island of Kyushu.
Despite being imprisoned, he eventually went on to become the aide and diplomatic advisor to Shōgun Tokugawa Ieyasu, after impressing him with his knowledge of vessels and navigation.
The sailor was made famous by James Clavell’s bestselling novel – a fictionalised version of Adams’ story which was first released in 1975.
In 1980, it was adapted into a popular miniseries starring Richard Chamberlain.
Michaela Clavell, James’ daughter and manager of his publishing rights told Variety: “He actually read for two years on the history of the period before he ever began the novel.
“He was thoughtful about the period, and knowledgeable about the period.
“TV was very limited as to what they could show, what they could do. And it was groundbreaking for the time.”
Adams died at Hirado, north of Nagasaki, on 16 May 1620, aged 55.
In May 2020, his remains were formerly identified after being found by excavators in Hirado.
Due to advances in genetic sequencing, and despite only 5% of the skeleton surviving, scientists were able to confirm the bones are of a northern European between 40 and 59 years of age.
Experts at the University of Tokyo confirmed the man died between 1590 and 1620 – which matched with the former Gillingham man’s death.
Over the years, the sailor has been honoured with several places being named after him.
The link between Medway and Japan has previously been celebrated at the Will Adams Festival in Gillingham Park.
It aimed to introduce people to an important part of the borough’s history, as well as to learn about and experience today’s East Asian culture.
In November 2014, more than £100,000 was spent on creating a Japanese-themed garden at the centre of the Will Adams roundabout in Watling Street.
Its construction, which took a year longer than expected, caused a lot of controversy at the time.
The Will Adams pub in Saxton Street has been run by licensees Peter and Julie Lodge for the last 30 years.
Last year, the boozer even received a mention in the prestigious CAMRA’s Good Beer Guide.
Shōgun premiered on Disney+ at the end of February. The 10-episode limited series will release a new instalment each week.
Six episodes of Shōgun are now available to watch on the online streaming platform.
Trying to find the right nursery, school, college, university or training provider in Kent or Medway? Our Education Directory has everything you could possibly need!
This website and its associated newspaper are members of the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
© KM Group 2025