The Dallas Cowboys got off to a hot start against the Atlanta Falcons. They (finally) chose to defer after winning the coin toss and the defense shockingly got a stop. 
The offense marched down the field on the ensuing drive but had to settle for a field goal after Zack Martin missed a block on a screen pass to Rico Dowdle. Dowdle had enough real estate to potentially score a touchdown. 
That missed opportunity might loom large as the Falcons have since taken a 7-3 lead via a Drake London touchdown catch in the red zone. 
With DaRon Bland out injured again, Kirk Cousins has picked on rookie Caelen Carson, who has allowed at least three first downs as of this writing. Trevon Diggs is also playing banged up with a calf injury, so the Cowboys can't afford another injury in their secondary. 
Well, since this season is seemingly cursed, defensive MVP Jourdan Lewis left injured in the second quarter after taking a hit to the midsection. 
With Jourdan Lewis out with a health issue, Israel Mukuamu went to the slot and Juanyeh Thomas has also checked in at safety for Donovan Wilson. Malik Hooker playing deep safety.
UPDATE: Jourdan Lewis has returned to the game. 
It is a huge relief that Lewis is back in the game. While the Cowboys' defense as a collective has been a major disappointment this season, Lewis has been rock-solid every week. He's been a tone-setter against the run and a stabilizing force in coverage. 
The eight-year Cowboy has allowed a 85.4 passer rating in coverage and just 7.2 yards per catch, according to Pro Football Focus (subscription required). His 74.7 coverage grade is the highest among Dallas' defensive backs. In fact, no other Cowboys DB has a coverage grade north of 57.0. 
It's been that kind of year in Dallas. 
The Cowboys actually forced a turnover with Lewis off the field, but the offense wasn't able to capitalize. On the ensuing drive, Cousins connected with Darnell Mooney for a touchdown on 4th-and-3 to extend Atlanta's lead to 14-3. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.