Learn the appropriate Passover greetings to use during the Jewish holiday. 
In Jewish tradition, the story of Passover (Pesach in Hebrew) is told in Exodus, the second book of the Torah. The foundational tale is revisited each spring as Jews celebrate Passover, a major religious holiday that traditionally lasts for eight days. Passover begins on the 15th day of the Hebrew month Nisan, which changes annually on the Gregorian calendar. 
There are a number of important Passover traditions observed by practicing Jews during this time, including not eating leavened bread and hosting or attending Passover seders. Whether or not you celebrate Passover, you might be curious about traditional Passover greetings to use during the holiday.
Whether you're attending a seder for the first time or you want to greet a Jewish friend or colleague appropriately, knowing the proper terminology will definitely be appreciated. As with any religion, greetings vary from holiday to holiday and not all of them are considered "happy." The English, Hebrew, or Yiddish Passover greeting you choose may depend on the level of observance of the person you're wishing well. Here are some of the most common Passover greetings by language. 
First of all, yes, you can — and should — wish someone a happy Passover during the holiday. If you're most comfortable sticking to English, "Happy Passover" is perfectly acceptable, and your Jewish friends and loved ones will appreciate the sentiment. 
For those who keep their home kosher for Passover (removing all leavened grains, known as chametz ahead of the holiday), you can wish them a "kosher and joyous Passover."   
If you're a beginner who wants to try your hand at saying Happy Passover in Hebrew, you can start by saying "Happy Pesach," which is the Hebrew word for Passover. This is pronounced PEH-sach, with emphasis on the "ch" (like in the name Bach). 
Another option is to say "chag sameach," which is not specific to Passover but is the Hebrew equivalent of saying "happy holidays." To make the phrase Passover specific, you just add "Pesach." So, "chag Pesach sameach." To wish someone a kosher and joyous Passover in Hebrew, it would be "chag Pesach kasher vesame'ach." This is pronounced as follows: CHAG PEH-sach kah-SHER ve-sah-MAY-ach, according to Chabad. 
An alternative phrase to use before the holiday begins is to wish someone a zissen Pesach, or a sweet Passover. 
You may also hear "gut yom tov," which essentially means "have a good holiday." This is another greeting that is not Passover-specific and works for other Jewish holidays. 
Jamie (she/her) is the news and SEO editor at Good Housekeeping. She oversees GH's digital news strategy, assigning and editing celebrity and entertainment news content. Before joining Good Housekeeping in 2024, she was the digital editor at Woman's Day. She has over 7 years of professional experience writing and editing lifestyle content for the Rachael Ray Show, The Knot, Martha Stewart Weddings, Insider, Elite Daily and more. She holds a BFA in Writing, Literature and Publishing from Emerson College and lives in Brooklyn with her cats Lumos, Linus and Milo.
Kate Franke (she/her) is an editorial assistant in the Hearst Lifestyle Group, covering for Woman's Day and Good Housekeeping. She loves all things lifestyle, home, and market related. Kate has a BAJMC in Magazine Media and BA in Writing from Drake University. She is a proud ASME alum whose work has appeared in Food Network Magazine, The Pioneer Woman Magazine, Better Homes & Gardens, Modern Farmhouse Style, Beautiful Kitchens & Baths, and more. Next to writing, Kate’s two favorite things are chai lattes and pumpkin bread!
55 Unique Religious Gifts for Christians
Hanukkah Blessings for Lighting the Menorah
The True Meaning of Hanukkah
Calming Bible Verses for Stressful Times
Short Prayers for Safe Travel and Peace of Mind
Bible Verses About Family and Love
Unique Christian Gifts for Women
Christian Gifts for Men He'll Use All Year
The Full Meaning Behind a Butterfly's Colors
Fun Diwali Instagram Captions
Happy Diwali Wishes to Welcome Love and Light
Most Popular Verses in the Bible
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.