Filed under:
The Denver Broncos and the Atlanta Falcons have released their first injury report of the week ahead of their matchup this Sunday.
The Denver Broncos and the Atlanta Falcons released their first injury report of the week before their week 11 matchup this Sunday at Mile High Field in Denver. The Broncos received some good news with one of their receivers returning to action while the Falcons come in with a lengthy injury report. 
Earlier today, the Broncos announced that they had designated veteran wide receiver Josh Reynolds to return from the injured reserve. He can begin practicing and has three weeks before he’ll have to be activated off the IR or else he’ll remain on the list for the remainder of the season. Reynolds who is returning from a hand injury practiced fully today so it appears he is on the fast track to be activated. He also had that scary off-the-field incident but it appears to be okay and moving on from that. 
Outside of that, the Broncos are fairly healthy heading into their week 11 matchup. Both Drew Sanders and Delarrin Turner-Yell who has been designated to return off the injured reserve practiced fully today along with P.J Locke who is still dealing with a thumb injury. It’ll be interesting to see how Sanders and Turner-Yell factor into things moving forward.
Zach Allen had a well-deserved rest day but is also dealing with some sort of elbow injury. It doesn’t appear to be anything concerning. Safety Brandon Jones was limited today with an abdomen injury which is a new addition to the injury report. A limited practice is a good sign but we’ll have to monitor that throughout the week. 
Here is your entire Wednesday injury report for the Denver Broncos ahead of their matchup with the Atlanta Falcons this Sunday.
The Falcons enter the week with a lengthy injury report that had a total of five players sit out of practice and another nine players limited. Their number one wide receiver Drake London practiced fully but is dealing with a hip injury. He appears good to go on Sunday and will see a heavy dose of Patrick Surtain II throughout the game. 
It is early in the week, but we’ll have to see how these Falcons players trend throughout the remainder of the week. Another notable name on the Falcons injury report is quarterback Kirk Cousins. He was limited with a right shoulder injury and a right elbow injury. He will be good to go on Sunday, but it’ll be interesting to see how he fairs against a Broncos pass rush that has been getting after, hitting, and sacking the quarterback. 
Here is your entire Atlanta Falcons injury report ahead of their matchup this Sunday vs. the Denver Broncos. 
BOLD - Indicates change in status; NIR­- Indicates not injury related; *- Team conducted a walk-through / report is an estimation; UNDERLINE- Player is on Reserve or Exempt List and has returned to practice
STATUS DEFINITIONS: Did not participate (DNP); Limited: means less than 100 percent of a player’s normal repetitions; Full—100 percent of player’s normal repetitions; Out: will not play; Doubtful: Unlikely to play; Questionable: Uncertain to play
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.