The Patriots were predicted to have a tough 2024 season under the new leadership of Jerod Mayo and a long list of new staff members in the team's first year after Bill Belichick. Although there were high hopes throughout the offseason that might not be the case, which then trickled over due to their shocking upset win in the season opener, the assumption has been proven correct as they head into Week 6 with a 1-4 record.
It's prompted endless questions about Mayo's coaching ability and the staff he's chosen to surround himself with, leading to many calling for immediate changes just five weeks into the season. It got to the point of the head coach being asked about a potential mid-season firing of offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt, which shows just how poorly the season has gone thus far.
To put a cherry on top of all the negativity, a Patriots.com reporter suggested a mutiny was nearing in the locker room over the decision to keep Jacoby Brissett in at quarterback. Whether or not that led to the eventual decision to bench the veteran for rookie Drake Maye, we'll likely never know.
However, the response from the decision has been resoundingly positive, something Mayo shared with reporters on Friday, indicating there may have been a hint of truth behind the unfavorable rumor.
Now that we're at Week 6 with the Texans in town, all eyes will be on the Patriots, as Maye will be making his NFL starting debut.
It was a decision that was met with optimism and skepticism, given the timing of the quarterback change, which seemed a bit questionable. However, the vast majority believe it's better late than never, which was starting to look like Maye's inevitable future during his rookie season.
Going against one of the best defensive lines in the league won't make the day easy for the 22-year-old, yet it might also not be unfamiliar territory. Maye dealt with a weak offensive line throughout his two years as the starting quarterback for UNC, so he might have a better handle at navigating the Patriots' questionable protection on Sunday.
Regardless of what happens, it will certainly be a day that fans remember and will forever be marked as the start of the Maye era in New England.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.