Home   News   Article
A talented Inverness teenager is celebrating a double achievement as they make their mark in song and in the written word.
RÓ - Ró Ó hEadhra - has not only released a debut single, Needing More, but has also been named as one of Scotland’s Young Makars for 2024 by the Scottish Poetry Library.
RÓ (17), who identifies as non-binary, has a diverse range of other artistic abilities including photography, illustration, and acting.
As a versatile artist, they create profound works which explore themes such as identity, childhood memories, Gaelic culture, nature, and justice.
Duo to launch acoustic music club in Wee Bar in Inverness
Although it may be RÓ’s debut single, they are no stranger to the music scene.
Dad Brian Ó hEadhra and mum Fionnag NicChoinnich, are acclaimed Gaelic singers.
Needing More, recorded in the family’s home studio, features contributions from Brian on keyboards plus Fionnag and Órla Ní Eadhra, Ró’s sister, on backing vocals.
It showcases RÓ’s intricate finger-picking guitar skills and evocative songwriting.
Their music is inspired by artists such as Adrianne Lenker, Nick Drake, and Elliott Smith, as well as from the Scottish and Irish traditions passed on by their family in the Highlands and Ireland.
In addition to their musical talents, RÓ is a skilled photographer, illustrator and emerging actor, regularly teaching music and acting at local Gaelic language youth events and Eden Court Theatre.
RÓ is also among five young poets who have been welcomed by the Scottish Poetry Society to the third year’s intake on its young makars mentoring programme.
It consists of three one-to-one sessions with an established poet along with opportunities throughout the year for the makars to showcase their work in festivals and publications.
RÓ is the Scottish Gaelic representative and will be mentored by Niall O’Gallagher, Glasgow’s Gaelic Makar.
“This is an amazing opportunity,” RÓ said.
“I hope to learn from experienced poets who can help improve and inspire my writing.
“I look forward to connecting with other young poets who share my passion, offering each other support, inspiration and having opportunities for collaboration.”
In the coming year, RÓ is looking forward to promoting their debut single and live sound and is planning to record more and do some live concerts in Scotland and online.
The family will be performing at Under Canvas at Eden Court in Inverness on Wednesday August 14.
Sian, a Gaelic trio, will also be performing and Ró will sing a few of their songs there, too.
On August 17, the family will take part in a fundraising concert at Abriachan Village Hall to help with relief efforts for Palestinians.
RÓ can be followed on social media and streaming platforms including YouTube: YouTube and Spotify.
RÓ can also be found on Instagram, Facebook, Bandcamp, iTunes and Apple Music.