Marvin Harrison Jr. is the top non-quarterback prospect entering the 2024 NFL Draft.  The former Ohio State standout dominated as a playmaker during his final year with the Buckeyes, showing off his elite talent at the position and his ability as a game changer on the big stage.
Ranking as the No. 1 playmaker in a deep and talented wide receiver class, Harrison Jr. decided to skip the 2024 NFL Combine that may have added more intrigue surrounding the son of Hall of Famer Marvin Harrison Sr.  Still, with a projected 40-time in the high 4.3’s along with his exceptional route running ability, Harrison Jr. is high on the list of a few teams at the tip of the 2024 NFL Draft.
With other top wide receiver talent like Rome Odunze and Malik Nabers headlining attention, the 6-foot-3, 205-pound receiver stands apart because he is a difference maker on the field that can make a quarterback better. In marveling about what Harrison Jr. brings to the field, ESPN NFL Draft expert Mel Kiper Jr.’s hype of the Ohio State star goes beyond physical attributes.
“Marvin Harrison Jr., you love the size, the physicality, contested catches, the consistency as well,” Kiper said. “But I think the skillset he brings to the table and the mindset. Keep in mind, his dad is obviously a Hall of Famer. Brought that businesslike approach. Marvin Harrison Jr. is all about football and he’s gonna make everybody in that locker room and practice field focus on one thing, which is winning football. So his value goes beyond what he does on the football field as a player. His attitude, his approach is top-notch.”
So, in examining the best NFL fits for Harrison Jr. in the NFL Draft, we look at teams who may be either a playmaker a way from making noise in the NFL or in need of a No. 1 receiver.
As a team in desperate need of a quarterback, the Patriots are destined to take a quarterback with the No. 3 overall pick in the 2024 NFL Draft, but there is a path where they could select Harrison Jr. and target a quarterback later in the draft.  
The Patriots are likely to part ways with Mac Jones, but their reported interest in a veteran quarterback like Baker Mayfield in NFL free agency signals a team exploring all avenues in revamping their offense post-Bill Belichick.  
In drafting a generational wide receiver like MHJ, the Patriots will finally have that top outside threat they have been yearning for since the days of Randy Moss.  Furthermore, they just need a playmaker opposing defenses will have to gameplan for, a player who makes the quarterback better.  
Harrison Jr. would also add to the culture the Patriots are trying to rebuild within the organization.  As a high-character guy with high talent on the field, the Ohio State product would be a safe choice at No. 3, especially if the team does not see Jayden Daniels or Drake Maye as the answer that high up in the draft.  
In other words, a team with many needs can just draft a quarterback to draft a quarterback.  As Patriots fans have found out the last few seasons, surrounding the quarterback position with offensive talent around him is just as important.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.