Sunshine and clouds mixed. High 82F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph..
                                
Some passing clouds. Low near 60F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 1:30 pm
BRAZORIA — Bedecked in a crown and sash, Brazoria officials and residents fetéd Sheila Williams’ service to the city during a retirement party July 31 in her honor. Williams turned in her keys after 27 years as a city employee, the last two as city manager.
“I’m going to miss everybody,” Williams said. “There were so many citizens that I had relationships with. So many have come up to City Hall to say goodbye. It feels good that people know who you are and are going to miss you.”
Susan Avera Holt is the editor and news content coordinator for West Brazos Weekly, a publication of The Facts. Contact her at 979-285-5434.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Get a list of the day’s obituaries, delivered to your inbox every day.
Would you like to receive our daily headlines? Signup today!
Get the latest local and national sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning.
Receive updates on the latest issue of The Facts.
Receive the daily weather forecast and the weekly outlook in your inbox each morning.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Receive email alerts anytime there is breaking news or a severe weather alert.
Get a list of the day’s obituaries, delivered to your inbox every day.
Would you like to receive our daily headlines? Signup today!
Get the latest local and national sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning.
Receive updates on the latest issue of The Facts.
Receive the daily weather forecast and the weekly outlook in your inbox each morning.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.