I'm consistently trying to hike when I have time to in the Midwest, but I've still never come across a bear den. I have, however, stumbled across a black bear during my adventures hiking in the Smoky Mountains.
Well, if you’ve ever discovered a black bear den in Wisconsin, the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) wants to hear from you! In an effort to improve population models and understand the impact of diet on bear reproduction, the DNR is seeking help from the public to locate and document black bear dens. This effort is part of the ongoing Black Bear Litter and Diet Survey, now entering its fourth year, aimed at tracking bear reproduction rates and understanding factors that influence cub survival.
Did you know there are an estimated 24,000 black bears in Wisconsin? Well, the primary goal of the Black Bear Litter and Diet Survey is to get an accurate picture of Wisconsin’s black bear population and reproduction trends within specific zones, which will help shape bear management and conservation strategies in the state. By gathering data on bear reproductive rates and cub survival, the DNR can improve the accuracy of its population estimates, helping to protect both bears and people more efficiently.
But there’s another reason, researchers are exploring whether bears that have access to human food sources, like garbage and crops, might show different reproductive behaviors. Diet can impact factors like litter size and cub health, so tracking both den locations and bear diet will help reveal connections that could be important for managing bear populations. It's also important to note that black bear populations are beginning to expand further south each year. This provides them additional dietary resources that current bear populations might not normally come into contact with.
The DNR needs help to spot these dens, especially in central and western Wisconsin (zones C, D, and E). Black bear dens are tricky to find, so the more eyes, the better! If you happen to know of an occupied bear den, the DNR is asking you to report it through their online form.
Here’s what they’re hoping you can provide, from a safe distance, of course:
Once a den is reported, the DNR research team will determine if they can safely and feasibly survey it. The team collaborates with reporters and landowners, sometimes inviting them to participate in the field survey if a visit is scheduled. Priority is given to currently occupied dens, so if you spot one, don’t hesitate to report it!
Scientists in Wisconsin are hoping to work with the bears when they are in their state of torpor, which occurs as bears both go into and come out of hibernation. It is a state when they are not quite fully active or aware yet, so the timeliness of bear reports is important.
If the research team does survey a den, they’ll gather a variety of information, like the mother bear’s, or Sow’s, biological data including age, weight, and body measurements. The mother bear will then be outfitted with a GPS collar. This invaluable tool lets the DNR track her movements, foraging habits, and location over time. These collars are critical for learning more about bear reproduction and behavior.
The survey team takes special care to ensure the safety and health of the bears. A designated staff member closely monitors the sow’s breathing and heart rate while the rest of the team gathers samples. If there are cubs, they are carefully weighed and sexed, and team members tuck them into their coats to keep them warm since cubs can’t yet regulate their own body temperatures. I mean, who doesn't want to snuggle with a baby black bear.
Once the data is collected, the team gently returns the mother and cubs to their den. Even better, if you're curious about the process, check out the PBS Wisconsin special on the process below:
The Black Bear Litter and Diet Survey team hopes to collar around 100 bears over the next four to five years, aiming for about 20 collars in each bear management zone across the state. With this large-scale data, the DNR will be able to make more informed decisions about bear conservation and management. It will also give them a better idea about range traveled, and how sows decide where to cub.
Wisconsin residents are an invaluable part of this project. If you see a bear den, don’t get too close, but please do report it to help the DNR reach its goals. Reporting a bear den is as easy as filling out a form on the DNR’s website. Your input could make a real difference in understanding and protecting Wisconsin’s bear population. So, next time you’re hiking or out in nature, keep an eye out and ask yourself, “Where’s those bears?”
Gallery Credit: Tom Ehlers
Gallery Credit: Tom Drake
Gallery Credit: Tom Drake