Getty Images (2)
Meghan Markle and Joanna Gaines are both hard-working brunettes who keep a stylish chicken coop, embrace the modern farmhouse style and are married to goofy gingers with wild pasts. And now Meghan has launched a lifestyle brand — with plans to sell housewares, cookbooks and gourmet foods — which sounds a lot like the empire Joanna already rules over! Here’s how they match up.…
Meghan owns American Rivera Orchard and Meghan owns Magnolia.
The Duchess of Sussex is 42, and the Kansas native is 45.
Meghan lives in Montecito, California, and Joanna resides in Waco, Texas.
Meghan got her Bachelors in Theater and International Studies from Northwestern. Joanna got her Bachelors in Communications from Baylor.
The California native had her big break on Suits, and Joanna’s was on Fixer Upper.
Prince Harry is Meghan’s dream man, even though he was 30 minutes late to their first date. Meanwhile, Chip Gaines was an hour and a half late to his first date with Joanna.
Harry and Meghan share kids Archie, 4, and Lil, 2. Chip and Joanna share kids Drake, 19, Ella, 17, Duke, 15, Emmie, 14, and Crew, 5.
Meghan’s Archewell Productions’ secured a five-year contract with Netflix, making their brand worth about $135 million. Joanna’s Magnolia Network is co-owned by Warner Bros. Discovery, making their brand worth an estimated $1 billion.
Meghan has an estimated net worth of $60 million, and Joanna follows closely behind with an estimated net worth of $50 million.
“There comes a time in the life of a woman when her manic compulsion to be perfect vaporizes, and when her obsession to be popular eviscerates,” Meghan said. Meanwhile, Joanna has also shared her thoughts on perfectionism. She said, “I’d never felt so isolated, so alone, then when I was obsessing over making something go perfectly. I am enough, period.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: