Explore the hottest hotel openings, exclusive experiences and our expertly curated destination guides. 
The latest from the world of fine dining, reviews of rare spirits and delicious cocktail recipes. 
Discover the latest supercars, pioneering yacht builds and boundary-pushing private jets. 
Explore the worlds of haute horology and fine jewelry, as well as carefully selected style guides. 
Explore the finest properties on the market, standout interior styling and architectural wonders. 
From science-backed retreats to traditional spas, relax into the world of high-end wellness. 
Be inspired by our conversations with Leaders in Luxury, and explore the world of Art and Tech. 
Elite Collections is a trusted distinction of excellence, recognizing the world’s finest suites, restaurants and jets. 
Get insider access to luxury’s best-kept secrets and exclusive offers. Elevate your inbox with the best in refined living.
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.You will recieve a confirmation shortly
From thought-provoking masterpieces to beachside galas, these are the can’t-miss experiences. 
Words

Ellys Woodhouse 
Share

 November 24, 2024 

Just one sun-soaked social affair remains for the Elite Traveler to tick off before the Northern Hemisphere surrenders to winter, and ski boots and gloves become part of the daily uniform. And what better way to sign off the season than at Art Basel Miami Beach 2024, where the world’s top artists, collectors and A-listers gather for a week of cutting-edge art (and equally daring parties).
From December 4–8, 2024, Miami transforms into a playground of contemporary art and luxury, where collectors, celebrities and culture connoisseurs gather to celebrate groundbreaking exhibitions and indulge in an endless array of exclusive parties. From cutting-edge installations to electrifying social events, Art Basel Miami Beach 2024 has earned its reputation as North America’s most prominent international art fair.
In Elite Traveler‘s ultimate guide to Art Basel Miami Beach 2024, we’ll take you inside the can’t-miss experiences of the season – whether that’s admiring a thought-provoking masterpiece or sipping champagne at a beachside gala.
[See also: Art Basel Paris 2024: The Must-See Art, Installations and Events]
While Art Basel Miami Beach 2024 features art from 286 galleries in 38 countries, for the North American iteration of the world-famous art fair, naturally there’s a strong spotlight on galleries and artists hailing from the Americas. In fact they make up more than two-thirds of this year’s exhibitors, with galleries and artists representing Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay, Canada and, of course, the United States.
The event is separated into six categories – Galleries, Meridians, Nova, Positions, Survey and Kabinett – and hosts a series of talks alongside the exhibition. Among the highlights, artist Nicholas Galanin’s monumental 30-ft installation, Seletega (run, see if people are coming), on Faena Beach is sure to be a conversation starter. This site-specific work asks thought-provoking questions about our shared future and environmental responsibility. Another buzzworthy installation is Lyra Drake’s Infinite Faith in a Finite World, featuring a divine feminine oracle generated with custom AI, promising an interactive and forward-thinking experience. 
[See also: The Best Restaurants in Miami]
Soho Beach House, Miami 
As December rolls in, Soho House becomes the ultimate hangout for A-listers – expect to see its membership skyrocket as Art Week takes over Miami. The usual hotspot for the city’s cultural elite, Soho Beach House and the Miami Pool House will be buzzing with panels, parties, and beachfront activations, all with a distinctly artistic flair. Artwork by Soho House member and artist Typoe, powered by Porsche, will be displayed throughout the space, setting the stage for a week of unforgettable moments.
The return of the Beach Tent at Soho Beach House promises some of Art Week’s most exciting events, featuring a performance by singer-songwriter Amaarae, a DJ set by Eli Escobar, and thought-provoking Art Talks with prominent figures from the art world
LVMH Culture House 
For its fourth year, LVMH Culture House is making its return to Art Basel Miami Beach 2024, bringing a five-day pop-up gallery to the heart of the Miami Design District from December 4-8. This immersive experience celebrates the intersection of art, culture and luxury while highlighting the diverse narratives of artists of color, women and those with disabilities. The gallery fosters inclusivity, community and dialogue, amplifying perspectives through curated conversations and dynamic exhibitions.
Expect highlights like a curated art gallery showcasing a range of works from diverse artists, an exclusive panel featuring leaders from LVMH brands like Volcan de mi Tierra Tequila and Maison Francis Kurkdjian, and discussions on entrepreneurship with diverse industry leaders. Not to be missed is a special Culture Conversation with rapper Slick Rick, marking the 25th anniversary of his iconic album The Art of Storytelling​.
SXM Festival 
SXM Festival – one of the Caribbean’s most renowned music and arts festivals – takes over Miami for a day of unforgettable vibes at the stunning Tala Beach, 1 Hotel South Beach. On December 7th, from 12pm to 11pm, Destination SXM will transform the venue into an immersive tropical paradise where world-class electronic music, mesmerizing performances, and the vibrant decor that has made SXM Festival a global sensation come together to create a one-of-a-kind experience.
Julian Prince, the visionary founder and artistic director of SXM Festival, will bring his trademark energy to the decks, spinning sets that reflect the festival’s core values of love, happiness and music’s unifying power. Get ready for a day of dancing, magic and connection at this exclusive Art Basel event​. 
Art Basel Miami Beach 2024 takes place at the Miami Beach Convention Center from December 4–8, 2024 
artbasel.com/miami-beach
Words

Ellys Woodhouse 
Share

                 © 2025 Elite Traveler. All rights reserved                

                    © 2025 Elite Traveler. All rights reserved