There are several Pride Month events in New York and New Jersey to celebrate all month long.AP News
Pride Month is finally here, which means bring on all the celebrations!
From parades, festivals and other Pride-themed events celebrating the LGBTQ+ community, there are several parties and events to participate in around New York City and New Jersey this whole month.
Grab your Pride flags and all things rainbow because here are all the events you need to attend this Pride Month.
It’s Pride Party Cruise 2024 - (June 7-30, 10:30 p.m.-1:30 a.m.)
Pier 36 NYC, 299 South Street, New York, N.Y. 10002
Set sail under the Brooklyn Bridge and enjoy the New York City skyline while partying the night away on a Pride Month party cruise. It is a night of dancing and indulging on Pride-themed cocktails, so you don’t want to miss it. Buy tickets here.
Village Pride LGBTQ+ History Walking Tour - (June 8-Aug. 17, 10-11 a.m.)
McCarthy Square, Charles St. & Waverly Place, New York, N.Y. 10014
Celebrate Pride Month in the the heart of Greenwich Village by taking a Village Pride Walking Tour. You’ll hear the stories of LGBTQ+ activists and learn about New York City’s Queer history. Ticket holders will stop at several historical locations, such as Stonewall National Monument and the Jefferson Market Garden. Buy tickets here.
Drag Brunch at The Vogel: Pride Month Cele-brunch-ion - (June 8, 12 p.m.)
Count Basie Center for the Arts, 99 Monmouth St., Red Bank, N.J. 07701
Are you looking for an over-the-top brunch full of Pride? Then, look no further than a drag brunch at The Vogel. Lady Celestina and her drag queen friends want to celebrate with you all day. From french toast bread pudding to a bottomless mimosa package, there is really no reason why you should pass this brunch up. Tickets can be purchased here.
Hoboken Pride Bar Crawl - (June 22, 4-10 p.m.)
Madd Hatter Hoboken, 221 Washington St., Hoboken, N.J. 07030
This Hoboken bar crawl is a day to celebrate diversity, inclusivity, and equality, which means it’s one you don’t want to miss. Those who buy a ticket will get free entry into all participating bars, 50% off drink specials, 25% off select food specials and several themed drinks. Hoboken bars on the crawl will have rainbow flags or other symbols of support, and they’re a great place to meet other Pride supporters. Get more information and buy tickets here.
Jersey City Official Pride Bar Crawl - (June 22, 4-11 p.m.)
Grove Station, 116 Newark Ave., Jersey City, N.J. 07302
This Jersey City bar crawl is a day to celebrate love, diversity all while decked out in rainbow Pride colors. Each stop on the crawl includes specialty pride-themed cocktails and entertainment all night long. With your ticket can access several bars, 2-3 drinks or shots at each bar, drink specials and live music. Get more information and buy tickets here.
PRIDE Drag Brunch hosted by Vinchelle! - (June 23, 2:30-5 p.m.)
Vera Cherry Hill, 2310 Marlton Pike, West Cherry Hill, N.J. 08002
Grab your friends for an afternoon of brunch food and fabulous drag performances hosted by Vinchelle and starring Cyrus K Stratton, Dalyla Mizani Cristal and Joana Bowe with special guest Tiffany Uma Mascara. Tickets are available here.
New York City’s Pride March - (June 30, 11 a.m.)
25th St. and 5th Ave., New York, N.Y. 10011
New York City’s Pride March 2024 theme is “Reflect. Empower. Unite.” The theme will allow individuals to celebrate the LGBTQ+ community. It will also mark the 55th anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and the 40th anniversary of Heritage of Pride. The Pride March marshals are Baddie Brooks, DaShawn Usher, Eshe Ukweli, Michelle Visage, Miss Major, Robin Drake and Raquel Willis. More information about the march is available here.
PrideFest - (June 30, 11 a.m.)
Greenwich Village, New York, N.Y.
PrideFest is an annual LGBTQ+ street fair with exhibitors, food and activities for a fun day to celebrate equality. There will also be live music to enjoy during the event. More information about the fair is available here.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices