New England Patriots quarterbacks Drake Maye (10) and Jacoby Brissett (14) pass during an NFL football practice, Wednesday, June 12, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)AP
FOXBOROUGH — The Patriots have a clear quarterback hierarchy entering training camp.
According to coach Jerod Mayo, Jacoby Brissett is firmly at the top of the depth chart, with No. 3 overall pick Drake Maye, sixth-rounder Joe Milton, and Bailey Zappe trying to catch the veteran.
“I don’t think there’s any doubt Jacoby is the starting quarterback at this point in time,” Mayo said at Gillette Stadium on Tuesday morning. “...Coming out of the spring, I think it’s clear that Jacoby is the most pro-ready guy we have. He’s played a lot of football.”
However, it will be an open competition at training camp, which begins on Wednesday morning. Asked if he could envision Maye winning the job before Week 1 rolls around, Mayo said it’s “absolutely” a possibility.
“If Drake — and this goes to any position — if he comes out here and he lights it up... it could absolutely happen,” Mayo said. “I’ll sit here and tell you that coming out of the spring, Jacoby looks like the starting quarterback. With that being said, he’ll have competition. Let’s not forget about even Joe Milton. Let’s not forget about Zappe. All those guys will have opportunities to go out there and be the starting quarterback in Week 1.”
Maye has been billed as talented and raw coming out of North Carolina, but Mayo said there’s no plan to give the 21-year-old a redshirt season.
“Not at all,” Mayo said.
Mayo pointed to the success the Packers have had with sitting quarterbacks, but then pointed to the alternative as well.
“There have also been situations when a guy comes right in, right now and he balls out,” Mayo said. “So we’ll see what happens when we get out on the field.”
So what is the standard for Maye to win the starting job? Will a potentially shaky offensive line factor into the decision?
“To me, it goes back to the same word: Competition,” Mayo said. “It’s not about everyone else. It’s about, ‘Does this guy go out there and perform better than Jacoby?’”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices