NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WSMV/Gray News) – Rapper and hip-hop star Drake surprised a cancer survivor and fan who just finished chemotherapy with $100,000 at his Bridgestone Arena concert in Nashville Tuesday night.
Lauren Schwallier was diagnosed with cancer last year. And after six rounds of treatment, she decided to get out to see Drake perform. 
The “Hotline Bling” singer noticed Schwallier and her sign that read “Just Finished Chemo” with the help of other concertgoers who used their cell phone flashlights to put a spotlight on her.
“Somebody please get the cameras,” Drake said before Schwallier and her sign were displayed on the arena’s jumbotron. “Forget Drake, forget anybody else in the building right now. That’s a true soldier right there.”
Schwallier said she was “completely shocked” that he was talking about her. 
“The fact that I got recognized for all the trials that I’ve gone through is just insane,” she said. 
The crowd erupted into cheers as Drake acknowledged her, and then it erupted into even more cheers as he gave her a life-alternating gift. 
“I want you to cash this in at the end of the night,” he told Schwallier. “We’re going to give you $100,000 from me to you.”
Schwallier said she had to go sit down after the encounter. She said Drake’s business manager got all of her contact information after the show. 
Schwallier posted the video of the interaction on TikTok with the caption: “100k?!?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! Forever grateful for you.” 
“I was just shocked at the fact that (Drake) was looking at me and blew me a kiss,” she said.
Drake’s gift will completely cover Schwallier’s medical bills and gives her the ability to pursue what she loves most. 
“Music is my favorite so like, not being able to afford going to concerts was something. And just being able to put money aside for my daughter,” she said. 
Schwallier plans to continue to fight so she can show up for her family, including her 2-year-old daughter. 
“Just missing out on life with my daughter, and being able to fully be present with her has been really, really hard,” she said. 
Drake was in Nashville for a stop on his latest tour with J. Cole dubbed: “IT’S ALL A BLUR TOUR – BIG AS THE WHAT?”
Copyright 2024 WSMV via Gray Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. CNN Newsource contributed to this report.