Patriots.com Writer
Against the Cardinals, Drake Maye had over an 80 percent completion rate and 8.5 yards per attempt. The rushing game was also solid, averaging almost 5 yards per carry, and yet we only came away with 17 points. This is not the first time the offense has had pretty good efficiency without the points to back it up. So, my question is, what has to change? It seems like the offense is gaining yards on the plays we have, so how come we aren't seeing the total yards or scoring? – David Gregory
I think this would have been a better question after the Indianapolis game, when the offense racked up 422 total yards and moved inside the Colts red zone six times yet wound up with only 24 points. Against the Cardinals the Patriots really didn't move the ball at all until the last 10 minutes when the game had already been decided as Arizona was leading 23-3. Prior to those final two drives, the Patriots amassed 166 total yards and failed to record a single first down on four of their seven possessions. They did miss a field goal after a penalty stalled one drive, and in the second half they were stopped on back-to-back short yardage plays due to breakdowns up front blocking. So, the Patriots certainly could have had more points in Arizona, but the offense didn't really move the ball effectively until the very end of the game, which inflated the overall statistics. On a wider scope I'd say the offense lacks consistency and that's the main reason it doesn't score more often. The Colts game was the only one I felt the group consistently moved the ball, but penalties in the red zone prevented New England from putting more points on the board. It's been mistakes and poor execution pretty much each week that has held the group back.
When you consider the future of the Patriots, you are not considering the obvious facts: Drake Maye not running, poor play calling at obvious times in the game, unable to prove if draft choices at wide receiver have real talent , defensive play failures in the red zone … Has anyone ever considered this is another plan to get the best draft choice to rebuild this team and this is planned failure? – Terrence McCarthy
I guess we missed the obvious … the Patriots haven't won more because they're trying to lose. In all seriousness, there's no way people honestly believe the team isn't trying to win, right? Both last year and this year I haven't seen any evidence of a lack of commitment. Have there been mistakes, both physical and mental, both from the players and coaches … of course. But trying to limit Maye's running in an effort to keep him healthy doesn't qualify as trying to lose the game. And do you really think calling a running play up the middle on fourth-and-inches is an example of trying to lose? The wide receivers, particularly Ja'Lynn Polk, have gotten plenty of playing time and haven't done much to show they deserve more opportunities. Rookies and other young players are getting plenty of snaps on both sides of the ball. I completely understand the frustration with the state of the team at the moment, but I don't believe anyone is tanking.
What happened to last year's top 10 defense? – Gilbert Galvin
I think there are a number of reasons for the disappointing play of the defense. First and foremost is injuries and other absences. The defense has been without Christian Barmore, Ja'Whaun Bentley and Jabrill Peppers for large chunks of the season. Matthew Judon was traded before the season began. Kyle Dugger missed some time with an ankle injury and hasn't been the same since. So, there have been a lot of key personnel missing from the lineup. Another factor has been the opponents the Patriots have faced as opposed to last season. First, the Patriots were not a top 10 defense in 2023 … closer to middle of the pack in terms of points allowed. They did rank ninth in DVOA, so depending on which stats you prefer I see your point. But a big part of the unit's success last season came when facing backup quarterbacks. The Patriots allowed an average of 25.5 points in the 11 games they played against opposing starters, and that includes the Chargers game played in torrential rain and the Raiders game when backup Brian Hoyer played the last two-plus quarters. In the six games facing backups, the defense only allowed 14.3 points per game. So, there was a big difference when facing tough competition instead of the likes of Tommy DeVito and the Giants. In 2024, the Patriots have only faced two backups thus far – Miami's Tyler Huntley and Tennessee's Mason Rudolph. The defense played one of its better games against Huntley, allowing only 15 points. And the Titans had just 17 headed to overtime. So, I don't really think there's been as much of a drop-off defensively from last year to this year as many think. It's not been good, but at times it wasn't very good in the recent past, either.
Do you think Eliot Wolf is the right guy to rebuild our team? When you look at the situation on the field, then after you look at the practice squad, you end up chasing waivers released by other organizations. Is this the job of a good GM? – Yves Corbeil
There's no question that Wolf's first season in charge has not gone well. That said, I do believe he is the right guy for the job based on his background being around his father, Ron Wolf, and experience working in other organizations. Wolf needs time to reassess his roster and to identify some solutions to improve the overall talent level. The draft needs to be better, and his free agent work needs to be more aggressive. But like all individuals in these positions, Wolf will be evaluated on his performance and if it's not deemed to be acceptable the Patriots will move on. I feel he deserves the chance to make it right.
I'm in the make a run at Tee Higgins camp if it's a cash deal. My question then is this how we need to look at the left tackle dilemma? Will Campbell appears to be best available, arm length aside, so shouldn't he be our primary target? – Steve Earle
First, I agree that Tee Higgins should be a major target in free agency. Second, I have some reservations about Will Campbell and Kelvin Banks, the two tackles that are currently at the top of the draft list. Many feel Campbell will be a guard in the NFL, partly due to his arm length as you mentioned. I like Banks' profile better, but he did struggle badly in the regular season loss to Georgia, then unfortunately missed his chance for redemption in the rematch due to injury. If forced to take one, I'd choose Banks. However, as much as tackle is a major need, wide receiver, edge rusher and corner are major needs as well. If the Patriots are forced to stay at the spot, which projects to be in the top five, then I'd fall back on the best player available rather than focusing on the position. For example, if Travis Hunter projects as a better NFL player than Banks or Campbell, I'd go with Hunter. I'd then try very hard to grab a tackle early in the second round and hope for a result similar to when Matt Light as a second-rounder arrived back in 2001. Or Sebastian Vollmer, who was also a Round 2 pick.
I loved Jerod Mayo as a player, but it certainly feels like a very tough first year as a coach. If we moved on from Bill Belichick and drafted Drake Maye to be a potentially franchise altering quarterback, why shouldn't we have considered or start considering a head coach with more of an offensive background to pair with Drake Maye? I'm just confused by the organization's thought process here. – Sean Caldwell
I'll admit that I preferred an offensive-minded head coach to work with the rookie quarterback. That said, I understand what they saw in Mayo and felt his leadership qualities would be beneficial for a young team. Obviously, the first year has not gone anywhere near as smoothly as planned. But I get your preference for an offensive mind, and hopefully Alex Van Pelt can continue to work well with Maye down the stretch.
I think very highly of Jerod Mayo. The only other person I'd rather have as a coach is Mike Vrabel. It would be in poor taste to ask Jerod to take a lesser role so Vrabel can take over, but what about DeMarcus Covington? I thought he was a little inexperienced to take over DC just yet in his career. If Vrabel doesn't land another head coaching job this year, what are your thoughts on bringing him in as DC for a year until he can land a better job? You don't have to can Covington to do that though. Let him serve under Vrabel as an assistant overseeing the entire defense (not a positional coach). That way he can get some more experience and is ready to give defensive coordinator another try when Vrabel eventually leaves. Do you think that would be possible, and if so, reasonable for all parties involved? – Joel Lindgren
I don't mind your entire premise, but I do think it's unrealistic. First, Vrabel almost certainly will be getting a head coaching opportunity somewhere. He's already been tied to the Chicago opening as well as potentially going to Ohio State if Ryan Day gets fired. And it's hard to imagine a coach taking a huge demotion to stay with the same team, so Covington wouldn't likely be interested in a diminished capacity with the Patriots. It will be interesting to see what if any changes are made after the season.
With so much justly said about the Patriots awful miss rate on draft picks and free agents, can you relay what you believe are the fundamental steps to increase your odds of getting it right? Is it more tape reviews, more in-depth in person workouts, what? And where do you think the Pats are hurting themselves in this process? There is no hope for them if they don't start getting this right more often. – John Forsythe
I've been wondering for a while what decision making formula the Patriots use for assessing college players and ranking them on their draft board. Other teams seem to draft better than the Patriots, and I imagine their metrics are different. Do you agree that we need to hire a person, or employ a different formula, in order to get more actual production out of our drafts? – Greg Kelley
I don't think there are any changes needed for the personnel department in terms of preparation. I know the group conducts a wide range of interviews, on-field workouts and overall scouting of all the prospects each and every year. It is not for a lack of effort and attention to detail. Part of it is simply that it's not an easy process and the Patriots have not had great results in recent years. Another part of it that doesn't get as much attention is the development of the prospects once they get here. Players who are drafted clearly have talent necessary to compete, so whether or not they succeed depends largely on how they are developed and what kind of drive they have to improve and develop. So, there are a variety of factors at work, and the Patriots need to improve in that area.
When do you think the Patriots will realize that paying to retain loyal leadership talent is a better investment than letting key players go (to start and even star with other teams) and then panicking and overpaying for free agents that underperform relative to the newly departed? Do you think that the once a Patriot, always a Patriot concept (that successfully brought back the likes of Patrick Chung, Kyle Van Noy, Jamie Collins, Brian Hoyer etc. for multiple tours of duty) can be sustained? – Brian Fiedler
I'm not sure which players the team let go recently that would fall into the category of leaders sent packing. Last offseason the Patriots re-signed a host of players who I feel you are talking about – David Andrews, Hunter Henry, Davon Godchaux, Kyle Dugger, Jabrill Peppers, Mike Onwenu … the list goes on. I don't know of a single example of player they let go that is starring with another team this season. So, I do think the Patriots can sustain their success in sticking with players who are proven to be successful in their system, and they don't necessarily have to leave and return in order to make that happen. Of the four players you mentioned above, only Chung was better when he returned than he was the first time around. So, returning isn't a requirement for success.
Thank you for the weekly answers you provide here; they really go a long way in helping me understand the various aspects of this Patriots team. I would like to ask that should the Patriots end up with the No. 1 draft pick (or even 2 or 3, if the teams selecting ahead of the Pats are only looking for a QB selection) would you draft: a) Travis Hunter, b) Will Campbell / Kelvin Banks, c) Trade down to pick up more draft picks? – Nader Valdez
Given those options my preference would probably be to trade down and try to acquire additional picks. But that requires a willing partner, and that by no means is a given. In that case, I would take Hunter and figure out which side of the ball he fits best. My guess is he's going to be a cornerback who will dabble a bit on offense. I feel he would be too talented to pass up if the Patriots have that option.
It's safe to say that Jerod Mayo hasn't performed the way the Patriots had hoped. I believe it's clear that Mayo, while he could be a good coach one day, clearly wasn't ready for this. So, do you move on quickly to limit the potential harm to our star quarterback in the making, or stick with Mayo and hope it works out? If the decision is to replace him, who do you see as potential candidates for the job? – Todd Pickering
My question is simple - should the coaching staff stay? I understand the need for stability, yet the coaching staff has not shown the growth they are demanding from the players. That could be seen as hypocritical. The defense which was expected to keep the Patriots in games has been a major liability. Barring one player in the secondary in a team of 11. Concerned. – Dave Mah
This is the only rebuilding team that I know of that neither of the coordinators or head coach have called plays before. This team has been going backward, they are undisciplined and unprepared, that falls mostly on coaching. I think we need to bring in a new head coach, bring in a new offensive coordinator and new defensive coordinator. – Stacy Hanson
How much are you guys buying into the fact that we may have a different coaching staff next year? I originally thought there was no way we would see a change, but the media seems to flip flop every week on whether or not Jerod Mayo and Alex Van Pelt will stay. I do like AVP. He was under the scope in against Arizona for his playcalling, but when you factor in the offensive line being completely abysmal, he didn't have a choice but to call quick screens. Jerod Mayo was a lock to return as of Sunday morning, but by Sunday night the media once again clamored for his job. What do you guys think? – Anthony Pedota
I would stick with Mayo and have faith in the leadership qualities they saw in him in the first place and believe that he will learn from a tough first season and become a better coach next season and beyond. Mayo has the ear of the players, and they continue to show belief in him, and that goes a long way toward formulating my opinion. It has not been a great year, and I'm not blind to that, but many successful coaches did not enjoy a great start to their career and hopefully Mayo can become part of that list.
Looking at Tee Higgins and what we might project for the offense in 2025. 1) 4.59 combine 40, 2) less than 32-inch vertical, 3) No. 2 wide receiver in Cincinnati opposite Ja'Marr Chase. Assuming Alex Van Pelt comes back, can you really project Higgins as a true 1 that will achieve production worthy of a $25 million-plus contract? Van Pelt's offense hasn't shown the ability to use a featured receiver (I know they don't have one), but there's nothing in the scheme I've seen so far that leads me to believe that a talented receiver can thrive. Talented guy, but better as a 2 and finally, why would he come here vs. considering someplace like Arizona or Washington which are borderline contenders that also have significant cap space and seem to have more of a functional structure than the Patriots? – NC Morrill
You make a lot of good points, and nothing you said is factually wrong. But I would counter that you speak in many absolutes that I believe are more subjective. Let's start with Higgins is a No. 2 receiver. As a rookie, with a rookie quarterback (Joe Burrow) and an abysmal offensive line in Cincinnati, Higgins had 67 catches for 908 yards and six touchdowns while playing all 16 games. For the record, this was one season before Chase arrived, so Higgins was the top option at wideout along with slot receiver Tyler Boyd. And Burrow was injured and missed the latter part of the season. So, Higgins has shown the ability to produce even without Chase, although I would admit that he has benefitted greatly from Chase's presence. Next, Van Pelt's inability to feature a top wideout. Amari Cooper was a pretty solid No. 1 option in Cleveland the last couple of seasons, so I don't see that as a stumbling block either. I get that Higgins isn't perfect … if he were he wouldn't likely be available. He will cost a lot of money, probably more than the $25 million you suggest. But the Patriots offense needs playmakers, and Higgins would immediately give Drake Maye an option he simply doesn't have. He would also make the other receivers better because he would attract more attention than anyone on the roster does at the moment. The biggest problem is likely the last thing you mentioned … the competition to sign him. Higgins will be the top target on the market, and will require winning a bidding war to get him.
With our quarterback in tow, how much do you see Drake Maye being an attraction to potential free agents? I suspect Foxborough was a rather unattractive destination the last few years given our situation under center. – Scott Kavanagh
I think Maye's development will help, but not that much. For example, last offseason the Niners Brandon Aiyuk reportedly wouldn't even talk to the Patriots about a possible trade to New England. Given Maye's solid rookie season, it's possible that Aiyuk would at least take the phone call and discuss his options if that were to happen now. But I don't think that alone would be enough to make you more attractive than another team with playoff aspirations. As is usually the case when it comes to free agency, money talks. And as a team that will be coming off three straight losing seasons, it's likely that the Patriots will need to spend more than most in order to lure talented players to Foxborough. But Maye should help, especially for wide receivers looking to catch passes.
Before the season began, there was a lot of talk about Eliot Wolf and the Green Bay connection. With Robert Saleh there now as a consultant, any chance the Patriots would consider bringing him in for defensive coordinator? I don't see the Patriots firing Jerod Mayo yet. What I do see is going the Nick Sirianni route and giving him another chance with a new set of coordinators. – Elfi M.
I love the idea of bringing in an experienced defensive mind to help out, even if it's as a consultant to aid DeMarcus Covington going forward. It certainly appears to be working in Green Bay as the Packers defense has improved throughout the year while the Jets once-vaunted defense has fallen apart since Saleh left. Bringing in experienced coaches, like Philadelphia did with Vic Fangio and Kellen Moore, makes a lot of sense.
Would the Patriots bring in Mike Borgonzi from Kansas City to help out Eliot Wolf? He has proven to be very capable of sustaining excellence and is from the area and has stated he would come back. This offseason is huge and restocking the team with talent is vital. A voice from outside the team to bring in could help. – Mike Gil
This is another idea I love, and not just because Borgonzi grew up in my hometown of Everett. He has done a great job with the Chiefs and seems to be knocking on the door of getting a chance to run his own organization. If he isn't able to land that opportunity elsewhere, perhaps he'd be interested in coming home to work alongside Wolf. I agree the team could use some outside voices to help with some of the major decisions that are coming this offseason, and Borgonzi would be a great option.
My understanding was Sidy Sow, by the end of last season was playing well at right guard. This year the Patriots started him out at left guard (the position he played in college) in training camp to make room for Mike Onwenu. He then got injured, which probably affected his play but now appears to be healthy. Still, he doesn't seem to get any opportunity to show what he can do? I know we don't see what goes on in practice, but with all of the help the Patriots need on the offensive line, has Sow really fallen that far down the depth chart? – David Cole
I think Sow had an OK rookie season, particularly run blocking. His pass protection grades were not great, and that was a problem for him earlier this season when he was playing more. He struggled in those games, and as a blocking fullback or extra offensive lineman since he hasn't really performed up to those standards either. He is still young and as you said he did suffer an ankle injury during the preseason that no doubt set him back, so it's possible that he would be in the mix for a starting spot once again next season.
 Answering Patriots fans questions for a homerun offseason and charting a course back to the playoffs.
With Mike Vrabel on board, fans are looking for ways to make the new coach's life easier in New England.
With just one game to go Patriots fans are again clamoring for a home run offseason.
With only three games remaining in the regular season, it's becoming very clear what the biggest hole is on the Patriots roster. 
Patriots fans are hoping their team can finish 2024 on a high note while taking a look ahead at the offseason and how to attack needs in free agency and the draft.
This week's mailbag features plenty of takes on how the Patriots should approach the draft. 
With five games remaining for the Patriots this season, now feels like a good time to set the table for some offseason thoughts on New England's roster.
Patriots fans are encouraged by rookie quarterback Drake Maye and want to know how to build an elite offense around him.
This week's mailbag is looking for ways to add some talent around Drake Maye.
With the NFL's trade deadline at 4 p.m. ET on Tuesday, how should the Patriots approach the deadline?
Fresh off a win over the Jets, Patriots fans are hoping to continue stacking wins.
With 11 selections in the 2025 NFL Draft, here's everything you need to know about the newest Patriots rookies. 
A 22-person nomination committee selects Julian Edelman, Logan Mankins, and Adam Vinatieri as the 2025 Patriots Hall of Fame finalists. Patriots fans now have until April 30 to vote for the finalist most deserving of Patriots Hall of Fame induction.
Tom Brady's historic Hall of Fame induction ceremony has been nominated for an Emmy Award.
Tracking all of the Patriots transactions during the free agent signing period.
New England Patriots Chairman and CEO Robert Kraft announced the selection of former Head Coach Bill Parcells for induction into the Patriots Hall of Fame as a contributor.
A look at the Patriots opponents from 2025 through 2027.

    This website is the only official website of the New England Patriots and is © Copyright New England Patriots (the "Club"). Commercial reproduction, distribution or transmission of any part or parts of this website or any information contained therein by any means whatsoever without the prior written permission of the Club is not permitted.