The Falcons are the current favorite to win the NFC South this season, which would be their first division title since 2016, when the franchise reached Super Bowl LI.
Here are three reasons why Atlanta should like its chances in 2024.
The Falcons' quarterback play over the past two seasons has been among the league's worst, with Marcus Mariota, Desmond Ridder and Taylor Heinicke all receiving starts. 
Atlanta finished in the bottom third of the league in passing yards in 2022 and 2023 but should have one of the league's top aerial attacks with the addition of free-agent quarterback Kirk Cousins. Since 2018, Cousins' first season in Minnesota, he ranks fourth in the NFL in passing (23,265 yards), averaging 264.4 yards per game. 
Atlanta spent three consecutive top-10 draft picks from 2021-23 on offensive skill position players, and each should benefit from Cousins' addition. 
He's the best quarterback third-year pro Drake London has had to throw him the football, and Cousins' passing ability should give running back Bijan Robinson lighter boxes to run against.
But he could be most important to tight end Kyle Pitts, who was selected fourth overall in 2021, one pick ahead of three-time Pro Bowl wide receiver Ja'Marr Chase. 
Pitts has 1,023 yards combined the past two seasons after recording 1,026 in 2021 and becoming the second tight end in league history to eclipse 1,000 yards as a rookie. Retired 2016 league MVP Matt Ryan was his quarterback that year, and Cousins should be as good at getting the ball in Pitts' hands.
One area where the Falcons seemingly have an advantage over the rest of the NFC South is at offensive line. 
The unit was 11th in ESPN's pass-block win-rate rankings a season ago. Chris Lindstrom has received Pro Football Focus' top grade among guards the past two seasons. Per PFF data, the No. 14 overall pick of the 2019 NFL Draft has allowed five sacks and 24 total pressures in 1,060 pass-rush opportunities from 2022-23. 
Center Drew Dalman is coming off his best seasons. Tackles Jake Matthews and Kaleb McGary are lynchpins on the outside. Guard Matthew Bergeron was up-and-down as a rookie, but considering the success Atlanta's had developing the rest of its offensive line, we like his chances of taking a leap in Year 2.
One of the most improved units in all of football last year was Atlanta's defense, which went from toothless to one of the sport's more tenacious. 
Safety Jessie Bates III was arguably the most impactful 2023 free-agency signing by any team. The former Bengals star was sorely missed in Cincinnati, while the Falcons quickly benefitted from his signing, with Bates recording two interceptions and forcing a fumble in his debut against Carolina. 
He also had a game-swinging 92-yard interception return for a touchdown against the rival Saints in Week 12, a 24-15 Falcons win. Bates finished the season with 132 tackles, six interceptions and three fumble recoveries.
Having turned 27 in February, the six-year NFL vet is likely just now entering his prime. As he ascends, so, too, should the entire Falcons defense.
Eric Smithling is a writer based in New Orleans, LA, whose byline also appears on Athlon Sports.  He has been with Yardbarker since September 2022, primarily covering the NFL and college football, but also the NBA, WNBA, men’s and women’s college basketball, NHL, tennis and golf.  He holds a film studies degree from the University of New Orleans
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!