Jun 1, 2024
Emma Romanko, a commercial loan closer for Premier Bank in Youngstown, left, and Audry Saunders, a community volunteer, prepare salads and other foods for first responders and Realty Tower residents affected by Tuesday’s explosion that heavily damaged the 12-story downtown structure.
By SEAN BARRON
Correspondent
YOUNGSTOWN — When he heard a loud explosion Tuesday that rocked much of the downtown corridor, the first concern on Jordan Raines’ mind was others’ welfare.
“I was worried at first whether someone was seriously hurt. I ran and was overwhelmed by the smell of gas,” said Raines, 28, who works in Premier Bank’s downtown Youngstown branch’s finance department and lives in Realty Tower.
The next thing Raines knew, police were on the scene and he was not allowed access to his sixth-floor apartment. Everything occurred in such a flurry after the catastrophic explosion that he was initially shocked, confused and in fight-or-flight mode. It took several days for him to process the disaster’s magnitude and its effects on him, Raines added.
The full scope of what took place was starting to further sink in for him Friday, however, when he was among the residents who came to the “Feed the City: Realty Tower Residents and First Responders” free lunch at Penguin City Brewing Co., 460 E. Federal St.
The three-hour gathering was to reach out with gratitude and compassion to residents as well as police officers, firefighters, emergency medical technicians and other first responders who have been directly affected by the disaster, Aspasia Lyras, Penguin City’s owner, noted.
“I’ve watched the news and we’ve worked day and night,” she said.
Also instrumental in planning and organizing the lunch was Derrick McDowell, who runs the nearby Youngstown Flea.
Raines also was worried about his two cats, both of which were safely removed from the 12-story structure. After the animals were in his car, “that’s when I broke down,” he said.
Nevertheless, Raines, who is from Beaufort, South Carolina, and has no immediate family in the Mahoning Valley, is grateful to a co-worker and friend who has allowed him to stay at her residence and has prepared meals for him. His next steps include renting from a second co-worker, then likely finding his own place, Raines added.
The National Transportation Safety Board has preliminarily determined that a cut but pressurized natural gas line in the Realty Tower’s basement caused the explosion shortly before 3 p.m. Tuesday, which killed Akil Drake, 27, a Chase Bank employee. Seven others were taken to St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital for their injuries, one in critical condition.
The building sustained heavy damage, and the Chase Bank on the first floor was destroyed. Residents on the other 11 floors, which contain 23 apartment units, were immediately evacuated.
Damage also took place on the 11th floor, when smoke apparently traveled up an elevator shaft and the pressure was enough to blow the elevator door into the lobby, Debbie Larson, who manages an Airbnb on that floor, said.
Larson added that she and another person spent part of Tuesday morning buying supplies for the business. Shortly before the blast, she received a text message warning of a likely gas leak, then sirens in the building sounded, she said.
For Larson and a few others, the explosion’s timing also meant a close call, because one of her employees cleaned the business Monday, which was Memorial Day, instead of Tuesday, after a guest had left. Because of the disaster, some people have canceled their reservations at her Airbnb while others will probably stay in the Gallagher Building on North Hazel Street, Larson said.
“It definitely reminds you that anything that comes your way is for a reason,” she added.
Among those happy to engage in community outreach on behalf of those affected by the blast was Mindy Wiesensee, Premier Bank’s downtown branch manager.
“I love being back downtown, because it’s a community. We’re just part of the community,” she said.
Several bank employees were serving pizza and other free food to whoever came to Friday’s gathering.
“This is a little something to show we care,” Lyras said about the free lunch. “We always feel the need to do more than be just a business.”
Echoing that sentiment was Penny Wells, Mahoning Valley Sojourn to the Past’s executive director, who said, “There is an amazing outpouring of support from the Youngstown community when tragedy occurs.”
Also, a GoFundMe account has been set up to accept monetary and other donations. Those who wish to contribute are asked to go to the link, https:gofund.me/ceba1cd3.
In addition, QUICKMed’s Glenwood clinic, 2915 Glenwood Ave. on the South Side, is offering free care, including wellness, mental health visits and tele-help to those directly affected by the disaster. To seek the services, call 330-918-6400 between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Ashley Santiago, another event coordinator, expressed gratitude to a variety of businesses and organizations who volunteered and brought food, desserts and bottled water for Friday’s free lunch. They were Premier Bank, KO Consulting LLC, the Youngstown Health Department, Planet Fitness, Belleria Pizza on the North Side, Avalon Pizzeria, BJ’s Brewhouse in Boardman, Wedgewood Pizza in Boardman, The Youngstown BBQ Co., Schwebel’s Baking Co., The Federal, the Mocha House downtown, Dunkin Donuts in Liberty, Flambeau’s Live, the YMCA of Youngstown and Cardinal Mooney High School.
In addition, Santiago was thankful to Donna Hageman, Rick Fitch, Audry Saunders and Lou Rivera, who owns Panther Security Services, for donating food and volunteering.
Also thankful — despite having been displaced because of the explosion — was Raines, who considers many of his co-workers and others as his extended family.
“This reminds you of how precious life is. I’ll always be grateful for the fact that I’m here,” he said, adding, “I don’t know what I’d do without my co-workers.”
Have an interesting story? Contact the newsroom by email at news@vindy.com. Follow us on X, formerly Twitter, @TribToday.
Staff report

LIBERTY — A Youngstown man who led Liberty police on a chase through the township Wednesday ...
 

YOUNGSTOWN — Mahoning County Domestic Relations Court Judge Beth Smith issued three judgment entries Tuesday ...
New cases

New cases filed April 7-18 in Mahoning County:     

HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK vs. SCOTT BROWN, ...
Copyright © 2025 Eastern Ohio Newspapers, Inc. | https://www.vindy.com | 240 Franklin Street SE, Warren, OH 44482 | 330-841-1600 | Terms of Service