New England Patriots quarterback Jacoby Brissett, bottom, is sacked by Washington Commanders defensive end KJ Henry during the first half of a preseason NFL football game, Sunday, Aug. 25, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)AP
During his appearance on WEEI’s afternoon show on Tuesday, Jacoby Brissett gave an update on his injured throwing shoulder.
Listening to the Patriots quarterback, who is the presumed starter ahead of rookie Drake Maye, there’s nothing to worry about.
“It’s good. I think it was more a precautionary measure (taking me out) ... but I’m fine,” said Brissett, who injured his right shoulder after being sacked during the first series of the Patriots 20-10 loss to Washington on Sunday. “I haven’t gotten hit in eight months, so it kind of surprised me more than anything.
“But I feel good. I’m excited and ready for the season.”
He later added he felt “100 percent fine.”
As for the state of his much-maligned offensive line, which was flagged 10 times in the game, Brissett endorsed the group, which now has nine members following Tuesday’s cutdown day. He wasn’t about to throw anyone under the bus.
“I think I’ve seen a very gritty group,” Brissett said of the collective. “We’ve put a lot of different guys into a lot of different situations. Again, it’s the whole overreaction to preseason and things like that. You know, I wouldn’t say we’re really game-planning anybody, or running the stuff that we really practice, and are going to put forth when Week 1 comes around.
“So now it’s about putting guys in the right position. Because we’ve pretty much moved everyone around everywhere ... so yeah, I’m excited for that group to, I guess, prove a lot of wrong, I would say. I think I gotta lot of faith in those guys that they’re going to come together, which I think they’ve shown in practice on a day in and day out basis.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices