Feel the Music! Vol. 1
Paul Major of Endless Boogie picks 12 weird (but not that weird) tracks to accompany his recent book.
The phenomenon of the ‘lost classic’ album unearthed and reissued, the overlooked curio given new wings in the digital age, has gathered so much momentum over the years that the concept has almost been fetishised. These records, often from marginalised artists on tiny imprints or self-releasing, undoubtedly represent a sub-genre on their own, to which whole labels, such as the estimable Light In The Attic, devote nearly their entire output. 
That fetishisation is fair enough when the music is good. It isn’t always (Nick Garrie, anyone?), but this year alone we’ve had FJ McMahon and Ed Askew come to light. In 2015 it was Scott Fagan, before that Rodriguez, Carol Kleyn, going further back Vashti Bunyan and Gary Higgins… You could even trace the concept back to Nick Drake’s critical reappraisal in the 90s. 
And while the notion of the reissued gem from the vaults may have become a little over-commodified and occasionally exploited, these records and their makers continue to tell an important alternative history of popular music. The unheard, the dismissed, the forgotten and the obsolete can offer insights into the development of genre, technology and politics within western rock (as it usually is). It isn’t, I hope, too much to compare the reappraisal of these records with Walter Benjamin’s attempted reinterpretation of history in The Arcades Project by recontextualising cultural and technological signifiers and artefacts that were rejected or ignored by popular culture. Benjamin biographer Stuart Jeffries describes this in a way that could easily apply to the ongoing cult of exhumed albums; he writes of Benjamin “studying the overlooked, the worthless, the trashy, the very things that didn’t make sense within the official version of history but which, he maintained, encoded the dream wishes of the collective consciousness.”
Paul Major, singer with Endless Boogie, used his encyclopedic (and frankly intimidating) knowledge of record collecting to tap into rock’s ignored history with his 2017 book Feel The Music: The Psychedelic Worlds of Paul Major, which celebrates the most fascinating records rejected by tastemakers and the industry over the decades. This accompanying compilation album, made up of misfits and so-called outsider artists, offers a comprehensive taster of the scruffily recorded, lyrically abstruse, attractively melodic garage-psych that is among Major’s preferred tastes. 
The tracks date from 1969 to 1979 and, according to the press blurb, are “some of the weirdest records of all time”. Yet the majority of these 12 relics are actually not that weird, with the influence of better-known artists constantly recognisable. Neil Young and Crazy Horse here, Velvet Underground there, The Crazy World of Arthur Brown, Jefferson Airplane, early Beefheart, Skip Spence on more than one occasion, and more. The most avant-garde piece is probably Jerry Solomon’s ‘Denied’, a marvellously warped meditation on alienation and rejection in which Solomon’s vocals are muddied into a kind of low, droney soup accompanied by dismally affecting percussion and piano tinkles, like an even more ghastly version of the Grateful Dead’s ‘What’s Become of the Baby?’ If nothing else, Feel The Music points listeners to this most hypnotising of musical extremists. 
Otherwise, the album’s strong points come with the more wistful folk-ish morsels, such as ‘Behold’ by Justyn Rees, with its echoes of Love and Space Oddity-era Bowie, and Dave Porter’s ‘Where Do Clouds Go?’, Porter’s impressive voice, a cross between Andy Williams and Bryan Ferry, sonorously to the fore. Closer ‘I Feel The Need To Carry On’ by Darius is another of Major’s choices that reflect an affection for neat songwriting as much as wacky production. 
Indeed, Major’s song selection is engagingly diverse, even if most, if not all, of the artists are North American and, more seriously and rather troublingly, there are no women featured. The downright silliness of certain tracks is a welcome relief in the wake of Solomon’s grimness, in particular Canadian singer-songwriter Sebastian’s 1970 song ‘Passages’, which begins with the dubious line, "I wandered stately as a prism / The signs I’m told did mark all man", and the enjoyable nonsense that is ‘Captain Zella Queen’ by Marcus, a dizzying 1979 slice of psychsploitaiton. 
The ambiguous terms ‘outsider art’ or ‘outsider music’ might be used in relation to this wonderful collection. Yet it’s hard to see it as outsider, given that the songs follow in the slipstream of some style or another that informed the zeitgeist of the late 60s and 70s – with the notable exception of Solomon. So while these tracks might not be all that strange or experimental, they do encode those ‘dream wishes’, to appropriate Jeffries’ term, of a generation. 
Our dance music columnist reflects on the impact of unstable weather on this year’s festival season, and reviews his favourite new releases from the likes of Simo Cell, ABADIR, Deena Abdelwahed, Sam Goku and more
Lessons
Celebrating ten years of a great independent label, with eclectic explorations from Kemper Norton, Laura Cannell, Leyland Kirby and plenty more.
C87 & C88 
Following Cherry Red's extended C86 compilation, two ‘imaginary’ sequels - including The Sea Urchins, The Wake and The House Of Love.
Silhouettes & Statues: A Gothic Revolution 1978-1986 
A sprawling decade of goth, from the strange to the unexpected
Closed Circuits: Australian Alternative Electronic Music Of The 70s & 80s Volume 1
A entertaining and illuminating compilation of electronic music from Down Under, long ago
So Low
Kombination Research 100
In A Moment… Ghost Box
Trevor Jackson Presents: Science Fiction Dancehall Classics 
,,, as long as i long to memorise your sky ,,,
Beautiful, sparse lowercase music recorded at the bottom of the Grand Canyon
Noble And Godlike In Ruin
On their nineteenth album, the San Francisco quartet show no signs of letting up their brutal assault on pop music conventions
Plays music by Mariam Gviniashvili, Aleksandra Słyż, Gerard Lebik, Luigi Russolo, John Hegre
Recreating the bizarre instrumentarium of Futurist artist Luigi Russolo, Luciano Chessa and his orchestra play new music by Mariam Gviniashvili, Aleksandra Słyż, and others
Dance Music 4 Bad People
Jamal Moss reclaims club music for the cause of collective ecstasy and speculative weirdness
Blue Veil
For her first album playing cello alone without electronics, the Berlin-based composer-performer pushes the instrument's overtones to a fever pitch, finds Levi Dayan
I Keep My Diamond Necklace In A Pond Of Sparkling Water
Gryphon Rue’s new LP creaks and grumbles and hums with subterranean and oceanic immensity, singing in voices both animal and botanical, says Bernie Brooks
Luster
Moving back to Ireland's Atlantic coast and signing to 4AD, Maria Somerville makes dreamy shoegazing pop with a little help from Lankum's Ian Lynch and Margie Jean Lewis
Weirdo
The genre-busting iconoclast makes a fearless leap forward on her life-saving second album
The Film
The Philadelphian poet-musician-activist joins up with the North American power trio for a full-on free metal apocalypse
Here's a playlist of everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
At the forefront of an underground British guitar scene that's thriving against all odds, Ex Agent have delivered an idiosyncratic, ever-shifting, and excellent new EP exclusively to tQ subscribers
In our latest antidote to the algorithm, Stephanie Phillips guides us through the South African girl groups who resisted apartheid oppression through the joy of their song
In this month's pod Luke Turner and John Doran celebrate two of the finest records of the c21st thus far
In April's essay, Jonn Elledge explains why everything you thought you knew about the popular self-sufficiency sitcom, first broadcast 50 years ago this week, is wrong.
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Serial collaborator and Propellor Orchestra leader Jack McNeill's long-awaited debut solo album is released today exclusively for tQ subscribers, a record that draws deep on his surroundings in Cumbria, but subverts our expectations of the clarinet as an instrument that hymns the pastoral
In this month's essay, Jeanette Leech seeks to reclaim the legacy of Elastica's vastly underrated second album from prurient mutterings about drug addiction and the collapse of Britpop, celebrating Mark E. Smith collaborations and the birth of M.I.A.
In this month’s antidote to the algorithm Puja Nandi celebrates five pioneering artists, from Asian Dub Foundation (pictured) to Osmani Soundz, who enriched the soundtrack of the pre-millennial UK by mixing drum & bass and electronica with the sounds of the Bengali diaspora
This month John and Luke head all the way back to 1904 to experience the thrills, chills and outright horrors of a modern compendium of ghoulish tales
Exploring the subtle microcosms in rock music then bending them to his will, Ryan Walker interviews Mike Vest about Brain Pills, his new band with Nick Raybould and Adam Stone whose debut EP is released exclusively to tQ subscribers today – a gathering of tales, tunes and feedback
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Start each weekend with our free email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
If you’ve read something you love on our site today, please consider becoming a tQ subscriber – our journalism is mostly funded this way. We’ve got some bonus perks waiting for you too.
Sign up for a weekly delve into the tQ archives.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Sign up for our free Friday email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.