A Bicester opticians has supported a foodbank by donating £1 for every customer feedback survey it received.


  The team at Specsavers contributed £500 to Bicester Foodbank, following the novel fundraising approach.


  Foodbank manager, Alison Drake, said: "We’re extremely grateful to Specsavers Bicester for choosing to fundraise for Bicester Foodbank.


  "Their donation allows us to continue to support our community and provide those who need it with an emergency food package."


  She added: "We’d also like to thank the Specsavers Bicester customers who made this donation possible."


  Bicester Foodbank, which is run by a team of volunteers, provides at least three days worth of nutritionally balanced food and continued assistance to residents facing hardship.


  The team believes no one in the community should be left hungry.


  Store director at Specsavers, Satnam Johal, said: "We are always looking to our customers for feedback to help us improve our services, and we’re delighted to be able to support our local foodbank at the same time.


  "The ongoing cost-of-living crisis has been challenging for lots of people in our community, and we wanted to do our bit so that hopefully, the most vulnerable won’t go without.


  "Thank you to everyone who completed a feedback form and helped us to reach our fundraising total of £500. We’re so grateful for your support."


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.