Filed under:
The Broncos rookie QB sits at +1,100 at FanDuel to win the award.
The Bo Nix hype train is full steam ahead. 
And we’re seeing the shift in the odds as well. Before the first preseason game, Nix was at +2,000 to win the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year at FanDuel Sportsbook. Now, the Denver Broncos rookie quarterback sits at +1,100. 
That’s a major shift in just a few week's time.
Chicago Bears rookie quarterback Caleb Williams is the favorite to win NFL OROY at +120. He’s followed by Jalen Daniels at +600 and Marvin Harrison Jr. at +650. Nix is followed by Drake May at +1,400 and Malik Nabers at +1,500. 
A lot will have to go right for Nix to win the award this season. But the way he looked and played in the preseason, as well as training camp, is why Nix was named the Broncos starter. And you know that Sean Payton has the offense that will allow Nix to put up the numbers that he would need to win the award. 
Some other notable odds for Denver: 
Broncos cornerback Pat Surtain is +10,000 to win the Defensive Player of the Year. 
Denver futures odds have shifted since before the first preseason game. At that point, the Broncos were +760 to make the playoffs. Now, Denver is +540.  
‘I think it just allows you to play free’: Why the Broncos believe their youth will be advantageous in Week 1 and beyondVeteran players John Franklin-Myers and Mike McGlinchey believe the energy and positivity of Denver’s younger players can fuel the team to success this season.
Jonas Griffith announces he will have another ACL surgery | 9news.comDenver Broncos inside linebacker Jonas Griffith is undergoing a season-ending ACL surgery for a second consecutive year.
Bronco notes: All 3 QBs to dress against SeattleBo Nix, Jarret Stidham and Zach Wilson will all dress when the Broncos open their season against the Seattle Seahawks at Lumen Field on Sept. 8. in week 1 of NFL.
Youth served in Broncos' running back, wide receiver corps - ESPNThey might not be quite the Baby Broncos, but Denver will have six first- or second-year skill-position players when the season opens.
Brandon Aiyuk re-signing with 49ers: Broncos a main reason why Steelers didn't land WR via trade, per report - CBSSports.comWe reportedly almost had a three-team trade in the NFL
National NFL fans believe Detroit Lions have most promising future - Pride Of DetroitIn our national NFL survey, the Detroit Lions came out #1 when it comes to franchise’s future outlook. Details here:
49ers' Ricky Pearsall 'stable' after attempted robbery shooting - ESPNSan Francisco 49ers rookie receiver Ricky Pearsall is in "serious but stable" condition after being shot in the chest during an attempted robbery.
Which teams might pursue Dak Prescott? - NBC SportsTeams will be looking for quarterbacks in 2025, and everyone knows Dak will be available.
Ravens vs. Chiefs prediction, odds, time, betting lines: 2024 NFL Kickoff Game picks from expert on 48-20 roll - CBSSports.comSportsLine's Mike Tierney just revealed his Chiefs vs. Ravens picks for the 2024 NFL Kickoff Game on Thursday, Sept. 5
Brazil X ban ahead of NFL game sparks calls to cancelA week ahead of the first NFL game in Brazil, the country has banned X/Twitter. That's sparked even some calls to cancel the game.
NFL restricts Brady as analyst while Raiders deal is pending - ESPNBrady is not permitted to be in another team's facility, is not permitted to witness practice and is not permitted to attend broadcast production meetings, either in person or virtually.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.