Chicago Bears fans are beside themselves after watching their football team get embarrassed by the New England Patriots on Sunday at Soldier Field.
Heading into Sunday’s matchup against the Patriots, the Bears were riding a two-game losing streak. Today’s contest between Caleb Williams and Drake Maye wasn’t billed as a must-win spot for Chicago, but with their recent play on offense, it seemed like a good bounce-back opportunity for the Bears.
However, that wasn’t the case as the Bears’ offense looked putrid. Chicago couldn’t put up points against a Patriots’ defense that surrendered 24.1 points per game coming into Week 10 and allowed Williams to get sacked nine times.
The #Bears lose this game, there’s absolutely no reason for Matt Eberflus to remain the coach the rest of the year.Fuck being nice. This organization needs to start being good.
Now granted, the Bears were missing Darnell Wright, Braxton Jones, Nate Davis, and Kiran Amegadjie on the offensive line. But there’s no reason why the Bears’ offense only had 142 yards of total offense.
That’s inexcusable with the weapons they have at the skill positions. Sunday’s lackluster outing and the previous two weeks, fall on the shoulders of offensive coordinator Shane Waldron. 
Bears head coach Matt Eberflus defended Waldron and made it clear he would not make any changes at offensive play-caller. However, the Bears have only scored 27 total points over the last three games.
Therefore, it wouldn’t be shocking to see the Bears make a change at play-caller, which would signal the team moving on from Waldron. That said, Chicago’s recent performances also fall on Eberflus, who was retained in the offseason despite the Bears getting rid of Luke Getsy (OC) and making a change at defensive coordinator.
After Alan Williams’ resignation, Eberflus took over the play-calling duties last season. The Bears' defense wasn’t horrible on Sunday, but they still allowed the Pats’ offense to get 328 total yards. 
When a team usually makes a change at OC and DC, the coach usually goes too. But Chicago decided to stick with Eberflus to see if things could turn around this season. 
At this rate, the Bears could be looking at another missed postseason opportunity and if that happens they can only blame themselves.
More Bears news and analysis:
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.