General Hospital (GH) spoilers for the next two weeks, December 23 to January 3, reveal that some close moments and tense interactions are on the way. During the week of December 23-27, Laura Collins (Genie Francis) will feel like the luckiest mom on the planet since Lulu Spencer (Alexa Havins Bruening) is out of her coma and Lucky Spencer (Jonathan Jackson) is sticking around Port Charles.
This Christmas will definitely leave Laura with an attitude of gratitude! Lulu will also make a vow to someone, so she may take Dante Falconeri’s (Dominic Zamprogna) advice and dial down the dangerous moves when it comes to her Charlotte Cassadine (Scarlett Fernandez) search.
Over with Lucky and Elizabeth Baldwin (Rebecca Herbst), they’ll reflect on the past as their bond continues to grow.
At Carly Spencer’s (Laura Wright) place, she’ll push Sonny Corinthos (Maurice Benard) to back off when he threatens to ruin the Christmas bash by clashing with Jack Brennan (Charles Mesure).
Next, Anna Devane’s (Finola Hughes) surprise will finally walk through Maxie Jones’ (Kirsten Storms) door, so it seems likely this involves Emma Scorpio-Drake’s (last played by Brooklyn Rae Silzer) return to PC.
GH will show a special encore presentation on Tuesday, December 24 – and that’ll be followed by a preemption for sports coverage on Wednesday, December 25.
However, the action will pick right back up on Thursday, December 26, which is when Brook Lynn Quartermaine (Amanda Setton) and Harrison Chase (Josh Swickard) will discuss some new strategies.
Chase and Brook Lynn will remain determined to start their family, but trying to get pregnant will continue to prove more difficult than they anticipated.
That may be related to the traumatic birth of a baby that Brook Lynn gave up for adoption as a teenager – a baby that almost certainly grew up to be Giovanni “Gio” Palmieri (Giovanni Mazza)!
Back with Sonny, he’ll have a catchup session with Laura while Michael Corinthos (Chad Duell) unloads his frustration elsewhere.
It’ll be Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) who Michael leans on, so he’ll rant about Drew Quartermaine’s (Cameron Mathison) actions and express disappointment in Willow Corinthos (Katelyn MacMullen), too.
Willow will also land in a situation where she has to rush to her own defense, so we’ll see who she ends up facing off with.
As for Dante, he’ll get updates on some disturbing news. Could this tie in with the investigation into Sam McCall (Kelly Monaco) and Dex Heller’s (Evan Hofer) fatal outcomes?
On a lighter note, Trina Robinson (Tabyana Ali) will grow closer to Kai Taylor (Jens Austin Astrup) as she offers assistance with something.
Brennan will also have a special request, so could it finally be time for him to ask Carly on a proper date?
Carly and Brennan could be gearing up for a real romance, but Michael’s marriage will keep falling apart – especially now that Nina Reeves (Cynthia Watros) had Martin Grey (Michael E. Knight) serve him that legal separation agreement.
Michael will seek guidance from someone, so we’ll see who he turns to for advice about his crumbling relationship.
It could be Sasha just to make things extra messy!
Meanwhile, Alexis Davis (Nancy Lee Grahn) will face a shocker, so that could be related to some Cassadine drama.
The Cassadines took back Ava Jerome’s (Maura West) divorce settlement, so there may be a new Cassadine-related story in the works.
Back with Jason, he’ll manage to shock Anna as well. Could this involve some twists and turns in the hunt for Charlotte and Valentin Cassadine (James Patrick Stuart)?
During the week of December 30-January 3, there may be some New Year’s Eve festivities in Port Charles.
Will there be any sizzling midnight kisses around town?
That might be a good time for Isaiah Gannon (Sawandi Wilson) and Jordan Ashford (Tanisha Harper) to lock lips!
Of course, Dex should have a funeral service at some point, so we’ll see if that happens on-screen or off.
There’s also the matter of Dex’s autopsy report, which will most likely prove he had digitalis in his system like Sam did.
Cyrus Renault (Jeff Kober) will have to watch his back as the investigation heats up – especially once Felicia Scorpio (Kristina Wagner) remembers his bell stopped ringing in Rice Plaza at the time of Dex’s attack.
General Hospital spoilers say the next two weeks will bring some huge developments, so we’ll pass along more predictions on all the conflict and chaos.
CDL’s where you want to be for great General Hospital spoilers, predictions, updates and news, so stop by regularly for more GH details.
RELATED POSTS