Two of the NFL's best quarterbacks as well as two of the league's top rookies called Eugene home at the college level. That's right, Justin Herbert and Bo Nix are playing some of the best football in the league right now and Bucky Irving has been one of the best rookies in the NFL along with last year's QB1 for the Ducks.
On Sunday, Nix had his best game of the season, passing for over 300 yards for the first time in his NFL career as the Broncos dominated the Falcons, 38-6. 
Nix was darn near perfect, completing 28-of-33 passes for 307 yards and four touchdowns with no interceptions. He has gone from "is he ready?" to "he's more than ready" in a matter of weeks. Some fans were doubting him as recent as a month ago, but he has 1,037 yards with nine touchdowns and one interception over the past four games and has catapulted to near the front of the race for Offensive Rookie of the Year.
Currently, Washington's Jayden Daniels is the leader in the odds department for Offensive Rookie of the Year, per DraftKings, at -400 but Nix is closing that gap at +300.
Daniels and Nix are truly the only two who have realistic odds to win the award but strong second halves of the season could change that for Drake Maye, Brock Bowers, or Malik Nabers. There's still a long way to go, but Nix is gaining momentum and confidence and he looks like he might just run away with the award.
Nix has 2,275 yards and 14 touchdowns with two picks and a 66 percent completion rate while Daniels has 2,338 yards and 10 touchdowns with three interceptions and a 69 percent completion rate. The numbers aren't much different, but where the gap comes is on the ground where Daniels has 482 yards and four scores while Nix has 295 yards and four touchdowns.
The race wasn't close four weeks ago, but Nix has closed the gap and if he continues to play like he did on Sunday against the Falcons, he's going to overtake Daniels and run away with the award.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.