X





 
 



X





Flash Jeopardy: Eclipse Edition
—Floy Farr Room
Tuesday, April 2nd @ 3:00pm, Wednesday, April 3rd @ 11:00am,
Thursday, April 4th @ 5:30pm, Friday, April 5th @ 3:00pm,  &
Saturday, April 6th @ 2:00pm
How much do you know about eclipses? Join Peachtree City Library for a 30-minute Jeopardy-like trivia session. Same questions each day. Registration required. Please see important information regarding registration on Eventbrite. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com
Weekly Beginning Spanish
Thursdays, April 4th, 18th, & 25th, 2024, 2:00pm —Theater Room
Join Peachtree City Library staff for Beginning Spanish with Mango. Learn how to use Mango Languages as well as practice with other attendees for perfect pronunciation. For ages 14+ and all skill levels. No previous experience necessary. Seating is limited. Registration is recommended, but not required. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com. No Class April 11th.
Solar Eclipse Observation Activity
Monday, April 8th, 2024, 1:30pm —City Hall/Library Plaza
Are you ready to be a citizen scientist? This NASA Science Activation project is focused on the following science question: How does life on Earth, specifically wildlife, respond to eclipses? Participants will observe during the eclipse and then submit their observations on the project website. You can find out more at eclipsesoundscapes.org. The library will provide observation worksheets beginning at 1:30 pm. Maximum eclipse is at 3:03 pm. Registration required. Please see important information regarding registration on Eventbrite. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com
Adult Pick-Up Craft Week: Paper Hyacinth
Week of Monday, April 8th, 2024 —Peachtree City Library Facebook Page
Pick up your craft kit and then tune in to Peachtree City Library’s Facebook Page on Monday, April 8th to watch an instructional video on how to create your own super easy DIY craft.  Ages 18+. https://facebook.com/peachtreecitylibrary/
Adult Sensory Storytime
Tuesday, April 9th, 2024, 10:30am —Storytime Room
This is a 30-minute storytime and craft for adults with intellectual or developmental disabilities. This is a free, drop-in event. No registration required.
Keeping You in Stitches: Instruction
Tuesday, April 9th, 2024, 6:30pm —Readers & Writers Room
Come learn basic crochet stitches with Linda B. No experience necessary, ages 14+. Please bring a crochet hood (size 5, 5.5, or 4) and yarn. This is a drop-in event, no registration required.
National Library Outreach Day: Golf Cart Bookmobile-for-a-Day
Wednesday, April 10th, 2024, 11:00am-2:00pm —Peachtree City
Join us as Peachtree City Library celebrates National Library Outreach Day with our Bookmobile-for-a-Day golf cart tour of the paths, parks, and public facilities surrounding the library. We plan to make stops at Drake Field, Picnic Park, and other spots as time allows. Meet us on the paths to sign up for a library card, learn about all of our amazing library services, and browse a selection of books brought to you by golf cart on our Bookmobile-for-a-Day!
Fairy Tales Read & Find
Wednesday, April 10th, 2024, 11:00am —Peachtree City Library Facebook Page
Join Peachtree City Library online on our Facebook page for Fairy Tales Read & Find with Lee St. John. She will read a new fairy tale each month with a hidden objects coloring page. This month’s tale is Robin Hood. https://facebook.com/peachtreecitylibrary/
Red Cross Blood Drive
Friday, April 12th, 2024, 10:00am-3:00pm —Floy Farr Room
Peachtree City Library will be hosting a Red Cross Blood Drive on Friday, April 12th. Use Sponsor Code: PTCLibrary when making your appointment, however walk-ins are welcome. The Blood Drive will be held in the lower level of Peachtree City Library in the Floy Farr Room. To make an appointment visit, https://redcrossblood.org.
Pages of Mystery
Friday, April 12th, 2024, 1:30pm —The Gathering Place
203 McIntosh Trail, Peachtree City, Ga. 30269
How are your detective skills? Can you figure out the mystery? Join us at The Gathering Place for an insider scoop to the best mystery reads on the shelves today. Susan C., with Peachtree City Library, turns the pages on some of the most popular, as well as the best kept secrets to this mystery book genre. If you’re an avid reader or just enjoy an occasional relaxing book, flip through the variety of selections to some great reads. This FREE event will be held at The Gathering Place, 203 McIntosh Trail, Peachtree City. Members and Non-members are invited to attend. Registration required. Register with The Gathering Place at 770-461-0813.
Basics of Investing
Monday, April 15th, 2024, 1:00pm—Floy Farr Room
Take advantage of this free and engaging introduction to investing workshop! Whether you’re new to investing or looking to enhance your financial knowledge, this workshop will cover the basics of investing, different investment options, and tools for building an investment portfolio. Instructor: Nathan Ellyson, CPA Financial & Tax Advisor, Derbend Asset Management, LLC. Registration required. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com.
Identity Theft and Cybersecurity with Ray Dunlap and Renee Borchardt
Tuesday, April 16th, 2024, 1:00pm —Floy Farr Room
Join Ray Dunlap, CFP®, AIF®, and Renee Borchardt, CFP® as they share some tips on protecting yourself from cyber crime and phishing, as well as how to spot red flags that might indicate a possible scam. This free event will be held on the lower level of the library in the Floy Farr Room. Registration required. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com.
Personal Finance Workshop: Essential Cash Envelope System
Wednesday, April 17th, 2024, 1:00pm—Floy Farr Room
Learn how to use the envelope system to track how much money you have in each budget category for the month by keeping your cash tucked away in envelopes. Instructor: Cindy Clonts, Dave Ramsey Financial Coach & Medicare Specialist. Registration required. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com.
“Based on the Book” Film Series
Friday, April 19th, 2024, 10:00am —Theater Room
Join Peachtree City Library for the film series “Based on the Book,” viewing films of new and classic titles. This free event will be held in the Theater Room on the lower level of the library. Registration required. Seating is limited. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com.
Keeping You in Stitches: Open Crochet
Saturday, April 20th, 2024, 11:00am —Readers & Writers Room
Join Linda B. and knitters for open crochet time. Bring your current projects. Ages 18+.  This is a drop-in event, no registration required.
Italic Calligraphy Workshop
Saturday April 20th, 2024, 2:00pm —Floy Farr Room
Join us at Peachtree City Library for a calligraphy workshop and learn the craft and history of Italic Calligraphy. Markers and paper will be provided. Seats are limited. Ages 15+. This free event will be held on the lower level of the library in the Floy Farr Room. Registration is required. Register at https://ptcibrary.eventbrite.com.
Cozy Talk Book Club
Monday, April 22nd, 2024, 10:00am —Readers & Writers Room
A monthly book club to discuss your next favorite Cozy Mystery read. April’s book pick is The Mummy Case by Elizabeth Peters. Limited copies available at the Circulation desk. Ages 18+. This is a drop-in event, no registration required.
Writers Circle/Prose
Tuesday, April 23rd, 2024, 6:00pm —Readers & Writers Room
The library’s monthly adult writing group for sharing and improving prose writing of all genres. The group meets the fourth Tuesday of every month. For more information email the facilitator at [email protected].
Conversational Spanish for Beginners
Thursday, April 25th, 2024, 6:30pm —Theater Room
Join Peachtree City Library staff for conversational Spanish. Are you already learning Spanish? Come have a chat and practice your conversational skills. Night sessions will rotate topics. For ages 14+ and all skill levels. No previous experience necessary. Seating is limited. Registration is recommended, but not required. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com.
Tabletop Games for Adults
Saturday, April 27th, 2024, 12:00pm —Storytime Room
Relax and have fun with tabletop games. Play our games or bring your own. This free drop-in event is open to the public. No registration required. Ages 18+.
Jigsaw Puzzle Races
Saturday, April 27th, 2024, 2:00pm —Storytime Room
Puzzle lovers, this is for you! Your challenge is to complete a 500-piece puzzle in two (2) hours. See how fast you can finish. Come as a group or solo and join a group when you arrive. This is a free, drop-in event. All ages welcome. This is a free event open to the public. Registration is recommended, but not required. Register at https://ptclibrary.eventbrite.com. 
You must be logged in to post a comment.
We’re committed to providing trustworthy, independent coverage of Fayette County, west Coweta, and the people and decisions shaping our shared future.
We’re a for-profit organization, so contributions aren’t tax-deductible—but they’re deeply appreciated.
Looks like this article successfully presents one side of the story. Was any effort made to interview the HOA members?
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a…
I don't Hometown. I'm just giving the young man a chance to do the right thing now that most of…
Breaking News
By Ellie White-Stevens May 3, 2025
Breaking News
By Ellie White-Stevens May 3, 2025
Faith
By The Citizen April 30, 2025
Community
By The Citizen April 30, 2025
Nonprofits
By The Citizen April 30, 2025
[email protected]
The Nexus at Trilith Studios
461 Sandy Creek Rd, Suite 4109
 Fayetteville, GA 30214
(888) 618-6397
FACEBOOK
LINKEDIN
INSTAGRAM
X/TWITTER
© The Citizen 2025 All Rights Reserved. Website Design + Development by Jason Hunter Design