Serious inquiries only.
Source: Courtesy of Damon Dash / Damon Dash
It seems Dame Dash is very serious about letting his share of Reasonable Doubt go. He announced it is for sale.
As reported by HotNewHip-Hop, the Harlem, New York, native recently took to social media to let the world know that his piece of Jay-Z’s debut is available for a price. On Friday, July 19, he posted the album artwork with a rather undiplomatic caption stating he is taking offers. “This sh*t is for sale 1/3 … only real inquiries only,” he wrote. The second photograph on the Instagram post is a visual of Jay-Z, Damon Dash and Kareem “Biggs” Burke from the project’s original CD booklet.
Naturally, the post quickly went viral and received over 10,000 comments within 24 hours. Lupe Fiasco left a comment, which has since been deleted, urging Drake to buy it. “@champagnepapi will keep it safe for generations to come. This is grail and influenced an innumerable amount of rappers to see it peddle such a lack of grace genuinely hurts my feelings a little bit.” Lupe went on to recommend that Dash hold on to his share saying, “Or just keep the s**t OG you should be infinitely proud of this. Without it there is no me as I am and I’m sure other MCs will agree.”
This is not the first time the former Cakeaholic has tried to sell his 33% ownership in the 1996 effort. During an appearance on the Veuit podcast, Dash revealed that Jay-Z offered him $1.5 million dollars for his stake but he told his former partner no. Earlier this year, Cam’ron and Mase alluded to buying Dame’s share, but the transaction was never confirmed.
Last month, he reached out to Kendrick Lamar via IG after he unearthed an old social post from K Dot from 2010. “I’m sorry, Reasonable Doubt is better than Illmatic…. #youcanunfollowmenow” it read to which Dame posted, “@kendricklamar my 3rd is for sale if you want to buy it.” Kendrick never publicly responded to Dame Dash’s offer.


Dame Dash Announces He Is Selling His Share Of ‘Reasonable Doubt’ 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Contact Us								

									About								

									Advertising								

									Top 10 Hood Beverages								

									Rep. Jasmine Crockett Wants To Take On Trump In An IQ Test								

									10 Video Vixens Then & Now [PHOTOS]								

									Are Donna Summers' Kids Fighting Over Her Fortune?								

									DIRTY DOZEN: Uncle Ruckus' Most Racist Moments								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.