Maz, 32, a field marketing manager, meets Gianluca, 28, a sync coordinator and DJ
What were you hoping for?
 To replace my sister as my emergency contact.
First impressions?
 Welcoming: he immediately made me feel comfortable.
What did you talk about?
  Lewis Hamilton’s move to Ferrari. How today’s rap beefs (involving Drake, Kendrick and J Cole) ain’t what they used to be. My lack of hobbies because I’m too tired after my working day. Not being judgmental about me watching The Real Housewives or him watching football. The state of the dating game in London (awful). We had such lovely conversations.
Most awkward moment? 
 There wasn’t a moment of silence.
Good table manners?
 Impeccable.
Best thing about Gianluca?
 He was very easy to talk to and likes to share food, which always makes for great dinner company.
Would you introduce Gianluca to your friends?
 Yes, he’d fit in nicely with them.
Blind date is Saturday’s dating column: every week, two 
strangers are paired up for dinner and drinks, and then spill the beans 
to us, answering a set of questions. This runs, with a photograph we 
take of each dater before the date, in Saturday magazine (in the
 UK) and online at theguardian.com every Saturday. It’s been running since 2009 – you can read all about how we put it together here.What questions will I be asked?We
 ask about age, location, occupation, hobbies, interests and the type of
 person you are looking to meet. If you do not think these questions 
cover everything you would like to know, tell us what’s on your mind.
Can I choose who I match with?No,
 it’s a blind date! But we do ask you a bit about your interests, 
preferences, etc – the more you tell us, the better the match is likely 
to be.
Can I pick the photograph?No, but don't worry: we'll choose the nicest ones.
What personal details will appear?Your first name, job and age.
How should I answer?Honestly
 but respectfully. Be mindful of how it will read to your date, and that
 Blind date reaches a large audience, in print and online.
Will I see the other person’s answers?No. We may edit yours and theirs for a range of reasons, including length, and we may ask you for more details.
Will you find me The One?We’ll try! Marriage! Babies!
Can I do it in my home town?Only if it’s in the UK. Many of our applicants live in London, but we would love to hear from people living elsewhere.
How to applyEmail blind.date@theguardian.com
Describe Gianluca in three words.
 Confident, interesting, chatty.
What do you think Gianluca made of you?
 I hope he found me funny, charming and easy to chat to.
Did you go on somewhere?
 No, I had to run for my last train.
And ... did you kiss?
 No.
If you could change one thing about the evening what would it be?
 Nothing, it was a lovely evening.
Marks out of 10?
 8.
Would you meet again?
 We got on well, but maybe as friends – we live quite a way from each other.
What were you hoping for?
 A great night and/or a free dinner.
First impressions?When I said I was 28, it was met with a slightly concerned reaction. She said I was only just inside the age range she would date, so any chance of romance felt like a stretch from the start. But I was determined for us to have a lovely evening regardless.
What did you talk about?
 Formula One – we’re both big fans. Hip-hop diss tracks. Travelling. Weird dating experiences. First-date etiquette. Food. DJing.
Most awkward moment? 
 At one point she yawned when I was talking, but she prefaced it by saying that I wasn’t boring, she was just tired as she’d had a late night.
Good table manners?
 Impeccable.
Best thing about Maz?
 The way she backs herself. How well travelled she is, and how easy to talk to.
Would you introduce Maz to your friends?
 She’d get on with anyone: my friends have a similar confidence.
Describe Maz in three words.
 Confident, knowledgable, outgoing.
What do you think Maz made of you?
 That I came across well, made her laugh and that she felt comfortable.
Did you go on somewhere?
 No, we stayed chatting after the meal and finished it with a limoncello shot, then said our goodbyes outside.
And … did you kiss?
 A gentlemen never tells … but no.
If you could change one thing about the evening what would it be?
 That we were a bit closer in age.
Marks out of 10?
 7.5
Would you meet again?
 As friends, absolutely. We exchanged Instagrams so let’s see.
Maz and Gianluca ate at Hux, London W8. Fancy a blind date? Email blind.date@theguardian.com