Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Deidre Hall is remembering longtime “Days of Our Lives” co-star Drake Hogestyn following the news of his death at age 70.
Hall and Hogestyn shared the screen together on the soap opera for decades as one of fan’s favorite couples, Marlena Evans and John Black. Hogestyn appeared on the soap opera as recently as Sept. 9, when his last episode aired, according to Soap Opera Digest. Hall’s most recent episode aired in August. 
Hall mourned the death of her TV husband in a heartwarming tribute sent to Access Hollywood on Oct. 2. 
“For nearly 4 decades, Marlena Evans and I have loved the same man,” she began in her statement. “Marlena’s John is an iconic hero, unfailingly rescuing her from all matter of villains. My acting partner was incredibly professional from the moment he entered the studio; flawless in his preparation and ready for any eventuality in any scene.”
She complimented Hogestyn for how sweet he was to everyone on the set of “Days of Our Lives.”
Hall continued, “He was gracious and kind to everyone, from the executive staff to the night crew. Drake loved what he did and adored and respected everyone with whom he did it.”
She then mentioned his family, including his wife, Victoria, and their four children, Rachael, Ben, Whitney and Alexandra.
“Having said that, we always knew that his two greatest loves were his family and the Yankees,” she added. “Victoria and their children were truly the center of his life. Drake is dearly loved by everyone who ever knew him and he will be missed beyond measure. We will continue, as he always encouraged us, to swing for the fences.”
TODAY.com has reached out to Hall’s representative for a comment. 
Hogestyn’s family confirmed in a statement to TODAY.com that the actor died Sept. 28, a day before his 71st birthday, after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. 
“He was thrown the curve ball of his life when he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, but he faced the challenge with incredible strength and determination,” the statement said. “After putting up an unbelievable fight, he passed peacefully surrounded by loved ones.”
His family continued, “He was the most amazing husband, father, papa, and actor. He loved performing for the Days audience and sharing the stage with the greatest cast, crew, and production team in the business.”
At the end of the statement, the family concluded that they will love and miss the late actor “all the Days of our Lives.” 
Hogestyn joined “Days of Our Lives” in the 1980s, around a decade after Hall was cast in 1976. In 2020, the daytime drama celebrated its 55th anniversary and Hall spoke to TODAY.com about their instant chemistry. 
“He was interesting and different and had a very masculine vibe, and maybe that’s from being a ballplayer. I don’t know. And maybe it’s from not having done a great amount of acting. So he just brought his own game to it. But he was spectacular,” she gushed about Hogestyn.
She described their working relationship as “magical.” She went on to praise him for being a consummate professional. 
“Drake is a big believer in being wonderfully prepared and he knows the scene inside and out. He knows the moves and he knows this and he knows that. He’s got the backstory that was coming up,” she said. “I arrive on set kind of with things flying off of me wondering, ‘What am I doing today?’ And so I lean on him … it’s a good team. It’s a good team.”
She added, “We take care of each other. We respect each other.”
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.