The Minnesota Vikings’ season ended in Week 18 at Detroit, losing a game to the Lions that only helped draft positioning. Minnesota will pick 11th at the end of April. 
So, the offseason has arrived, and we asked all VikingsTerritory writers to develop a bold prediction for the next few months. There were the responses
Prediction Maker: Kyle Joudry 
Saying Jefferson, Hunter, and Cousins stick around isn’t that bold, so I’ll be more specific. The QB gets a two-year deal averaging $35 million per season, the EDGE gets a three-year contract averaging $25 million, and the WR receives a four-year agreement averaging $32.5 million per season.
Prediction Maker: Adam New 
The season started with an injury for Bradbury. He came back and played well, but then his form tailed off. The Vikings still need to improve on the IOL, and significant savings can be made by parting ways with Bradbury. I predict Kwesi Adofo-Mensah will pull the trigger.
Prediction Maker: Nate Powalie 
The Vikings go out and pick up Tee Higgins from the Bengals. This might be a bit of a stretch, considering Higgins wants a decent contract, and he really has been overlooked since the arrival of Ja’Marr Chase in Cincinnati. But he is a great No. 2 option at receiver, and I think he will nicely complement Justin Jefferson, Jordan Addison, and Kirk Cousins.
Prediction Maker: Wes Johnson 
While QB is a need for this team, the Vikings are thwarted in an attempt to jump into the Top 3 and grab one of the elite prospects. While McCarthy, Penix, and Nix showed some promise at the collegiate level, the Vikings aren’t willing enough to ignore other positional needs.
Prediction Maker: Dustin Baker
The trade partner is unclear right now, but the Vikings find a way to trade a king’s ransom to move up the board and secure the services of Drake Maye from North Carolina. 
The man is perfect for the Vikings offense, intermixed with Josh Allen-like mobility and a wonderful arm. Kevin O’Connell gets his pocket passer, and the Vikings fan base gets a mobile quarterback. 
This will cost a fortune, but such is life. 
Prediction Maker: Janik Eckardt
The Vikings trade up into the Top 3 to select their new franchise quarterback. GM Kwesi Adofo-Mensah must find someone to steer his ship for the time after Kirk Cousins, and he doesn’t want to risk losing his guy by staying put at the 11th overall pick.
Prediction Maker: Ali Siddiqui
The Vikings will release Nick Mullens and save the $1,900,000. They’ll draft a QB and bring back Kirk Cousins.
Prediction Maker: Cole Smith
Although the Vikings re-sign Kirk Cousins, they trade into the top 5 to draft their QB of the future.
Prediction Maker: Ted Schwerzler
Jefferson gets his payday, and Danielle Hunter stays. Both of those happen with Kirk Cousins returning as well.
Prediction Maker: Josh Frey
Kwesi Adofo-Mensah spoke with urgency on Wednesday when discussing the need to improve the Vikings roster this offseason during the end-of-season press conference. Minnesota needs to add a bit more oomph to their defensive line next year, especially with the uncertainty lingering with some of their pending free agents. Rankins is one of the league’s better pass-rushing defensive tackles, so Kwesi grabs him.
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. He hosts a podcast with Bryant McKinnie, which airs every Wednesday with Raun Sawh and Sal Spice. His Vikings obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream, ‘The Sopranos,’ Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band).
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.