Photo: Getty Images
Camila Cabello strutted onto the red carpet at this year's 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One with a mesmerizing new hairstyle. 
The "Havana" songstress, seen most recently with long, wavy locks, debuted chopped hair for night one of the iconic event, and concertgoers could hardly believe their eyes. Cabello preserved her signature bangs, but instead of her usual lengthy tresses, kept it short and sleek, switching things up for the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival. 
Paired perfectly with her new hairdo, the "My Oh My" standout stunned in a breathtaking, cap-sleeved, ombre dress that was sheer at the top and bottom, and black in the middle. The gorgeous gown fell to the floor, and the look was completed with black, ankle-strap heels. The artist proved once again that she knows how to take over an arena with a fresh look, and brand new tracks to dazzle the audience with. 
Cabello dropped her fourth studio album, X. C,XOXO, in June, featuring Drake, Lil Nas X, and more, and recently reunited with ex Shawn Mendes, spurring rumors of a rekindled romance while publicly citing "heartbreak everywhere." 
In a March 2024 podcast episode of Call Her Daddy on iHeartRadio, the "Señorita" songstress revealed that she falls in love fast but believes a "slow burn" is the healthiest way to go about cultivating a relationship. The former couple have yet to reveal if they reunited as friends or lovers this summer.  
We might not know her current relationship status, but we do know that Cabello looked and sounded fabulous at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival, so fabulous in fact, that you'll get to see her performance as many times as you wish over the next few weeks! 
If you missed any of the action this weekend, or just want to re-live it all, an iHeartRadio Music Festival special including highlights from the event will be available to stream on Hulu on October 7th.
See additional photos of the super star on the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival red carpet below, and stay tuned for night two featuring Hozier, Keith Urban, The Weeknd, and more! 
Photo: Getty Images North America
Photo: Getty Images North America
Photo: Getty Images North America