Digital Content Producer for NESN.com
I write about the Patriots and other sports. Frequent guest on NESN's "Foxboro Rush" podcast. Bill Belichick once told me I asked a "good question," and I think he meant it. Also walked 18 holes with Scottie Scheffler.
Why NFL Legend Confident Will Campbell Will 'Thrive' With Patriots
Continuing His Run: Origin Of Patriots' TreVeyon Henderson
Will Campbell's Edge Is Why He'll Stick There, NFL Legend Says
Red Sox Vs. Blue Jays Lineups: Garrett Crochet Starts Series Opener
Jobs will be won and jobs will be lost. 
The New England Patriots enter training camp with questions at just about every position, especially on the offensive side of the ball. 
Here are five of the most intriguing position battles ahead of camp, which opens at Gillette Stadium on July 24. 
QuarterbackFirst and foremost, right? It's more likely than not veteran signal-caller Jacoby Brissett will emerge from training camp atop the depth chart. But first-round rookie Drake Maye made impressive strides during the spring and there is a non-zero chance (maybe 10%?) he starts Week 1. From there, the big question will be whether the Patriots keep Bailey Zappe or Joe Milton III as their third-stringer. Or perhaps neither Zappe nor Milton make the initial 53-man roster?
Story continues below advertisement
Offensive lineArguably the most critical of all position battles, there are far more questions than answers on the offensive line. Will Chukwuma Okorafor cement himself as the top left tackle? How many reps will rookie Caedan Wallace see on the left side? Which first- or second-year players -- Sidy Sow, Layden Robinson, etc. -- will separate from the interior pack? Could Mike Onwenu actually start somewhere other than right tackle? The Patriots unveiled a number of lineup combinations during the spring, and that will continue as they search for their best five.
Wide receiverThe Patriots might not have a game-changer at the position, but what they lack in high-end talent they make up for in bodies. Behind roster locks Demario Douglas, Ja'Lynn Polk and Javon Baker -- Kendrick Bourne and K.J. Osborn feel like near-locks, too -- there will be a limited number of spots up for grabs. JuJu Smith-Schuster, Tyquan Thornton, Kayshon Boutte and Jalen Reagor are among those fighting for the final spot or two.
CornerbackWho is going to play opposite second-year standout Christian Gonzalez? Veteran cornerback Jonathan Jones presents arguably the biggest ripple effect as his versatility allows him to stay opposite Gonzalez or transition back into the slot. If Jonathan Jones stays outside, might Marcus Jones fill the slot role? However, if Jonathan Jones moves back inside, perhaps that's because the Patriots see second-year cornerback Alex Austin as a solid option opposite Gonzalez. 
KickerNew England this offseason brought in Joey Slye to compete with Chad Ryland, who returns following a disappointing rookie season. Slye was more consistent than Ryland during the spring. But should either Slye or Ryland (or both?) underwhelm at the start of camp, could the Patriots sign another veteran on the open market? It feels like a possibility given Ryland's rookie campaign. 
Story continues below advertisement
Digital Content Producer for NESN.com
I write about the Patriots and other sports. Frequent guest on NESN's "Foxboro Rush" podcast. Bill Belichick once told me I asked a "good question," and I think he meant it. Also walked 18 holes with Scottie Scheffler.
Featured image via Eric Canha/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network