New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye (10) during the first half of an NFL football game against the Houston Texans, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)AP
LONDON – Two weeks ago, Jerod Mayo compared his offensive line to musical chairs.
On Sunday, the game continued.
Inside Wembley Stadium, the Patriots started their seventh offensive line combination in seven weeks.
After left tackle Vederian Lowe suffered an ankle injury last weekend, Jerod Mayo’s team again made sweeping changes to their line. Against the Jacksonville Jaguars, the Patriots started Demontrey Jacobs (left tackle), Michael Jordan (left guard), Ben Brown (center), Layden Robinson (right guard), and Michael Onwenu (right tackle).
“It’s been tough, and I would say not only the left tackle position, just across the offensive line in general,” Mayo said this week in London. “I feel like we’ve been talking about this since training camp, and we continually do, whether it’s replacing someone because of injury or lack of performance. We still are kind of shuffling the deck, so it’s definitely been challenging. In saying that, all the guys have to be ready to play, no matter what position we’re talking about. Drake (Maye) does a good job extending plays as well, so we look forward to seeing that.”
The lack of continuity has been an issue, but the Patriots have been forced to change their offensive line every week this season. The offense saw four players start at left tackle in the first four weeks – Chuks Okorafor, Lowe, Caedan Wallace, and Jacobs.
Okorafor left the team, Lowe has dealt with multiple injuries, and Wallace is on the injured reserve. This has forced the Patriots to start Jacobs, who claimed off waivers at the end of training camp, at both left and right tackle.
At center, the Patriots were dealt a major blow when David Andrews suffered a season-ending torn rotator cuff. The team started Nick Leverett in his place in Week 5 but released Leverett after signing Brown off the Las Vegas Raiders practice squad.
Jordan has been a stable presence at left guard. The Patriots moved Onwenu from right tackle to right guard in Week 5, but after two weeks on the inside, the veteran is back to right tackle. That’s forced the Patriots to put Robinson back in the starting lineup at right guard.
This week, Mayo praised the rookie.
“The first thing I would say is Layden is one of the hardest practicing guys on the team. He always shows tremendous effort,” Mayo said. “Sometimes, you hit a wall, and he’s gone through that wall, and he’ll play (Sunday). He’s a very tough player, and I look forward to his future as well.”
The last time the Patriots started the same offensive line in back-to-back games was in Week 14 and Week 15 of last season.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices