Now 
64
 Sat 
77
 Sun 
79
A cold front moving through is bringing showers and isolated thunderstorms.  Heavy rainfall is expected.
by Sydney Keller, Kylie Walker
TOPICS:
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WZTV) — More than a dozen individuals have been indicted in Nashville's largest ever methamphetamine bust, Metro Nashville Police Department and the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation announced Wednesday.
A California man and two Nashville men were arrested in a drug operation involving crystal methamphetamine and fentanyl which stemmed from California.
As a result of this investigation, 13 people were named in a multicount Davidson County Grand Jury indictment that "alleges a series of drug conspiracy, drug distribution and drug crimes in this area."
Among these indicted is Francisco Velasquez Serrano of La Punta, California who is accused of being the source of meth shipments sent to Nashville. 
He was arrested in California and extradited back to Nashville this week.
James M. Butler and Jeffrey Jones, both of Nashville, were allegedly at the top of the meth distribution. MNPD says they led two separate groups that allegedly arranged shipments of meth to various Nashville addresses.
Other individuals charged in this case include:
Metro Police says they believe members of this drug operation use addresses of "unsuspecting local residents" to ship parcels. The packages are dropped off at these addresses and quickly apprehended. 
Metro Police believe more than 5,000 pounds of crystal methamphetamine and fentanyl have been shipped into Nashville in recent years.
Law enforcement has recovered more than 800 pounds of crystal meth and more than 24 pounds of fentanyl since the beginning of this investigation in November 2022. 
The investigation began on Nov. 25, 2022, when FedEx alerted MNPD narcotics detectives of seven suspicious parcels that were sent to six different locations in North Nashville and Antioch.
Chief John Drake said, "Interestingly, we believe that members of this drug operation use addresses of unsuspecting residents with parcels which will be shipped and then quickly retrieved right out to the delivery trucks that drove away."
All the parcels were sent from the same shipping service in Toluca Lake, California. 
All these parcels were intercepted and yielded 266 pounds of crystal meth.
Lt. Matthew Boguskie believes the drug trafficking began at the Mexico border into California, before reaching Nashville.
Chief Drake said, "Among these indicted, is Fransisco Vasquez Serano of La Punta, California he is accused of being the source of meth shipments sent to Nashville and is known to travel here as early as sept to help distribute and meet with his co-conspirators. "
Serano was arrested in California and extradited to Nashville this week. Locally, James Maurice Butler and Jerrey Carl Jones are accused of leading separate meth distribution rings, arranging shipments to various Nashville addresses.
Chief Drake added,  "As a result of this work, 13 persons were named in a multi-count Davidson County grand jury indictment  that lands a series of drug conspiracy, drug distribution, and gun crimes in this area."
Mayor Freddie O'Connell commended the collective work of law enforcement agencies and FedEx.
Chief John Drake says Nashville is a gateway for drug traffickers because of the interstate system.
This is an ongoing investigation. Authorities believe more charges are expected.
MNPD encourages civilians that if they see something, like a package taken off their porch that wasn't intended for delivery, say something to law enforcement because this is how a lot of these groups operate.
Download the FREE FOX 17 News app to get push alerts sent to your iPhone, iPad or Android.