Joan Brunwasser(Image by image by Meryl Ann Butler)   Details   DMCAOpEdNews Senior Editor Joan Brunwasser passed away on July 30, 2024 in Skokie, Illinois, after a long illness. She started writing for OpEdNews in 2005, submitting over a thousand articles and nearly 5,000 article links, which have had over three million views.
OpEdNews Editor-in-Chief, Rob Kall, said, "Joan was an essential part of the evolution and growth of OpEdNews who also became a good friend...I miss her." 
In 2013, when Joan's readership hit one million page views in 2013, OpEdNews Managing Editor Meryl Ann Butler interviewed her in Million Milestone for OEN's Joan B.
Joan was a co-founder of Citizens for Election Reform (CER) which "since 2005 existed for the purpose of raising the public awareness of the critical need for election reform." Joan had been Election Integrity Editor for OpEdNews beginning in December 2005. 




OpEdNews earned the 2013 Pillar Award for Community Activism and Journalism at the National Whistleblowers Conference in great part due to Joan's 27 articles and interviews in her whistleblower series which included: Edward Snowden, the Don Siegelman case and the related Gary White case of political assassinations, air safety, prisons, the pharmaceutical industry, and more.
After working together by phone on our articles over the years, Joan and I finally met in person when we attended the 2017 Images and Voices of Hope (IVOH) Media Summit and Retreat together at Peace Village in New York.
OEN Managing Ed Meryl Ann Butler and OEN Senior Ed Joan Brunwasser at IVOH, 2017(Image by Meryl Ann Butler)   Details   DMCA
We had a great time at the conference, and afterwards we took a side trip for lunch to the iconic Woodstock, NY, and then paid a fun visit to the largest kaleidoscope in the world at the Emerson Resort & Spa in Mount Temper, NY,  on the way to dropping Joan off at the Albany airport.
Kaleidoscope images, Emerson Resort and Spa(Image by Emerson Resort and Spa)   Details   DMCA
The kaleidoscope is housed in an old silo which is 60 feet tall and 37.5 feet in diameter-- you can stand or lie on the floor to experience the stunning "Kaleidoshow" of magical moving colors, we loved it! And they had an open-ended kaleidoscope for photo ops!
Kaleidoscopic image of Joan Brunwasser(Image by Meryl Ann Butler)   Details   DMCA
Joan's articles on OpEdNews garnered high praise and great respect. 
Medical whistleblower Dr. Jim Murtagh writes: "We owe a staggering debt to the new generation of whistleblowers- I call them gen-X- Bradley Manning, Edward Snowden, Thomas Drake, Jesselyn Radack, and to OpEdNews, to Rob Kall and Joan Brunwasser."
Roger Shuler, an embattled journalistic colleague in Alabama, wrote: "For my money, Joan Brunwasser of OpEdNews is one of the most astute interviewers in the world of progressive online news"  Anyone who cares about justice--from any point on the political spectrum--would be wise to check out Joan's work."Next Page  1   |  2(Note: You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member, or higher).

OpEdNews Senior Editor Joan Brunwasser passed away on July 30, 2024 in Skokie, Illinois, after a long illness. She started writing for OpEdNews in 2005, submitting over a thousand articles and nearly 5,000 article links, which have had over three million views.
OpEdNews Editor-in-Chief, Rob Kall, said, "Joan was an essential part of the evolution and growth of OpEdNews who also became a good friend...I miss her." 
In 2013, when Joan's readership hit one million page views in 2013, OpEdNews Managing Editor Meryl Ann Butler interviewed her in Million Milestone for OEN's Joan B.
Joan was a co-founder of Citizens for Election Reform (CER) which "since 2005 existed for the purpose of raising the public awareness of the critical need for election reform." Joan had been Election Integrity Editor for OpEdNews beginning in December 2005.
OpEdNews earned the 2013 Pillar Award for Community Activism and Journalism at the National Whistleblowers Conference in great part due to Joan's 27 articles and interviews in her whistleblower series which included: Edward Snowden, the Don Siegelman case and the related Gary White case of political assassinations, air safety, prisons, the pharmaceutical industry, and more.
After working together by phone on our articles over the years, Joan and I finally met in person when we attended the 2017 Images and Voices of Hope (IVOH) Media Summit and Retreat together at Peace Village in New York.
OEN Managing Ed Meryl Ann Butler and OEN Senior Ed Joan Brunwasser at IVOH, 2017(Image by Meryl Ann Butler)   Details   DMCA
We had a great time at the conference, and afterwards we took a side trip for lunch to the iconic Woodstock, NY, and then paid a fun visit to the largest kaleidoscope in the world at the Emerson Resort & Spa in Mount Temper, NY,  on the way to dropping Joan off at the Albany airport.
Kaleidoscope images, Emerson Resort and Spa(Image by Emerson Resort and Spa)   Details   DMCA
The kaleidoscope is housed in an old silo which is 60 feet tall and 37.5 feet in diameter-- you can stand or lie on the floor to experience the stunning "Kaleidoshow" of magical moving colors, we loved it! And they had an open-ended kaleidoscope for photo ops!
Kaleidoscopic image of Joan Brunwasser(Image by Meryl Ann Butler)   Details   DMCA
Joan's articles on OpEdNews garnered high praise and great respect. 
Medical whistleblower Dr. Jim Murtagh writes: "We owe a staggering debt to the new generation of whistleblowers- I call them gen-X- Bradley Manning, Edward Snowden, Thomas Drake, Jesselyn Radack, and to OpEdNews, to Rob Kall and Joan Brunwasser."
Roger Shuler, an embattled journalistic colleague in Alabama, wrote: "For my money, Joan Brunwasser of OpEdNews is one of the most astute interviewers in the world of progressive online news"  Anyone who cares about justice--from any point on the political spectrum--would be wise to check out Joan's work."
Next Page  1   |  2
(Note: You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member, or higher).
Meryl Ann  Butler Social Media Pages: 
		     		
		     		
		     		

Meryl Ann Butler is an artist, author, educator and OpedNews Managing Editor who has been actively engaged in utilizing the arts as stepping-stones toward joy-filled wellbeing since she was a hippie.  She began writing for OpEdNews in Feb, 2004.  She became a Senior Editor in August  2012 and Managing Editor in January, (more...) 
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help.
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews, please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership.
Most Popular Articles by this Author:     (View All Most Popular Articles by this Author)
CEO Ridiculed for Raising Minimum Wage to $70K Has the Last Laugh
The Bizarre Theft of Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski's Miracle Cancer Cure
Mysterious Bayou Sinkhole Continues to Cave In: Radiation, Hydrocarbons Detected
The Eclipse as Cosmic Muse
Tips for Avoiding Coronavirus
Relentless Bayou Corne Sinkhole Nearly 30 Times Original Size (UPDATED with Cave-In Video)

To View Comments or Join the Conversation:
"Rob Kall demonstrates how the Bottom-Up revolution has ushered in a business, political and social upheaval the likes of which we've never seen. Bottom-Up: Tapping the Power of the Connection Revolution is a must read book that you need, to understand how this revolution affects every area of your life and the opportunities it is creating."
			        Jim Donovan,  author, happy@work - 60 Simple Ways to Stay Engaged and Be Successful
Top Content
in the Last 2 Days
				  (by Page Views)

The Awful Transformation of Bernie Sanders by earl ofari hutchinson ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Positive Visions of the Future by Blair Gelbond ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Hamas Proposes Five-Year Truce in Gaza by Steven Sahiounie ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Eating Healthy is Do-able / Eating healthily on the fly (plus thoughts on hypoglycemia) by Gary Lindorff ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The Big Question About the UN Security Council's Gaza Ceasefire Resolution by Thomas Knapp ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Holding County Supervisors Accountable? by Carl Petersen ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Expanded thinking expands our world by Katie Singer ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Making It In America Posted by Robert Borosage ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Thomas J. Farrell's Further Reflections on His Life and Work by Thomas Farrell ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Drones have attacked the Freedom Flotilla by Peter Barus ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Dr Qumsiyeh: Weekly update: International workers' day Posted by Mazin Qumsiyeh ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Sonnet in Memory of Adolph Hitler by John Hawkins ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The Eclipse as Cosmic Muse by Meryl Ann Butler ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
RFK Jr.'s Food Coloring Policies: A Hill To Dye On? by Thomas Knapp ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The End of Recessions in the United States? by Joel Joseph ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Tariffs: Amazon, Walmart Shouldn't Assist Trump In Hiding His Tax Hikes by Thomas Knapp ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Social Security and Medicare by FREDERICK FLANAGAN ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
The "Eating Disorder" That No One Talks About by Martha Rosenberg ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
IMAGINING OUR FUTURE: PERILS AND PROMISE Story 1: The Global Brain Is Waking Up by Blair Gelbond ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Ukraine:  Notes from the Southeast by George Eliason ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Wholly employee owned non-profit corporations. by paul tuten ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Emerging from the Lotus: Stunning Hindu and Buddhist Statuary by Meryl Ann Butler ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Tomgram: Engelhardt, Apocalyptic Don? by Tom Engelhardt ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Thomas J. Farrell's Encore on the Tragic Anti-Body Heritage of Christianity (REVIEW ESSAY) by Thomas Farrell ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
End the 1917 Espionage Act by John Hawkins ( With membership, you can see # of pageviews)
Go To Top 50 Most Popular

Go To Top 50 Most Popular
Ad info: click here
Copyright © 2002-2025, OpEd News
Powered by Populum