By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and TERRY ZELLER and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  02:53, 9 February 2024   |  Updated:  03:44, 9 February 2024   
 12
View  comments
Drake is 'not responsible' for influencer, Bobbi Althoff's, split from estranged husband Cory - just one day after he officially filed for divorce on Wednesday. 
In documents obtained by TMZ, he cited their date of separation as July 4, 2023 - which also happened to be around the same time she uploaded the since-deleted, viral interview with the One Dance rapper, 37. 
The revelation of Bobbi, 26, and Cory's split comes six months after she denied having an affair with the Canadian music artist and also amidst the pair's alleged feud.  
However, sources informed TMZ on Thursday that the performer had nothing to do with the couple's break up - but rather, it was the media star's rise in fame. 
Last year in August - one month after she released an interview with Drake that showed the pair in bed together - Bobbi shut down speculation that both she and Drake were romantically involved. 
Drake, 37, is 'not responsible' for influencer, Bobbi Althoff's, 26, split from estranged husband Cory - just one day after he officially filed for divorce on Wednesday
In documents obtained by TMZ, he cited their date of separation as July 4, 2023 - which also happened to be around the same time she uploaded the since-deleted, viral interview with the One Dance rapper, 37
She slammed any rumors in a private message sent to Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, who later shared the conversation on his own Instagram account.
The messages between the pair were shared after a clip from Portnoy's podcast in which he discusses a conversation he had with Bobbi was shared on social media - having been edited to further fuel reports of an affair between the podcast host and the rapper.
In his DM to Bobbi, Portnoy asked directly whether she'd been intimate with Drake and was planning to divorce her husband, writing, 'My girlfriend said you slept with Drake and are getting a divorce. I am saying that is not true.'
Bobbi responded, 'I'm not commenting on it publicly, but off the record, you're right that is not true. 'The conversation ended with Portnoy adding, 'I knew I was right.'
In his BFFs podcast, the Barstool founder discussed that conversation - however the clip was edited for social media purposes in order to make it sound more 'juicy' than it was. 
Insiders also told the entertainment outlet that towards the end of summer last year, the Grammy winner wasn't on good terms with the media personality with their friendship becoming rocky. 
Following the viral podcast interview, Bobbi had remained in contact with Drake and he later invited her to one of his concert in Los Angeles in August. The next day, she notably took down the podcast interview with the rapper. 
Sources informed TMZ that the God's Plan hitmaker had only given her tickets for general admission, not VIP - which had allegedly made the media influencer 'angry.' 
Last year in August - one month after she shared an interview with Drake that showed the pair in bed together - Bobbi shut down speculation that both she and Drake were romantically involved
She slammed any rumors in a private message sent to Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, who later shared the conversation on his own Instagram account; seen in August 2023 in L.A.
Insiders also told the entertainment outlet that towards the end of summer last year, the Grammy winner wasn't on good terms with the media personality with their friendship becoming rocky
In another since-deleted clip, Bobbi uploaded a video of herself standing on the floor area inside the venue with an unamused expression on her face. 
Sources added that she was allegedly upset over only getting general admission access, and at one point during the concert, attempted to get backstage but was prevented from doing so by security. 
Afterwards, insiders told TMZ that the singer's team had requested Bobbi take down both the concert video as well as the viral interview. Amidst the rumored drama, the two also unfollowed each other on Instagram.  
In regards to whether Althoff and the rapper - whose full name is Aubrey Drake Graham - have resolved the rumored conflict, sources informed the outlet that the pair do not talk. 
However, while recently appearing on Keke Palmer's podcast, Bobbi claimed that she had spoken to the star around a month earlier. 
She also added that he is 'a very nice person' while crediting the rapper for 'changing the trajectory' of her life. 
According to court documents obtained by TMZ on Wednesday, her estranged husband Cory cited 'irreconcilable differences' as the reason for pulling the plug on his 4-year marriage to the podcast host. 
He is requesting shared physical and legal custody for their two daughters, one-year-old Isla and three-year-old Luca.
In another since-deleted clip, Bobbi had shared a video of herself standing on the floor area inside the venue with an unamused expression on her face
Sources added that she was allegedly upset over only getting general admission access, and at one point during the concert, attempted to get backstage but was prevented from doing so by security
Also on Wednesday, the media personality took to her main Instagram page to break her silence after Cory filed for divorce. 
She uploaded a black and white photo of the pair that was taken in the past, and penned to her fans and followers, 'As most of you have heard, Cory and I have filed for divorce.' 
'As sad as I am right now, I am so thankful for the time I got to be his wife. Our girls are so lucky to have him as a father & I am so lucky to be able to coparent with such an incredible father and person.' 
Bobbi added, 'While our relationship did not work out as husband and wife, we will always be friends and I will always love him.' 
On Thursday, the mother-of-two was seen for the first time since the divorce news came to light during an outing in Los Angeles. 
Afterwards, insiders told TMZ that the singer's team had requested Bobbi take down both the concert video as well as the viral interview. Amidst the rumored drama, the two also unfollowed each other on Instagram; seen in April 2023 in North Carolina 
Also on Wednesday, the media personality took to her main Instagram page to break her silence after Cory filed for divorce
She was spotted not wearing her wedding ring as she strolled along a sidewalk in a quiet neighborhood. 
While holding a conversation on her phone, Bobbi kept it casual in a pair of baggy, black Nike sweatpants as well as a long-sleeved, pink sweater. 
The former momfluencer first found fame on TikTok in 2021, after posting relatable content which focused on her children and pregnancy experiences.
She then launched her podcast in April of last year, where she has been praised for her deadpan humor while chatting to big name rappers such as Drake, Tyga and Lil Yachty.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group