18 November 2024

Yvette Nicole Brown is the last of her friends to get married.
Yvette Nicole Brown is the last of her friends to get married
The 53-year-old actress got engaged to Anthony Davis, 47, towards the end of last year but is relishing in all of the "firsts" in the run-up to the big day as she relies on her social circle for their opinions and advice. 
She told People: "I believe most of them have been married or are still married. I know a few of them have been at least proposed. This is my first everything. "So it's exciting to be able to sit at their feet a little bit and get their opinions about things, and for them to tell me what they think about it all.
"Me and Tony decided that because we're the age we are, we can't pick a bridal party.
"It'd be 5 million [people]!"

Yvette previously recalled being taken aback when she was told she was "running out of time" to find a husband.

She told Us Weekly: "I am not someone who would want a big wedding, but at the same time, there’s so many people that have prayed for me and wished for me who want to celebrate.

"Probably 10 years ago, I was on 'The Wendy Williams Show', and she asked me — and it’s not a dig against Wendy.

"It’s just where it happened. She asked me, ‘You know you’re running out of time, and when are you gonna get your guy and your kids?

"And I was like, ‘Wow. It’s not like I chose to go through life without a husband and children. It just didn’t happen.’."

The former 'Drake and Josh' star - who is also known for her roles in sitcoms such as 'Community' and 'The Mayor' - is in fact just thankful that she "didn't settle" for anyone else and was able to put her career first.

She said: "The idea that I was able to build a full career and then God still had someone for me is kind of a nice feeling because I didn’t settle. didn’t choose someone because I felt like the music was ending.

"I think every woman should do that."
© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.09656s v4.2 - 2025-05-03 19:47:31