Nicki Minaj is currently trending after seemingly slamming Jay Z and his Roc Nation imprint for booking Kendrick Lamar to perform at Super Bowl LIX in New Orleans, instead of Lil Wayne.
“Your hatred for BIRDMAN, Drake & Nicki got you punishing Lil Wayne?!?!!!” tweeted the Head Barb in Charge about an unnamed “house n***er.”
Jay-Z performs with Nicki Minaj at Yankee Stadium on September 15, 2010 in New York City. Source: Kevin Mazur / Getty
As previously reported, numerous people are up in arms about Kendrick being booked to perform at New Orleans’ Superdome, especially Louisiana residents who believe Wayne was an obvious choice.
Nicki Minaj might agree as she tweeted Monday that “one n*** took a knee”, referencing Colin Kaepernick’s blacklisting from the NFL after his repeated taking of a knee to protest police brutality and systematic racism, and “one n***a took a bag” seemingly referencing Jay Z announcing a five year $25-million NFL partnership in 2019.
“He gon get you “n****s” in line every fkng time,” wrote Nicki.
She continued and said that while someone has “everything in the world”, seemingly Jay Z, they’re still “spiteful & evil.” She also alleged that the persona also has an “ugly laffy taffy alien”, but it’s unclear who she’s referring to.
“Tried to tell yall but yall wanted brunch LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOO,” she added seemingly mocking the Roc Nation brunch before directly calling out the decision to have Kendrick headline the Super Bowl.
According to Nicki, someone must hate Birdman, Drake, and herself so much that he’s “punishing” Lil Wayne.
“Denying a young black man what he rightfully put into this game for no other reason but your ego,” wrote Nicki. “Your hatred for BIRDMAN, Drake & Nicki got you punishing Lil Wayne?!?!!! LIL WAYNE!!!!!!!!!! THE GOAT?!!!!!!!!!!! Nola what’s good?!!!!!!
She also noted that during Dr. Dre’s Super Bowl halftime performance, “white man” Eminem brought out 50 Cent whereas a “house N****er” is doing the opposite.
“Eminem stood firm on having 50Cent come out,” she wrote. “A white man. S*** sad. House NIGGER TINGZ. but it’s GOOD FI DEM!!!!!!! No loyalty ? Welp. then niggaz will keep son’ing you!!!!! #DTLR #GagCityDC LMFAOOOOOOOOOO GOODAZ FI DEL GAL U AH GOODAZ FI DEM.”
Before ending her rant, she praised Lil Wayne for helping her career not only publicly, but behind the scenes while also influencing the face and hair of Hip-Hop.
“And btw, you don’t know half of what lil Wayne has done for me & others. Wayne had drake & I on his tour w/no papers signed,” wrote Nicki.”We was on all of my mixtapes w/no papers signed. This man has literally changed the FACE of hip hop. The hair too. IYKYK. He inspired so many to tat their faces & get locks. Inspired your faves to wanna be a great MC. he never was in this for the money. It’s always been for the love of music.”
Some people applaud Nicki’s decision to speak out, while others wonder if the artist she’s defending would do the same.
What do YOU think about Nicki Minaj’s Super Bowl rant? Do YOU think she’s calling out Jay Z?
RELATED CONTENT: Activist Slams Kendrick Lamar Over Light-Skinned Fianceé: “I Will Never Support Him”

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital