The incarcerated rapper was paid a visit by his girlfriend Mariah The Scientist.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Drake had much to say about a leaked visitation video between incarcerated rapper, Young Thug, and his girlfriend, Mariah The Scientist. In a two-minute video, the couple can been seen and heard speaking through a glass wall where they exchange sweet nothings, pet names, and more. 

	The OVO boss deemed the invasion of privacy as “disgraceful” and called out the Fulton County jail staff for the “shameful” act. He has now urged Judge Ural Glanville to release Thugga.

	“This gotta be some form of jail misconduct,” Drizzy wrote under DJ Akademik’s repost of the leak. “You gonna drag this talented man then not be able to control your employees using his personal business for their own gain? Somebody benefitted from this video even existing and that’s shameful.”

	










	He dubbed the “Slat” rapper’s case as “washed” and suggested that the judge “just [free] the guy” and let Thug “come home and continue bringing light to Atlanta.” 

	In another post to his own IG stories, the 6 God addressed Judge Glanville directly, questioning his motives behind the case.

	“Sh*t is disgraceful… is this a criminal case or Atlanta social media promo Ural Glanville?” he inquired.

	See above.

	In the unfortunate leak of the heartwarming video, Mariah can be heard saying “Merry Christmas” to Thug and thanking her beau for buying her cuban link necklaces. In response, Thug questions the weight of the 14k hardware around her neck and jokes her that she “looks like a rapper now.”

	The “Always n Forever” singer also can be seen giving him kisses through the glass divider, as well as the pair telling each other how much they love and miss one another. 

	See below.
Leaked Young Thug and Mariah the Scientist jail call #freesex pic.twitter.com/w31nMcL7QD
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.