While most of the Week 7 slate seems pretty clean, Jason Logan has identified three games that could be affected by various weather conditions, including wind at Orchard Park.
Mother Nature throws football bettors a bone in NFL Week 7. 
After winds, rains, and heat plagued the opening third of the season, most outdoor venues hosting games this weekend should see perfect pigskin conditions.
That’s not to say there aren’t a few forecasts to keep an eye on when making your NFL picks and predictions, especially if you’re getting up early to bet on the London game.
Here’s a look at the NFL weather report and how it could impact the NFL odds in Week 7.
The international series swings to Wembley Stadium, where UK football fans are force-fed the putrid pairing of the New England Patriots and Jacksonville Jaguars. Perhaps the only thing nastier than the quality of the competition will be the weather.
Some forecasts are calling for a 71% chance of rain with showers getting lighter in the second half. Wembley Stadium is only partially covered with a big ol' hole over the pitch, so rain could soak the always tricky surface for this NFL showcase.
Sustained winds are expected as high as 26 mph with gusts up to 46 mph. However, due to the partial roof, wind may not be as much of a factor. As of Thursday, this Over/Under total is at 42.5 after opening as low as 40.5 points.
I did some digging amongst football fans (I mean, soccer) and my findings are inconclusive, with some noting the stadium setup cuts down on breezes, while others say it depends on the direction. As of now, that direction is south and moving from corner to corner.
Rain could make for slick footballs, leading to botched snaps, dropped balls, and fumbles. New England has rookie QB Drake Maye working with a backup center in Ben Brown. As for Jacksonville, Trevor Lawrence’s targets have the 15th-highest drop rate. Both the Pats and Jags have suffered from turnover issues, with a combined nine fumbles on the season.
If the wind does make its way inside Wembley, kicking will be an issue. New England and Jacksonville have each attempted 11 field goals with their kickers going a combined 19-for-22. Deeper passes could also be a problem, which affects the Jaguars’ downfield attack more, as Lawrence sits second in intended air yards per attempt.
The Houston Texans travel for their second straight road game, with the Week 7 sked sending them to Wisconsin. 
It will be a beautiful day at Lambeau Field, with temperatures in the mid-70s but winds could pick up at points during this 1 p.m. kickoff. Forecasts call for sustained breezes of 13 mph with gusts getting up to 23 mph, blowing SW from corner to corner.
Texans kicker Ka'imi Fairbairn missed his first field-goal attempt of the season outdoors at New England last weekend, going wide right on a 40-yard boot in the first quarter. Otherwise, he’s been perfect on FGA and PATs.
The Green Bay Packers just sent struggling kicker Brayden Narveson "packing" after his inconsistent efforts to start 2024, bringing in former Broncos/Jaguars leg Brandon McManus. His recent struggles found him jobless to start the season, going a collective 58-for-73 (79%) on FGAs the past two seasons.
Sunday will be a lovely day to bust some tables in Orchard Park, besides some breezes blowing around Highmark Stadium for this 1 p.m. ET start.
Sustained winds of 13 mph could get up to speeds of 26 mph, with stronger gusts in the second half moving WSW from corner to corner.
Buffalo Bills kicked Tyler Bass is no stranger to strong winds in western New York but enters Week 7 with a 9-for-12 count of field goals, as well as an 18-for-20 record on PATs. Titans veteran leg Nick Folk is a perfect 8-for-8 on FGAs and has made all 10 PATs as well.
The Tennessee Titans passing game doesn’t go too deep, with only 10 passing plays of 20-plus yards from Will Levis, who averages the fifth-fewest air yards per completion. 
Bills QB Josh Allen has the capacity to let it rip, ranked fourth in intended air yards per attempt, but this offense relies more on shorter throws and yards after the catch — at least until Amari Cooper is ready to roll.
Monitor gametime conditions with our live NFL weather info and learn how weather impacts NFL betting.
Not intended for use in MA.Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.
In his 20 years with Covers, lead NFL betting analyst “JLo” has seen it all and bet it all. Through the wild west of early Internet gambling to lobbying for legalized sports betting to our brave new wagering world, Jason has been a consistent source of actionable info and entertainment for squares and sharps alike.
Since joining the Covers team back in 2005, he’s honed his handicapping skills to provide audiences with the most thorough insights, blending traditional capping methods with advanced modelling and predictive analysis. Jason has studied the ins and outs of the sports betting business, learning from some of the most successful gamblers in the industry and the biggest sportsbook operators on the planet.
He is under center for Covers during NFL season as our top NFL expert, taking the points in his infamous “NFL Underdogs” column and representing the Covers Community at the Super Bowl. While he lives for football season, Jason’s first love is basketball and that shows in his in-depth NBA, NCAA, and WNBA betting breakdowns.
On top of being a mainstay in media from coast to coast – WPIX, PHL17, Fox 5 San Diego, WGNO, TSN, SportsNet, ESPN Radio – he’s had his analysis featured in USA Today, MSNBC, ESPN, the Wall Street Journal, CBS, Bloomberg, the L.A. Times, the New York Times and other major publications. You can also find JLo stuffing all the top picks and predictions he can into 10 minutes as the host of Covers’ flagship podcast, The Sharp 600.
His best advice for bettors new and old is “Handicapping isn’t a ‘one size fits all’ process. The impact and importance of information varies from bet to bet. Treat each wager different than the last.”

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.