The Ultimate World Cruise has become a TikTok phenomenon as travelers document their time on board, including questions about its future itinerary amid global conflicts
Jeffrey Greenberg/Universal Images Group via Getty
 Royal Caribbean is addressing that its famous nine-month cruise could end early due to global unrest affecting the itinerary.

 A popular content creator aboard the company’s Ultimate World Cruise, Adita (who goes by @aditaml2759), shared a TikTok on Tuesday that revealed she’s been “hearing a couple of rumors” about the course of the trip that has her feeling “a little worried.” 

 “The rumor that I’ve been hearing is that Royal Caribbean is thinking of ending the World Cruise in Los Angeles due to problems in the Middle East and us not being able to go through the Red Sea and the Suez Canal,” she says in the video.

 She adds that it’s “worrying” if those plans are true and the cruise line hasn’t informed the passengers yet. “We would certainly like to know.” 

 The cruiser adds that she thinks there are alternatives to ending the cruise early, such as taking a detour around Africa or dropping passengers off in Dubai and flying them to the Mediterranean. 

 She concludes, “I don’t like putting rumors out there, but I think the passengers that invested so much money and so much time to see the world deserve to know what is going on.” 

Getty
 In a statement shared with PEOPLE from Royal Caribbean, the cruise line confirmed it will continue its journey as planned. 

 “The Ultimate World Cruise has given guests the opportunity to see the world in a unique way, and we have loved watching their reactions to this incredible experience. This adventure will complete its first segment in February, and we can’t wait to kick off the next part of the journey shortly after and begin exploring Asia," the statement says.

 Two other passengers on board the ship tell PEOPLE they have not heard the rumor about the cruise ending early.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 A crisis in the Suez Canal may be the cause for concern among passengers. Pirate attacks on cargo ships in the Red Sea are causing major disruptions in the region, according to the New York Times. The conflict between Israel and Palestine as well as U.S military actions in Yemen are also ongoing.

 Silversea, a cruise line under the Royal Caribbean Group, altered one of its ship's itineraries this week, according to Travel Weekly.  The ship was scheduled to sail through the Red Sea, from Aqaba, Jordan, passing by Yemen on its way to Muscat, Oman. A representative for Royal Caribbean Group told the outlet that the cruise will be cut short, ending in Aqaba, where guests will disembark. They'll instead return by plane from there.

 The "Middle East and Med" portion of the World Cruise begins in May 2024 with planned stops in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Salalah, Oman; and Petra, Jordan.

 Passengers officially set sail on the Serenade of the Seas for the nine-month journey starting Dec. 10, 2023. The trip is set to conclude on Sept. 10, 2024 after it makes its way through the Americas, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Mediterranean, Europe and beyond.

 The sailing will cover 11 world wonders and travel to more than 60 countries in 274 days. Prices for the full experience ranged from $53,999 per person to $117,599 per person.

 While the ship has already made its way through the Drake Passage on its journey to Antarctica earlier this month, additional legs of the cruise are still available for passengers to book.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)