After another beyond-disappointing performance in Week 15, leading to an embarrassing loss to the Cardinals, the Patriots offense is, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the weakest part of the roster. The offensive line remains one of the biggest issues every week, which was a problem again on Sunday due to penalties and a serious lack of protection on Drake Maye, but the receiving corps was a significant problem, too.
It made it even clearer that the Patriots need to do all they can to sign a top-tier free agent in the spring, with the focus from most fans being on Tee Higgins. He has been connected to New England for the past few offseasons, with no trade getting done to acquire him.
So because he's scheduled to be a free agent for the first time in his career next year, fans and reporters are already demanding the Patriots throw all the money at him to ensure they get him in the building for 2025 and beyond. 
With a projected $130+ million in cap space to use, that shouldn't be too difficult to do, especially with Drake Maye as an enticing quarterback to play with. On top of that, Higgins' newest partnership might also be grounds for coming to Foxboro.
Over the weekend, the Bengals receiver announced his new partnership with Gillette Labs in a post on his Instagram. It's the perfect company for Higgins to work for if you're the Patriots, as their stadium name is after the brand.
While it's probably far-fetched to believe this could really mean something about his potential future in New England, it's still an interesting move considering the long list of brands that have likely reached out and wanted to work with him, yet he chose to sign with Gillette.
What makes it even more interesting is the recent news about Higgins deciding to sign with a new agency last week and they happen to also represent his teammate Ja'Marr Chase. He will also be looking for a new contract next year, as he will be playing on his fifth-year option in 2025. It will force the Bengals to decide what to do with their two receivers, assuming they'll pay the big bucks to keep Chase and allow Higgins to walk.
Now that they're both represented by the same group, that might be a little bit trickier, but Cincinnati won't have the funds to pay them both the top dollar they want and deserve.
So that means the Patriots need to go after Higgins early and strong and offer him a contract he simply can't refuse, even if a team closer to winning a Super Bowl extends an offer, too. It's just a bonus that he already has a partnership with the brand with the naming rights to the stadium in Foxboro.
Gillette sponsorship the same week? 🧐I am simply putting two and two together...Tee Higgins is a Patriot. pic.twitter.com/O2PeKs1DEG
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.