By
Pusha T is weighing in on Drake’s taking  legal action against Universal Music Group over Kendrick Lamar‘s “Not Like Us.”
During an interview with Ari Melber at Miami Art Week, Pusha was asked how he felt about being mentioned on Kendrick’s scathing diss track “Euphoria.”
“I guess he was just telling him he needed to address me before he comes back and tries to go at him,” Pusha responded.
Pusha then went on to laud Kendrick’s lyrical performance during the rap battle.
“I think that Kendrick is a lyricist and a lyricist that talks to your soul. You can be clever, you can say cute things, you can do things in cadences, and so on and so forth. But the truth really hurts, and the truth cuts deep,” Pusha added.
The Clipse founder also shared his opinion on why Drake would initiate legal action against UMG, which his been signed to for his whole career.
“I think what Kendrick was doing was really talking to his soul and that would cause you to tap out. That would cause you to sue, that would cause you to do a lot of things. It’s crazy,” Pusha explained.
When asked if Kendrick won the battle, Pusha responded emphatically, “1,000 percent.”
On “Euphoria,” Kendrick raps, “I don’t like you poppin’ sh*t at Pharrell, for him, I inherit the beef / Yeah, f*ck all that pushin’ P, let me see you push a T / You better off spinnin’ again on him, you think about pushin’ me.”
..”In an interview with Vulture,   Push and his brother No Malice gave their take on the song. 
“Incredible, Incredible display,” Push said. “Incredible display of battle raps. Listen man, Kendrick…”
“It was a master class,” No Malice added.
Pusha is no stranger to having a war of words with Drake. The rapper dropped  “The Story of Adidon,” and revealed to the world that Drake had fathered a son.
After the battle cooled down, Pusha believes the song deeply affected Drake.
“Every time I hear a subliminal in one of his songs, it just lets me know how deep it hurt him,” he said. “Because it’s been four years now. And we are still talking about it. He is. I don’t. I’m cool. But every time it’s subliminal, I’m like, yes. It burns, It still burns. It lets me know. I love it.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97