By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:31, 9 July 2024   |  Updated:  13:23, 9 July 2024   
 153
View  comments
Tobey Maguire's ex-wife Jennifer Meyer appears to have pushed back on rumors the Spider-Man actor is in a romance with model Lily Chee, who is nearly three decades younger than him.
A Reddit thread posted Sunday titled 'Jen Meyer defends ex-husband Tobey Maguire' included what People reported was a comment from Meyer denying any romantic connection between Maguire and Chee.
Meyer, a 47-year-old jewelry designer, seemingly addressed reports that had linked Maguire to Chee after they were pictured with one another at an exclusive July 4 bash known as the 'White Party' in the Hamptons in New York thrown by billionaire Michael Rubin.
The Reddit thread included a screengrab from Instagram sent to an account for Meyer's Los Angeles-based jewelry company under the handle @jenmeyerjewelry.
A user purportedly asked Meyer 'Why is your ex husband banging someone 3 years older than your daughter,' with three skull emojis.
Tobey Maguire's ex-wife Jennifer Meyer, 47, appears to have pushed back on rumors the Spider-Man actor, 49, is in a romance with model Lily Chee, 20. Pictured at a July 4 bash known as the 'White Party' in the Hamptons in New York 
Meyer, a jewelry designer, seemingly addressed reports that had linked Maguire to Chee. Pictured in April at an event in Beverly Hills, California
A reply from the @jenmeyerjewelry account read, 'I don't usually respond to such nonsense, but he was kindly helping a friend to her car. Being a good guy.
'And now he has [been] blasted online for dating someone he is not. But thank you for your rude comments. I hope it made you feel better today. Wishing you love and light.'
The comment was subsequently deleted, according to The Independent.  
Another comment from the account of Meyer's jewelry business, according to People, read, 'I am disengaging after this… But don't believe everything you read (I'm sure you were taught that somewhere) Tobey is as good of a guy as it gets.'
Neither Maguire or Chee have publicly addressed the speculation of a summer romance in the days since they were pictured with one another.
Chee on Saturday documented her outing at the luxe bash with a series of photos she posted to Instagram, posing by herself and with pals. She captioned the shot, '​​fun fun fun for the 4th.'
Maguire and Meyer exchanged vows in 2007 in Kona, Hawaii and would announce they had separated nine years later, in 2016.
The former couple, who eventually finalized their divorce in 2020, are parents to daughter Ruby Sweetheart, 17 and son Otis Tobias, 15.
On Monday, an insider told US Weekly that Maguire and Chee 'aren't seriously dating but have been hanging out.'
Meyer purportedly defended her ex-husband in a series of Instagram posts that were subsequently posted to Reddit 
Chee on Saturday documented her outing at the luxe bash with a series of photos she posted to Instagram, posing by herself and with pals 
The model was pictured during a Paris Fashion Week event on June 20 
Maguire and Meyer announce they had separated in 2016, and appeared to be on good terms at an event in LA in December of 2017 
Meyer has been linked to entertainment exec Geoffrey Ogunlesi in the years since her divorce was finalized. Pictured in April in Beverly Hills 
Maguire and Chee were introduced through nightclub impresario Richie Akiva 'and mutual friends,' the insider told the outlet, adding that the relationship is 'nothing serious' at this time.
'They were together all night hanging out, having fun and went to an after party with a big crew,' the source told the outlet.
Among the other notable names who attended the White Party included Kim Kardashian, Megan Thee Stallion, Drake, Megan Fox and Tom Brady, according to People.
Meyer has been linked to entertainment exec Geoffrey Ogunlesi in the years since her divorce was finalized, as they attended an event in Los Angeles last fall. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group