Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)
 Its undeniably the song of the year. It deserves ROTY and SOTY nods and deserves to be the second Rap song in Grammy history to win both. 
i think it can be denied.
i mean, old town road was much more undeniable with 19 weeks at #1 and it was denied in both. or 16 week #1 despacito.
I don’t remember too many “rap fans” that claim rap records “undeniable” because we have always called out the rap bias in the general field. AOTY is the category that urban fans always hope for the best, but it never happens.  For what it’s worth, I don’t think “Old Town Road” or “Despacito” was ever “deniable” because they lost to something either just as acclaimed or more (“Bad Guy”) or something by a seasoned Grammy favorite (Bruno Mars). Both also lost in a general field sweeper, too. There’s none this year.
Either way, only “Texas Hold Em” seems to be what the Grammys would go for. Bubbly pop songs like “Espresso” that any C-level pop singer can make ain’t happening, sorry. It screams “Don’t Start Now” all over again. I’m just not sure Bey’s strength this year, but this is possibly her biggest chance at a general field win. Then there is always the quick check of the Eyelash.
“Not Like Us” is a fucking banger but predicting a ROTY/SOTY win for it is completely nuts.
I feel Sabrina is a lock, they seem to often go for the most successful, except when no contender pulled flashy numbers. Also, she’s been in the industry for a while now, people kinda know her.
I don’t think she is a total lock yet. Apparently, Chappell Roan’s wave is starting now. I didn’t realize how popular she is. Her wave is giving a lite-Gaga circa ’08. She already has had five songs on the Hot 100 and her album   has climbed to the top 10.
i think it can be denied.
i mean, old town road was much more undeniable with 19 weeks at #1 and it was denied in both. or 16 week #1 despacito.
This is not the BBMAs, if you’re talking about impact. 

Yeah, that’s what I’m talking about. There isn’t a bias just because your personal favorite doesn’t win.
If there’s a trend where a certain genre never wins, it could certainly be a bias. We don’t have to be disingenuous about genre bias, race and the Grammys.
A paragraph about how there is no such thing as bias and that rap is an “inferior” genre incoming
 This is not the BBMAs, if you’re talking about impact. 
is the category “best impact of the year”?
also impact is subjective. the main impact seems to be, like, people think drake is lamer than before. is that something that grammy voters would think is an undeniable thing to reward?
at least the beyonce argument is about positive impact, that she made country music a bit less lame to people who don’t care about country music. but based on general field wins in general the last decade, grammy voters also don’t care a ton about it.
is the category “best impact of the year”?
No but you used weeks at #1 to justify “impact” and being “undeniable” hence why I said this isn’t the BBMAs
But Alright
Crazy that most of the #1 hits this year will probably be non-factors come voting time – “Lovin on Me,” “We Can’t Be Friends,” “I Had Some Help,” “Too Sweet,” “Like That,” “Please Please Please,” “yes, and?,” “Fortnight,” “Carnival,” “Lose Control,” (thanks to its ineligibility)…  
This is probably Beyoncé and/or Kendrick’s best chances to take advantage of relatively weak competition.
 I don’t think she is a total lock yet. Apparently, Chappell Roan’s wave is starting now. I didn’t realize how popular she is. Her wave is giving a lite-Gaga circa ’08. She already has had five songs on the Hot 100 and her album headed has climbed to the top 10. 
I think right now I’d put Sabrina at 1 but I think Chappell is going to give her a run for her money. I believe her album is Top 5 rn and Good Luck, Babe is poised to be her first entry into the Top 10. Impressive consider Midwest Princess came out last September. I think she has 2 more that are trying to get into the Hot 100 as well. It’s gonna be a battle and I hope they don’t end up vote splitting lmao.
Also, I’m not a rap fan at all, but even I can’t deny Not Like Us in Song/Record. I personally don’t see it winning though.
 No but you used weeks at #1 to justify “impact” and being “undeniable” hence why I said this isn’t the BBMAs But Alright 
i didn’t say anything about impact until you said it was the impact
Honey, we have been through this many times.  Even in a shitty year, Kendrick Lamar will NOT win Record of the Year/Song of the Year.  The Rap bias is real.  A safe, bland song by a white artist is winning.
I think right now I’d put Sabrina at 1 but I think Chappell is going to give her a run for her money. I believe her album is Top 5 rn and Good Luck, Babe is poised to be her first entry into the Top 10. Impressive consider Midwest Princess came out last September. I think she has 2 more that are trying to get into the Hot 100 as well. It’s gonna be a battle and I hope they don’t end up vote splitting lmao.
Also, I’m not a rap fan at all, but even I can’t deny Not Like Us in Song/Record. I personally don’t see it winning though.
That’s why I liken this year’s lineup to the 2020 lineup. Shaboozey reminds me of Lil Nas X with a bit more credibility. His album seems to be holding up well, and “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is slated to be #1 next week. Then Benson Boone and Tommy Richman have really made impacts. Not a bad year for BNA nominees.
Constantly doubting black people’s abilities to win is pretty racist, ngl. And no, the history doesn’t support it.
The gaslighting is crazy. Doubting black people’s abilities to win based on history of obvious trends is not racist. It’s realistic. The fact that you posted this comment, but also made a previous comment about rap fans being mad when their favorites don’t win is quite contradictory.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media