Getty Image
The arrest and charges made against Sean Combs, AKA Diddy, earlier this month has raised a plethora of questions, especially about what other famous celebrities were involved in his alleged sex trafficking.
Among the numerous accusations being leveled at Diddy is that he threw parties called “freak offs” in which underage women were allegedly drugged and sexually assaulted.
The deafening silence from pretty much every celebrity close to the rapper has also created an air of suspicion. Numerous famous people have also gone out of their way to delete previous social media messages they posted in the past lauding Combs, but very few of them have actually denounced him publicly.
Now, some of those same names are being bandied about in a rumor started by singer and songwriter Jaguar Wright, who claims Diddy sold a “freak off” party tape for $500 million on the dark web. Not only that, Wright claimed numerous celebrities were in the alleged video.
“Oh no, he’s selling it because he needs the cash. The last ‘freak off’ tape that just got sold on the dark net, which I know because I monitor, went for $500 million … It was a really interesting night in Calabasas, and he just sold that footage,” RadarOnline.com reports Wright said in a recent interview.
Wright also claimed, “Most people don’t even know that the dark coin exists, but that’s how they’re trading for all of the flesh they sell. That’s why I became so outraged last year when the girls – when the twins turned 16, and he had them dressed like prostitutes, and then he auctioned them off as NFTs. The NTF was attached to that dark f—— coin.”
Jaguar Wright making wild accusations about Diddy is nothing new.
Previously, she has claimed Diddy has a tape of a woman being murdered. The woman in question was Cathy White, who was alleged to be Jay-Z’s mistress before she died in 2011.
She has also made wild claims about Nicki Minaj, Diddy and Meek Mill, Justin Bieber and Odell Beckham Jr., and Megan Thee Stallion.
However, she has not produced a single shred of evidence to back up any of her claims, so who knows if Jaguar Wright is telling the truth? That being said, Diddy’s arrest and the heinous charges made against him has certainly lent her accusations a little more credence.