Days of Our Lives (DOOL) spoilers reveal that Julie Williams (Susan Seaforth Hayes) will gather her courage and return to the home she watched burn to the ground. What’s left of the Horton house will be in pretty rough shape when Julie surveys the damage.
Fortunately, Julie won’t have to go through this alone.
Doug Williams (Bill Hayes) and Maggie Kiriakis (Suzanne Rogers) will be by Julie’s side as she takes in the devastating scene before her.
Maggie already gave Julie a pep talk about rebuilding, but she may offer another one during the week of February 19-23.
Days spoilers say Maggie won’t want Julie to lose heart when it comes to restoring the Horton house to its former glory.
DOOL fans can expect Roman Brady (Josh Taylor) and Kate Roberts Brady (Lauren Koslow) to step up for Julie during this crisis as well.
Kate and Roman will pop over to let Julie know they’ll do anything they can to help.
Days spoilers say Marlena Evans (Deidre Hall) and John Black (Drake Hogestyn) will also pitch in, so Julie will have several loved ones around her as she tries to move forward.
Even Leo Stark (Greg Rikaart) will prove helpful since he’ll play a role in lifting Julie’s spirits by asking about the history of the Horton family.
Julie loves to talk about the past, so she’ll be glad to pass along some updates.
Maybe Leo will use Julie’s story for a new column at The Spectator depending on how all this goes down.
Of course, there’ll be a point to all this, so DOOL viewers will definitely want to check out the February 21 episode.
It’ll lead to the shocking discovery of a vintage mystery box – perhaps stashed away in some hidey-hole that wasn’t visible until the fire took down a huge chunk of the house.
This could kick off a new storyline where the past collides with the present and sets up the future.
What secrets will be contained in this special box and which characters will be affected? Will this intriguing discovery lead to something positive or something sinister instead?
Regardless, it’s always fun when a Days mystery begins, so fans will be eager to get the clues and see all the stunning news ahead.
Days of Our Lives spoilers say some exciting developments are on the way, so don’t miss what’s inside this vintage box once it’s opened.
Be sure to make CDL your one-stop source for the hottest Days of Our Lives spoilers, news and updates!
RELATED POSTS