Newly-named New England Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo speaks with his daughter Chylo, 6, after facing reporters Wednesday, Jan. 17, 2024, during an NFL football news conference, in Foxborough, Mass. Mayo succeeds Bill Belichick as the franchise's 15th head coach. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)AP
Jerod Mayo has a lot on his plate this offseason.
The new Patriots coach is currently putting together his first coaching staff. After that, he’ll embark on free agency and then will have one of the most important draft picks in recent team memory.
The Patriots currently have the No. 3 pick in the 2024 NFL Draft. That’s led to speculation that Mayo’s team will target a quarterback. The top three in this draft are USC’s Caleb Williams, North Carolina’s Drake Mayo, and LSU’s Jayden Daniels.
On Monday, Mayo told WEEI’s ‘The Greg Hill Show’ that the Patriots will target an important position.
“We’re going to take the best available player for the biggest need on the team,”  Mayo said. “That’s what we’re going to do.”
That quote initially led to speculation that Mayo was saying the Patriots would draft a quarterback next spring. When asked, however, the Patriots coach named three positions as the team’s biggest need naming, “offensive line, receiver, quarterback.”
The Patriots head into this offseason with severe needs on the offensive end. They lack a franchise quarterback and No. 1 receiver. Both their starting tackles, Trent Brown and Michael Onwenu, are set to become free agents. All their tight ends, Hunter Henry, Mike Gesicki, and Pharaoh Brown, are free agents as well.
The Patriots won’t just fill these needs by way of the draft. They’re currently projected to have the fourth most cap space this offseason so they will be active in free agency.
With the draft, however, their first-round pick is extremely important. The Patriots have to decide whether to take the best available quarterback or the best available player. That could mean deciding between someone like Daniels, who won the Heisman Trophy, Ohio State receiver Marvin Harrison Jr., or a top tackle such as Notre Dame’s Joe Alt.
The Patriots haven’t had a top 3 pick in the draft since 1993 when they selected Drew Bledsoe with the first overall pick. On Monday, Mayo said he’ll work with the scouting department when it comes time to make the pick and added he doesn’t expect everyone to agree with it.
“I don’t think you can get the entire organization to see it the same. They may see the position we need as ‘we need a quarterback’ or ‘we need a running back’ or ‘we need a receiver,’” Mayo said. “At the same time, there’s a lot that goes into those picks. We’ll evaluate those players but we also have a scouting department that’s paid to do a lot of that stuff as well. At the end of the day, we have to make a decision and we’re responsible for it.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices