New England Patriots center and team captain David Andrews recently compared rookie quarterback Drake Maye to living legend Tom Brady after Maye met with offensive players following what he felt was a poor practice. 
Ahead of what became New England's 28-22 loss to the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday afternoon, Patriots icons Rob Gronkowski and Julian Edelman spoke on the Fox pregame show about what Maye has given the rebuilding club since becoming the starter in Week 6. 
"I love everything about him," Gronkowski said about Maye, as shared by Lauren Campbell of MassLive. "Just that aura around him. He’s a complete leader. He’s a complete quarterback out on the football field. He has that aura around him where the players like him, they like what he’s doing, they like how he prepares. To have that skill at 22 years old, you know you’re going to be the real deal and you know you’re in the right mindset to be the quarterback of the New England Patriots if you’re already doing that." 
Against the Rams, Maye completed 30-of-40 pass attempts for 282 yards with a pair of touchdowns. However, the third overall pick of the 2024 NFL Draft also tossed a game-sealing interception with under two minutes remaining in regulation. Per Nick O'Malley of MassLive, Maye accepted blame for that pick following the defeat and insisted that wide receiver DeMario "Pop" Douglas "did the right thing" on that play. 
Such leadership traits are impressing Super Bowl champions and franchise heroes such as Edelman.
"He came in and he’s been productive," Edelman said about Maye. "He’s improved each and every week. There’s a big difference between a quarterback calling a players-only meeting when he’s been playing like dog crap. This kid’s been fighting his butt off. He’s got a good attitude." 
Maye has noticeably improved aspects of his game, such as his footwork, since springtime workouts. According to ESPN stats, he began Monday ranked 13th in the NFL among qualified players with a 59.3 adjusted QBR on the season. Over six starts and seven appearances, Maye has completed 66.8 percent of 190 passes for 1,236 yards with nine touchdowns and six interceptions. He's also rushed for 260 yards and a score on 28 carries. As of Monday morning, DraftKings Sportsbook listed the 3-8 Patriots as 7.5-point underdogs for this coming Sunday's game at the 4-6 Miami Dolphins. 
Zac Wassink is a longtime sports news writer and PFWA member who began his career in 2006 and has had his work featured on Yardbarker, MSN, Yahoo Sports and Bleacher Report.  He is also a football and futbol aficionado who is probably yelling about Tottenham Hotspur at the moment and who chanted for Matt Harvey to start the ninth inning of Game 5 of the 2015 World Series at Citi Field.  You can find him on X at @ZacWassink
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!