When the dust settled on the Minnesota Vikings 2024 draft, they had a shiny new quarterback prospect and an edge rusher, both taken as first-round picks. A few other players are expected to contribute, though, and the best rookie at the end of the season is not straightforward.
If the Vikings didn’t employ Sam Darnold and J.J. McCarthy wasn’t expected to sit for the majority (if not all) of his first season, then this would be pretty straightforward. Even if McCarthy were to struggle, there is little reason to suggest that a new quarterback wouldn’t have an inside track to being the most impactful rookie.
With Darnold expected to hold down the signal caller position for quite some time, the focus then turns to Dallas Turner. He could be a starting edge rusher from day one and was tabbed as the top defensive player in the draft. Turner becomes a focal point when it comes to replacing the production lost by an edge group that has turned over the entire position.
Jonathan Greenard is penciled in as a logical starter, but Andrew Van Ginkel’s injury has the opposite side still up in the air. If Turner is given the chance to start in Week 1, he could show talent that never relinquishes the role, and that would immediately make him Minnesota’s rookie of the year.
Khyree Jackson will never take the field, and after a tragic accident took him too soon, we were robbed of what could have been. The former Oregon Ducks defender looked like a possibility to start at cornerback, and his athleticism was an ideal fit for the level. This would have been an incredible story to see play out.
While Walter Rouse presents good depth and may turn into something down the line, Minnesota is hoping he doesn’t see the field. Christian Darrisaw and Brian O’Neill are some of the best bookends in football. Rouse’s presence on the field would mean that the Vikings are missing one of their best players on the offensive line.
If it isn’t Turner, the other potential answer is kicker Will Reichard. Selected with a sixth-round pick, Minnesota is invested in the Alabama kicker. He will take over for Greg Joseph, and the hope is that he can be redeemed for the Daniel Carlson mistake. Reichard was a highly decorated talent for the Crimson Tide, and the Vikings have needed stability at the kicker position for years.
There is a possibility Michael Jurgens, Levi Drake Rodriguez, or an undrafted player like Dwight McGlothern make noise. Those would all be longshots, and better bets to be Mr. Mankato candidates, but Ivan Pace Jr. came out of nowhere last season.
Either Turner or Reichard has to be the clubhouse leader, and that should please Bama fans. 
Ted Schwerzler is a blogger from the Twin Cities that is focused on all things Minnesota Twins and Minnesota Vikings. He’s active on Twitter and writes weekly for Twins Daily. As a former college athlete and avid sports fan, covering our pro teams with a passion has always seemed like such a natural outlet.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.