It's unclear whether the Vikings and quarterback Kirk Cousins have made any progress on a new deal. If it doesn't happen, Minnesota must draft an offensive signal-caller.
In his latest mock draft, Josh Edwards of CBS Sports had the Vikings trading the 11th overall pick to the New England Patriots to move up to the third slot and take North Carolina QB Drake Maye.
"Minnesota has perused the rookie quarterback market over the past few years and has not been in a position to pounce," wrote Edwards. "I tend to think New England will draft a quarterback, but the possibility that it is not in love with the quarterback prospects available has to be considered. In this instance, the Patriots give the Vikings the heir apparent to Kirk Cousins."
Cousins will become a free agent in March. ESPN NFL insider Adam Schefter noted Minnesota can't use the franchise tag on him. Some wonder why the Vikings haven't been more proactive.
"The Vikings are playing a dangerous game of chicken here if they want him," Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio said Friday on his podcast. "Maybe they don't, and they're looking for a way to ease out of it."
Cousins — who underwent Achilles surgery in November — turns 36 before the beginning of next season. Spotrac estimates his market value is a three-year deal worth $39.3M annually, a lot for a QB who has one playoff win in six seasons with the Vikings.
Letting the four-time Pro Bowler walk in free agency carries risk, but the franchise would feel better about it if it lands a QB like Maye.ESPN draft expert Mel Kiper Jr. recently rated him as his third-best QB behind LSU's Jayden Daniels and Southern Cal's Caleb Williams. In three seasons with the Tar Heels, he threw 63 TDs. The 21-year-old clearly has the tools to succeed in head coach Kevin O'Connell's system.
Dalton is a 2022 journalism graduate of the University of Texas at Austin. He gained experience in sports media over the past seven years — from live broadcasting and creating short films to podcasting and producing. In college, he wrote for The Daily Texan. He loves sports and enjoys hiking, kayaking and camping.
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!