The New York Giants are off to an eventful offseason, and it will only get more interesting as the 2024 NFL Draft approaches.
New York saw two franchise cornerstones -- RB Saquon Barkley and safety Xavier McKinney -- depart in free agency but added another with the trade for two-time Pro Bowl edge-rusher Brian Burns. At this point, the Giants are a better team than at the start of the offseason. However, GM Joe Schoen still has a long way to go before his team is set up for long-term success. 
With that in mind, here are three more moves New York should make this offseason. 
Re-sign LB Isaiah Simmons
Although the Giants are changing their scheme after hiring Shane Bowen to replace Don "Wink" Martindale as their defensive coordinator, Simmons flashed enough potential in 2023 to justify being re-signed.
Despite playing just 33% of the team's defensive snaps, Simmons was well worth the seventh-round pick New York traded to acquire him last August. The former first-rounder finished with 50 tackles, three pass breakups, one sack, a forced fumble and an interception in 17 games for the Giants, including four starts.
While he isn't particularly effective at rushing the passer -- something the Giants want to do more of in 2024 -- Simmons earned the seventh-highest coverage grade among linebackers in 2023, according to Pro Football Focus (82.7). Considering the versatile defender will likely sign a cheap one-year deal in free agency, the Giants should strongly consider re-signing Simmons for a situational role similar to last season. 
Add depth to the secondary
As per NorthJersey.com's Art Stapleton, the Giants "are likely to sign a handful of low-cost veterans to come into camp and compete for spots in order to broaden out their roster." New York has already taken steps in this direction, with DB Jalen Mills being perhaps the most notable signing, as he could be the front-runner to replace McKinney.
Even so, Mills has an extensive injury history and was only PFF's 75th-highest-rated safety among 95 qualified players, which suggests the Giants would be wise to continue acquiring talent at the position. New York could take several different avenues to address this need, though Micah Hyde could be a viable target if it intends to add a safety via free agency.
Since Schoen and HC Brian Daboll were hired in 2022, the Giants have brought in several ex-Buffalo Bills, the most recent being RB Devin Singletary and WR Isaiah McKenzie. Hyde, Daboll's former neighbor, has only played in 16 games over the last two seasons due to injury, but he'd provide a valuable veteran presence on a young Giants defense. 
Draft a quarterback in the first round of the 2024 NFL Draft 
Whether they trade up for UNC's Drake Maye or land Michigan's J.J. McCarthy with their No. 6 overall pick, the Giants must leave next month's first round with a quarterback. It's becoming increasingly apparent that Daniel Jones is not the Giants' long-term answer at the position, even if he's slated to carry a $47.1M cap hit in 2024.
Since New York can cut ties with Jones after this season, Schoen shouldn't squander what he should hope will be his final opportunity to pick in the top 10 and secure his franchise signal-caller.
Jones' injury guarantee for 2025 adds to the long list of reasons why this offseason is the right time to draft his successor. The 26-year-old has suffered two season-ending injuries over his first five years in the NFL, and should he sustain another in 2024, New York would be on the hook for an additional $23M in 2025. If Jones struggles once he returns from his ACL injury, it could be best for the Giants to bench him just as Denver did with Russell Wilson in 2023. 
Colum is a Texas transplant, born and raised in New Jersey.  In addition to being a West Virginia University alumnus, he is a long-suffering New York Giants, Knicks and Mets fan.  He joined Yardbarker in November 2022 and has primarily covered the NFL since
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!