Hundreds of tractors lined the country roads for the Romsey Young Farmers Run on Sunday.


  Farmers from across the county came together for the fifth year running to raise money for the Hampshire and Isle of Wight Air Ambulance Service.


  The farmers run also saw them promote the theme – ‘save British farming’ – following the government’s announcement in the latest budget that farmers could be subjected to inheritance tax at 20 per cent, from April 2026.


  Alex Drake, who helped organised the event, said: “We had between 180 and 200 tractors with us for today’s event, it’s been a great day.


  “Thousands of people lined the roads for us and the feedback was really positive.


  “I’ve seen both children and their parents jumping up and down as we’ve driven by.”


READ MORE: Power cut after Toby Carvery Bishopstoke fire


  Though the final count is still to be determined, the event saw approximately £10,000 raised for the air ambulance service, with money being collected at various stop points.


  Alex added: “Farmers are the backbone of the country and it’s been great to see so many people involved today.


  “If the government proceeds with their family farm tax it could stop events like this from happening in the future.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.