Courtney McGinley is a Newsweek Fellow, Live News based in Pittsburgh, PA. Courtney joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Penn State University. You can get in touch with Courtney by emailing c.mcginley@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
The man accused of murdering a woman while she was exercising on the Mill Creek Greenway in Nashville is set to appear for a preliminary hearing on Friday.
Paul S. Park, 29, allegedly attacked and abducted Alyssa Lokits, 34, as she exercised on the Mill Creek Greenway trail on Oct. 14. Park reportedly dragged her to an overgrown area, attempted to sexually assault her, and then fatally shot her.
The Criminal Court Clerk told Newsweek Park faces a criminal homicide charge, a felony offense, and is scheduled to appear before Judge Robin Kimbrough-Hayes on November 1.
Criminal homicide covers unlawful killings, including murder and manslaughter. It generally implies the act was intentional or resulted from extreme negligence, distinguishing it from lawful acts of self-defense.
Newsweek reached out to his attorney, however, they have not yet responded.
Investigators report Lokits was walking in the area when Park allegedly "stepped out from between two parked vehicles and began following her at a brisk pace," according to the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department.
A witness reported hearing Lokits scream, "Help! He's trying to rape me!" moments before gunfire erupted. They allegedly spotted Park in the "overgrown area" where Lokits' body would later be found.
Key evidence emerged from a local resident's dashcam footage. The video clearly captured Park, including a partial tag from his vehicle. It also showed him following Lokits before the assault and later returning to his gray BMW sedan with scratches on his arms and blood on his clothing.
Homicide Detective Shannon Forsyth recognized Park in the dashcam photo as the identical twin brother from a suicide case she worked on in December 2021, marking another significant break in the investigation.
"I hope this gives Nashville some peace of mind and some comfort that this person can't harm anyone else," Drake said. "This is why I do it, dedicated to helping people and trying to bring closure to those who have been harmed and let people know we really care."
Newsweek reached out to the police department, which confirmed authorities charged Park with criminal homicide. However, officials could not provide additional details due to the ongoing investigation.
As the investigation continues, Jackie Jones, Superintendent of the Metro Board of Parks and Recreation, told Newsweek the department is increasing security measures at Mill Creek Greenway.
"Additional attention will be given to mounted and bike and/or UTV patrols over specified stretches of greenway and other areas like parking lots and trailheads," Jones said. "We have plans for a Parks Police Unit devoted to greenways and are working to fill positions for the unit. Additionally, we are exploring costs to install lighting and cameras at the Mill Creek Greenway parking area."
Jones advised trail users to stay aware of their surroundings, use the buddy system, especially in remote areas or during early or late hours, and limit distractions like phones or headphones.
"Trust your instincts—if something feels off, leave the area and report it," she said, also recommending location apps like what3words in case of emergencies.
Jones said they will continue collaborating with MNPD on the Lokits murder investigation and other safety concerns in parks and greenways. She added they are deeply saddened by this tragic loss.
"This senseless act of violence is devastating, taking a talented young woman in the prime of her life from her loved ones and our community while she was simply out for a walk," Jones told Newsweek. "No one should have to live in fear of such horrific actions. We join the entire city in mourning her loss and are dedicated to ensuring the safety of our residents and visitors as they enjoy our parks, greenways, and other community spaces."
Lokits graduated from the University of Kansas with an undergraduate degree in Speech Pathology and earned her doctoral degree in neuroscience from Vanderbilt University.
An avid traveler, she was fluent in several languages and loved taking on new challenges, from home renovation to art and any topic she set her mind to.
"Volumes could not adequately describe the woman she was. She deeply loved her family and friends. Always poised, graceful, and beautiful, she was everyone's champion," her obituary read. "Alyssa never missed an opportunity to celebrate someone else's accomplishments. She was a light and inspiration. We are all less without her, and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her."
An Instagram account called "runforAlyssa" has been created in Lokit's honor, promoting safety, strength and advocacy for women.
Last Monday, a walk/run was held in memory of Lokits. The account creator said, "Every woman who has ever laced up her shoes knows that unsettling feeling—whether it's a lingering glance or worse. Enough is enough. We must fight for a world where we can run free."
"Alyssa should not be remembered by her last moments; although this act of violence should not be ignored or forgotten."
Newsweek reached out to the creators, however, they have not yet responded.
On November 4 at 5 p.m., they will run again in honor of Lokits at Mill Creek Greenway, inviting everyone to join from wherever they are and post photos and tag social media with #runforAlyssa as part of this global movement.
Do you have a story Newsweek should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Courtney McGinley is a Newsweek Fellow, Live News based in Pittsburgh, PA. Courtney joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Penn State University. You can get in touch with Courtney by emailing c.mcginley@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Courtney McGinley is a Newsweek Fellow, Live News based in Pittsburgh, PA. Courtney joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Penn State University. You can get in touch with Courtney by emailing c.mcginley@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Courtney McGinley is a Newsweek Fellow, Live News based in Pittsburgh, PA. Courtney joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC