Katt Williams addressed Nicki Minaj's tour invite during his South Carolina show over the weekend.
"Nicki Minaj said she wanted me on her tour and she told so many people a million people hit my phone at the same time," he told the crowd. "It scared me and Jesus. He shut all of AT&T down so my phone could cool off on the charger."
Williams was referencing the nationwide AT&T outage last week that affected their cell phone plan users.
Last month, Nicki hopped on Instagram Live and asked her followers to get in touch with Williams' team so that he can open on tour for her. The Pink Friday 2 creator kicked off her tour over the weekend.
After the release of Pink Friday 2 on her birthday (Dec. 8) shortly after she released the dates to her world tour. The project features guest appearances from Drake, J. Cole, Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Wayne, and Future. The 22-track album also contains previously released songs "Super Freaky Girl," "Red Ruby Da Sleeze" and "Last Time I Saw You." It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 making her the female rapper with the most No. 1 albums on the chart with three.
Take a look at the dates below:
"Pink Friday 2" Tour:
Fri Mar 01 – Oakland, CA – Oakland Arena
Sun Mar 03 – Denver, CO – Ball Arena
Fri Mar 08 – Las Vegas, NV – T-Mobile Arena
Sun Mar 10 – Seattle, WA – Climate Pledge Arena
Wed Mar 13 – Phoenix, AZ – Footprint Center
Fri Mar 15 – Inglewood, CA – Rolling Loud California*
Mon Mar 18 – New Orleans, LA – Smoothie King Center
Wed Mar 20 – Atlanta, GA – State Farm Arena
Fri Mar 22 – Orlando, FL – Amway Center
Tue Mar 26 – Charlotte, NC – Spectrum Center
Thu Mar 28 – Newark, NJ – Prudential Center
Fri Mar 29 – Philadelphia, PA – Wells Fargo Center
Sat Mar 30 – New York, NY – Madison Square Garden
Mon Apr 01 – Washington, DC – Capital One Arena
Tue Apr 02 – Baltimore, MD – CFG Bank Arena
Thu Apr 04 – Brooklyn, NY – Barclays Center
Fri Apr 05 – Hartford, CT – XL Center
Sun Apr 07 – Raleigh, NC – Dreamville Festival*
Wed Apr 10 – Boston, MA – TD Garden
Fri Apr 12 – Columbus, OH – Schottenstein Center
Sat Apr 13 – Milwaukee, WI – Fiserv Forum
Wed Apr 17 – Montreal, QC – Bell Centre
Thu Apr 18 – Toronto, ON – Scotiabank Arena
Sat Apr 20 – Detroit, MI – Little Caesars Arena
Wed Apr 24 – Chicago, IL – United Center
Sat Apr 27 – Minneapolis, MN – Target Center
Thu May 02 – Oklahoma City, OK – Paycom Center
Thu May 09 – Houston, TX – Toyota Center
Sat May 11 – Dallas, TX – American Airlines Center
Sun May 12 – Austin, TX – Moody Center
European Leg Of Tour
Sat May 25 – Manchester, UK – Co-Op Live
Sun May 26 – Birmingham, UK – Resorts World Arena
Tue May 28 – London, UK – The O2
Sat Jun 01 – Paris, France – Accor Arena
Sun Jun 02 – Amsterdam, Netherlands – Ziggo Dome
Wed Jun 05 – Cologne, Germany – Lanxess Arena
Fri Jun 07 – Berlin, Germany – Mercedes Benz Arena
*Festival Performance
Published: 11/10/23
UpdatedL 12/20/23
Nicki Minaj has been in the studio a lot this year. The rapper has collaborated with Ice Spice, Kim Petras, Young Thug, Lil Uzi Vert, and more. In 2023, Nicki has hopped on some of her fans' favorite artists' songs, as well as uplifting emerging women rappers in the industry. While she has been working hard to deliver some great collaborations this year, she has not forgotten about her own highly-anticipated fifth studio album, Pink Friday 2.
Pink Friday 2 was released on Dec. 8 after being delayed twice. The first time she announced a delay was back in June. Instead of the project being released on Oct. 20, Nicki changed it to November.
"I’ve been trying to find the right time to tell you this for a few days," Nicki wrote an Instagram post. "Due to some really exciting news that I’ll share with you guys @ a later time, I’ve shifted the album date just a tad bit. Trust me, it’ll be WELL WORTH THE WAIT…but since I AM shifting the date just a tad, I’d like to give you guys a tiny SIP of some more album tea so that I don’t have to get cussed out [sad emoji] so…here it goes: [pink bow emoji] MY NEW ALBUM WILL BE RELEASED ON 11.17.23."
After Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz announced that they would release their joint album Welcome 2 Collegrove on November 17, she decided to change the date again. Nicki and Wayne have a tight friendship, as he was the one who signed her to Young Money Entertainment in 2009.
"Weezy and 2 Chainz, they announced their date. And you know how me and Weezy play. He would never," Nicki said.
"I have never in my life been so in love with something that I’m working on," Nicki said in an Instagram Live video addressing the date change. 
Pink Friday 2 went No. 1 on the Billboard 200. 
Take a look at Nicki Minaj's best collaborations of 2023 ranked below:
Nicki Minaj assisted Young Thug on "Money" alongside vocals from the late Juice WRLD. The track is found on Thugger's LP Business is Business. It was released in June. On Nicki's verse, she raps about her raunchy sexcapades and getting money (which is not a surprise given the title). This was the first time that all three rappers had been on the same record.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "I got wild chicas who do whatever I say so (Say so)/
'Bout that dinero, so, if you want me you gotta peso"
A Kim Petras and Nicki Minaj collab was not on our 2023 bingo card. But they both pulled their weight on "Alone." The song samples Alice Deejay's 1999 hit "Better Off Alone." Nicki is not a stranger to hopping on a pop beat, and it was shown by how easily she slid on this record."Alone" is the third single to Petras' debut album, Feed the Beast. The song debuted at No. 55 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "I-I-It's Barbie and it's Kim Petras (Oh)/Main character syndrome, they extras (Okay)"
YoungBoy Never Broke Again's "WTF" is the lead single to his album Don't Try This At Home. He enlisted Nicki to end his song and she suited up with her ballerina shoes alongside other dancers in the music video. In Nicki's verse, the rapper reminds her haters that she's not one to mess with. This was the first time the two had collaborated.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "Keep sleepin' on the team, we gon' pause your dreams"
Sexxy Red's breakout hit "Pound Town" got Nicki Minaj's assistance for the remix. The song was already a hit on social media, specifically TikTok, and even earned Sexxy the inaugural top charter for Billboard's TikTok 50. Nicki came in and mirrored Sexxy's raunchy lyrics for her verse as well.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "I'ma flip like a hundred bricks, get back all my licks"
Lil Uzi Vert enlisted Nicki Minaj for "Endless Fashion." The track arrives on their album, The Pink Tape. The record samples Eiffel 65’s "I’m Blue"; both rappers go back and forth mimicking the flow of the original creator. Nicki shows how well she can ride on someone else's flow but still keep her verses her own.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "I got a Republican doctor (Ah)/Made my a-- great again, MAGA"
When Nicki Minaj and Lil Uzi Vert left the studio, they must have known that they had a hit on their hands. The track samples "Everybody"  is the highest charting song on Pink Friday 2. The song debuted at No. 26 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Nicki Minaj hopped on Ice Spice's "Princess Diana" for their first-ever collaboration. Nicki matched Ice Spice's playful mood in the lyrics and visuals as the women boasted about their popularity in the streets. In the music video, the New York natives are twerking together in a pink dream house, which, in retrospect, foreshadowed their "Barbie World" collaboration.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "Nowadays, I be makin' 'em famous (Grrah)/She the princess, so fuck who you lames is (Grrah)"
Ice Spice and Nicki are in their own pink wonderland. The rappers linked up for the Barbie soundtrack with their song "Barbie World." The record served as the lead single off of the film's soundtrack. The rappers' energy together was so infectious it was an instant replay on our summer playlists. The song has been nominated for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 2024 GRAMMYS.
Nicki Minaj's best line: "Yellin' out, we ain't sellin' out/We got money, but we ain't lendin' out"
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!