Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Everything To Know About CT Sun Before WNBA Preseason Opener
Joe Mazzulla Updates Celtics Starter's Status Against Knicks
MLB Execs Heap Massive Praise On 'Impressive' Red Sox Rookie
How Fleet Can Clinch Playoff Spot In PWHL Season Finale
The belief around the NFL is the first three picks of the 2024 NFL Draft will be quarterbacks, but the question for the New England Patriots is which one will they end up with.
Caleb Williams is believed to go No. 1 to the Chicago Bears, but after that, there doesn't seem to be a consensus on who will go second between Drake Maye and Jayden Daniels. There will be multiple teams trying to trade up to No. 2 or No. 3, but if the Commanders don't trade down, who do they pick?
The Athletic's Jeff Howe gathered information from coaches and executives on their view of the top quarterback prospects, and one executive noted how Maye can "throw the (expletive) out of the ball," which is why he could be the second QB taken after Williams.
"There's belief by rival team executives the Washington Commanders are high on Maye and that he should remain the favorite as the second pick," Howe wrote Saturday.
Story continues below advertisement
New England's done its homework on Maye and Daniels, and it had reportedly specific questions for the pair for its interviews. Daniels described his interview with Jerod Mayo and the coaching staff as "dope," and Maye also had a positive takeaway from his interview.
There's a segment of Patriots fans who've attached Daniels to them, especially given Bill Belichick reportedly had the Heisman Trophy winner at the top of his prospect list. And if Maye goes No. 2, Howe wrote Daniels would be the "favorite" to land with the Patriots at No. 3.
That scenario would follow New England's reported three-step plan at QB where it would draft a signal-caller, sign a veteran who could start if the rookie isn't ready and trade Mac Jones or at least try to.
Director of scouting Eliot Wolf is keeping the Patriots' options open, but for those who want Daniels to be the team's QB of the future, things seem to be trending in the right direction as the NFL Scouting Combine nears its end.
Story continues below advertisement
Editorial Content Writer II
Editorial Content Writer II for NESN.com. UMass Lowell graduate. Might know the answer to some obscure historical fact or anecdote.
Featured image via SCOTT CLAUSE/USA TODAY Network via USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network