AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Cardi B tops Vybz Kartel’s wishlist for American collaborations. Learn more about the Jamaican dancehall artist’s admiration for the Bronx rapper

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Cardi B’s next collab just might be locked and loaded, thanks to Gucci Mane’s wife Keyshia Ka’Oir.
Jamaican dancehall icon Vybz Kartel wasn’t shy about staking his claim for who he wants to work with during his recent exclusive interview with Ka’Oir. And of the stars he’s got his sights set on, it appears the rapper highest on his list is none other than Cardi B. While speaking the wife of the Atlanta rap legend Gucci Mane, Kartel made it clear that Cardi is his number one of when it comes to his short wish list for American collaborations.
“Definitely Drake and definitely Cardi B,” he stated, emphasizing his interest in linking up with the Bronx rapper. Ka’Oir playfully confirmed Cardi’s admiration for Kartel, saying, “Mrs. Cardi, she love you. I know.”
Kartel responded with his signature style, “Yeah mon. Cardi. I’m a G mon. Yeah mon. Big up Cardi mon. One Bacardi, ya know?” Kartel’s excitement was palpable as he shouted out Cardi’s fanbase, declaring, “Bardi gang mon out mon. It’s in the one Bronx.”
Cardi B wasted no time responding to the shoutout, taking to Instagram Live to share her enthusiasm with, “I heard Vybz Kartel want to do a song with me. You need to cook up the best muthaf##king song for us. You got to cook it up, that m############ song.”
For fans speculating how serious both of the artists may be when it comes to making the record happen, Cardi appeared to hint that she’s ready to put in work, saying, “I got to do so much,” signaling her team to help lock-in with her and commit to making this collaboration happen.
Kartel’s interest in collaborating with major American artists comes just as he’s adjusting to life outside of prison. Jamaican dancehall star Vybz Kartel and his co-accused were released from prison on Wednesday (July 31) after serving 13 years behind bars. According to the Jamaica Observer, the Court of Appeal ruled against retrying the men for the murder of Clive “Lizard” Williams, resulting in their release.
The court stated, “We conclude that the interest of justice does not require a new trial to be ordered.” It added there was sufficient evidence to suggest Kartel wouldn’t be able to complete a potentially longer sentence if there were to be a retrial, citing the “psychological and financial effects that it would have on the appellants.” 
Kartel’s defense also made note of the severe lockdown conditions he’s been in since 2011, describing his holding as a brick cell with no air circulation, no water and a bucket for a toilet.
Watch the full interview below.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity