New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye (10) is sacked by Los Angeles Chargers safety Derwin James Jr. during the second half of an NFL football game, Saturday, Dec. 28, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty)AP
The New England Patriots were blown out by the Los Angeles Chargers 40-7 in the penultimate game of their 2024 season on Saturday at Gillette Stadium.
The Patriots fell to 3-13 with the loss.
MassLive had full coverage from Foxborough, which you can relive as it happened below. 
FINAL: Chargers 40, Patriots 7
This was about as ugly as it gets https://t.co/qzBrpUJHY7
FINAL: Chargers 40, Patriots 7Embarrassinghttps://t.co/UysktgAMOD
Turns out, an abysmal afternoon in Arizona wasn’t rock bottom for the 2024 Patriots. Here are 6 takeaways from New England's 6th straight loss: https://t.co/t6NFKNskx7
Fourth Quarter updates
Since 2000, the Patriots have allowed 40 points (or more) eight times. Twice this season. This marks the first time the Patriots have allowed 40 points twice in a season since 2005
Jacoby Brissett is in at QB
Scoring update - Chargers 40, Patriots 7
Dicker hits another field goal. Fans are chanting, "Fire Mayo" once again.Chargers 40, Patriots 7
Patriots turn the ball over on downs for the third time this half
Drake Maye goes 0-2 throwing to Baker and Polk to start this drive.
Javon Baker, Ja'Lynn Polk and Caedan Wallace are all out there for this drive.
With 6:17 left, Javon Baker and Ja'Lynn Polk are in the game
The Patriots defense is struggling to stop Taylor Heinicke
With 10:54 to play and 37 points on the board, Justin Herbert's day is done.
"Fire Mayo!" chants from the fans still at Gillette.
Patriots had a 19-yard gain by DeMario Douglas wiped out due to penalty. Now, they'll punt.Fans chanting, "Fire Mayo!"
Caedan Wallace is in at right tackle
Chargers drives: - Punt (!!)- Touchdown- Field goal- Touchdown- Field goal- Touchdown- Field goal- Touchdown
Score update - Chargers 37, Patriots 7
J.K. Dobbins scores.Chargers 37, Patriots 7- IMO if you're going to fire one coordinator, you need to fire both.
This can't be a "one coordinator is the scapegoat" sort of offseason
We enter the fourth quarter with the Patriots getting blown out. This is the type of performance that gets people fired.
Third Quarter updates
Not sure what the record for most horse-collar tackles in a season is, but I'm pretty sure Keion White owns it.
For the second-straight series, Drake Maye is sacked on fourth down.The Patriots need to fix this offensive line. No. 1 priority and it's not close.
For the second-straight series, Drake Maye is sacked on fourth down.The Patriots need to fix this offensive line. No. 1 priority and it's not close.
Score update - Chargers 30, Patriots 7
Dicker hits the 41-yard field goalChargers 30, Patriots 7
The Krafts should give every fan still at Gillette a voucher for a ticket when the team is actually competitive again. This is embarrassing.
3rd-1: Outside zone run for a loss of 1 yards4th-2: Drake Maye sack. He had no chance
Ja'Lynn Polk and Javon Baker have yet to play an offensive snap this afternoon. https://t.co/WV5VEZsClQ
Justin Herbert: 25/33, 274 yards, 3 TDs, 3 packs of darts smoked while loitering in the pocket. https://t.co/4NA96JXyAR
Score update - Chargers 27, Patriots 7
Justin Herbert hits Ladd McConkey for a 40-yard touchdown.McConkey has more yards this game than all Patriots rookie pass catchers have combined this season
Nice play by Keion White
Patriots come out of halftime, get called for a hold, can't dig themselves out of it and punt.The Chargers take the punt and return it for a touchdown. However, it's called back for a hold.
lol Schooler just finger-wagged the Chargers sideline after drawing that flag.
HALFTIME: Chargers 20, Patriots 7
Drake Maye got a flag for a hit to the head. But it wasn't the hit that sent him to the locker room. https://t.co/ZzKLXxgE9E
HALFTIME: Chargers 20, Patriots 7- Patriots look undisciplined. The defense is playing poorly. The offense has too other than a heads up TD throw by Drake Maye.- Do Patriots coordinators want to keep their jobs? Not a great game for either.
Second Quarter updates
Score update - Chargers 20, Patriots 7
Patriots players are angry and believer Dicker missed that field goalOfficials disagreeChargers 20, Patriots 7
Veteran play from Yannick Ngakoue, eh?
Ngakoue with one of the dumbest penalties I've seen in some time
Chargers convert on fourth down by getting a tight end matched up with a Patriots linebacker in coverage. We see this every game.
Score update - Chargers 17, Patriots 7
That's just an absurd 36-yard touchdown throw from Drake Maye to DeMario Douglas
I've been thinking about this a lot.Players I think that have improved: Hunter Henry, Austin Hooper, DeMario Douglas, Layden Robinson, Michael Onwenu, Antonio Gibson, Drake Maye, Christian Gonzalez, Jonathan Jones, Marcus Jones, Kayshon Boutte https://t.co/Y1NDHp0DPW
Patriots downgrade Christian Gonzalez to out with a concussion
Scoring update - Chargers 17 Patriots 0
Time of possession: Chargers 21:58, Patriots 5:07.Outrageous.
Ladd McConkey says hello.That's a 6-yard touchdown pass. This isn't competitive.
Ugly football for the Patriots today
The Patriots got one player back from an apparent head injury, then lost another. https://t.co/HwodMs2aUJ
That's a failed pitch play, recovered by the Chargers for a Patriots turnover
"The ruling on the field is a backwards pass recovered by the defense."Where have I heard that one before?
Patriots gain 24 yards on first down. Proceed to lose 14 yards on the next two plays.
Thank you for sliding...
lolllll and he takes off on his first play back. Not exactly gun-shy, is he? https://t.co/ejaAcAOkOg
Drake Maye is back out there.Loudest cheer of the day from the diehards at Gillette.
Patriots say it's a head injury for Christian Gonzalez.FWIW, he tried to enter the blue medical tent on the wrong side, which I haven't seen before.
Christian Gonzalez is questionable to return with a head injury
Score Update - Chargers 10, Patriots 0 
Cameron Dicker hits the 27-yard field goalChargers 10, Patriots 0
It appears the Patriots dodged an injury scare with Drake Maye, as Jerod Mayo told the CBS broadcast he's cleared to return. https://t.co/QXOS04F0uS
The Patriots defense does not look good
Christian Gonzalez to the blue medical tent.
Christian Gonzalez is now down
First downs:Chargers 10, Patriots 0.
First Quarter updates
Drake Maye is back on the sideline pic.twitter.com/tNRUf4iDje
Drake Maye is back on the Patriots bench, iPad in hand.
In non-Drake Maye news, this was weird.https://t.co/k4WGtzajHN
Fans are booing here as the Patriots go three-and-out after gaining 2 yards
Score Update - Chargers 7, Patriots 0
Drake Maye leaves for the locker room with a head injury. Moments later, Justin Herbert hits Derius Davis for a 23-yard touchdown after converting on fourth down to keep the drive alive.Chargers 7, Patriots 0
Drake Maye suffered a head injury in the Patriots first series https://t.co/VWySopirR2
Drake Maye to the locker room.
From the take-it-back department, Jerod Mayo indicated before the game on 98.5 that Antonio Gibson would start over Rhamondre Stevenson. On the Patriots first series, Stevenson, who has been battling fumbling issues, started.
Drake Maye to the blue medical tent.
lol Stevenson is in the huddle right now. https://t.co/cDrLN35gPT
The Patriots defense gives up one first down but not another. Looked like that third down pass bounced off the hands of Ladd McConkey.
Pregame updates
Patriots coach Jerod Mayo reacts to recent remarks made by Keion White questioning his future with the team. https://t.co/R3JbQNMr6U
The Chargers call tails. It's heads. The Patriots defer.
Nice moment here as we had a moment of silence for Jim Donaldson and Greg Gumbel in the press box
"What he said was not what he meant."That's a cop-out. White was given an opportunity to clarify his comments and he said what he said. https://t.co/bC6TDE8H0Q
Jerod Mayo, on @985TheSportsHub, says that Antonio Gibson will start today over Rhamondre Stevenson
Patriots O-Line in warmupsLT: Vederian LoweLG: Layden RobinsonC: Cole StrangeRG: Michael OnwenuRT: Demontrey Jacobs- Looks like Cole Strange will start at center for the first time in his NFL career
Inactive analysis: Sidy Sow is a healthy scratch, the Patriots will debut a new center, and more: https://t.co/ZwhChTzd6n
One of the strangest Patriots stories this season is Sidy Sow. He spent the entire offseason as their starting left guard. He suffered an ankle injury in the preseason finale and never joined the starting lineup again.Sow and David Andrews were the only two constant starters in…
Patriots inactivesSidy Sow (healthy scratch)Jabrill Peppers (hamstring)Terrell JenningsTyrese Robinson (healthy scratch)Ben Brown (concussion)Joe Milton (3rd QB)
Patriots WRs currently warming up:DeMario DouglasKendrick BourneKayshon BoutteAlex Erickson
Drake Maye pic.twitter.com/kKvn4wQKZi
The Patriots got some good news and some bad news when the Hall of Fame released its list of 15 finalists for the class of 2025. https://t.co/vEOaaFnFUm
Warming up with Deron Mayo: Cole Strange, Caedan Wallace, Kendrick Bourne, Layden Robinson, Vederian Lowe, Pop Douglas, Alex Erickson, Joe Cardona, Brenden Schooler, Austin Hooper, Lecitus Smith, Kyle Dugger, Christian Gonzalez, Jahlani Tavai, Christian Elliss, Hunter Henry
Welcome to Gillette Stadium where it’s raining/misting sideways pic.twitter.com/hmsVa3M1bu
40 and rain: Easily the worst weather to play football in. pic.twitter.com/OgqtJPhuXG
Is wild to me that this continues to be the national narrative when the defense is doing less with more https://t.co/oapzkLUea7
Adam Vinatieri is a HOF finalist https://t.co/rlYeIBZC7V
What to know before the game
5 things to watch when Patriots play Los Angeles Chargers — Mark Daniels highlights five things fans should watch during Saturday’s game including New England’s play in the red zone.
Second-year Patriots defensive star questions future with the team — Karen Guregian spoke with Keion White who’s been unhappy with his play of late.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices