New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye (10) passes the ball during an NFL football training camp, Tuesday, July 30, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)AP
FOXBOROUGH – Jerod Mayo knows what it’s like to struggle as a rookie.
During his first year in the NFL, where he was the best defensive rookie in the league, Mayo still remembers getting benched late in the season. It was a wake-up call for the first-round pick.
That memory is one reason (out of many) that the Patriots head coach won’t jump to conclusions when he sees Drake Maye struggle in this training camp.
“I know what it’s like to be a rookie, and it’s not all peaches and cream,” Mayo said. “You probably remember this: San Francisco, my rookie year, I got benched on third down. I only played early downs because I just wasn’t ready, and that was like Week 10, right? It was like Week 10, Week 11. But it was a wake-up call for me to get benched.
“I was [Defensive] Rookie of the Year, and I still got benched. So, whatever we want to talk about with Drake, there will be ups and downs, and hopefully, it ends on an up.”
Maye entered Thursday coming off his two toughest practices of the offseason. The No. 3 overall pick went 8-of-15 on Tuesday, where the entire offense struggled, and before that, on Monday, finished 3-of-11 with an interception.
On Day 7 of Patriots camp, Maye bounced back. The rookie finished 7-of-10 overall and looked more accurate and efficient during Thursday’s practice.
For the offense, most of this day was in the red zone. Maye went 5-of-6 in full-team drills. That included nice throws to DeMario Douglas downfield and Mitchell Wilcox in the end zone. His one incomplete pass in 11-on-11s was a low throw to Douglas.
In 7-on-7s, Maye finished 2-of-4 with touchdowns to LaMichael Pettway and K.J. Osborn. He should’ve had a third touchdown, but after hitting JuJu Smith-Schuster, Marcus Jones smacked the ball out of the receiver’s hands.
Jacoby Brissett had a steady day with the top unit. The veteran went 8-of-13 overall. In full-team drills, Brissett went 5-of-8 with touchdowns to Rhamondre Stevenson, Antonio Gibson, and Osborn.
In 7-on-7s, Brissett went 3-of-5. He connected with Hunter Henry for back-to-back scores and finished with a touchdown to Tyquan Thornton.
Joe Milton III and Bailey Zappe split reps. Milton received one period of 7-on-7 work and looked efficient, completing 3-of-5 passes. He hit Kayshon Boutte, Ja’Lynn Polk, and Kawaan Baker for touchdowns.
Zappe received one period of 11-on-11 work. He finished 1-of-4 with a touchdown to Boutte.
Overall, it was a good day for Maye, who showed improved play after two rough practices in a row.
“I would say all the rookies are battling through things,” Mayo said. “It’s a different scheme. It’s a different state. There’s just so much change for these guys. But what you want to see as those guys go through adversity, you want to see them handle it the right way. You don’t want to see the explosions on the sideline. You don’t want to see any of that. It’s all about the next page and turning the page, and that’s what I appreciate.”
The Patriots return to training camp on Friday at 11 a.m.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices