Cloudy. Some light rain will fall throughout the day. High 61F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%..
                                
Showers this evening becoming a steady light rain overnight. Low 51F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 2:32 pm
Senior writer
AMSTERDAM — Fresh off a performance at the Grand Ole Opry, Rotterdam native David J is set to perform at WishFest in Amsterdam in October.
The pop/country singer — whose name off-stage is David Tomasek — performed at the famous Nashville venue over the weekend.
Javascript is required for you to be able to read premium content. Please enable it in your browser settings.
Reach Indiana Nash at inash@dailygazette.net or @Indijnash on X. 
TOWN OF JOHNSTOWN — HFM BOCES has partnered with Utica University to offer a fast-tracked path to becoming a certified teacher in order to add…
Senior writer

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest food and drink articles delivered to your inbox every Thursday.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
HV360 headlines to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Sign up today to receive email newsletters of local daily obituaries.
Get the Register Star and Daily Mail E-edition delivered directly to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.