A WOMAN has been jailed after magistrates deemed she posed ‘a real risk to the public’.


  Chloe Wilson, of Lord Street in Barrow, was sentenced on February 7 at South Cumbria Magistrates Court after pleading guilty to charges of drink driving, driving while disqualified and driving without third-party insurance at an earlier hearing.


  Peter Kelly prosecuting said the 28-year-old was driving a Fiat Punto on Drake Street in Barrow while disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence.


  He said the defendant was stopped by officers on patrol on January 3 where she was also found to be driving while over the legal alcohol limit and without a policy of insurance.


  The court heard the defendant was over two times the legal drink driving limit having given a lowest reading of 75 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35 microgrammes.


  Mr Kelly said the offences were aggravated as they were committed while she was subject to a previous suspended sentence order, and also while she was on bail.  


  As a result, magistrates jailed Wilson for 28 weeks and banned her from driving for 1,497 days.  


  Magistrates said she had shown a ‘flagrant disregard for court orders’ and that her offending continued ‘despite opportunities given to address issues’.


  They added that the defendant had a ‘significant record’ of previous offences of a similar nature and said that the defendant posed ‘a real risk to the public whilst she continues to offend’.


  Wilson also admitted a separate offence of theft from a shop after stealing £15.93 worth of items from Home Bargains on Dalton Road on August 30 last year.


  As punishment, magistrates ordered she pay every single penny back to the store in compensation.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.