February 21
Witness to Revolution: The Unlikely Travels of Washington’s Tent Museum of the American Revolution, 101 S. 3rd St. Through Jan. 5, 2025. 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. AmRevMuseum.org or 215-253-6731. All tickets valid for two consecutive days. Children 5 and under free.
February 21
Explore Philly’s great public art and sculpture – At 7 p.m. at Historic Gloria Dei (Old Swedes’) Church at 916 S. Swanson St. Come discover who started Philly’s revolutionary percent for art program and see samples of city public art and sculpture you may never have noticed before. 
Author Jim Murphy takes you on “A Fast, Fun Look at Philly’s Awesome Public Art & Sculpture.” Admission is $10, which includes a drink ticket for a beverage of your choice (alcoholic or non-alcoholic). Advance registration is highly recommended at www.preserveoldswedes.org/public-art
February 23 
Magical Mystery Doors –Beatles, Zeppelin, Doors Tribute: Enjoy a tribute act uniting the musical legacies of the Beatles, Led Zeppelin and the Doors. Tickets are free for Live! Rewards members and a guest. Ticket pickup begins 4 p.m. at the box office day of show, or can be purchased in advance for $20 at Philadelphia.LiveCasinoHotel.com, AXS.com or at Shop Live! in the hotel lobby.
February 24
Getting Creative with Jennifer Blaine – at 8 p.m. at Mister John’s Music, 761 S. 8th St., a new hybrid of performance, playshop and live coaching interactive workshop. $25 Early Bird – $30 at the door. For tickets and more info, visit https://www.tickettailor.com/events/jenniferblaineproductions/1133912.
February 27
Insectopia – at 4:30 at the Whitman Library, 200 Snyder Ave. Local entomologist Trisha Nichols is bringing her Insectopia program back to Whitman Library. Participants will have the opportunity to learn about (and possibly handle) six different live insect friends, including a tarantula and scorpion. No need to register. No large groups (10+ people) due to limited space.
March 2-10
Philadelphia Flower Show – The 2024 PHS Philadelphia Flower Show returns to the Pennsylvania Convention Center. Tickets are on sale at tickets.phsonline.org, with flexible ticket options starting at $29.99. Visit tickets.phsonline.org for more information.
March 8
Marlon Wayans – At 7 p.m. at Live! Casino and Hotel Philadelphia, actor, producer and comedian Marlon Wayans will bring his stand-up comedy tour to The Event Center at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia. Wayans wrote, produced and starred in the hit comedy “White Chicks” and is starring in Netflix’s “The Curse of Bridge Hollow.” Tickets start at $49.99 and are available for purchase at Philadelphia.livecasinohotel.com, AXS.com and at Shop Live! in the hotel lobby.
March 9
ExtrABBAganza: ABBA Dance Party – From 7-10 p.m. at the American Swedish Historical Museum in FDR Park, celebrate the iconic music of ABBA as DJ Robert Drake will spin the classics as everyone lets out their inner Dancing Queen. Dancing and costume contest and a Drag Queen homage to ABBA performed by Summer St. Cartier, Miss Troy, Amerie Jameson and Morgan Morgan Morgan! ’70s attire is encouraged. Tickets are $30 members, $35 non-members and include a fun Swedish-inspired and retro food buffet. A cash bar with themed cocktails will also be available throughout the evening. For more info and to register visit: https://www.americanswedish.org/events/extrabbaganza-abba-dance-party-0.
March 29
Absolute Queen – at 8 p.m. at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia, Absolute Queen, a Queen tribute band. Playing the entire “Bohemian Rhapsody” film soundtrack plus all the hits. Tickets are $20 and available for purchase at Philadelphia.LiveCasinoHotel.com, AXS.com or at Shop Live! in the hotel lobby.
April 20
TIMELESS: A Tribute to The Legacy of Peter Nero – At 3 p.m. at the Kimmel Center, a concert paying homage to the career and music of Peter Nero. The concert will be conducted by Carl Topilow with guest artist pianist George Burton, a Philadelphia native from Mt. Airy who graduated from CAPA and won a Peter Nero piano competition. They will join forces with The No Name Pops, the former musicians of The Philly Pops, to showcase Nero’s music. Tickets range in price from $51 to $121 and can be purchased at www.ensembleartsphilly.org.
April 26
Foreigners Journey – at 8 p.m. at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia, a Foreigner and Journey tribute band, featuring American Idol star Constantine Maroulis, will play at The Event Center at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia. Tickets are $20 in advance and available for purchase at Philadelphia.LiveCasinoHotel.com, AXS.com. As a special thank you to all Live! Rewards® Card members, Live! Philadelphia is offering two complimentary tickets. Tickets can be redeemed at the box office on the day of the show.
May 3-5
Fan Expo Philadelphia – returning to the Pennsylvania Convention Center with Mario Lopez, Sean Gunn, Felicia Day, Ben McKenzie, Holly Marie Combs, Adam Savage, Michelle Hurd, Sofia Boutella and Jason Lee. Celebrities, creators, exhibitors, cosplayers, authors, programming and more. Visit https://fanexpohq.com/home/events/ for ticket info.
May 11
TEDxDilworthPark – From noon to 3 p.m. at City Winery, 990 Filbert St. The event is open to the public. Tickets at www.tedxdilworthpark.com. In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. At a TEDx event, TED Talks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection. These local, self-organized events are branded TEDx, where x = independently organized TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organized. Speakers are Nicole Bailey-Williams, Maybe Burke, Lauren Cristella, Lyndsey Getty, Adaeze Iloeje-Udeogalanya, Ssanyu Lukoma, Theo Major, Tina Nacrelli, David Sylvester, Michael Twinning, Brian Tucker and Najya Williams.