The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Lil Jon has teamed up with Peloton… BET announcement… Cardi B update… The Hollywood Walk of Fame Class of 2025… and The highest-grossing tours SO FAR
Lil Jon has teamed up with Peloton for a new Artist Series that launched yesterday on the Peloton app.  His music catalog will be available in six of the live classes covering cycling, tread, row, strength and meditation.  For kickoff day, Lil Jon popped up for a few classes, including a Club Bangers Ride class with instructor Alex Toussaint and a meditation class with Dr. Chelsea Jackson Roberts. Lil Jon is REALLY into meditation. He recently released an album called Manifest Abundance, telling Billboard, “My meditation journey really led me to take on a more positive mindset, and has really helped drive awareness and access to the practice of meditation; everyone deserves to find an outlet that gives them moments of peace.”
The BET Awards will air live this Sunday night, hosted by the always fabulous Taraji P. Henson. BET announced earlier this week that Will Smith will be performing his new single, but gave no details about the song or GloRilla, Ice Spice, Latto, Ms. Lauryn Hill & YG Marley, Victoria Monét and Shaboozey, among others. Drake leads the nominations with seven, and Usher will be presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award. You can still vote on the Viewer’s Choice Award through 4:30pm Central on Sunday.
Cardi B dropped Invasion of Privacy back in 2018. Since then, she’s dropped several singles and collabs since then, but still no second album. Back in May, Cardi posted on X that even though she previously said she’d release an album this year, it ain’t happening. She said, “NO album this year I don’t care I’m relaxing this year…Dropping these features I already committed to and traveling and enjoying my summer.” However,  Cardi hopped on her Instagram Stories a few days ago and asked her followers if they’d be interested in her releasing a Spanish language album. She posted the results the following day. Almost 480K people voted and 79% said yes. Cardi captioned it, “OK AFTER MY ENGLISH ALBUM.”  But we still don’t have any idea when that one is coming.
The Hollywood Walk of Fame Class of 2025 has been announced. The musicians class includes, Prince, Green Day, Keith Urban, Depeche Mode and The B-52s. Motion Picture honorees include Jane Fonda, Nia Long, Robert Englund, Emilio Estevez and Colin Farrell. From the Land of Television, Fran Drescher, Bill Nye, Molly Shannon, Lauren Graham and South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone will get their own stars. Dates haven’t been scheduled for the ceremonies yet. Recipients have two years from the date of selection to schedule those before they expire.
We’re only six months into 2024, but Pollstar has released their list of the highest-grossing tours SO FAR. Madonna ended her highly litigious Celebration Tour back in May. Out of 65 dates, ticket sales were only counted for 34 shows. I don’t know why. With an average of 13,378 tickets sold at each venue at an average ticket price of $208.85, Madonna grossed almost $2.8M per show. And that doesn’t include merchandise sales. But for the entire 6-month Celebration Tour, Madonna sold 1.1M tickets at more than $225.4M, making this her sixth tour to gross more than $100M. Bad Bunny was close behind, grossing $174.6M from his Most Wanted Tour, followed by Luis Miguel with $169.4M, U2 with $135M from their Sphere residency, and Karol G, rounding out the top 5 with $111M. Of course, everyone’s thinking, What about Taylor?  Reportedly, Taylor Swift’s team doesn’t report her tour figures to Pollstar, even though Pollstar reported back in December that the Eras Tour was the highest-grossing tour of all time and the first to ever cross the $1B threshold.

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show