In March, NFL Network personality Rich Eisen raised plenty of eyebrows when he reported that the New York Giants were "absolutely done" with quarterback Daniel Jones and had "buyer's remorse" regarding the four-year contract that Jones signed last offseason. 
Nothing Eisen saw or heard during the first episode of the "Hard Knocks: Offseason with the New York Giants" program changed Eisen's mind about what he allegedly heard during the NFL Scouting Combine.
"I have no problem being wrong about this," Eisen said during Monday's edition of his "The Rich Eisen Show," as shared by Gabriel Trevino of NJ Advance Media for NJ.com. "This is a rumor I heard from multiple people. It’s stuff that I hear all the time. Could those folks have been wrong, thus me coming here and saying it into a mic, been irresponsible? I’m hearing this right. That said, I do want to hear later on. And I hope we will, and it’s possible that we will because the Giants let all this stuff out."
Specifically, Giants general manager Joe Schoen suggested during a conversation featured on the "Hard Knocks" episode that the club's woeful offensive line was to blame for Jones' struggles last fall before the signal-caller suffered a torn ACL in his right knee on Nov. 5. However, Eisen seemingly believes that Schoen "volunteered that Daniel Jones was an option for them this year."
It's no secret that Schoen at least looked into moving up from the sixth overall pick to the third spot in this year's draft order with North Carolina Tar Heels quarterback Drake Maye in mind. The New England Patriots held onto the third choice and spent that asset to land Maye, and the Giants later grabbed LSU Tigers wide receiver Malik Nabers at pick No. 6.
Eisen's suggestion that the Giants could "let all this stuff out" is interesting, considering the organization has some editorial control over what will air on "Hard Knocks." Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk noted on Tuesday that "there’s no guarantee...that good decisions will be made by the team when it comes to crafting the final cut of each episode."
Zac Wassink is a longtime sports news writer and PFWA member who began his career in 2006 and has had his work featured on Yardbarker, MSN, Yahoo Sports and Bleacher Report.  He is also a football and futbol aficionado who is probably yelling about Tottenham Hotspur at the moment and who chanted for Matt Harvey to start the ninth inning of Game 5 of the 2015 World Series at Citi Field.  You can find him on X at @ZacWassink
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!