The first full week of the 2024 NFL preseason is upon us. While exhibition games usually don't feature the highest level of competition, many starters or any real stakes, they are extremely important to the teams involved.
The preseason allows teams to find their game-day rhythm. It allows less-proven players to make a final impression and helps coaches determine who will get those final few roster spots. 
And while the preseason can't always give an accurate indication of how anyone will perform in the regular season, it can help teams and fans alike answer a few questions. 
Here, you'll find a look at one question every NFL team must find an answer for before the final games are played on August 25.
We'll take a division-by-division look at the biggest unknowns and how teams can go about getting answers in the coming weeks. 
How potent can the Buffalo Bills' new-look receiving corps be in 2024?
The Buffalo Bills revamped their receiving corps this offseason, parting with standouts such as Stefon Diggs and Gabe Davis before adding the likes of Curtis Samuel, Mack Hollins, Marquez Valdes-Scantling and rookie Keon Coleman. 
Coleman, who was selected with the first pick in Round 2, enters the preseason listed behind Samuel Hollins and holdover Khali Shakir on the depth chart. 
The Bills know quarterback Josh Allen can be special and won't need to see much from him in the preseason. But they will need to see their new-look receiver group perform, and perform well, over the next few weeks to truly feel confident ahead of Week 1. 
Do the Miami Dolphins have enough depth along the offensive line?
Injuries, especially along the offensive line, led to a Miami Dolphins slump late in 2023. Therefore, it's imperative they enter the 2024 season with enough depth to navigate an 18-week schedule. 
There are, unfortunately, already a few reasons for concern. Starting center Connor Williams departed in free agency, left tackle Terron Armstead has struggled to stay on the field, and left guard Isaiah Wynn opened camp on the active/physically unable to perform (PUP) list. 
The good news is that the preseason will give the Dolphins an opportunity to evaluate players such as new center Aaron Brewer, fourth-year interior lineman Liam Eichenberg and rookie second-round pick Patrick Paul.
If Miami isn't happy with the depth it has, though, it may have to consider adding another piece or two once roster cuts refill the free-agent player pool.
What's a realistic timeline for New England Patriots rookie QB Drake Maye?
The New England Patriots used the third overall pick in April's draft on former North Carolina quarterback Drake Maye. However, journeyman Jacoby Brissett opened camp as the presumptive Week 1 starter. 
"Coming out of the spring, I don't think there's any doubt: Jacoby is the starting quarterback at this point in time," head coach Jerod Mayo told reporters. 
While the Patriots are unlikely to reverse course after a few preseason games, Maye's level of poise, processing, accuracy and decision-making should help New England concoct a timeline for putting the rookie on the field. 
Deciding whether to give Maye regular-season reps at some point in 2024 or to sit him for his entire rookie campaign could impact other decisions, including whether going all-in for a proven veteran receiver is a necessity. 
Can the New York Jets' offensive line protect Aaron Rodgers this season? 
The New York Jets appear unlikely to play quarterback Aaron Rodgers during the preseason, as he continues to work his way back from last year's Achilles tear.
What the Jets need to figure out before putting him back on the game field is whether their offensive line can protect a 40-year-old signal-caller coming off of a significant injury. 
A hit ended Rodgers' 2023 campaign only four plays into Week 1, and the Jets surrendered a total of 64 sacks on the season. 
New York did take steps to address its line this offseason, signing John Simpson and Tyron Smith, trading for Morgan Moses and drafting Olumuyiwa Fashanu.
Hopefully, the new-look unit will be able to protect whomever the Jets have under center over the next three weeks. 
Is the Baltimore Ravens offensive line good enough to navigate the AFC North again?
The Baltimore Ravens claimed both the AFC North crown and the AFC No. 1 seed last season, while quarterback Lamar Jackson returned to MVP form.
However, replicating that success will prove difficult if Baltimore's offensive line cannot stand up to divisional pass-rushers such as Myles Garrett, T.J. Watt and Trey Hendrickson. 
Baltimore's line was mostly solid last season, but it lost both Morgan Moses and John Simpson in the offseason. Left tackle Ronnie Stanley has also battled injuries over the last several years and missed four games in 2023 with a knee injury. 
The Ravens may not test Stanley in the preseason, but they'll need to find depth behind him and fill open holes at both right guard and right tackle. That will require getting good looks at players like Daniel Faalele, Ben Cleveland, Josh Jones and rookie Roger Rosengarten.
Is Joe Burrow healthy enough and ready to carry the Cincinnati Bengals offense in 2024?
Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow dealt with a severe calf strain early in 2023 and was eventually lost for the season with a wrist injury.
If the Bengals are going to return to playoff contention in 2024, they need the 27-year-old to be, and stay, at 100 percent. 
Cincinnati plans to play starters, including Burrow, in Saturday's preseason opener against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. That means it will get its first look at its star quarterback since he exited against Baltimore in Week 11. 
Ideally, it'll only take a series or two for the Bengals to determine Burrow is moving and throwing as well as when he was last healthy. If so, they'll likely place him in bubble wrap until Week 1. 
Have the Cleveland Browns done enough to address quarterback concerns?
The Cleveland Browns also have questions at quarterback, as Deshaun Watson suffered a season-ending shoulder injury last year. Unlike Burrow, though, he hadn't played well for his current team when healthy. 
To better maximize Watson, the Browns replaced offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt with Ken Dorsey this offseason. 
Cleveland turned to Joe Flacco to spark last year's playoff run but added Jameis Winston and Tyler Huntley to the new backup plan this offseason. Along with second-year man Dorian Thompson-Robinson, the Browns have three quarterbacks who will vie to provide depth behind Watson in 2024. 
While Watson won't play in the preseason opener, it'll be a surprise if he doesn't see some exhibition work, as he did last year. The Browns must figure out if they have enough talent and depth at quarterback or whether they need to start designing an offense that doesn't rely heavily on the position. 
Which new quarterback will give the Pittsburgh Steelers their best chance to win? 
The Pittsburgh Steelers turned the page on their quarterback this offseason, dumping 2022 first-round pick Kenny Pickett, adding Russell Wilson and trading for Justin Fields. 
Now, they must decide whether Wilson or Fields gives them the best chance of finding offensive improvement in 2024. While the former is expected to be the starter, he's been sidelined by a calf injury, which has opened the door for the latter. 
"Very much is a competition," head coach Mike Tomlin said. 
Wilson won't play in the preseason opener because of the calf injury, but Pittsburgh will need to see something from both quarterbacks to confidently decide on a Week 1 starter. 
How good can the Houston Texans secondary be this season?
The Houston Texans were the surprise team of the NFL in 2023, thanks to the stellar play of C.J. Stroud, a flourishing offense, a strong defensive front and the steady guidance of head coach DeMeco Ryans. 
The only real weakness on their roster was a secondary that ranked 23rd in passing yards allowed and 27th in net yards per attempt allowed. 
Houston made a few moves to address its cornerback room, including signing past first-round picks C.J. Henderson and Jeff Okudah and using its first draft selection on Kamari Lassiter.
The Texans should get a good look at their new additions—and a better idea of the state of their secondary—during the preseason. 
Is Anthony Richardson healthy and prepared to take off for the Indianapolis Colts?
The Indianapolis Colts came close to making the playoffs in 2023 and potentially supplanting Houston as the biggest surprise of the year.
The fact that they entered a make-or-break game with the Texans in Week 18 while leaning on backup quarterback Gardner Minshew was pretty remarkable. 
Last year's first-round pick, Anthony Richardson, showed flashes as a dynamic dual-threat quarterback but only appeared in four games before suffering a season-ending shoulder injury. If he can stay healthy in 2024, the Colts may be ready to make their jump. 
The preseason will be important for Indianapolis to determine if A) Richardson is back to pre-injury form and B) if he's developed enough to fully open up Shane Steichen's playbook.
The Colts head coach can lean heavily on Jonathan Taylor and the ground game if he needs to protect his young QB, but the hope is Richardson will hit the ground running in Week 1. 
Is Brian Thomas Jr. prepared to be a go-to target as a Jacksonville Jaguars rookie? 
The Jacksonville Jaguars believe they have their franchise quarterback in Trevor Lawrence, hence their decision to offer him an extension worth $55 million annually this offseason.
However, putting an upper-echelon receiving corps around the 2021 No. 1 pick has been an ongoing process. The Jags have added Christian Kirk, traded for Calvin Ridley and, this offseason, used a first-round pick on Brian Thomas Jr. 
Kirk has been a fairly reliable target, but with Ridley leaving for the Tennessee Titans in free agency, Thomas needs to emerge as a reliable target sooner than later.
The preseason should give Jacksonville a better idea of just how early the LSU product can make an impact and/or whether it will need to rely on veterans such as Gabe Davis and Devin Duvernay early in the season. 
Have the Tennessee Titans done enough to give Will Levis a shot at success in 2024? 
The Titans don't yet know if Will Levis can be their quarterback of the future.
The 2023 second-round pick showed some potential as a rookie, but he was hampered by an underwhelming receiving corps and a shaky offensive line. Tennessee has taken steps to improve his supporting cast this offseason, though. 
Tennessee signed Ridley, added running back Tony Pollard, drafted offensive tackle JC Latham and hired an offensive head coach in Brian Callahan who helped Joe Burrow become a top-five quarterback while at Cincinnati.
While Callahan probably won't show too much of his offense during the preseason, he should get a look at how new additions such as Latham and Ridley fit.
If Tennessee doesn't believe it has enough to properly evaluate Levis in Year 2, it may have to consider making more additions ahead of Week 1. 
Can Bo Nix claim the Denver Broncos' starting QB gig by Week 1? 
Like several teams, the Denver Broncos will be evaluating a rookie quarterback throughout the preseason—in their case, Bo Nix.
It will be a pivotal process for Denver, which parted with Russell Wilson in the offseason and has an otherwise solid roster. 
The Broncos managed to win eight games in Sean Payton's first season as head coach, despite some early defensive struggles and a 1-5 start. The hope is that if Nix can solidify the quarterback position, they can begin building toward the playoffs. 
However, the Broncos aren't simply going to hand the rookie the starting job, even if the alternative is starting Zach Wilson or Jarrett Stidham.
Stidham was listed as the starter on Denver's first unofficial depth chart , with Nix at QB3. The big question is whether the Oregon product can do enough over the next three weeks to win the QB1 role before the regular season. 
Do the Kansas City Chiefs have an answer at left tackle on their roster?
The Kansas City Chiefs still employ Patrick Mahomes and therefore have zero questions about their quarterback spot. There is, however, some uncertainty about who will protect his blindside. 
Last year's starting left tackle Donovan Smith remains unsigned, and Kansas City is expected to start with either rookie Kingsley Suamataia or second-year Wanya Morris in his place.
The Chiefs may not even get a look at Morris in the preseason opener, as he suffered a knee injury on Wednesday, according to PJ Green of Fox 4 Kansas City. 
Over the next few weeks, though, they must figure out if they have a dependable left tackle on their roster. Otherwise, the Chiefs will have to consider bringing back Smith or another free-agent option such as David Bakhtiari. 
Will a clear-cut starter emerge at QB for the Las Vegas Raiders?
The Las Vegas Raiders are one of the few NFL teams holding a true quarterback competition between veterans this offseason.
As a rookie, Aidan O'Connell was a decent enough game manager, but Las Vegas brought in Gardner Minshew II in free agency. 
The hope is that one of the two will emerge as an above-average starter who can maximize offensive playmakers like Davante Adams, Jakobi Meyers and rookie tight end Brock Bowers. It's likely to be an open competition throughout the preseason. 
"Who goes out first and who goes out second really doesn't matter," head coach Antonio Pierce told reporters. 
Las Vegas will be hoping to see both quarterbacks perform well in exhibition but for one to emerge as an obvious favorite. 
Can the Los Angeles Chargers field a functional offense if Justin Herbert misses time? 
While expectations should be tempered for the Los Angeles Chargers' first season under Jim Harbaugh, his past success likely has plenty of fans thinking about the playoffs.
Undoubtedly, the new head coach will bring some positive changes to the defense, the offensive line and the ground game.
The question is whether the Chargers can get enough out of the passing attack to compete in the division this year. L.A. parted with potent pass-catchers Keenan Allen, Mike Williams, Gerald Everett and Austin Ekeler this offseason.
On top of that, quarterback Justin Herbert is dealing with a plantar fascia injury that could linger into the regular season. 
The hope, of course, is that Herbert will be ready for Week 1. What the Chargers need to learn during the preseason is whether a quarterback such as Easton Stick, Max Duggan or Luis Perez can help them navigate the early season if needed. 
Can the Dallas Cowboys rely on rookies as much as they hope?
After losing left tackle Tyron Smith and center Tyler Biadasz in free agency, the Dallas Cowboys may have to lean on rookies Tyler Guyton and Cooper Beebe early and often in 2024. 
The potential problem is that Guyton was only a one-year starter in college, while both he and Beebe are learning new positions. Guyton played right tackle at Oklahoma, while Beebe started at every position except center. 
Second-round pick Marshawn Kneeland may also have to come up big for the Cowboys as a rookie. Pass-rushers Dante Fowler Jr. and Dorance Armstrong departed in free agency, while Sam Williams recently landed on injured reserve with a torn ACL. 
Have the New York Giants added enough to truly evaluate Daniel Jones in 2024?
After a disappointing 2023 campaign that was ended by a torn ACL, New York Giants quarterback Daniel Jones is entering a pivotal season.
The 27-year-old is progressing well from the injury, but he has yet to prove that a good 2022 campaign wasn't a fluke, though his struggles last season weren't entirely his fault. 
"Last year he got hurt and, let's be honest, when he was playing, we weren't blocking anybody," franchise co-owner John Mara said, per ESPN's Jordan Raanan. 
New York surrendered an alarming 85 sacks in 2023 and had one of the league's worst receiving corps. Evaluating his development based on last season wouldn't be fair. 
While New York might not get an extended look at Jones in the preseason, it should get a look at new additions like running back Devin Singletary, tackle Jermaine Eluemunor, guard Jon Runyan and rookie receiver Malik Nabers. Hopefully, the Giants will learn by Week 1 whether they have a strong enough supporting cast with which to evaluate Jones in 2024. 
Have the Philadelphia Eagles done enough to reload a defense that collapsed in 2023?
The Philadelphia Eagles fell apart after a 10-1 start to last season, and there were likely several factors involved.
Philly struggled to adapt to a double coordinator change in the 2023 offseason, and there was a disconnect between head coach Nick Sirianni and quarterback Jalen Hurts, according to ESPN's Tim McManus and Jeremy Fowler. 
A defense that went from Super Bowl-caliber in 2022 to 26th overall in 2023 also played a part. 
While we probably won't get much insight into locker room dynamics or the game-planning of new offensive coordinator Kellen Moore, we should see glimpses of a heavily retooled defense. Vic Fangio is in as coordinator, and Philly added the likes of C.J. Gardner-Johnson, Devin White, Bryce Huff and rookie corner Quinyon Mitchell. 
The Eagles will be looking to see how some of the new pieces fit and how the players are adapting to Fangio's guidance during the preseason. 
Is Jayden Daniels ready to be Washington Commanders' starting QB out of the gate?
Rookie second overall pick Jayden Daniels is set to start the Washington Commanders' preseason opener. 
"He's earned that right to do that," head coach Dan Quinn said. 
Can Daniels handle the speed, physicality and nuance of the pro game right away? He's flashed poise, accuracy and playmaking ability in training camp, but he'll need to continue doing that in game situations against unfamiliar opponents. 
The rookie may not be playing for the starting job in the preseason—the alternative will be starting Marcus Mariota. However, his performance over the next few weeks may decide whether offensive coordinator Kliff Kingsbury eases Daniels into the offense or allows him to open things up as he did at LSU. 
Will the Chicago Bears need to ease in Caleb Williams or can they turn him loose?
While the Chicago Bears didn't play Caleb Williams in last week's Hall of Fame Game, the rookie first overall pick is expected to see preseason action. 
According to ESPN's Courtney Cronin, the USC product is expected to get 45-55 snaps over Chicago's final three preseason contests. 
Barring an injury or a massive surprise, Williams will be the Bears' starter in Week 1.
Over the next few weeks, though, Chicago must figure out if new offensive coordinator Shane Waldron must craft an offense that protects Williams early on or whether he'll build a system around him. 
 Will cornerback additions finally give the Detroit Lions a complete defense?
The Detroit Lions essentially have no offensive questions to answer in the preseason. They have one of the best offensive lines in football and are loaded at every skill position. 
Defensively, though, they are strong up front but had some questions on the back end. While Detroit finished last season ranked third in yards per carry allowed, it ranked just 29th in net yards per pass attempt allowed and 27th in touchdowns allowed. 
The Lions probably won't play many of their starters during the preseason, but new cornerback additions like Carlton Davis and rookies Terrion Arnold and Ennis Rakestraw Jr. should get some run.
If the new pieces don't perform well enough, Detroit can always consider remaining free agents such as Xavien Howard and Stephon Gilmore. 
Can the Green Bay Packers uncover a reliable kicker ahead of Week 1?
Yes, we're really going to highlight a kicking competition here. The Green Bay Packers have their quarterback in Jordan Love and good, young playmakers at several key positions. But their search for a dependable kicker is ongoing. 
Anders Carlson missed six field goals and five extra points as a rookie last season, which led to Green Bay adding Greg Joseph this offseason. It recently added rookie Alex Hale to the mix as well, according to Andy Herman of Packer Report. 
Games can be, and often are, decided by the slimmest of margins, and a dependable kicker can provide a legitimate advantage. The Packers will hope they find theirs by the end of the preseason. 
Can J.J. McCarthy do enough to earn playing time as a rookie? 
As is the case with Drake Maye in New England, Minnesota Vikings rookie quarterback J.J. McCarthy may not be playing for the starting job this preseason.
Sam Darnold is QB1 on the team's first unofficial depth chart, while the backup position reads: "J.J. McCarthy OR Nick Mullens."
The Michigan product probably isn't ready to unseat Darnold as the starter just yet, and that's OK. What the Vikings need to figure out is how quickly he might be able to get on the field. 
Minnesota will look to see poise, patience and progress from McCarthy during exhibition play before handing him the backup job over the more experienced Mullens. If he does enough to make that happen, the Vikings can then evaluate the possibility of getting him playing time at some point in 2024. 
Can the Atlanta Falcons finally find a reliable pass-rusher? 
The Atlanta Falcons used the eighth overall pick on quarterback Michael Penix Jr. not long after signing Kirk Cousins to a lucrative free-agent contract.
While Atlanta will undoubtedly be curious to see Penix perform in the preseason, the rookie is highly unlikely to push for the starting job. 
And Cousins isn't expected to play at all in the preseason.
By taking Penix, though, the Falcons passed on a chance to select one of the top edge-rushers in the draft. Now, they'll look to see if they can find a capable sack artist with the players they do have. 
Atlanta has long sought a high-end pass-rusher, and it lost both Calais Campbell and Bud Dupree this offseason. Arnold Ebiketie is the top returning sacks-producer (6.0) and Atlanta used a third-round pick on Bralen Trice.
If a capable pass-rusher doesn't emerge in the coming weeks, though, the Falcons will have to explore external options. 
Will Dave Canales operate a more QB-friendly Carolina Panthers offense?
Bryce Young had a disastrous rookie campaign for the Carolina Panthers.
This was due in part to a lack of supporting talent, but former head coach Frank Reich also seemed to force the 2023 first overall pick into an offense that didn't play to his strengths. 
The Panthers struggled to support Young with a strong running game and didn't utilize play-action or pre-snap movement enough to give the QB easier looks.
New head coach Dave Canales must provide a more QB-friendly offense if the 23-year-old is going to rebound in 2024. 
Canales helped both Geno Smith and Baker Mayfield have career years over the past two seasons, so there's reason for hope. 
While Young may not play in the preseason and backup Andy Dalton is dealing with a quad injury, Carolina should get an early idea of just how quarterback-friendly Canales' offense can be.
Jake Luton and undrafted rookie Jack Plummer are likely to see a lot of reps in the coming weeks. 
Do the New Orleans Saints have a pair of starting tackles on the roster?
The New Orleans Saints have some serious question marks at the offensive tackle position.
Trevor Penning has failed to stick in the starting lineup, and longtime starter Ryan Ramcyzyk has already landed on the reserve/physically unable to perform list. 
This places a lot of pressure on rookie first-round pick Tailese Fuaga, who may now have to start at one of the tackle spots as a rookie and as early as Week 1.
It also means New Orleans will have to find a second starter in a player like Penning, Landon Young or Olisaemeka Udoh. 
If the Saints cannot find a reliable tackle tandem by the end of the preseason, they'll have to consider signing or trading for more talent. 
Can the Tampa Bay Buccaneers offense adjust quickly to new OC Liam Coen?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers may have found their next long-term quarterback in Mayfield. He had his first Pro Bowl campaign in 2023 and established chemistry with offensive standouts like Mike Evans, Chris Godwin and Rachaad White. 
However, it's fair to wonder if the offensive momentum Tampa built last season can continue after Canales left for Carolina. The Buccaneers hired Liam Coen to replace Canales, and he's been busy installing a new system this offseason. 
"He puts a lot on you mentally in the front," Mayfield said in June, per Scott Smith of the team's official website. "It is a little mentally taxing but it's good in the long run."
While the Bucs probably won't play their starters heavily in the preseason or give many glimpses of Coen's offensive wrinkles, they should quickly learn if their offense is ready to pick up where it left off in 2023. 
Can the Arizona Cardinals' rookies provide an immediate boost in 2024?
Arizona Cardinals head coach Jonathan Gannon doesn't plan to play quarterback Kyler Murray in the preseason.
Having the two-time Pro Bowler healthy in 2024 should give Arizona a sizeable boost, though, after he missed the first half of 2023 while recovering from a torn ACL.
If the Cardinals hope to make a significant jump after last year's four-win campaign, though, they may need rookies like wideout Marvin Harrison Jr., pass-rusher Darius Robinson and cornerback Max Melton to contribute early and often.
Arizona added a few notable veterans during free agency, including offensive tackle Jonah Williams and receiver Zay Jones, but none are franchise-altering talents. 
Players like Harrison and Robinson could be, though, and the Cards should get a good look at their first-year players in the coming weeks. 
Do the Los Angeles Rams have enough depth to overcome injuries?
The Los Angeles Rams reentered the playoff conversation in 2023 after injuries plagued their previous campaign. Unfortunately, injuries are already looking like a potential issue.
Standout receiver Puka Nacua is "week-to-week" with a knee injury, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter, and cornerback Derion Kendrick is already out for the year with a torn ACL.
Starting offensive linemen Jonah Jackson, Alaric Jackson, and Rob Havenstein are also battling training camp ailments. 
Over the next few weeks, coach Sean McVay and the Rams will learn just how much they can trust their roster depth and/or whether they need to make a few more additions ahead of Week 1. 
Do the San Francisco 49ers have enough depth at RB and WR?
The San Francisco 49ers have one of the most complete rosters in the NFL, at least on paper. However, it's fair to wonder if they have enough depth at wide receiver and running back heading into the regular season. 
Brandon Aiyuk remains the topic of trade speculation, and rookie wideout Ricky Pearsall has dealt with shoulder and hamstring issues during camp. Even more alarming, star running back Christian McCaffrey is dealing with a calf strain that will keep him out of the preseason. 
With all due respect to Brock Purdy, the 49ers offense relies heavily on its skill players. Ideally, players like receiver Jauan Jennings, rookie wideout Jacob Cowling and rookie running back Isaac Guerendo will show enough during the preseason to ease any depth concerns ahead of Week 1. 
Have the Seattle Seahawks Done Enough to Address their offensive interior?
The Seattle Seahawks should have few questions about an offense skill group headlined by Geno Smith, DK Metcalf, Tyler Lockett, Kenneth Walker III and Zach Charbonnett.
However, their interior offensive line was one of the worst in the league last season, which led to numerous changes. 
Seattle signed Laken Tomlinson and drafted Christian Haynes before adding Connor Williams earlier this week. While Williams is coming off a significant injury, agent Drew Rosenhaus said that the standout guard/center should be ready by Week 1. 
"Yeah, yeah, he is healthy. He absolutely is," Rosenhaus told 560 WQAM in Miami (h/t ESPN's Brady Henderson). 
Preseason performances may determine whether Williams is the last piece of the puzzle or if Seattle needs to consider other free-agent and trade alternatives.