In the days since achieving his first No. 1 single in more than a decade, Kanye West has continued his controversial album rollout by publicly firing one of his marketers and calling out Adidas—claiming the company tried to “destroy” him—and several other celebrities on Instagram.
Kanye West performs onstage during the "Vultures 1" playback concert during Rolling Loud 2024. ... More (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images)
Days after “Carnival,” West’s latest hit single with Ty Dolla $ign, hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, West posted a now-deleted celebratory message on Instagram thanking his collaborators, while simultaneously calling out detractors.
West slammed Adidas in the post, and in a video on his Instagram story, for trying to “destroy” him more than a year after the brand dropped its partnership with the rapper over his string of bizarre and antisemitic comments, which tanked his billionaire status.
West also called out other celebrities, including Hailey Bieber, Drake and additional unnamed friends and family members, adding he would “come back” if he thinks of more people to call out.
West in addition posted on his Instagram story this week he had fired YesJulz, whose real name is Julieanna Goddard, a social media influencer and marketer who had worked on the rollout for his “Vultures 1” album over “unauthorized” social media posts she had made.
An email circulated on social media this week ostensibly depicting right-wing commentator Milo Yiannopolous, who had worked on West’s presidential campaign and is listed as chief of staff at West’s Yeezy fashion brand, claiming Goddard would be fined $7.7 million for violating nondisclosure agreements.
Goddard responded on X, formerly known as Twitter, writing “f*ck an NDA” and posting screenshots of messages with Yiannopolous that appear to depict him making disparaging remarks about West’s fans.
West’s net worth tumbled from an estimated $2 billion to about $400 million after Adidas dropped the rapper in October 2022—and Adidas was hurt by the fallout, too, posting a net loss of $63 million in core business in 2023.
West achieved his first No. 1 single in more than a decade with “Carnival” this week. He last reached the chart’s summit with his feature on Katy Perry’s 2011 hit “E.T.,” and his last solo No. 1 hit was in 2007 with “Stronger.” The song is part of his “Vultures 1” album, which is his first musical release since he was dropped by Adidas after his antisemitism controversies. “Vultures 1” spent two weeks on top of the Billboard 200 albums chart, and “Carnival” finally rose to No. 1 in its fourth week on the Hot 100.
West’s album rollout has had multiple hiccups, including a dispute with distribution company FUGA that briefly kept his album off of Apple Music. The distributor said it had declined to release “Vultures 1,” but a longstanding client violated the company’s policies by releasing the album through the platform’s automated processes. One song from the album, “Good (Don’t Die),” has been unavailable on Spotify since last month after the estate of Donna Summer alleged West had sampled her 1977 song, “I Feel Love,” after being denied permission. Summer’s estate filed a lawsuit in federal court in Los Angeles against West in late February, alleging the use of the sample amounted to “blatant theft.” West was also denied permission to sample Ozzy Osbourne’s 1983 live performance of “Iron Man,” which he would have used on “Carnival.” Osbourne took to social media to slam West as an “antisemite,” and the song was reportedly released without the sample.
West has teased an upcoming sequel album called “Vultures 2.” He posted album artwork for the forthcoming release on Instagram, and a fan-run account claimed West had direct messaged them to suggest he may not release “Vultures 2” on streaming platforms. According to screenshots of the messages, West claimed he may release the album solely for purchase on his website, with the possibility of a streaming release at a later date. Like its predecessor album, “Vultures 2” has already faced delays, with West reportedly stating the lengthy rollout is because “we in the lab.”
Kanye West Secures First No. 1 Hit Since Antisemitism Controversies With ‘Carnival’ (Forbes)
Kanye West Storms Billboard Charts With ‘Vultures 1’ Despite Controversial Rollout That Kept It Off Apple Music (Forbes)
Ye Is Already Letting Drama Overshadow His First No. 1 Record in 13 Years (Billboard)
Yeezy fiasco helps push Adidas into loss as US sales continue to fall (CNN)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.