Keke Palmer has a question.
In a recent Instagram video, the Nope actress pondered whether she was perhaps “missing something” when it comes to some of the lyrics in Kendrick Lamar’s still-going-strong Drake diss "Not Like Us," an official video for which is on the way. As Palmer explained, though she made sure to note that her comments do not amount to "shade" or "tea" of any kind, it’s the "69 God" aspect of Kendrick’s track that has her perplexed.
"Now this is no shade, no tea," Palmer said, as seen below. "But I have a question, okay, because I know the rap kids, they do a lot of very clever little lines, especially somebody like Kendrick. But I really am curious of what’s so bad about being a '69 God'? I guess what I’m saying is, as far as I knew, 69 was something that just meant that you’re reciprocal, right? So if you’re a '69 God,' you know, what’s so bad about that? I must be missing something."
In the caption of her video, the self-described "millennial diva" added a bit more, joking that "inquiring minds must know."
It could also be interpreted that Kendrick is calling Drake a "69 God" in reference to Tekashi 6ix9ine, who was sued for his 2015 sexual assault of a minor.
The 6 and/or 69 God has since moved on from matters of Kendrick, at least in terms of new music, with his latest tracks—namely, two features on Camila Cabello's new album—making no mention, direct or otherwise, of the historic beef.
music | BY Joe Price
Lil Wayne Updates His Top 5 Rappers List, and Drake and Eminem Made the Cut
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Camila Cabello Enlists Drake, Playboi Carti, and More for New Album 'C,XOXO'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Donald Glover 'Enjoyed Every Minute' of Drake and Kendrick’s Historic Beef: 'Very Fun But Still Kinda Negative'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.