Each year, the Super Bowl presents a plethora of distinctive prop bets to choose from. With Taylor Swift now playing a special role in the latest festivities, Douglas Farmer outlines some of the unique markets available ahead of Super Sunday.
Just like there is no viewing spectacle as big as the Super Bowl each year, there is also no gambling event like the finale. With such a large market, sportsbooks are more comfortable trotting out all sorts of unique NFL odds.
Depending on where you are, not all these markets will be available to you. In the United States, the broad rule of thumb is that regulated books can only offer bets that would be settled on the field.
For instance, sportsbooks such as FanDuel and DraftKings are prohibited from accepting bets on the style of jersey Taylor Swift will wear while cheering on the Kansas City Chiefs from her suite. However, they can offer bets on the Over/Under of the total sum of jersey numbers for players who score touchdowns.
Join me as I break down some of the craziest Super Bowl odds that are being offered for Sunday's big game, and make sure to check out our full Chiefs vs. 49ers predictions before placing your NFL picks! 
Best NFL bonuses for 49ers vs Chiefs 
 All UsersNo-sweat 3+ leg Big Game SGPBonus bets back if you lose! Claim Now
 New UsersGet $200 in bonus betsWhen your first bet is $5+! Claim Now
 New UsersBet $5 on any wagerGet $158 in bonus bets! Claim Now
 All UsersInstant ML bet payoutIf your team goes up by 17+! Claim Now
Eligible USA locations only. Also, see our full list of best sportsbook promotions for 2024.21+. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Though it is a mild surprise regulated sportsbooks can offer this prop, it is widely available and rather confounding. The casual bettor may want to take "Red/Pink" at +500, assuming either team would celebrate with its primary color, but that assumes the players euphoric over winning the Super Bowl take the time to think with that big-picture approach. It is more likely they simply grab the closest Gatorade jug nearby.
Personally, lime Gatorade is the best option during a workout. That +390 garners attention.
A key to this offering is that it will be ruled no action if Kelce does not score a touchdown.
Given the Chiefs are the more popular team thanks to the most famous pop star’s romance, they make sense to be Drake’s preference this weekend.
Make no mistake, the CBS production truck will go out of its way to find a shot of any tears available.
If you can accurately assess this market, there may be smarter things to do with your money than wager it here.
Is it really a burger if it only has one patty?
If neither is run, the bet will be ruled no action. The best reason to mention this possibility here is to elicit your memories of Boise State’s Fiesta Bowl upset in 2007.
While I can't claim to be a fashion guru, there may be value in White and Black.
If Taylor Swift wants to stand out in the luxury suite with the Kelce family, something other than red would make sense, regardless of her past album title.
“Omaha” will never have sounded so good.
This number continues to fall, previously sitting at 28.5 earlier in the week. 
This could be interpreted as CBS responding to public criticism of Swift's previous appearances on broadcasts this season. However, the truth is that the shots of her have consistently been brief.
Furthermore, with a larger number of celebrities attending than ever before on Sunday night, the production truck will have numerous faces to feature, catering to even the most casual viewers.
This emphasizes how brief the views of Swift have been. Look at that juice and assume she will pop onto your screen six times. Based on that previous Over/Under, that is only about four seconds per shot.
You might take longer to pick a chip from the pile of nachos on your coffee table.
Stay updated with the latest picks, odds, and news! Tap the  to add us to your favorites on Google News to never miss a story.
Douglas Farmer spends his days thinking about college football and his nights thinking about the NBA. His betting habits and coverage follow that same pattern. He covered Notre Dame football for various outlets from 2008 to 2024, most notably spending eight seasons as NBC Sports’ beat writer on the Irish. That was also when his gambling focus took off. Knowing there were veteran beat writers with three decades more experience than he had, Douglas found his niche by best recognizing Notre Dame’s standing in each year’s national landscape, a complex tapestry most easily understood and remembered via betting odds.
In 2021, that interest created a freelance opportunity with Covers, a role that eventually led to Douglas joining the company full-time in 2023. In the fall, Douglas will place five or six dozen bets each week, a disproportionate amount via BetRivers because the operator tends to have lines slightly different than the rest of the market. The same can be said of Circa Sports’ futures markets.
While Douglas is an avid NBA fan and covers the league throughout the year, the vast majority of his bets are on college football, because that is the biggest key to sports betting: Know what you do not know.

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.