Drake takes both games on Friday
 DES MOINES, Iowa – Friday’s Missouri Valley Conference doubleheader against Drake saw the Bulldogs take both contests against the University of Evansville softball team.  UE fell by a 3-0 final in game one before dropping a 9-2 game in the second contest.
Game 1 – Drake 3, UE 0
Drake scored three runs in the bottom of the sixth inning to break a scoreless tie and earn a 3-0 win over the Purple Aces in Friday’s opener.  Evansville recorded just two hits in the game while the Bulldogs finished with eight.
Jenna Nink picked up UE’s first hit in the top of the second while Drake posted hits in each of the first three frames while stranding two runners in the third.  Jess Willsey notched the second hit of the game for UE in the top of the sixth, but the game remained scoreless.
In the bottom of the frame, the Bulldogs broke through with three consecutive singles.  Addie Lightner picked up an RBI single to break the scoreless tie before Destiny Lewis added a 2-run double to make it a 3-0 game.  In the top of the 7th, the Aces were retired in order to finish the game.
Molly Hoekstra fanned 10 batters and allowed two hits in the complete game win.  Sydney Weatherford had another strong game, allowing just three earned runs in six frames.
Game 2 – Drake 9, UE 2
After a pitcher’s duel in the first game, the Bulldogs recorded two runs in the bottom of the first with consecutive RBI hits to center field.  Evansville countered with its first run of the day in the top of the second.  Hannah Hood singled to bring in Brooke Voss, who reached on a leadoff hit.
Drake got the run right back in the bottom of the frame, but Jess Willsey quickly cut the deficit back to a single run as she hit a solo home run in the top of the third to make it a 3-2 game.
Unfortunately, the Bulldogs extended the lead with three runs in the fourth and two in the fifth to make it an 8-2 game.  They added a ninth run in the bottom of the sixth and that would be the final score of the day.
Zoe Frossard registered two of the Aces six hits in the game while three Bulldogs notched two hits apiece.  Carey Koenig had the top performance, going 2-4 with two RBI and two runs scored.  Megan Brenton suffered the loss, going 3 1/3 innings with six runs, three earned, scoring.  Elle Jarrett allowed three runs with just one earned in 2 2/3 frames.
Saturday’s series finale is set for a 2 p.m. start time.