New England Patriots Beat Reporter for NESN.com.
Plymouth State/Boston University product from Wolfeboro, NH, who now is based in Rhode Island. Have worked at NESN since 2016, covering the Patriots since 2021. Might chat your ear off about Disney World, Halo 2, and Lord of the Rings.
How Devin McCourty Feels About Chiefs Pursuing Patriots Dynasty
Watch First Teaser For EA Sports' New College Football Video Game
What Bill O'Brien Said About Bill Belichick, Patriots During BC Intro
Celtics Accomplish Rare NBA Feat With 50-Point Victory Over Nets
The Patriots' draft puzzle is nearly complete.
With Sunday's 17-3 home loss to the New York Jets, New England clinched a top-three pick in the 2024 NFL Draft. The Patriots can't finish any lower than third in the draft order, nor can they claim the first overall pick.
Furthermore, the New Orleans Saints' home win over the Atlanta Falcons eliminated any chance of the Patriots winning a draft tiebreaker over the Commanders, who are their top competition for the No. 2 pick. New England would've needed a Falcons victory, plus some extra help around the league.
Click here to enter a different Sportradar ID.
Story continues below advertisement
However, not all hope is lost.
The Patriots will finish with the No. 2 pick if Washington somehow scores a home win over the Cowboys on Sunday afternoon. That feels like an unlikely outcome, considering Dallas is playing for playoff positioning and Washington has nothing to play for, but you never know.
Regardless, the Patriots now have a top-three pick, and that's a big deal. They're guaranteed to have a shot at receiver Marvin Harrison Jr. or quarterback prospects Caleb Williams, Drake Maye or Jayden Daniels.
New England Patriots Beat Reporter for NESN.com.
Plymouth State/Boston University product from Wolfeboro, NH, who now is based in Rhode Island. Have worked at NESN since 2016, covering the Patriots since 2021. Might chat your ear off about Disney World, Halo 2, and Lord of the Rings.
Featured image via Brian Fluharty/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network