The 2024 NFL Draft is getting closer. Analysts across multiple big networks have been releasing their predictions for the big event. With that being said, let's take a look at who these guys have going to the Denver Broncos with the 12th overall pick in their latest mock drafts.
J.J. McCarthy's draft stock is rising, as many believe that he could go as high as in the top 3. He is a very talented quarterback who can instantly become a starting quarterback in today's NFL. 
If the quarterbacks go earlier than expected, trading down could be a very viable option for the Denver Broncos, as they lack draft capital due to the Russell Wilson and Sean Payton trades in the past two years. Trading back would not only give the Broncos more picks but could give them those extra picks to possibly trade up for a Day 2 quarterback. As I mentioned before in Jeremiah's pick, Denver does need front-seven help, and Latu could be a very interesting selection, but his health concerns could make him drop. 
If Denver does not want to trade up for Caleb Williams, Drake Maye, Jayden Daniels, or even J.J. McCarthy, Oregon's Bo Nix is still a great option, and here once again in a projected trade with Cincinnati. In this case, Denver would not only get their franchise quarterback but would get additional draft capital. Nix is a very experienced guy with 61 career college starts. 
Trading up for a quarterback could also be an option for Denver. Obviously the lack of draft capital could be a problem here, but if Sean Payton wants one of the big-name guys, the Broncos must trade up. Moving up eight spots would not cost as much as moving to 1 or 2, and Maye is a quarterback that could be very worthy to trade up for. 
Frelund is someone who focuses mainly on analytics, as she mentions in her article, her mock drafts are different than the traditional ones. Corner is a position of need and adding one opposing Pat Surtain would be huge as Fabian Moreau and Damarri Mathis were not the best during last season. Defensive line and edge are positions that I would address before cornerback if none of the quarterbacks that Payton likes in round one are available but ... could be good, who knows? Passing on Bo Nix for a first-round corner? 
Another one predicting Denver to select National Champion quarterback J.J. McCarthy. Can he be the Broncos next franchise quarterback? 
McCarthy, Nix, and Penix are all available at 12, but the Broncos decide to address a very needed position at defensive tackle. This is a very interesting selection, as the three quarterbacks mentioned before are still on the board. I would like this selection, especially if Denver could trade up later in round one, or early round two to select Nix or Penix (assuming that McCarthy is already selected).
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.