Shedeur Sanders to the Giants? AP
The Giants were off this week. Yet they still managed to lose.
They entered Sunday second in the 2025 NFL Draft order, behind the Jaguars (who, like the Giants, were 2-8) and ahead of the Titans, Browns, and Raiders (who were all 2-7).
Then all four of those teams lost Sunday. So they’re all still stuck on two wins, along with the Giants, who host the Buccaneers in Week 12, coming out of their bye (and the Bucs’ bye, too).
So here is the latest top of the draft, among teams with three wins or fewer:
1. Jaguars, 2-9
2. Titans, 2-8
3. Browns, 2-8
4. Raiders, 2-8
5. Giants, 2-8
6. Patriots, 3-8
7. Jets, 3-8
8. Panthers, 3-7
9. Cowboys, 3-6
(The Titans, Browns, and Raiders have the strength-of-schedule tiebreaker over the Giants, which is why they’re ahead of them. Might the Giants have to offer a huge haul to trade up to No. 1?)
The Cowboys host the Texans on Monday night this week — and will probably lose.
Still, they don’t need a quarterback. Nor do the Jaguars or Patriots.
But the Titans, Browns, Raiders, Jets, and Panthers could all be seeking a quarterback in 2025.
That’s five quarterback-needy teams competing with the Giants, who will replace the massively disappointing Daniel Jones in next year’s draft.
And remember, this is a draft with just two sure-thing first-round quarterback prospects at this point — Colorado’s Shedeur Sanders and Miami’s Cam Ward. (Some analysts also have Texas’ Quinn Ewers as a first-round prospect at this early juncture.)
So Giants fans better hope their team keeps losing — unlike last season, when the Giants started 2-8 and closed 4-3, blowing their chance to draft Jayden Daniels or Drake Maye.
Those were two of the six quarterbacks to go in the top 12 this year, as the Giants passed on Michael Penix, J.J. McCarthy, and Bo Nix at No. 6. Will they regret that?
Well, for now, they clearly at least regret getting too many meaningless wins late last season — three of those four with third-stringer Tommy DeVito starting — and missing out on Daniels, in what is widely regarded as a better quarterback draft class than 2025.
Again, in the current top nine of the 2025 draft — the teams with three wins or fewer — there are six that could draft a quarterback. And the Giants are currently fourth in that pecking order.
Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.
Darryl Slater may be reached at dslater@njadvancemedia.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices