E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Lorain County commissioners unanimously passed legislation at a meeting Feb. 27 to hire a consulting group to complete a county-wide lead abatement project.
The commissioners initially balked at paying Kleinfelder Inc. $672,000 to administer Lorain County’s Lead Safe Ohio Grant, which it received in January.
Lorain County received the $1,892,000 grant to complete lead safe renovation projects, lead abatement projects and related supportive measures for sites that meet the eligibility criteria throughout the county over the next two years, officials have said.
County Administrator Jeff Armbruster was hesitant to spend money on the consultant, so the commissioners tabled legislation for a month, said Commission Vice President David Moore.
In recent years, the commissioners hired several consultants with a hefty price tag and the board is attempting to cut back on the cost of hiring consultants when possible, the commissioners have said.
The commission had no choice to hire the consultant for the lead abatement program because it is a stipulation of the grant, Moore said.
The county’s Community Development Department pursued the grant through the Ohio Department of Development to implement the lead abatement program, according to county documents.
Drake Hopewell, the county’s community housing coordinator at the Community Development Department, explained the program at a commission meeting earlier this year.
Determining which households will be eligible to have any windows and doors replaced that contain lead paint, will be a large part of the project as it gets off the ground, Hopewell told the commissioners.
Complying with the list of the eligible homes will be a voluminous project, Hopewell said.
The main focus of the program are residences that were built prior to 1978.
“The goal is to promote primary prevention and reducing immediate and presumed lead hazards in residential properties, congregate care settings and childcare facilities built before 1978,” according to county documents.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group