The gritty storyline hits the mark.
Note: The following article contains discussion of sexual misconduct.
Death in Paradise season 13 episode three spoilers follow.
With the enviably sunny weather, sandy beaches and the rhythmic music playing in the background of each episode it can be easy to forget that Death in Paradise is quite a dark show. 
The seedy tone is built into the title, we know, but again the reggae and the beaches have us confused, not to mention that Saint Marie's police department is more comedic than they have any right to be given the death toll. 
Murder is always afoot and betrayal is rife; however, this episode of Death in Paradise took its usual whodunnit case down a darker avenue when the victim turned out to be a sexual predator.
Renowned chef Stanley Drake (Gordon Kennedy) was poisoned to death by the very contestants who were bidding for a place as head chef at his newest restaurant.
After some stellar investigative prowess on behalf of Neville (Ralf Little) and his team, the DI made a shocking discovery that Stanley's murderers were actually his victims – of sexual assault. 
This is one of the very few times that Death in Paradise has handled a storyline of this nature and the first time it has done so in this intimate manner. 
The murder-mystery show addressed the topic back in season 10 when TV reporter Melanie Sharpe was strangled to death after she became hellbent on exposing lead anchor Garfield Tourné (Patrick Robinson) as a sexual predator. 
Spurred on by his unwanted advances, Melanie had been collecting testimonies from his other victims before her death. 
While this was a gripping episode that explored the issue of sexual assault, the viewer was kept very much removed from the more intimate experience of the victims because they were either already dead or indirectly mentioned but not a part of the episode. 
This time around, Death in Paradise got closer to the heart of the situation and handled it beautifully, subtly honouring the very complex and real emotions that victims of sexual assault experience.
During the round-table-style big reveal, victims Lucky (Kate Robbins), Celeste and Dionne explained the truth as to why they conspired to poison Stanley. 
They did so at the request of Neville, who, although he'd worked out their motive, didn't rob them of the chance to speak their truth.
In a show known for its wittiness and lightness in the face of murder, Death in Paradise stripped all the dry comedy out of the scene and brought the emotive music to a halt. 
In doing so, it allowed the storyline the space it needed to feel as weighted as it should.
There was an initial frustration while each of the women told their story: Death in Paradise seemed intent on stopping just short of the words 'sexual assault' and 'rape'.
It felt almost as though their experience was still being silenced, until it became clear that this was exactly the right way to play it.
Death in Paradise isn't afraid to get gritty, as was proven with the series 10 sexual assault episode, in which they didn't hold back from explicitly stating what Garfield had done. 
Yet there felt like a hesitation where Lucky, Celeste and Dionne were concerned which was, of course, appropriate. 
Unlike in the case of Melanie, the story wasn't being told for the victims but by the victims and it is they who stop short of saying the words, as well as Neville, who said, "This isn't my story to tell, but I want to say that I am sorry that you felt murder was your only option."
That these women prevent themselves from labelling their experience speaks to the complex emotions felt when someone has gone through that kind of assault. 
The unwillingness to say it out loud, to admit or fully acknowledge what has happened to you, even when you're trying so hard to confront that pain, is natural. 
Death in Paradise's recognition of this is respectful of the delicacy of those triggering emotions. 
While these women may have been murderers, Death in Paradise treated them as victims first and in doing so told a multifaceted story in a way that sits with the style of the show. 
New episodes of Death in Paradise air on Sundays at 9pm on BBC One. The main show and its spin-off, Beyond Paradise, both air on BBC One and stream on BBC iPlayer.
If you've been affected by the issues raised in this story, you can access more information from Rape Crisis England and Wales, who work towards the elimination of all forms of sexual violence and sexual misconduct, on their website or by calling the National Rape Crisis Helpline on 0808 802 9999. Rape Crisis Scotland’s helpline number is 08088 01 03 02.
Readers in the US are encouraged to contact RAINN, or the National Sexual Assault Hotline on 800-656-4673.
TV writer, Digital Spy Janet completed her Masters degree in Magazine Journalism in 2013 and has continued to grow professionally within the industry ever since.  For six years she honed her analytical reviewing skills at the Good Housekeeping institute eventually becoming Acting Head of Food testing.  She also freelanced in the field of film and TV journalism from 2013-2020, when she interviewed A-List stars such as Samuel L Jackson, Colin Firth and Scarlett Johansson. In 2021 she joined Digital Spy as TV writer where she gets to delve into more of what she loves, watching copious amounts of telly all in the name of work. Since taking on the role she has conducted red carpet interviews with the cast of Bridgerton, covered the BAFTAs and been interviewed by BBC Radio and London Live. In her spare time she also moonlights as a published author, the book Gothic Angel. 
 
Death in Paradise shares big new-season update
Death in Paradise spin-off gets iconic guest star
Death in Paradise viewer shares wild Mervin theory
The ultimate Death in Paradise oral history
Ben Miller's Aussie series gets BBC release date
6 questions from Death in Paradise's eventful end
Death in Paradise's shock exit could be good
Death in Paradise tribute: Who was Denis Guyenon? 
Why Death in Paradise isn't on tonight
Beyond Paradise star wants "awful" character back
DiP boss' show makes a disappointing s2 return
Beyond Paradise star on fan-hated character return
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.