Chiefs Kingdom has massive expectations for first-round WR Xavier Worthy and understandably so, given his immediate impressive production as a Texas Longhorn. However, one AFC laughingstock reportedly tried to trade up for Worthy before the Bills ultimately sent their pick to Kansas City. 
According to Michael Lombardi, a former NFL team executive, the New England Patriots were in hot pursuit of Worthy. Appearing on The Pat McAfee Show, Lombardi explained how the Patriots tried to trade up but were rebuked. 
Despite Worthy missing OTAs this week due to injury, he figures to be a critical part of the Chiefs' offense in 2024 and beyond. 
"New England was in high speed pursuit of Xavier Worthy and they wanted him badly..They were making calls to make that pick and the Bills took the offer from the Chiefs"@mlombardiNFL #PMSLive pic.twitter.com/Ls65H2eGq4
"They were making calls to make that pick and the Bills took the offer from the Chiefs," said Lombardi. New England selected QB Drake Maye with the No. 3 overall pick, so it makes sense they wanted to surround him with a proven weapon like Worthy. 
Instead, as is often the case, the Chiefs won out. With Rashee Rice potentially facing suspension, Worthy will join newly-acquired Hollywood Brown as two major parts of this offense. 
Kansas City has a unique opportunity to become the first team in NFL history to win three consecutive Super Bowls and Worthy's performance in his rookie campaign will help determine if the Chiefs can pull it off. 
I'm grateful the Chiefs won the battle against the Patriots, and the Bills surprisingly were the catalyst to make it happen. Worthy sits with the sixth-best odds to win NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year (+2000) over at FanDuel Sportsbook. I'm not sure he'll put up the stats to win that individual award, though he's important to the Chiefs' team success regardless. 
More Kansas City Chiefs News: 
Odds refresh periodically and are subject to change. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.