An "inept" criminal was found with a "gun" wrapped in a plastic bag after police shot out the tyres of a car. Drug addict Liam MacDonald, of Waresley Crescent in Walton, had taken possession of the revolver earlier in the evening, but further investigations by police revealed it to be an imitation firearm due to its obstructed barrel.
MacDonald's own defence counsel told Liverpool Crown Court this morning, Monday, December 23 that there was a level of "ineptitude" to the 37-year-old's offending due to the failure to obtain a viable firearm. The court heard on September 13 this year Merseyside Police was carrying out a surveillance operation.
Jamie Baxter, prosecuting, told the court that the defendant was seen leaving Waresley Crescent and getting into a Renault Clio being driven by a man who cannot be named for legal reasons. Mr Baxter said the pair drove to Kingsheath Avenue in Dovecot where the other man was later seen leaving an address pulling a "weighty item" from his shorts wrapped in a white plastic bag.
The court heard later that evening armed officers stopped the car on Drake Road, Fazakerley, by shooting out the tyres. When officers searched the car the defendant was in the passenger seat. The firearm was found inside a backpack at the defendant's feet wrapped in the same plastic bag.
Mr Baxter said there was also a receipt for 100 blank-firing 7.62 mm caliber ammunition. The police said the weapon was originally classified as a revolver - a prohibited firearm. However, Mr Baxter said further analysis revealed it was actually an imitation firearm as the barrel, which had been drilled, had been obstructed and was incapable of firing.
Addressing the prosecution, Judge Simon Medland KC said: "The long and short of it is that it turned out to be an imitation firearm. It had been an imitation and then turned into a real gun then it wasn't." Mr Baxter said: "It was an imitation at the time he possessed it."
Mr Baxter added: "The prosecution submits the firearm was intended for criminal purposes." MacDonald answered no comment during his police interview.
The defendant, who appeared via video link from HMP Liverpool, also appeared in court to be sentenced for driving offences. Mr Baxter said on March 11 this year police officers on patrol in the Huyton area saw the defendant driving a white Audi A3 at around 1am. The court heard he failed to stop for patrols and was seen on different front and rear plates.
The court heard he drove down Pilch Lane and accelerated away from police officers. He was later seen speeding at 60mph down Blackmoor Drive before driving through a give-way junction. He was eventually forced to stop and exited his vehicle to run away. However, a police officer shouted that he was going to release a police dog and the defendant "used his good sense" to lie down.
Mr Baxter said the vehicle was unregistered but there was no evidence to suggest it was stolen. The defendant failed initial road side tests for drugs and he was arrested. He was later released on bail following an interview.
The court heard on August 22 this year the defendant received a suspended sentence of 18 weeks for 24 months for burglary and criminal damage before magistrates in North Wales. The particulars of the offences were that he had broken into Bromborough Plastics and hot-wired a specialist vehicle.
The court heard the defendant had breached the suspended sentence when he was found in possession of the imitation firearm the following month. Mr Baxter said MacDonald had eight convictions for 20 offences, including for dangerous driving, arson and possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.
MacDonald pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving whilst disqualified, driving with no insurance and drug driving at the lower courts. After originally being charged with possession of a firearm, MacDonald pleaded guilty to the alternative charge of possession of an imitation firearm at his plea and trial preparation hearing.
In mitigation, Julian Nutter, defending, told the court that his client was addicted to class A drugs. He told the court that MacDonald had been in custody for around four months which was sufficient punishment in respect of the firearm offence but the "large blot" was his client had already received a suspended sentence just weeks before.
Mr Nutter said there was "ineptitude" around his client's ability to obtain a viable firearm. He added MacDonald was "absolutely positive" that he wanted to stop using drugs.
Asking the judge to suspend any sentence, Mr Nutter said: "He will make every effort to comply with onerous conditions. He wants to get off class A drugs. For some users they get to a certain age and want to stop with the help of the Probation Service."
Sentencing, Judge Medland told the defendant, who was unsupported in the public gallery, "It's already been ascertained that a large amount of your previous convictions come from your lifestyle where it's shown you have little or no regard for orders of the court". He added: "As your counsel recognises, the real problem is drugs.
"They make you behave in an unacceptable way and bring you into contact with serious criminals." The judge continued: "You maintain you are no part of an organised crime group, but you are more than acquainted with that form of lifestyle." The judge told MacDonald it would not be adequate to give him a suspended sentence.
Judge Medland sentenced MacDonald, wearing a blue t-shirt and sporting brown hair and glasses, to 12 months for the driving offences, nine months for the imitation firearm and three months for the breach of the burglary suspended sentence, totalling two years' imprisonment. MacDonald did not react as he learnt his fate.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.