Congratulations by Hemingford High Principal Lyle Fodnes goes to HHS senior Kevin J. Manion, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joe Manion, who was revealed to be among 203 Nebraska High School spring graduates selected as recipients of one-year Regents Scholarships to attend the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. The winners are selected on the basis of results from the Scholastic Aptitude Test given to seniors who rank in the top quarter of their high school class.
Swingers winning first placements in HHS golf this year are freshman Chuck Schmitt and sophomore Dave Horner, tied for 3rd low score in a triangular meet Monday at Hay Springs. The Bobcat squad hosts a triangular today at the local course on the fairgrounds at 2 p.m. with the same two opponents—Hay Springs and Rushville.
Named this week by James Barry Post 9 American Legion Commander Louis Stumf as Hemingford’s selection to compete for one of three District 4 Junior Lawmen to be chosen in May by the District Commander and committee is HHS junior Dan Brost, son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Brost. The one-week school is held for 45 high school juniors by Nebraska Safety Patrol and other instructors at Lincoln Air Park in June, the same week as Cornhusker Boys and Girls State in the capital city.
A brand-new bow and only 2nd time out for John Prochazka, 16, brought luck Saturday at Whitney Lake as John zeroed in on this 14-lb, 10-oz northern. The son of Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Prochazka of Hemingford, he spotted the northern about 3rd out of the water near the shore and shot from 10 feet away to score a bullseye and reel in the monster in a couple minutes. The fish measured 40 ½ inches in length and 14 ¼ inches in girth. Archery angling became legal April 1st. John gave credit to buddy Greg Morava for helping him beach the big pike.
Installed as Queen of Ismah Temple No. 119 of Deadwood at the Masonic Temple in Rapid City recently was Nancy Knight, wife of Harry C. Knight, manager of Central States Fair. They are former residents of Hemingford.
Chosen as Girls State Delegates from St. Martin’s Academy in Rapid City, S.D. were Regina Foley , right, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Foley of Hemingford and Mark Bock, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Royal Bock of Osage, Wyo. The girls will represent American Legion Auxiliary Unit 306 at Girls State in Mitchell, S.D. June 2-8.
Headlines and articles pulled from the April 18, 1974 edition of the Hemingford Ledger.
EASTER EGG HUNT ON TAP SATURDAY – The Happy Hare Hiding and Hunt Society for Hemingford Little People, otherwise known as sponsors American Legion and Auxiliary, will be called to order at 8 a.m. Saturday at the Country Fairgrounds.
That’s the magic hour when Toddlers through the 3rd grade are eligible to hunt Easter eggs. The HHHHSHLP annually colors eggs for small fries here.
Those in the hunt will get a treat or favor besides the eggs they find Saturday. Three separate age groups will get three separate sites to hunt in, and the treats are in store for all.
SPRING CONCERT – Spring elementary music contest Tuesday night ending on this note—a select choir from among the Grades 1-6 vocalists as the remaining 15-plus kindergartners through 6th graders listened along with a crowd of over 300. Directors were Kindergarten teacher Annette Davies, Joan Longmore (at piano) for grades 1-5 and Frank Brigham for grade 6.
CYCLE-CAR ACCIDENT – David Swanson, 18-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Dallas Swanson of Hemingford was treated at St. Joseph’s Hospital Monday morning following a motorcycle accident. He was eastbound at 9th and Potash in Alliance when his machine collided with the left rear of a northbound auto driven by Elouise N. Cordell.
Swanson, who suffered a bump and abrasion on his head, said he faced the sun and did not see the auto. Damage was estimated at $200 to the motorcycle and $150 to the car.
HONORS FLOW AS SCHOOL YEAR END NEARS – End of year honors are beginning to flow into Hemingford School District 10 departments and students.
Top award announced this week was that of a Regents Scholarship for one year to the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, earned in competition among all seniors in the state by Kevin Manion, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joe Manion of Hemingford.
But there was another “first in state”—and first here since 1968. Hemingford High’s Journalism Department has won the Nebraska Sweepstakes award among all Class C schools across the state.
In addition, another student was named to a state office in the Future Homemakers of America (FHA) convention at Lincoln. She is Joni Roes, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bud Roes of Hemingford—named state FHA parliamentarian. She and the other officers will lead more than 5,000 Nebraska FHA-ers from 152 chapters across the state. They will conduct leadership workshops, attend the national convention in Chicago and direct the progress of the Nebraska state association.
HHS journalism instructor Lyle Fodnes said NU Journalism School Director Neal Copple notified him yesterday of the HHS’ win in overall journalism contest. Class B was won by Superior and Class A by Lincoln Southeast.
Fodnes said that some of the HHS students contributing to the school win here will go to Lincoln for individual competition in the Silver Key finals April 27th. Hemingford High won the competition in 1968 also. The contribution included:
Kevin Manion, 1st in yearbook copywriting; Dennis Sherlock, 1st in yearbook layout and 2nd in sports writing; Brad Haas, 2nd in advertising; Debbie Wood, 2nd in newswriting; and Greg Burri, 1st in editorial cartooning.
GOOD FISHING – Good fishing and a respite from the crowded public lakes are some of the benefits offered by farm ponds. Some 45,000 Nebraska ponds are stocked with fish, and landowners are often willing to admit anglers. In addition to his permission, courtesy and respect for the landowner and his property are a must. Sportsmen should also remember that these small bodies of water can stand only limited fishing pressure on bass.
POTATO MEN NAMED, THREE FROM COUNTY – Lou Knoflick of Alliance was elected president of the Potato Certification Association of Nebraska at a business session in Alliance last week, following a luncheon at the Drake Hotel.
Gene Shaver of Scottsbluff was named vice-president and Don Haas offord treasurer with Vesley Frank of Kimball elected new board member to replace Chris Nielsen.
Due to bad weather, only 13 persons attended.
CC MEET CONFLICTS – A regular Hemingford Chamber of Commerce board of directors meeting set for Tuesday evenings was cancelled due to many conflicts, according to President Jack Horner. No new date has been set yet.
$872,634 HILL-BURTON FUND HOSPITAL AID RECOMMENDED – The Box Butte General Hospital at Alliance has been recommended for a federal grant of $872,634 in Hill-Burton funds by the Nebraska Advisory Council on Hospital and Medical Facilities at Lincoln.
The grant was recommended Friday. Cost of construction and equipping the 50-bed facility to replace St. Joseph Hospital has been estimated at $2,814,000 according to Dewey Nemetz of Blair, a member of the advisory council.
The Box Butte General Hospital Board of Trustees currently has about $200,000 in funds from a fund drive under the direction of Jim Wegner. The board plans to continue this drive to ensure a complete finished hospital.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.