US-based Latitude Brewing, the parent company of Latitude 33, has acquired Thorn Brewing in a move symbolising the craft beer takeover trend.
The deal, which will see Thorn Brewing and its locations in North Park and Barrio Logan fall under the new ownership of Latitude, is set to strengthen both Thorn’s and Latitude 33’s market presence across San Diego.
According to local reports from SanDiegoVille, the acquisition has been a “strategic move to expand its reach into central and southern San Diego”.
At present, Thorn Brewing will continue to focus on its taprooms and operate from its existing locations under the Thorn brand, but will soon begin benefiting from Latitude’s distribution network.
While specific terms of the deal have not been disclosed, both companies have hinted that they are “optimistic” about the next stages of the takeover and Latitude has revealed that it has plans to invest in Thorn’s production and further expand product lines and give the brand more presence. Meanwhile, Thorn’s production facility and taprooms will remain under ownership of its previous parent company TSB2 LLC and continue operating under a brand licensing agreement until further notice.
Latitude 33, which was founded in Vista in March 2012 by Kevin Buckley, who formerly worked with Alpine Beer Co. and Back Street Brewery, is well known for its Blood Orange IPA. In 2014 the business was taken then over by entrepreneur Mike Ingram and by the end of 2019 the sale of Latitude 33 Brewing’s Vista brewery to Local Roots Kombucha was broken with Latitude 33 then entering into an alliance with Green Flash Brewing and Alpine Brewing to contract brew at the Green Flash Miramar site.
In a similarly-timed tale, Thorn Brewing was also launched in 2012 as Thorn Street Brewery and co-founded by Dennis O’Connor, Dan Carrico and Eric O’Connor. By 2017, the business opened a 2,100 square foot brewhouse in the Barrio Logan neighbourhood alongside its own spirits brand, Rebru Spirits as well as a host of street food vendors. With the expansion and change of location, the brewery’s name changed to Thorn Brewing which coincided with it launching a tasting room in Mission Hills.
Rumours have reportedly circulated over changes being made at the top of Thorn Brewing ownership with at least one of the business’s founding members stepping away. Queries are still being left over whether Thorn Brewing’s Rebru Spirits brand will be no more following the sale to Latitude.
The acquisition has been viewed by those closer to the scene as a growing trend within craft beer which is witnessing a growing trend of consolidation as craft breweries seek to reduce costs and scale operations to compete with big beer.
Last year, db looked into whether craft breweries temporarily merging could become the answer to them surviving the next few years of challenges and rising costs, effectively creating supergroups of craft rather than sell out to big beer.
Following the lead from other US breweries Bear Republic and Drake’s Brewing’s “new collaborative partnership”, other brewers that are looking for new ways to exist during tougher times, can choose to reach out for likeminded breweries also looking to continue their brands but without the pressure of location costs.
Thorn Brewing’s leadership team echoed this sentiment and said that it believes the new deal will allow the business to continue and it hopes to maintain the quality and uniqueness of its beer while still broadening its reach.
Related news


                                    IWCBD raises £27k for women's causes and boosts beer education
                                



                                    Former Yorkshire pub to be made into flats, despite objections
                                



                                    Why ‘Stone Cold’ Steve Austin chose beer over a deal with Prime
                                

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
© 2025 Union Press Ltd | Wigglesworth House, Fourth Floor, 69 Southwark Bridge Road, London, SE1 9HH, UK Tel: +44 (0)20 7803 2420
Registered in England and Wales No. 03606414

Site by Redwire

It looks like you're in Asia, would you like to be redirected to the 
    Drinks Business Asia edition?

Yes, take me to the Asia edition
No

We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.