Today's Paper
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary, please include the information from the obituary checklist below in an email to obits@pioneerpress.com. There is no option to place them through our website.
Feel free to contact our obituary desk at 651-228-5263 with any questions.


General Information:


Obituary Specification:


Policies:


Verification of Death:


In order to publish obituaries a name and phone number of funeral home/cremation society is required. We must contact the funeral home/cremation society handling the arrangements during their business hours to verify the death. If the body of the deceased has been donated to the University of Minnesota Anatomy Bequest Program, or a similar program, their phone number is required for verification.


Please allow enough time to contact them especially during their limited weekend hours.


A death certificate is also acceptable for this purpose but only one of these two options are necessary.


Guestbook and Outside Websites:


We are not allowed to reference other media sources with a guestbook or an obituary placed elsewhere when placing an obituary in print and online. We may place a website for a funeral home or a family email for contact instead; contact us with any questions regarding this matter.


Obituary Process:


Once your submission is completed, we will fax or email a proof for review prior to publication in the newspaper. This proof includes price and days the notice is scheduled to appear.


Please review the proof carefully. We must be notified of errors or changes before the notice appears in the Pioneer Press based on each day’s deadlines.


After publication, we will not be responsible for errors that may occur after final proofing.


Online:


Changes to an online obituary can be handled through the obituary desk. Call us with further questions.


Payment Procedure:


Pre-payment is required for all obituary notices prior to publication by the deadline specified below in our deadline schedule. Please call 651-228-5263 with your payment information after you have received the proof and approved its contents.


Credit Card: Payment accepted by phone only due to PCI (Payment Card Industry) regulations


EFT: Check by phone. Please provide your routing number and account number.


Cash: Accepted at our FRONT COUNTER Monday – Friday from 8:00AM – 3:30PM


Rates:


Deadlines:


Please follow deadline times to ensure your obituary is published on the day requested.

Hours
Deadline (no exceptions)
Ad
Photos
MONDAY – FRIDAY
9:00AM – 5:00 PM
Next Day Publication
Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 4:30PM
Make changes by 5:00PM
Must receive photo(s) by 4:30PM
SATURDAYS
10:00AM – 2:00PM
Sunday Publication
Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 1:30PM
Make changes by 2:00PM
Must receive photo(s) by 1:30PM
SUNDAYS
12:00PM – 3:00PM
Monday Publication
Must receive obituary content, payment, and final changes same day by 2:30PM
Must receive photo(s) by 2:30PM

MEMORIAM (NON-OBITUARY) REQUEST


Unlike an obituary, Memoriam submissions are remembrances of a loved one who has passed. The rates for a memoriam differ from obituaries.


Please call or email us for more memoriam information


Please call 651-228-5280 for more information.


HOURS: Monday – Friday 8:00AM – 5:00PM (CLOSED WEEKENDS and HOLIDAYS)


Please submit your memoriam ad to memoriams@pioneerpress.com or call 651-228-5280.

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Today's Paper

			OUR PICKS:		
He returned to practice this week and was listed as questionable on the injury report.            
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group