e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Please email dispatch@redbluffdailynews.com or call 530-896-7718. Please include your name, mailing address, and phone number along with the copy and photo.

Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
MINNEAPOLIS — Christian McCaffrey’s appointment to the Injured Reserve list could keep him there longer than the minimum four-game absence.
“My understanding is he’s likely to be out six weeks or potentially more,” NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reported Sunday morning, a few hours before the 49ers’ road opener at the Minnesota Vikings.
McCaffrey did not accompany the team to Minnesota, according to a team source.
McCaffrey’s Achilles tendinitis was described as “painful” and “frustrating,” thus sidelining him not only for last Monday’s season-opening win against the New York Jets but for at least the next month.
Limited in practice most of the past two weeks, McCaffrey was kept out of Friday’s walk-through session after “his worst day” of pain that’s come on and off. He did not participate in spring workouts, and he only practiced about a week into camp before exiting team drills for four weeks with what initially was called a calf injury.
Hence, missing another four weeks is no guarantee his pain will have subsided. The 49ers’ next three opponents after Minnesota: at the Los Angeles Rams (Sept. 22), vs. the New England Patriots (Sept. 29), vs. the Arizona Cardinals (Oct. 6). McCaffrey would be eligible to come back to visit the Seattle Seahawks on Thursday, Oct. 10, with the next two games coming against the Kansas City Chiefs on Oct. 20 and the Dallas Cowboys on Oct. 27, both at Levi’s Stadium.
“We have to be really smart and understand this is a long year,” 49ers general manager John. Lynch said Friday on KNBR 680-AM. “We need Christian fully healthy and out there and don’t want to compromise anything.”
Jordan Mason, described by Rapoport as the 49ers’ “preseason MVP,” will reprise his starting role against the Vikings after a 28-carry, 147-yard, one-touchdown initial start in Monday’s 32-19 win over the Jets. McCaffrey was on the 49ers sideline that game, encouraging Mason to be himself.
HUFANGA ON HOLD
Safety Talanoa Hufanga is making strides but he won’t be making his season debut for the 49ers today. Also inactive are cornerback Darrell Luter Jr., linebacker Dee Winters, offensive lineman Ben Bartch and emergency quarterback Josh Dobbs, who started games last year here for the Vikings.
Hufanga, 10 months removed from an anterior cruciate ligament tear, is inactive for the second time in as many games this season. To help cover for the 2022 All-Pro, the 49ers elevated Tracy Walker III from the practice squad to back up starters Ji’Ayir Brown and George Odum. Malik Mustapha is also in reserve.
NO JEFFERSON TRADE
The 49ers, along with the Jets and the Indianapolis Colts, inquired about trading for Justin Jefferson before Minnesota made him the NFL’s highest-paid wide receiver in June, ESPN reported. Brandon Aiyuk, two weeks ago, landed a contract extension paying him $30 million annually, or $5 million less than Jefferson; prior to that signing, the 49ers said they explored numerous trade scenarios.
VIKINGS OUT
The Vikings deactivated wide receiver Jordan Addison; cornerbacks Fabian Moreau and Dwight McGlothern; defensive linemen Jalen Redmond and Levi Drake Rodriguez; tackle Walter Rouse; and emergency quarterback Brett Rypien.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group