Drake is finally putting to bed the rumors that he beds underage girls.
The rapper shut down the speculation in his latest diss track, “The Heart Part 6,” after Kendrick Lamar called him a “certified pedophile.”
“I never been with no one underage,” he raps in the song, released late Sunday night.
“Just for clarity, I feel disgusted, I’m too respected / If I was f–king young girls, I promise I’d have been arrested / I’m way too famous for this s–t you just suggested.”
Drake, 37, goes on to say that his name is not one “you gon’ see on [a] sex offender list” before referencing 36-year-old Lamar’s fiancée, Whitney Alford, and “Stranger Things” star Millie Bobby Brown, the latter of whom once said the “God’s Plan” rapper had texted her when she was just 14 years old.
“Only f–kin’ with Whitneys, not Millie Bobby Browns,” he asserts. “I’d never look twice at no teenager.”
Elsewhere in the five-minute track, Drake again denies Lamar’s claim that he has a secret daughter, even going so far as to say that he had intentionally “fed … the information” to the “Humble” rapper to make him look like a fool. (Drake notoriously was forced to reveal he has a son in 2018 in response to a Pusha T diss track.)
“A daughter that’s 11 years old, I bet he takes it / We thought about giving a fake name or a destination / But you so thirsty, you not concerned with investigation,” he raps before urging Lamar to “fact-check” his sources instead of being “dumb and reactive.”
The Grammy winners’s beef dates back to March when Lamar brushed off J. Cole’s declaration that they and Drake are the “big three” artists in rap, saying in his song “Like That,” “It’s just big me.”
The seemingly never-ending feud came to a head last week when Lamar dropped back-to-back diss tracks, “Euphoria” and “6:16 in LA.”
Drake responded with the nearly eight-minute “Family Matters,” to which the Pulitzer Prize winner fired back with another one-two punch, “Meet the Grahams” and “Not Like Us.”
But the “One Dance” singer finally seems to be done with the drama, as he raps in “The Heart Part 6,” “I don’t wanna diss you anymore / This really got me second-guessing.”
Advertisement