Days of Our Lives (DOOL) spoilers for Friday, May 17, reveal that Nicole DiMera (Arianne Zucker) will do her best to patch things up with Holly Jonas (Ashley Puzemis). Since Holly and Nicole had a fierce fight on Mother’s Day, Nicole will make a plea to repair their damaged relationship.
However, Holly is still upset about not being able to attend prom, so she may give Nicole the cold shoulder unless she’s willing to relent.
Perhaps Nicole and Holly could negotiate a deal where Holly’s more monitored and comes home early from the event.
Other Days spoilers say Steve Johnson (Steve Johnson) will corner Ava Vitali (Tamara Braun) for news on Clyde Weston’s (James Read) location.
Ava doesn’t know where Clyde is holed up, but Steve will still pump her for information and hope to gather more clues.
Over with John Black (Drake Hogestyn), DOOL fans can expect him to make a sweet offer to Eric Brady (Greg Vaughan).
It looks like John will sense that Eric could use some babysitting help, so he’ll come to Eric’s rescue and spend some time with Jude Brady soon enough.
Across town, Days spoilers say Stefan DiMera (Brandon Barash) will try to change EJ DiMera’s (Dan Feuerriegel) mind about reopening Li Shin’s (Remington Hoffman) case, but EJ will refuse to budge.
EJ already insisted that it wasn’t happening and declared that his decision was final, so he’ll stand his ground on all that and force Stefan to look into other options.
Days spoilers indicate that Stefan will track Paulina Price (Jackée Harry) down and explain the tricky situation he’s facing.
It’ll be Stefan’s last-ditch effort to get this case opened again and try to clear Gabi Hernandez DiMera’s (last played by Camila Banus) name.
There’s new evidence to suggest that Gabi is innocent, so Stefan will complain about EJ letting his personal feelings get in the way of justice.
Paulina may agree that’s what’s happening here and argue that something must be done.
This isn’t the first time Paulina’s had an issue with EJ, so she’ll ultimately decide she’d rather see Melinda Trask (Tina Huang) back in the district attorney role instead.
Days of Our Lives spoilers say Paulina will ask Melinda to return to her old job soon, so stay tuned for updates on Trask’s reaction and more predictions on her DA comeback.
CDL’s where you want to be for exciting Days of Our Lives spoilers, predictions, updates and news, so make us your top DOOL source.
RELATED POSTS