Philadelphia Eagles head coach Nick Sirianni during the fourth quarter against the Atlanta Falcons, Monday, Sept. 16, 2024, in Philadelphia. The Eagles defense gave up a late touchdown and the Falcons won, 22-21.Andrew Mills | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
PHILADELPHIA — Eagles coach Nick Sirianni believes settling for a field goal on fourth down was the right decision.
In the Eagles’ 22-21 loss to the Atlanta Falcons on Monday, Sirianni could have kept the offense on the field to convert a fourth-and-3 from Atlanta’s 10 with one minute, 39 seconds remaining in the game. If the Eagles picked up the three yards, they would have taken a knee and ran out the clock.
BUY EAGLES TICKETS: STUBHUB, VIVID SEATS, TICKETMASTER
Instead, Sirianni opted to kick the field goal. His conservative decision backfired because the Falcons scored a game-winning touchdown on their next drive. When asked about the choice between kicking a field goal or running a play on fourth down, Sirianni explained why he didn’t want to go for it.
“What I did is kind of look through the entire league and said to our analytics department, ‘Could you give me every fourth-down decision when teams are in range in four-minute offense?’” Sirianni said on Wednesday. “So I asked for every time it was one point to five points the team was up under four minutes and every fourth down from the 34 and in.
“There were fourth-and-1′s that were going for it. I think there were 12 fourth-and-1′s. There was a fourth-and-3 that (the) Houston (Texans) went for (against) (the) Dallas (Cowboys) in 2022, and there was a fourth-and-2 that the Jets went for against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. But that was it. And the rest were field goals.
“I put myself in that situation prior to the call, so I felt like in the moment my conviction was I knew exactly what I wanted (to do). Again, is the outcome always what you want? No. But your conviction in a call (is what matters). I was completely convicted that kicking a field goal there was the right decision based off all my studies.”
Sirianni said he was “even more convicted” about the decision after the game. He was confident their defense could stop Atlanta’s offense from scoring a touchdown because they only gave up 15 points in the first 58 minutes, made a few stops in the red zone and slowed down Kirk Cousins.
Cousins completed 5 of 6 passes for 70 yards on the Falcons’ final drive, including his game-winning touchdown throw to wide receiver Drake London.
Sirianni’s rationale for kicking a field goal was not illogical. He gathered information on what other teams have done in that situation, analyzed the results and decided it was better to take the points.
However, it was still the wrong decision.
Sirianni believed the Eagles’ struggling defense could make a stop. He should have trusted their offense to make a play to win the game.
“Again, is every decision I make going to be successful? No. But every decision I make has been thought out,” Sirianni said. “Is every decision I make going to be glorified? No, not even a little bit because I know the other end of it. You’re going to fail on some. You’re not going to be perfect on fourth-down decisions as far as converting them.
“But that is my job as a head coach. That’s the price of doing business. It’s the business that we choose. … I’ll gladly take the criticisms because I know they are coming.”
During games, Sirianni relies on Eagles passing game coordinator Kevin Patullo and offensive coordinator Kellen Moore to help him make critical decisions. He studies a game management sheet and has to memorize the information because he has to make quick determinations.
Sirianni will have to make other tough choices this season. If he doesn’t make the right ones, the Eagles could lose a few more games that they shouldn’t.
Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust.
Cayden Steele may be reached at CSteele@njadvancemedia.com
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices