NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WSMV) - Election Day is here and WSMV4 has curated this guide for voters across Tennessee.
EN ESPAÑOL: Guía electoral de Tennessee 2024
Follow this link for your nearest polling location on Nov. 5.
Table of contents:
Tennesseans are in the presidential election, alongside other local government offices.
The following government offices are up for election this year:
Some voters will also be deciding on a handful of ordinances, including:
Former President Donald Trump (R) is running against current Vice President Kamala Harris (D) for the office of President of the United States.
Trump first served in office from 2016 to 2020 when he lost his bid for a second term to the current U.S. President, Joe Biden, and Vice President Kamala Harris.
The 2024 presidential race first began with Biden as the Democratic primary nominee. However, in July, Biden withdrew his nomination and Harris was declared the Democratic nominee.
Trump nominated Sen. J.D. Vance, of Ohio, as his running mate, while Harris tabbed her vice president as Gov. Tim Walz, of Minnesota.
Senator Marsha Blackburn (R) is seeking re-election. She first assumed office on Jan. 3, 2019, and her current term ends on Jan. 3, 2025.
Since stepping into office, Blackburn has fought for many Republican-led issues such as bills to protect the unborn and securing the national border.
She has also helped implement more policies regarding security on the internet and protecting children online.
Blackburn is running against four other nominees, including Rep. Gloria Johnson (D).
Johnson was part of the “Tennessee Three” which included her, Rep. Justin Jones (D-Nashville), and Rep. Justin Pearson (D-Memphis).
Johnson, Jones, and Pearson became nationally known after Republican lawmakers tried to expel them over a gun control protest. On March 30, 2023, during session, the trio used a bullhorn on the Tennessee House floor to encourage protestors in the gallery to scream for gun control.
The three were found to be deliberately disrupting the general session and faced expulsion. However, lawmakers only voted for Jones and Pearson to be expelled from their seats, not Johnson.
Johnson and Blackburn are also up against three independent nominees including:
District 4:
Includes Bedford, Bledsoe, Franklin, Grundy, Lincoln, Marion, Marshall, Meigs, Moore, Rhea, Rutherford, Sequatchie and Warren Counties. It also includes portios of Bradley, Maury and Van Buren counties.
Scott DesJarlais (R) Incumbent - Congressman Scott DesJarlais has been serving in the U.S. House since 2010. He serves on two House Committees including that on Armed Services and Agriculture. His policy focus has been on strengthening the economy and ending illegal immigration.
Victoria Isabel Broderick (D) - Broderick served as a Lincoln County Chairperson in 2022. Her policy focus will be on pro-choice legislation, bettering public education and gun reform.
Independent nominees:
District 5:
Includes the southern part of Davidson County, parts of Wilson and Williamson counties and the entirety of Maury, Lewis and Marshall counties.
Independent nominees:
District 6:
Includes Cannon, Clay, Cumberland, DeKalb, Fentress, Jackson, Macon, Overton, Pickett, Putnam, Smith, Sumner, Trousdale, White and Van Buren counties. It also includes a part of Davidson, Scott, Warren and Wilson counties.
John Rose (R) - Rose is serving in his third term in Congress. He serves on two House Committees including that of agriculture and financial services. His political focus is on reducing the national debt and reducing federal regulations on individuals, families, businesses, and community banks.
Lore Bergman (D) - Bergman is an activist and advocate for the elderly and disabled. Her political focus is on climate change, women’s rights and common-sense gun laws.
District 7:
Includes Cheatham, Dickson, Decatur, Hickman, Houston, Humphreys, Montgomery, Perry, Robertson, Stewart and Wayne. It also includes parts of Benton, Davidson and Williamson counties
District 12:
Includes Campbell, Clay, Fentress, Macon, Morgan, Overton, Pickett, Roane and Scott counties.
District 14:
Includes Bedford, Cannon and Moore counties and parts of Rutherford County.
District 16:
Includes Coffee, DeKalb, Franklin, Grundy, Lincoln and Warren counties.
District 18:
Includes Sumner and Trousdale counties.
District 20:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 22:
Includes parts of Montgomery County.
District 24:
Includes Benton, Carroll, Gibson, Henry, Houston, Obion, Stewart and Weakley counties.
District 26:
Includes Chester, Fayette, Hardeman, Hardin, Haywood, Lawrence, McNairy and Wayne counties.
District 28:
Includes Giles, Lewis, Marshall and Maury counties.
District 13:
Includes parts of Rutherford County.
District 31:
Includes Bledsoe, Rhea, Sequatchie, Van Buren counties.
District 34:
Includes parts of Rutherford County.
District 35:
Includes Trousdale County and parts of Sumner County.
District 37:
Includes parts of Rutherford County.
District 38:
Includes Clay, Macon, Pickett, Scott counties and parts of Fentress County.
District 39:
Includes Franklin and Marion counties.
District 40:
Includes Cannon, DeKalb, Jackson Smith counties and parts of Wilson County.
District 41:
Includes Overton County.
District 42:
Includes parts of Putnam County.
District 43:
Includes Warren and White counties.
District 44:
Includes parts of Sumner County.
District 45:
Includes parts of Sumner County.
District 46:
Includes parts of Wilson County.
District 47:
Includes Coffee County.
District 48:
Includes parts of Rutherford County.
District 49:
Includes parts of Rutherford County.
District 50:
Includes part of Davidson County.
District 51:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 52:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 53:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 54:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 55:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 56:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 57:
Includes parts of Wilson County.
District 58:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 59:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 60:
Includes parts of Davidson County.
District 61:
Includes parts of Williamson County.
District 62:
Includes Bedford and Moore counties and includes parts of Lincoln County.
District 63:
Includes parts of Williamson County.
District 64:
Includes parts of Maury County.
District 65:
Includes parts of Williamson County.
District 66:
Includes Robertson County.
District 67:
Includes parts of Montgomery County.
District 68:
Includes parts of Montgomery County.
District 69:
Includes Hickman County and parts of Dickson and Lewis counties.
District 70:
Includes Giles County and parts of Lawrence and Lincoln counties.
District 71:
Includes Wayne County and parts of Hardin, Lawrence and Maury counties.
District 72:
Includes Chester, Decatur, Perry counties and parts of Hardin and Henderson counties.
District 74:
Includes Benton, Houston, Humphreys and Stewart counties and parts of Henry County.
District 75:
Includes parts of Montgomery County.
District 76:
Includes Weakley County and parts of Henry and Carroll counties.
District 78:
Includes Cheatham County and parts of Dickson County.
District 92:
Includes Marshall County and parts of Williamson County.
Davidson County:
The Davidson County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Sumner County:
The Sumner County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Wilson County:
The Wilson County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Montgomery County:
The Montgomery County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Robertson County:
The Robertson County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Cheatham County:
Cheatham County provided sample ballots for each of its eight precincts on Cheathamcountytn.gov.
Dickson County:
The Dickson County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Williamson County:
The Williamson County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Hickman County:
The Hickman County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Maury County:
The Maury County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Rutherford County:
The Rutherford County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Cannon County:
The Cannon County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Smith County:
The Smith County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Trousdale County:
The Trousdale County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Macon County:
The Macon County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Clay County:
The Clay County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Jackson County:
The Jackson County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Putnam County:
The Putnam County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
DeKalb County:
The DeKalb County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Warren County:
The Warren County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Stewart County:
The Stewart County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Houston County:
The Houston County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Humphreys County:
The Humphreys County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Perry County:
The Perry County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Wayne County:
The Wayne County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Lewis County:
The Lewis County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Lawrence County:
The Lawrence County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Giles County:
The Giles County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Marshall County:
The Marshall County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Bedford County:
The Bedford County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Coffee County:
The Coffee County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Moore County:
The Moore County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Franklin County:
The Franklin County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Van Buren County:
The Van Buren Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
White County:
The White County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Overton County:
The Overton County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Pickett County Ballot
The Pickett County Election Commission provided a sample ballot here.
Copyright 2024 WSMV. All rights reserved.