HENDERSONVILLE, Tenn. (WMSV) – Search and rescue crews have been playing music to help soothe and find an endangered boy with autism who has been missing since Sunday in Sumner County.
Sebastian Wayne Drake Rogers, 15, has gone missing from the Beech area of Hendersonville and was last seen Sunday in the area of Beech and Shackle Island, near Long Hollow Pike.
“We know that Sebastian likes cats,” said Eric Craddock, chief deputy with the Sumner County Sheriff’s Office. “We were told that his favorite song was ‘Eye of the Tiger.’ We’ve tried playing that to just kind of calm him and let him know we’re here to help him.”
The search for the missing teen has been vast, with law enforcement agencies from across Tennessee and Sumner County working day and night to bring him home. The Tennessee Highway Patrol, Sumner County Sheriff’s Office, Gallatin Police Department and Hendersonville Police Department and more have crews on the scene.
Authorities have searched by air, by horse and by foot, with more than 150 searchers on the ground on Tuesday. Crews are tracked by cell phone towers, their paths are marked and once they’re finished searching, they’re assigned a new area to search, said Ken Weidner, director of the Sumner County Emergency Management Agency.
“I’m sure he could see what’s going on here and be intimidated, but if he sees this ... I want him to know: Sebastian, come out. We’re here to help,” Craddock told reporters during a Tuesday afternoon press conference. “We just want to get you home safe.”
Several tips have come in from the public claiming to have seen Sebastian or his clothing. None of those tips have turned out, but Craddock said the public should not be discouraged. “It could have been him,” he said. “If somebody sees something, call us. Let us know.”
The Sumner County Sheriff’s Office continues to urge residents in Sumner County to check their surveillance video for possible sightings of the 15-year-old. Investigators believe surveillance video will be crucial in figuring out where Rogers has been.
Officials said their search for Rogers intensifies each day, with the teen off his medicine and the potential for chilly, wet weather on Wednesday.
“We’re concerned about the weather because we’re not exactly sure what he’s dressed in and we could have some flurries tomorrow,” Weidner said. “The wet – you lose body temperature 30 times faster when you’re wet than when you’re dry.”
Authorities are asking the public to not search for Rogers on their own at this time to keep the search party organized.
But when the time comes, the sheriff’s office will alert the public it’s time for an all-hands-on-deck approach to the search.
“There may be a time where we call on the public to come out and help us search but right now, we have plenty of first responders on scene,” Craddock said. “The best thing the public can do to help us is keep sharing it on social media. If you see something, say something.”
The search for Rogers was expected to continue into the night on Tuesday, with authorities using flashlights and night vision tools. The 15-year-old boy’s family is left hoping their Sebastion will make his way home safely.
“I cannot imagine the struggle that the family is going through right now,” Craddock said. “I don’t know how they’re handling it. I couldn’t survive if something happened to my kids.”
If you have a tip, you’re urged to contact Sumner County emergency officials at 615-451-3838.
Copyright 2024 WSMV. All rights reserved.