Lauryn Hill performs during "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill" 25th anniversary tour on Oct. 19 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. Credit: Invision / AP / Charles Sykes
Eight-time Grammy Award winner Lauryn Hill on Monday announced a 21-date extension of her "Miseducation" anniversary tour with her former Fugees bandmates, including a stop at Northwell at Jones Beach Theater in Wantagh on Sept. 20.
General-public tickets for the tour, celebrating 25 years since the release of Hill’s classic solo album, “The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill,” go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. at LiveNation.com. The tour includes music from that album as well as the Fugees' Grammy-winning best rap album, “The Score” (1996).
Two dollars from each ticket sold will go to the MLH Fund, benefiting initiatives by organizations involved in mental health, women’s wellness, small business development, education and other concerns of the worldwide African diaspora.
Opening is Hill's son, reggae singer and rapper YG Marley, grandson of music icon Bob Marley.
Hill, 49, announced the added shows on Instagram by sharing the tour poster and captioning the post “The Celebration Continues” (the tour commenced in September and was suspended in November due to Hill's vocal issues). She next performs a solo show July 13 at a festival in Sao Paulo, Brazil, before opening this new leg Aug. 9 in Tampa, Florida. Following stateside shows through Sept. 21, the tour then plays four European dates, ending Oct. 22 in Amsterdam.
Get the latest on celebs, TV and more.
By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill” sold 2 million albums within a month of its August 1998 release, and won Grammys for album of the year and best R&B album — among the five Hill took that year, including for best new artist. Added to the Library of Congress’ National Registry in 2018, the socially conscious work in 2021 was certified Diamond by the Recording Academy, meaning 10 million units sold. Cuts from it continue to be sampled by the likes of Drake and Cardi B. 
While Hill has released only one other solo album — the acoustic, live “MTV Unplugged No. 2.0" in 2002 — she remains a touring artist, performing a Feb. 15, 2020, concert at what was then the NYCB Theatre at Westbury. She had also played Jones Beach on July 15, 2018.
The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.
Unlimited Digital AccessOnly 25¢for 6 months
Privacy Policy | Terms of service | Subscription terms | Your ad choices | Cookie Settings | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help
Copyright ©2025 Newsday. All rights reserved.