Woolworths has gone “woke,” according to John-Paul Drake, the director of one of Australia’s largest independent supermarkets, Drakes.
The criticism is in response to Woolworths and sister stores Big W announcing they won’t stock Australia Day merchandise.
Drakes Supermarkets—which has more than 60 stores across South Australia and Queensland—released its latest catalogue featuring an “ingredients for Australia Day” page, which included multiple Australia Day merchandise items, plus food specials on party pies and sausage rolls.
“Whether you choose to celebrate Australia Day or not is totally up to you ... as a retailer it’s my responsibility to let customers choose if a product is suitable for them.” he wrote. “Just because you’re lactose-intolerant does that mean I shouldn’t sell dairy products in store?”
He advocated for a broader discussion about the date of Australia Day, but went on to say, “Until that date is changed, I will choose to gather with my friends and family and celebrate how bloody lucky we are that we live in a country where we can choose to have these kinds of debates” on Jan. 26 each year.
“Some of you may choose to boycott our stores, and I respect your right to choose where you spend your money,” he said.
Opposition Leader Peter Dutton called on shoppers to boycott the supermarket chain, calling it an “outrage” and “against the national interest.” Within a week, two of its Queensland stores were vandalised.
One in Cleveland Central had “Boycott Woolies now ... people power ... boycott WW” written in graffiti on its windows. A few days later, a store in Teneriffe was also vandalised with graffiti, with the words “5 days 26 Jan Aussie Oi Oi Woolies [expletive] u” written on the side of the building.
Woolworths Group said the decision was based on data showing a “gradual decline in demand” for Australia Day products.
“At the same time, there’s been broader discussion about Jan. 26 and what it means to different parts of the community. We know many people like to use this day as a time to get together, and we offer a huge variety of products to help customers mark the day as they choose,” a spokesperson for Woolworths added.
ALDI also announced it would not stock Australia Day merchandise, while Coles said it will sell a “small range” of products.