(AP Photo/Matt Patterson)AP
The New England Patriots have released the jersey numbers for members of their 2024 rookie class.
It had already been established that first-round pick Drake Maye will take the No. 10 jersey that was vacated when New England traded Mac Jones. But it wasn’t until Friday that most of the rookie class’ numbers were revealed.
Here’s the rundown, as announced by the Patriots on social media:
Polk and Baker took advantage of new jersey rules that allow players at more positions to take numbers 0-9. But beyond those two, there aren’t any surprises here.
With the two rookies take low numbers, the Patriots now have every number from No. 1 to No. 11 assigned. No. 12 remains vacant, as one would expect post-Tom Brady.
Meanwhile, Maye, Milton, Dial, Robinson, Wallace and Bell all took conventional numbers for their position.
Announcing rookie numbers in May represents a change for the Patriots. Under Bill Belichick, the team had refrained from assigning permanent numbers to rookies until the first preseason game.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices