Every new NFL season brings with it breakout performances, with players hoping to take their team to the next level. These are the top breakout candidates for each team entering the 2024 season.
The loss of Hollywood Brown creates a clear void in the Arizona offense that Harrison was drafted to replace. The fourth overall draft choice is expected to hit the ground running in his rookie season with immense talent and an NFL pedigree.
 Atlanta's quarterback play has been subpar in London's two seasons, but that's about to change after the team acquired Kirk Cousins. London has had two strong seasons but has yet to reach the 1,000-yard milestone. 
Baltimore has been a great place for pass rushers to develop over the years, and Oweh's time has arrived. The former first-round pick has made his name known with 13 sacks over three seasons, but he hasn't had the banner year the team expected. After playing through injury last season, Oweh could be ready for a big season.
 Shakir took a step forward in his second season with 611 yards but could emerge as Buffalo's No. 1 receiver this year following the losses of Stefon Diggs and Gabe Davis. He's been an excellent deep threat and highly efficient, catching 87% of his targets last season. 
 Young's performance couldn't be much worse than it was in his rookie season, averaging less than 200 yards passing per game and throwing only 11 touchdowns in 16 games. The Panthers have revamped their receiver corps and hired former Bucs offensive coordinator Dave Canales to get him on the right track. 
 The hype and expectations are exorbitant for Williams as the No. 1 overall draft choice and replacement for Justin Fields. Chicago has surrounded him with great talent, including the additions of D'Andre Swift, Keenan Allen, and Rome Odunze, as well as DJ Moore and Cole Kmet. With a great group of weapons, Williams could hit the ground running. 
  Retaining Joe Burrow's offensive weapons has become more difficult after paying him, and the team saw their first major loss with Joe Mixon this offseason. Moss was added to pair with  Chase Brown, and is set to become a lead back for the first time in his career. He's coming off a career year with Indianapolis, accumulating 986 yards from scrimmage and seven scores. 
 Jeudy has never quite reached stardom in four seasons with the Broncos, between injuries and poor quarterback play. Cleveland apparently believes he can't take the next step after trading for him and agreeing to a massive extension. At the very least, he should get plenty of signal coverage opposite Amari Cooper. 
 The Cowboys allowed Tony Pollard to walk in free agency. While they brought back Ezekiel Elliott, he's no longer a bellcow back as he approaches 30. Dowdle should see a massive increase in workload after getting 106 touches last season. The Cowboys' offense could depend on his ability to take a leap forward. 
 After suffering a major knee injury in 2022, Williams wasn't quite the same last season, with only 3.6 yards per carry. A year removed from the injury should help the former 35th overall draft choice, and he will have a big role as an outlet for rookie quarterback Bo Nix. 
The Lions have focused on improving their secondary over the last year but could give Melifonwu a sharp uptick in snaps this season. The former third-round pick started six games last season, recording 33 tackles, and will see even more production this season as a likely starter.
 The Packers have done an excellent job rebuilding their receiving corps over the last two years, including the addition of Musgrave. He missed time to injury in his rookie season, but had an impressive 34 catches for 352 yards in 11 games. Musgrave could take another step forward alongside Jordan Love. 
 The Texans received criticism for selecting Stingley third overall instead of Sauce Gardner in the 2022 draft, and the results have backed up the criticism. Stingley has played only 20 games in two seasons due to injuries, but he did have five interceptions in only 11 games last season. The Texans could have themselves a Pro Bowl corner if Stingley can stay on the field in 2024. 
Richardson's rookie season was cut short by a shoulder injury, and he played only four games. The team has focused on improving his supporting cast during the offseason and is optimistic about the potential he showed.
 The losses of Calvin Ridley and Zay Jones mean a mostly new receiving corps in Jacksonville. The team signed Gabe Davis and drafted Thomas in the first round. He showed superstar upside with elite physical tools and could help the team soon. 
 Despite back-to-back Super Bowls, the Chiefs offense has missed a major deep threat since trading Tyreek Hill two years ago. Worthy and Hollywood Brown should solve that problem with elite deep speed. Worthy is particularly intriguing after setting the record for the fastest 40-time ever at the combine. 
 Wilson was selected seventh overall in last year's draft due to his physical traits, but the team didn't quite see him deliver in his rookie season with only 3.5 sacks. The Raiders trust Wilson with a bigger role this season opposite Maxx Crosby. 
  New head coach Jim Harbaugh has promised a more conservative offense this season, and the team moved on from the long-time receiver duo of Keenan Allen and Mike Williams. While the team likely won't throw as often, someone still has to catch passes and Palmer can step in as  Justin Herbert's No. 1 option. He's done well with more playing time over the last two years and could be on the cusp of a 1,000-yard season. 
  The Rams have enormous shoes to fill following the retirement of future Hall of Fame pass rusher Aaron Donald. They did well to find Kobie Turner and Byron Young last season, and have a pair of intriguing pass rushers coming in this year with Verse and second-round pick  Braden Fiske. Verse was very productive at Florida State with nine sacks in back-to-back seasons. 
The Dolphins drafted Achane last season in part due to his world-class speed, which he displayed last season with 7.8 yards per carry. Unfortunately, he played only 11 games during the regular season due to injury, but Achane's role could significantly increase this season.
  It's hard to imagine a better situation than what McCarthy enters with Minnesota this season. The former Michigan quarterback has excellent receiver weapons with Justin Jefferson, Jordan Addison, T.J. Hockenson, and  Aaron Jones, plus an offensive guru head coach in Kevin O'Connell. If it all clicks, McCarthy could be this year's Offensive Rookie of the Year. 
New England loved what they saw from Gonzalez in his rookie season, but he played only four games due to injury. The former first-round pick should enter the year healthy and ready to contribute to a defense that needs him.
Shaheed was an All-Pro due to his special teams contribution last season, but he was also a formidable deep threat with 15.6 yards per reception and five touchdowns. With a significant role, there's hope Shaheed can take another step forward as a receiver this year.
 New York opted to let Saquon Barkley walk and go the cheaper route with Singletary this offseason. He's reached more than 1,000 yards from scrimmage in each of the last three seasons but hasn't seen the full workload that he's likely to receive from the Giants this year. 
 The Packers are excited to get Aaron Rodgers back from his Week 1 Achilles injury this year. Their myriad weapons, including the addition of Mike Williams, have been the headliner, but Conklin also figures to take a step forward. The tight end had a career-high 61 catches for 621 yards last season, but has more potential with better quarterback play. 
 The opportunity awaits for Smith in his second season after the Eagles moved on from multiple pass rushers, including Haason Reddick. Smith was mainly a special teams contributor in his rookie season, but could see his role blossom as a major part of the Eagles pass rush. 
Former first-round pick Najee Harris has been Pittsburgh's starting running back since he was drafted in 2021, but he's often been outplayed by the undrafted Warren. A new offense could allow Warren an opportunity to take the lead after averaging 5.3 yards per carry last season.
Brown saw his workload increase gradually as a rookie, but he played nearly every snap in San Francisco's final two playoff games. He's expected to start at safety this year, and could be a takeaway machine after contributing 10 picks in his last two years at Penn State.
 Smith-Njigba's snaps were somewhat limited last season as he started to grasp Seattle's offense. He should see more playing time under a new offensive coordinator, playing alongside stars DK Metcalf and Tyler Lockett. Additional attention in the offense could allow the highly talented wideout to reach 1,000 yards. 
The Bucs have seen major turnover in their front seven over the last few years as they've made an effort to get younger. Hall struggled in his second season with only a half-sack in 16 games, but the former second-round pick is expected to have a bigger role in 2024.
 Pollard was a disappointment as the Cowboys starting back last season as he worked his way back from a leg injury. He did start to look better late in the year, and will have a similarly large role replacing Derrick Henry in Tennessee. The former Pro Bowl back averaged more than five yards per carry in three of his first four seasons, and the Titans hope he can get back on track. 
   Washington hopes to have made the right decision with Daniels as the second overall pick in the draft after seeing Sam Howell struggle last season. Daniels is more athletically gifted as a passer and runner, and will have several impressive weapons with Terry McLaurin,  Jahan Dotson, Zach Ertz, and  Austin Ekeler.  
Seth Trachtman is a sportswriter, digital marketer, and fantasy sports expert based in St.  Louis, Missouri.  He’s a two-time winner of the Tout Wars Fantasy Baseball Expert’s League, and his work has appeared in hundreds of fantasy baseball and fantasy football newsstand and online publications
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!