By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:52, 6 July 2024   |  Updated:  06:11, 6 July 2024   
 417
View  comments
Tobey Maguire was seen leaving Michael Rubin's All-White party with a stunning model on his arm on Independence Day.
His rumored love interest, Lily Chee, is a 20-year-old model and actress. The Spider-Man star, 49, had his arm wrapped around her as they left the Fanatics CEO's annual star-studded soiree together.
He appeared to be taking notes from his best friend Leonardo DiCaprio, 49 — who was also spotted at the party, held at Rubin's extravagant estate in the Hamptons, but did not bring along his girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti, 26.
As Maguire made his way out of the party, he was seen walking closely with Chee as they paid no mind to their nearly three decade age difference.
Maguire appeared to be resting a hand on the small of her back as he guided her down the driveway.
Tobey Maguire, 49, was seen leaving Michael Rubin's All-White party with a young model on his arm on Independence Day
His rumored love interest, Lily Chee, is a 20-year-old model and actress
Prior to partying with Chee, his last public relationship was with model Tatiana Dieteman.
Maguire was also previously married to jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer for a decade from 2007 to 2017. 
He and his ex-wife share and amicably co-parent two children — daughter Ruby, 17, and son Otis, 15. 
Chee is a New York-based model and actress, who just celebrated her 20th birthday in September 2023. 
The up-and-coming star — whose father is Chinese-Malaysian and mother is Irish and Scottish — was discovered in a grocery store at the age of nine.
In her adolescence, she began working in performing arts and modeling.
Additionally, she is also a content creator with a 1.5 million following on Instagram and was nominated for Best Breakout YouTuber at the Shorty Awards in 2020.
Her younger sisters Mabel and Nuala are also following in her footsteps as they are also social media personalities with promising modeling careers.
As Maguire made his way out of the party, he was seen walking closely with Chee as they paid no mind to their nearly three decade age difference 
The beauty stunned in a chic white dress with a sizzling slit for the bash
Chee is a New York-based model and actress, who just celebrated her 20th birthday in September 2023
The up-and-coming star — whose father is Chinese-Malaysian and mother is Irish and Scottish — was discovered in a grocery store at the age of nine
In her adolescence, she began working in performing arts and modeling. Chee is currently a student at Columbia University
Chee is currently a student at Columbia University.
As a model, she has starred in fashion campaigns for Valentino, Dior, Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger.
She has made appearances in Marvel's Daredevil series and Netflix's medical drama New Amsterdam. 
Most recently, she starred in the 2023 coming-of-age short film titled Nothing, Except Everything. 
At the biggest party of the year, Maguire and Chee were clad in white for the theme of the party. 
The model showcased her toned figure in a white midi dress with a very high cutout on the side, which was held together by laced-up strings. 
Prior to partying with Chee, Tobey's last public relationship was with model Tatiana Dieteman; the former couple is seen in 2019
Maguire was also previously married to jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer for a decade from 2007 to 2017. They share two children together; seen in 2016
Her long, dark hair cascaded down her back, and she opted for a subtle makeup look to showcase her youthful beauty.
She carried a white shoulder bag and was seen strutting through the party in a pair of strappy heels alongside her close pal Livvy Dunne. 
Looking ready to party, Maguire looked effortlessly stylish as he paired a T-shirt with an open button-down and straight-leg pants. 
Meanwhile the star-studded Rubin bash featured quite the guestlist including Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Lala Anthony, Tom Brady, Emily Ratajkowski, Winnie Harlow, Brooks Nader, and Drake. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group