Current conditions in Dubuque, IA
Benjamin Fisher
Looking farther down the ballot and into the weeds of last week’s Wisconsin partisan primary reveals suggestive details about how voters leaned during their final trip to the voting booth ahead of the 2024 general election.
One of the headlines from the Aug. 13 primary was the substantial margins by which voters rejected two Republican-backed state constitutional amendment measures that proposed stripping the governor’s office of its authority to distribute funds allocated to the state by the federal government. The questions could be thought of on a timeline, one present and one future.
Question 2 would have stopped the current governor (Democrat Tony Evers) from spending federal money. Question 1 would have stopped any future Legislature from giving that money back to a governor. And while statewide the votes against both questions were fairly equal, in both Grant and Lafayette counties, notably more voters opposed Question 1 (which would impact Evers) than opposed Question 2.
Loras College political science professor Chris Budzisz acknowledged that some, likely more conservative, voters might have been less eager to restrict a future governor they preferred than the current governor they opposed.
But, Budzisz said the numbers showed Wisconsin voters generally opposed the blatantly partisan nature of the questions that bore no official party label.
“People (in Wisconsin) are super primed now to notice ‘Ope, that’s just a ploy to benefit one side,’ even if it’s their side right now,” he said. “Does it mean that Republicans are in trouble in Wisconsin? Not necessarily. But parties can sometimes push to the point where voters become disillusioned with their part in a fight.”
Platteville pastor Alexander Liberatore criticized the ballot questions to the Telegraph Herald after voting against them last week. 
He voted in the Democratic primary, but said he did not oppose the questions because the Democratic Party did. Liberatore voted against them, he said, because he felt they were intentionally confusing — a common, bipartisan critique of the questions’ language, even among local party leaders — and unwarranted.
“I’m always amazed how the ballot questions can be made as vague as possible, as if to create mass confusion,” he said. “I voted no on both of them, because they are (meant to) create something that’s completely unnecessary.”
Dawn Drake, chief election inspector for Platteville Wards 3 and 4, though, told the TH on election day that most voters seemed to have decided on the measures well before they arrived to cast their ballot — when ballot measures which are deemed confusing often repel voters.
“We thought more people would be asking us questions about the (referenda), although we aren’t allowed to give them advice or anything,” she said. “But there was only one person who said ‘I don’t know what this is.’”
Budzisz said the record turnout for a Wisconsin partisan primary and the widespread opposition to the ballot measures could have significant ripples in November.
“There’s a political principle where if one side senses a threat, like the Republicans alone pushing these measures, they respond in big numbers,” he said. “And the strongest predictor of voting in the future is voting in the past. There is a strong correlation between voting in a primary and then voting in the next general. The fact that that many Democrats and other opponents to the measures showed up is telling.”
Another statewide Wisconsin race with interesting local notes was that for the Republican nominee for U.S. Senate. Millionaire banker Eric Hovde has been running as his party’s presumptive nominee since an early endorsement by former President Donald Trump helped him receive the state party’s endorsement at the state convention months ago. And yet, Hovde received 86.32% of his party’s votes statewide, meaning 13.68% of the Republicans who voted in the primary chose either long-shot candidates Charles Barman or Rejani Raveendran despite Hovde’s hold on the lead. Locally, even more Republican voters chose a candidate other than Hovde — 14.38% in Grant County and 16.42% in Lafayette County. These are notable primary defections from a clear frontrunner — from voters Hovde might have to convince by the general election.
While primary participation is an indicator of general election participation, as Budzisz said, elections also have down-ballot bleed: top-of-the-ticket races and candidates of any party usually get more votes than races in each level lower. All the Republican candidates for Senate, for instance, received 231 more votes in Grant County than U.S. Rep. Derrick Van Orden did.
Van Orden also only received 38.41% of the total votes in the primary, which Budzisz said seems low for an incumbent .
Overall, Budzisz said the Wisconsin primaries left a lot of questions for voter sentiment ahead of November, particularly because of enthusiastic turnout by Democrats and opponents to the Republican-backed ballot questions along with more competitive primaries on the Democratic side.
“You’ll hear some candidates talk about primary (results) as the floor they are counting on, what they have in their back pocket,” he said. “Then your job is to see how high you can raise the ceiling. If you don’t have much of a primary turnout for you, it can be hard for a campaign to know where they stand. Somebody might have gone into vote and were only really animated by the Senate and the statewide initiatives. Those voters are highly likely to vote in November, but they may need to be convinced for who.”
Candidates for the Wisconsin State Legislature were also on ballots last week. They were running in their new districts after the Wisconsin Supreme Court struck down previous boundaries widely considered gerrymandered to Republicans’ benefit by the Wisconsin Legislature in 2021 and 2022.
For the 49th Assembly District, which now covers all of Crawford County and most of Grant County, incumbent Rep. Travis Tranel, R-Cuba City, received 47.20% to Democrat Scott A. Walker’s 52.80% in total votes cast. Tranel received 2,566 votes to Walker’s 2,536 in Grant County, though — even with the competitive Democratic congressional primary likely driving support for Walker.
For the 51st Assembly District, which now covers all of Lafayette and Iowa counties and northeastern Grant County — including Hazel Green and Cuba City — and two townships in Dane County, incumbent Rep. Todd Novak received 37.02% of total votes cast compared to Democrat Elizabeth Grabe’s 62.98%. Novak received more votes than Grabe in the Grant and Lafayette County portions of his new district.
5 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 24, at Lacy Mansion (Dubuque County Democrats 2024 headquarters), 1640 Main St. Dubuque — Democratic nominee for Iowa’s 2nd Congressional District Sarah Corkery will hold a “canvassing kickoff” event with food and music.
4 to 6 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 25, at Convivium Urban Farmstead, 2811 Jackson Street — Iowa Rep. Lindsay James, D-Dubuque, will hold her annual Lindsay’s Corn Boil featuring Fincel’s Sweet Corn, Cremer’s brats and appearances from 2024 Democratic candidates and other officials.
Benjamin Fisher
ISSN 2993-8384 (Online)ISSN 1041-293X (Print)
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.