"I'm gonna check you right now, Unc."

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

CJ Stroud has called out Gillie Da Kid for showing implicit bias towards Drake in his appraisal of the rap star’s back-and-forth with rival emcee Kendrick Lamar.

	During an appearance on the latest episode of Gillie and Wallo’s Million Dollaz Worth Of Game podcast, the Houston Texans quarterback “checked” the Philly native for deeming Drake the victor in the rhyme war. Stroud also theorized that Gillie’s hope to land an interview with Drake was a motivating factor in his judgement of the battle.

	“When Kendrick beat Drake, you said that last diss wasn’t better. You!” the star signal caller said upon the conversation shifting towards the two hitmakers’ heated exchange. “I’m gonna check you right now, Unc. You’re tripping,” Stroud said. “We know you want the [Drake] interview.” 

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	In response to the former Ohio State standout’s assertion, Gillie shot back, declaring that he and Wallo are compensated whether they have a guest on the show or not. “This is a misconception,” the Major Figgas member told Stroud. “Bro, whether we interview somebody or not, our checks still the same.” 

	Gillie also pointed out that he spoke highly of Kendrick Lamar’s chart-topping diss record “Not Like Us” upon its release. This led Stroud to recall the podcaster leaning towards Drake as the winner of the feud despite its success. “But after it came out, you said [Drake] won,” he said of Gillie’s overall pick.

	CJ Stroud’s visit to Million Dollaz Worth of Game continues the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year’s award tour after compiling arguably the most productive and successful rookie campaign in league history. The No. 2 overall draft pick led the Houston Texans to the AFC South divisional title while setting multiple NFL records, including most passing yards by a rookie and most consecutive passing attempts without an interception.

	Watch CJ Stroud’s Million Dollaz Worth of Game episode below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.