The 2023 NFL season officially concluded Sunday, and that means the focus can shift heavily towards the 2024 NFL Draft and the rest of the league's offseason.
Chad Reuter of NFL.com released a three-round mock draft Monday, which saw multiple teams nab quarterbacks of the future and others capitalize on high draft picks in order to secure more draft capital.
Reuter projects that the Chicago Bears would decide to move on from Justin Fields and select Caleb Williams with the No. 1 pick in the draft. He projected that the Bears could find a trade partner in the New England Patriots and that Chicago could potentially swap first-round picks with the Patriots in the deal.
"In my forecast, the Bears send Fields to New England," Reuter wrote. "The Patriots would swap first-round selections with Chicago this year and also give up a 2024 fourth-round pick and a conditional 2025 pick in the deal, similar to the trade between the Packers and Jets for Aaron Rodgers last year."
This means that the Patriots would deal the No. 3 pick, a 2024 fourth-round pick and a conditional 2025 pick for Fields and the No. 9 pick in the draft.
He also projected that the Washington Commanders would select LSU quarterback Jayden Daniels with the second pick, Chicago would snag Ohio State wide receiver Marvin Harrison Jr. with the No. 3 pick and the Denver Broncos would make a trade with the Arizona Cardinals for the No. 4 pick and take North Carolina quarterback Drake Maye.
"With Harrison off the board, the Cardinals acquire a 2025 first-round pick, along with a third-rounder this year, to swap places with Denver," Reuter wrote. "Head coach Sean Payton gets his new quarterback."
That means that Arizona would move down to No. 12 and acquire draft capital for a top-five selection for the second consecutive season.
Further down the list, Reuter projected that the Las Vegas Raiders would select Michigan quarterback J.J. McCarthy with the No. 13 selection. That would put the 2023 CFP National Champion in the same division as his former head coach Jim Harbaugh, who departed Michigan for the Los Angeles Chargers last month.
Other notable projections include Georgia tight end Brock Bowers going to the Chargers, Oregon quarterback Bo Nix heading to the Minnesota Vikings and Washington quarterback Michael Penix Jr. going to the Seattle Seahawks.
The 2024 NFL Draft is scheduled for April 25-27.