The Rod Ryan Show is a Houston, Texas radio show broadcasting 6-10 a.m. weekdays on 94.5 The Buzz. It's the most interactive show in radio, covering...Full Bio
It might surprise you that Marvin Gaye is NOT the artist of choice to GET IT ON. But now we know who it is. 
A study asked more than 1,000 people about the music they listen to during sex, and analyzed Spotify playlists.
Here are the Top 10 artists:
1.  The Weeknd
2.  Kanye West 
3.  Deftones
Read More HERE
Stone Temple Pilots will celebrate the 30th anniversary of their acclaimed album “Purple” with a special tour this summer, performing the entire album each night from August 16th to September 15th. Co-headlining with “+Live+,” the tour kicks off in Concord, California, and wraps in Indianapolis, Indiana. In addition to the live performances, Rhino has launched an interactive online hub featuring exclusive content and a retro driving game inspired by "Interstate Love Song." The band, consisting of Dean DeLeo, Robert DeLeo, Eric Kretz, and Jeff Gutt, recorded most of “Purple” in Atlanta in 1994 with producer Brendan O’Brien. The album debuted at number one on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, solidifying Stone Temple Pilots' place in rock history.  full schedule here.
8/22- Houston, TX
Buy Tickets HERE
Coldplay surprised fans in Athens by debuting a new, unreleased song titled “All My Love” during their concert Sunday night at the Olympic Stadium. During this special performance of their “Music Of The Spheres Tour,” Chris Martin introduced the song solo at the piano, explaining it was meant for a September release but decided to share it early. He then asked the audience to treat it as a private rehearsal, adding, “It would be better if you didn’t put this on the internet. I know that is difficult to ask. But we [want] you to treat this like a rehearsal between us.” The song, reminiscent of their 2005 hit “Fix You,” explores the resilience of a supportive relationship through various challenges.
Read More HERE
Read More HERE