By EVE BUCKLAND and GEORGE STARK FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:38, 17 January 2024   |  Updated:  16:42, 18 January 2024   
 2.4k
View  comments
Kanye West has had all his teeth removed and replaced with titanium dentures in his latest shock move.
The rapper, 46, who is being sued for allegedly hitting an autograph seeker in 2022, proudly flashed his pointy new smile in an Instagram post - in which he likened himself to iconic James Bond villain, Jaws, who appeared in The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker.
In an exclusive photo obtained by DailyMail.com, West's lavish new dentures - which a source revealed are 'more expensive than diamonds' and were designed by the star himself - were shown.
The implant is a new surgical model and is unique to the musician - with the total cost rumored to be an eye-watering $850,000.
The star's new dentures were fitted by Dr Thomas Connelly in Beverly Hills alongside Naoki Hayashi, Master Dental Technician.
After previously stating on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2010 that he had his entire bottom row of teeth removed, an insider tells DM: 'Ye has had the bulk of his teeth shaved down to little tombstones, which is standard procedure for veneers.' 
Kanye West has had all his teeth removed and replaced with titanium dentures in his latest shock move
The star is seen flashing his smile before the implant was fitted 
In an exclusive photo obtained by DailyMail.com, West's lavish new dentures - which a source revealed are 'more expensive than diamonds' - were shown
Connelly told DailyMail.com: 'Ye was a pleasure to work with every step of the process. His vision for designing unique art transcends the dental progression. The marriage of his vision with dental science has created a new look that is epic!'
Back in 2010 the rapper showed off the sparkling diamond and gold implants to chat show host Ellen DeGeneres - which he claimed had replaced his entire bottom row of teeth.
'I just thought that diamonds were cooler,' he told her, saying he asked the dentist to remove his bottom row of teeth and replace them.
A fascinated Ellen asked: 'It's not a grill?'
Kanye replied: 'It's really my real teeth. I replaced my bottom row of teeth.
'I guess there's just certain things that rock stars are supposed to do.'
His earlier claims to have replaced his teeth were met with scepticism, with Kanye's fans doubting that even he would do such a thing. 
West, was dropped by Adidas, Gap and Balenciaga after he went on a series of anti-Semitic rants in October 2022.
The star compared himself to James villain Jaws (right) with his new look
Back in 2010 the rapper showed off the sparkling diamond and gold implants to chat show host Ellen DeGeneres - which he claimed had replaced his entire bottom row of teeth.
'I just thought that diamonds were cooler,' he told her, saying he asked the dentist to remove his bottom row of teeth and replace them
The star is married to Bianca Censori who recently marked her 29th birthday 
It was recently revealed he owes more than $1 million in unpaid taxes.
DailyMail.com discovered that his clothing firm, Yeezy Apparel, LLC, has had four active tax liens filed against it over the last three years for unpaid business taxes totaling $934,033.56.
Records show he owes an additional $101,093 in property taxes on two homes he owned with his ex-wife.
The total tax bill come to $1,035,126.56.
It remains to be seen whether he'll pay the hefty sum any time soon as the penalties continue racking up.
The POWER rapper may be trying to liquidate some of his assets.
It was revealed last month that the Malibu oceanfront property West bought for $57 million in September 2021 was being put up for sale for $4 million less.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group