Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
TalkTV, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch, is set to go off air in the summer, just two years after its launch. 
This decision comes after Piers Morgan left TalkTV and moved his show, Uncensored, to YouTube for good. Scott Taunton, the President of broadcasting for TalkTV, has announced plans to move the channel online. 
As reported by The Mirror, he told staff: "Two years ago, we would not have been brave enough to launch a channel without a linear presence, but audiences of all ages have moved fast and smartphones are now the primary device where news is consumed. We need to adapt to this as a priority.
"We are therefore intending that Talk comes off linear television from early summer and our focus will be on streaming. Talk will continue broadcasting as a livestreaming news and opinion channel, distributing through streaming platforms to include YouTube, Amazon Fire, Samsung, LG and others.
"A large proportion of our live viewing is already through streaming on televisions and we intend to continue to grow this. Clips will continue to be shared through social media. There is no doubt over Talk's future as an audio and video channel, it just won't be distributed on linear. Radio on DAB continues unchanged too," he concluded in the briefing.
It comes after Piers Morgan said he was leaving TalkTV as he felt working on his show on terrestrial TV was like "an increasingly unnecessary straightjacket".
"There's something quite anachronistic about a show like mine still trying to create old fashioned TV for a pre-scheduled time slot each night for a relatively small audience - when we're getting such gigantic audiences digitally," Piers said to Semafor.
He explained that his chat with Rishi Sunak was watched by "viewed by more than 50,000 people on TalkTV but by more than five times as many on YouTube." Later, he told The Times: "I could happily interview Elon Musk for three or four hours tomorrow and the audience would lap it up.
"But the nightly restriction of having to go into a studio at 8pm when sometimes there is nothing happening and literally fill time? Nobody wants that. Piers' talk with Egyptian comedian Bassem Youssef about Israel and Hamas got 22 million views and his talks with Andrew Tate, Kanye West, and Cristiano Ronaldo got 14 million, 8.7 million, and 5.7 million views each.