The "Gucci Gang" MC proudly showed off ink of the one-term prez's mug.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Lil Pump is Team MAGA forever. The “Gucci Gang” rapper and devoted follower of former president Donald Trump proved his fealty to the one-term Republican party leader once again by getting one of the most famous images of the one-time Apprentice star inked onto his leg.

	In an Instagram post on Tuesday (Jan. 30) Pump (born Gazzy Garcia), 23, showed off the scowling likeness of The Donald on his left upper thigh, a recreation of the instantly viral mugshot taken when Trump was arrested and booked in Fulton County, Georgia last August after surrendering to authorities in connection with his indictment over alleged attempts to overturn the results of the 2022 election in the state; the indictment is one of four — totaling 91 felony charges — that the current GOP presidential front-runner is facing as he makes his third bid for the White House.

	










	“MAGA [two American flag emoji],” Pump wrote alongside the image, which also featured an older shot of a smiling Pump posing next to Trump at a rally. In a post from November featuring the same image of Pump and Trump, the rapper referred to the real estate mogul as the “Greatest president of all time.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Pump has been touting his Trump support for nearly four years, dating back to Oct. 2020 when he posted a video attacking President Biden’s proposed tax policy aimed at making the rich pay more of their share, followed by the release of the Trump-pumping song “Lil Pimp Big MAGA Steppin.” Trump invited MAGA-hat-wearing Pump onto the stage at a rally in Michigan just before polls opened in the 2020 election (where he erroneously referred him as “Lil Pimp“), though the Smoking Gun reported at the time that the then-20-year-old rapper was not eligible to vote for the first time because he failed to register in his home state of Florida in time.

	Pump’s mugshot memorial is just the latest hip-hop endorsement for Trump, following on the heels of Chicago rapper Bandman Kevo, who also got the first-ever presidential booking photo tatted on his leg last August. Trump has also gotten endorsements or words of praise from rappers Benny the Butcher, Sexyy Red, Kodak Black and, most famously, disgraced MC Ye [formerly known as Kanye West], who visited Trump in the White House in Nov. 2002 along with Holocaust denying white nationalist Nick Fuentes during what became West’s monthslong spree of hateful antisemitic public statements.

	










	Just this week, Snoop Dogg said after years of beef, he has “nothing but love and respect” for Trump thanks to one of the former president’s final acts: the last-minute clemency grant to Death Row Records co-founder Michael “Harry-O” Harris in the waning minutes of the former president’s single term in office.

	See Pump’s Trump tat below.
A post shared by Pump (@lilpump)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.