By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  13:59, 14 December 2024   |  Updated:  14:03, 14 December 2024   
 9
View  comments
Julia Fox is visiting Australia for the first time to attend NGV Gala 2024 at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne.
And the US actress had nothing by praise for the Victorian city, saying it was her 'favourite city' that she's 'ever been to in her life'. 
The 34-year-old told Vogue Australia for a TikTok video on the pink carpet for the fashion event that she had fallen in love with Melbourne's cuisine.
'Can we talk about the food for a second?' she said, before adding that she had to have her custom Catholic Guilt dress expanded after gorging on local produce. 
'When we had my fitting three days ago, my dress fit. And today, we had some trouble' she quipped. 
Julia went on to say that she loves Australia's medical system. 
Julia Fox (pictured) is visiting Australia for the first time to attend NGV Gala 2024 at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne and had positive things to say
'The people are amazing and free healthcare... a lot of things we don't have back home, sadly' the American said. 
Julia ensured all eyes were on her on Saturday as she made a grand entrance at the NGV Gala 2024 at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne.
The 34-year-old it girl flaunted her bold look in a mermaid inspired look consisting of a chainmail style gown with intricate silver beading, designed by Catholic Guilt's Ella Jackson.
The jaw-dropping frock featured a plunging neckline and torn style cutouts with a short train that trailed on the pink carpet.
Julia matched the frock to her grey locks that she wore in a half up do with a metallic hairband in her waved hair.
For makeup, the influencer chose a glamorous palette with a pale lipstick and heavily lined eyes.
She kept the high fashion energy with her incredible stacked heels in an animal print cherry red leather and carried a hand mirror. 
The US actress had nothing by praise for the Victorian capital, saying it was her 'favourite city' that she's 'ever been to in her life'
'Can we talk about the food for a second?' she said, before adding that she had to have her custom Catholic Guilt dress expanded after gorging on local produce
'When we had my fitting three days ago, my dress fit. And today, we had some trouble' she quipped
Julia finished the look with a chain purse that matched her dress and extra long silver nails.
The bombshell confidently and enthusiastically rocked her bold look at the exclusive event, in which she looked like a villainous character from a Disney movie. 
The Uncut Gems star carried over her bold look into her fashion accessories and at one point she turned heads as she was spotted carrying a chandelier.
It looked to be a fun outing for the glamorous Italian-born star, who continued to turn heads with her cutting-edge fashion choices. 
Julia is a mother-of-one and gave birth to her son Valentino, now three, in January 2021. 
She shares her toddler with her ex-husband Peter Artemiev — with whom she was married from 2018 to 2020.
In September, Julia responded to pregnancy rumours after she shared a video of her with a burgeoning baby bump. 
The actress took to her Instagram Stories to show off her belly while she was in a trailer on the set of an undisclosed, upcoming project.
Julia went on to say that she loves Australia's medical system. Pictured with fashion designer Ella Jackson
'The people are amazing and free healthcare... a lot of things we don't have back home, sadly' the American said
Julia ensured all eyes were on her on Saturday as she made a grand entrance at the NGV Gala 2024 at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne
In the clip, she wore a fitted white T-shirt, which she lifted to showcase her bump, and a pair of matching boxer shorts.
The social media personality - who revealed several months ago that she had been celibate for over two years — captioned her video: 'Oops.'
After sharing the clip and surprising her fans, she clarified and addressed the pregnancy speculation with another post.
Over a blank background, she wrote in all caps: 'Omg its for a movie!! THE BELLY IS NOT REAL!!!' 
The model did not provide any additional details about her project.
In August, however, it was revealed that Fox would be working on a LGBTQ romantic comedy titled Perfect.
In the movie, she would playing a 'wealthy pregnant woman who is living out an escapist fantasy as she falls in love with a younger woman,' according to Variety. 
It comes a few weeks after fans were buzzing after Fox introduced Charli XCX ahead of her performance on Saturday Night Live.
The moment sent social media into a frenzy, as Charli's 2024 megahit 360 features a lyric that references Fox: 'I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia.'
The track pays homage to Julia, who has become a cultural phenomenon since her breakout role in Uncut Gems and her headline-grabbing romance with Kanye West following his divorce from Kim Kardashian.
Fox stole the spotlight on in Studio 8-H in a daring black leather bra and edgy football-inspired outfit while introducing Charli.
Viewers quickly labeled the collaboration 'iconic' and 'so special.'
The Uncut Gems star carried over her bold look into her fashion accessories

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group