02.23.24
Legalized Press-titution – MSNBC
The media imploring the media to leave Joe Biden alone is just too precious.
On MSNBC (no surprise), there was a rather dysfunctional exchange to be seen on "Morning Joe" (even less of a surprise). The host was bringing up the topic of why MAGA Republicans hate this country. Really? Someone on MSNBC is leveling that accusation?!
Scar-Joe asked about this to the visiting Claire McCaskill, and after rambling for a bit about how great the country is, she spun off to a wild proclamation:
Can I make a suggestion? I move that every newspaper in America quits doing any fact-checks on Joe Biden, until they fact-check Donald Trump every morning on the front page. It is RIDICULOUS that the New York Times fact-checks Joe Biden on something!
That is a member of the anti-disinformation, truth-first media wailing that journalists dare to even approach something that resembles doing their professed jobs and cover Biden with a modicum of objectivity.
UNHINGED: Former Democrat Senator Claire McCaskill @clairecmc on MSNBC: "I move that every newspaper in America quits doing any fact-checks on Joe Biden." pic.twitter.com/QZ0PuLEAI3
DNC PR Firm – NBC NEWS
That guy might do the things this guy has been doing!
NBC News issues a dire warning about what could happen if Donald Trump were to regain the White House – some people fear they could be targeted legally. Names like Alexander Vindman and others who formerly had connections to the administration but now oppose the man state that they are making alternate plans in case he is reelected because they could become targeted.
You know, like the manner in which the current president has the DOJ targeting Trump with an array of indictments.
For those who have criticized former President Trump, fears of retribution grow as he campaigns for re-election.Interviews with a dozen people who’ve run afoul of Trump reveal deep concern, with some planning to leave the country if he wins. https://t.co/0I4T1J6bzQ
Low Octane Gas Lighting – POLITICO
Tell us more about how the country was not founded on the principle of God-given rights.
At Politico, Heidi Przybyla covered the activities of Russell Vought, president of The Center for Renewing America, and how this ties in with the concept of Christian Nationalism. She also made an appearance on MSNBC to further explain her positions, and she did herself no favors. In her attempt to criticize the position of the Christian nationalists – that they believe our rights come from the Creator, not an earthly authority – she shows her ignorance of how that is the phrase used in our founding documents.
Amazing.Politico National Investigative Correspondent @HeidiReports says Christian Nationalists – but not Christians – are united by a belief "that our rights as Americans, as all human beings, don't come from any earthly authority... They come from God” pic.twitter.com/vSMWe1nedR
Both Kinds of Standards – MSNBC
It's wrong for them to have a platform, he says from his privileged platform.
In an amazing dose of delusional obliviousness, Stephanie Ruhle had on her show Bill Cohan to discuss the bothersome trait of wealthy men coming out and voicing their opinions on topics. Ruhle was particularly incensed about this taking place:
Whether it’s Bill Ackman or  Elon Musk,  how is it that they can stand up and weigh in on anything with no consequences?
Understand how warped this segment is: She brings on Cohan, complaining about rich guys leveraging social capital, as he is a multi-millionaire coming on MSNBC to voice his opinion. Additionally, he is the founder of Puck News, making his mewling even more asinine.
“Even if they got canceled, it wouldn’t change their life one bit.”Billionaires are finding new ways to turn their financial capital into social capital – by flexing their power on social media. @WilliamCohan joins us to discuss. pic.twitter.com/Iu1TETxR0Z
Pathological Media Amnesia – VARIOUS OUTLETS
Running to report the contents, just not so excited to detail how they got them.
In October 2022, the media-scape caught fire when leaked behind-the-scenes videos from Fox News were released. These concerned Tucker Carlson and had been provided to Vice News and Media Matters for America, showing the host in between segment off-air conversations as well as the controversial comments by Kanye West edited out of his interview on Tucker's show.
Now, an arrest has been made of Florida media consultant Tim Burke for illegally accessing the Fox News files. His lawyers argue that he was not hacking the video portals but had gained access through hyperlinks and other publicly available channels.
#Florida media consultant @bubbaprog charged Thursday with 14 federal crimes related to alleged computer hacks at Fox News. https://t.co/b5qr8wZ0lO via @JustinGarciaFL, @TimesDan & @JayCridlin
Reporting on the Mirror – VICE NEWS
Another digital log is tossed onto the media pyre.
Speaking of Vice Media, the story going around is that it is imminently laying off a tremendous amount of staff and shutting down its news site. Television production is at least remaining in effect for the meantime.
BREAKING: Vice Media said it would stop publishing content on its flagship website and plans to cut hundreds of jobs - WSJ

                            Townhall.com is the leading source for conservative news and political commentary and analysis.

                        

                            Copyright © Townhall.com/Salem Media.
                            All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you