Kim Kardashian has reportedly demanded Bianca Censori “cover up” in front of her children.
Kim and Kanye West’s new wife are said to have an “amicable” relationship, but according to sources who spoke to Daily Mail, she is under strict orders not to go nearly naked in front of North, Saint, Chicago or Psalm. The source said: “Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids.
“She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.” Bianca’s eye-catching outfits have been the talk of the town for months, with her recently stepping out in what looked like a poster board with no bra underneath and only tiny straps to keep the garment in place.
READ MORE: Billie Eilish sniffs own armpit in racy ‘X-ray’ snaps after posing in skimpy corset
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
She’s also gone naked under see-through raincoats, donned black strings as bras, and covered her front with toy stuffed animals to protect her modesty – often while Kanye covers up head-to-toe, with even his face concealed.
That’s after he reportedly enforced “rules” on his ex-wife Kim in 2019, with a source claiming to RadarOnline: “He used to be all about showing off Kim’s sex appeal, but he’s turned conservative all of a sudden and he now visibly cringes when he sees her leave the house showing too much skin.”
They added he “trie[d] to rein her in as if she’s a teenage girl, demanding that she ‘can’t go out looking like that’.” Kanye had a swift conversion to devout Christianity around the same time, even banning people working on his records from having pre-marital sex.
He showed his distaste for Kim’s dress sense in one episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians, raging at Kim: “Like the corset, underwear, all that vibe, I just feel like I just went through this transition of being a rapper, and lookin’ at all these girls and looking at my wife like ‘Oh, my girl needs to be just like all the other girls, showing her body off’…
“I didn’t realise that that was affecting like my soul and my spirit as someone that’s married and loved…” Kim pointed out at the time: “You built me up to be a sexy person and have confidence! Just because you’re on a journey and you’re in a transformation doesn’t mean I’m in the same spot with you.”
Now it’s been alleged that Kanye also has “rules” for Bianca, with one source claiming to the Mail that they include “never speaking” and “wear what he wants her to wear”. The source added: “She is also required to eat certain food items and to work out even though Kanye doesn’t work out.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
But according to one body language expert who spoke to Daily Star, Bianca is really the one “running the show”. Inbaal Honigman told us: “Bianca's body language is actually sociable and playful as she arranges her unusual outfit. The signs that her confidence is running the show are many. She's dancing playfully before and after adjusting her clothes, she's bopping and wiggling to the beat. This signifies peace of mind and happiness.
"She also flicks her eyes between Kanye and the camera, lowering and raising her lashes in a flirty way. At the exact moment of adjustment, two body language signs stand out. First, Bianca's pinky fingers jut out - an elegant move, like drinking from a teacup with the pinky out. This shows that she feels refined, as if all eyes are on her, and she likes it.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.