By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:19, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  22:45, 29 February 2024   
 281
View  comments
Kanye West is again publicly airing his disagreements over parenting with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
The 46-year-old rapper took to Instagram late on Wednesday night to beg the 43-year-old reality star to remove their children from the exclusive private elementary school that they currently attend.
'Kim take my kids out of Sierra Canyon now it’s a fake school for celebrities that are used by "the system,"' he wrote in all capital letters.
Kanye, who founded his own unaccredited Christian school Donda Academy in 2022, cryptically explained what the 'system' was in his accompanying comment, which also suggested that his relationship with his two youngest children is lacking.
'At this point everybody knows what “the system” is code word for [wide eyes emoji],' he began. 
Kanye West is again publicly airing his disagreements over parenting with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian; seen in September 2022 in NYC
The 46-year-old rapper took to Instagram late on Wednesday night to bed the 43-year-old reality star to remove their children from the exclusive private elementary school that they currently attend; pictured together in 2020 in Paris
West urged his ex to take their kids out of Sierra Canyon and claimed the 'system' had taken his kids from him. He also claimed his oldest two had a stronger bond with him
'I was removed from my dad by the system and the system removed me from my children,' he claimed, though a judge awarded Kim and Kanye joint custody with 'equal access' to their children at the conclusion of their custody battle. 
'When the system drafts athletes they avoid working with those who have their father in their life because they are harder to manipulate,' he continued, without evidence. 
The rapper concluded by claiming: 'My two oldest know they daddy is.'
West shares four children with his ex: North, 10; Saint, eight; Chicago, six; and Psalm, four.
When the Monster rapper is seen with his children, he is most often accompanied by his eldest, North, and sometimes by Saint, though public appearances with Chicago and Psalm are far rarer.
North even made a guest appearance on his latest album, the Ty Dolla Sign collaborative LP Vultures 1, which was released earlier this month.
West has previously clashed with Kardashian about the school their children attend, and he has pushed to have them go to his Donda Academy instead.
They previously had worked out a compromise in which the children would attend Sierra Canyon for the school day, then go to West's school for choir practice.
In 2022, Kim began paying for Sierra Canyon to hire additional security in response to her ex-husband's controversial and offensive comments, including several antisemitic outbursts.
However, she made it clear that she wasn't concerned about West harming the children, but she feared for their safety after he publicly named their school during a rant about their education.
Shortly after his antisemitic outbursts in late 2022, the Donda Academy announced that it was abruptly closing until the start of the following school year.
The private school, which is named after the rapper's late mother Donda West, later said in an email to parents that it was reopening the following day, but the school's current status is unclear.
Parents of the school claimed they are required to sign non-disclosure agreements for their children attend, though a consultant for the school later claimed that the agreements are only 'informal.'
West shares four children with his ex: North, 10; Saint, eight; Chicago, six; and Psalm, four; seen with North and Saint in 2019 in NYC
They previously had worked out a compromise in which the kids attended Sierra Canyon for the school day, then went to Donda Academy for choir practice. It's unclear if Donda Academy is currently open
West previously clashed over schooling. He claimed Sierra Canyon 'indoctrinates' students and urged Kim to let them attend Donda Academy full time; seen in September 2023 in Milan
Donda Academy charges $15,000 per year in tuition and reportedly requires students to wear all-black Balenciaga uniforms while banning any Nike or Adidas clothing; seen in 2019 in NYC 
Families are required to pay $15,000 for yearly tuition, and students are reportedly required to wear all-black Balenciaga uniforms.
West also reportedly required all student classes to be concentrated on the first floor of the school due to a fear of stairs, and he had stipulations that Nike and Adidas clothing wasn't allowed for the students, two former staffers suing the school claimed in their lawsuit.
The hitmaker previously claimed in a 2022 conversation with right-wing pundit Tucker Carlson that the administration at Sierra Canyon tries to 'indoctrinate' students.
West admitted earlier that year that Kardashian raises their children '80 percent of the time,' despite being granted equal access to the kids.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group