Kanye West has shared another racy snap of wife Bianca Censori as she poses in a 'WET' tshirt and a tiny black micro thong.
The rapper shared the picture of his architect spouse posing in the bathroom as she leaned against the bathtub in the skimpy outfit paired with a pair of black heels. The outfit also sees her pose with what bizarrely appears to be a grey fluffy bath mat or rug on top of her head, obscuring her face from view, as he shared a link to buy her top for £16 on his website.
The snap isn't unusual from Kanye, as he's previously shared snaps of Bianca serving up some racy looks, including some nip slips and some cheek-revealing bottoms. His Instagram posts included one that declared 2024 was the year of "no pants" as Bianca wore a revealing thong. In some of her outfits, she kept up the no-bottoms look as she posed with a black corset that only barely covered up anything. As the corset only rose to her midriff, she matched it with a bikini style top that hardly covered her nipples with some thin strips holding the piece together.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West's social media is wipe branded as 'PR stunt' after wife Bianca snap scandal
The Instagram story photo comes as Kanye recently wiped his account of all content, including the recent pictures of Bianca in various skimpy or risqué outfits. However, the star is no stranger to the dramatic move as he's deleted his posts like this consistently in the past ahead of big announcements are simply when he wanted to pop out of the public eye.
Whilst the reason for wiping the Instagram grid clean hasn't been shared, it could be down to the backlash that Kanye has received for sharing the revealing pictures of his wife. Fans hit back at the images when shared online, as they label it "controlling" and "abuse".
Reports have also emerged that claim that Kanye has now banned Bianca from using social media herself. An insider told the Daily Mail: "He is pushing her nakedness all over his own [account] so that he can control her narrative. It is disturbing, and by shutting her off from the world he is causing her to become more and more isolated."
Bianca was previously using social media and was active on platforms such as Instagram until she married Kanye in December 2022 after a whirlwind romance, and just weeks after his divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalised.
Bianca’s friends and family staged an intervention last year after growing increasingly concerned about her husband’s erratic behaviour, and they’re now worried she is “trapped” in her marriage to the award-winning rapper. “She is wearing what he wants, going where he wants and doing what he wants because she really has no other choice,” they claimed.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.