Rory Thompson, Streaming Producer, Jacksonville 
Published: February 29, 2024 at 1:00 PM
Rory Thompson, Streaming Producer, Jacksonville 
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. – Just over one week into Black History Month in 2024, hundreds of people came to the historic Fort Mose in St. Augustine to listen to one of hip-hop’s most legendary acts: Common.
Common is a rapper, actor, and activist from the legendary hip-hop city of Chicago.
Recommended Videos
Chicago is home to rappers like Kanye West, Da Brat, Chance the Rapper, and Chief Keef. The city also has a rich music history outside of hip-hop. From being the birthplace of house music to its rich blues history to its impact on rock and punk music, the city of Chicago is one of the biggest music cities of the Midwest.
Common is a three-time Grammy award winner. Common is also only a Tony Award win away from joining the exclusive EGOT club. To win an EGOT, someone must win an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. He also has ties to the Sunshine State as he attended Florida A&M University in Tallahassee.
Common has been rapping for over three decades and has a list of achievements that rivals some of the best artists of all time. And even with 14 albums under his belt, there seems to be no end in sight for Common.
As a younger fan of hip-hop myself, I did not necessarily grow up listening to Common’s music. But, I knew who he was and I listened to artists influenced by him like Chance the Rapper and Noname, both of whom are from Chicago. Eventually, I went back to listen to Common’s discography and fell in love with his style of hip-hop that blended 808s with jazz and funk with conscious lyrics that spoke to the Black experience in America. All of Common’s artistry was on display in St. Augustine on Feb. 8.
The Chicago rapper took the crowd at Fort Mose on trip through hip-hop history.
Common performed hits from his catalog like “Go!”, “The Light”, “Love Is...”, and “Come Close.” He also performed a medley of hip-hop hits, such as “C.R.E.A.M” (Cash Rules Everything Around Me) by Wu-Tang and “Juicy” by The Notorious B.I.G., as an ode to the 50th anniversary of the genre. The rapper performed all of this effortlessly, with seamless transitions and near-perfect breath control. Common showed the crowd how a living hip-hop legend could deliver a legendary performance with over 30 years in the game.
Throughout his performance, Common spoke of the Black experience and the history of Black people in America. It seemed very fitting to have the conscious rapper open The Fort Mose Jazz & Blues Series. The music series celebrates the combination of Black history, community and music. The music series is located at Fort Mose, the site of the first legally sanctioned free African settlement in the United States.
Beginning in 2022, the Fort Mose Jazz & Blues Series has brought some of the biggest acts in music history to the historic Fort Mose. Artists such as Gregory Porter, The Legendary Count Basie Orchestra, Gladys Knight, Mavis Staples, and Keb’ Mo’ have all graced the stage during the music series.
In January, the Fort Mose Historical Society and the Florida State Parks Foundation hosted a groundbreaking ceremony for the reconstruction of Fort Mose. The reconstruction of Fort Mose will allow for future generations to learn about the history of Fort Mose authentically. The reconstruction is expected to be completed in late 2024.
For more information on Fort Mose, visit their website.
Copyright 2024 by WJXT News4JAX - All rights reserved.
email
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WJXT / WCWJ
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
WJXT Public File
WJXT EEO Report
WCWJ Public File
WCWJ EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801
At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.