Kanye West continues to flaunt new wife Bianca Censori in public, but this time fans are calling him out for "humiliating" her.
In a new video, the rapper paraded through a Las Vegas casino with his wife on his arm. Bianca wore a teeny tiny black bikini which her breasts spilled out over the sides as the fabric just barely covered her nipples. She added a cover up skirt and kept her short black hair slicked back.
Bianca went without shoes or socks as she traversed the hotel-casino's red carpet while onlookers marveled at the pair. Kanye was dressed much more modestly.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kardashian critics embarrassed for Kim as she shamelessly copies Bianca Censori
Kanye wore a black long-sleeve top with a slate gray pair of trousers. Unlike his lover, Kanye opted for a pair of black shoes and accessorized with a silver chain necklace.
Fans on a Kardashian Reddit board zeroed in on one detail that bothered them - Bianca's bare feet. One fan noted that the former architect "lost her mind and her shoes." Another added: "Gross. Imagine walking barefoot on carpet in a casino."
The fans were perplexed by this choice from the socialite. One said: "I don't care how rich you are but you should never walk around Vegas barefoot! I'm just imagining her stepping on tiny pieces of glass."
The bare feet weren't the only things catching people's attention, though. Some fans were speculating about her outfit overall and whether or not Kanye wanted Bianca wearing the coverup. Recently, he made a post including a pants-less photo of his wife and captioned it "no pants this year."
When Bianca stepped out with her bum covered up, it seemed to go against the directive the rapper already made. A contending theory is that the casino "made Bianca wear the shorts against Kanye's worst wishes."
Other fans thought the entire outing was "humiliating" for Bianca. They weren't impressed by her outfit or sex appeal. A fan called the entire outfit "goofy" and another agreed, writing: "Right?! She’s got an amazing body, [a] beautiful face, but somehow manages to look goofy to put it kindly."
The incident comes after months of scandalous, risque, and odd outfits from Bianca which many fans believe to be styled by Kanye himself. In recent weeks, he has gone on a posting spree, primarily of photos of his wife in scantily clad looks. In a post where Bianca was more conservatively dressed than usual, Kanye captioned it: "I miss you when I wake up before you."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.