Patti Smith was “moved” by the sweet shout-out from Taylor Swift for her latest album, “The Tortured Poets Department.”
The influential singer, 77, took to Instagram over the weekend, sharing two black-and-white pics of herself reading a book by Welsh poet and writer Dylan Thomas.
The photo referenced Swift’s title track, in which she sings, “I laughed in your face and said, ‘You’re not Dylan Thomas / I’m not Patti Smith / This ain’t the Chelsea Hotel / We’re modern idiots.’”
Smith, who wrote a memoir called “Just Kids“ about her time living in the Chelsea Hotel with photographer Robert Mapplethorpe, said she was touched by it.
“This is saying I was moved to be mentioned in the company of the great Welsh poet Dylan Thomas,” the “Because the Night” singer captioned her post. “Thank you, Taylor.”
This is not the first time Smith, a poet, has publicly praised the Grammy winner.
“She’s a pop star who’s under tremendous scrutiny all the time, and one can’t imagine what that’s like,” Smith mused in a 2019 interview with The New York Times.
“It’s unbelievable to not be able to go anywhere, do anything, have messy hair.”
She continued, “And I’m sure that she’s trying to do something good. She’s not trying to do something bad. And if it influences some of her avid fans to open up their thoughts, what does it matter?”
Smith and Thomas, who died in 1953, are just two of the many people Swift name-dropped in the various tracks featured on her eleventh studio album.
For more Page Six you love…
The “Cruel Summer” singer, 34, also mentioned Charlie Puth, Lucy Dacus from Boygenius and her frequent music collaborator Jack Antonoff.
Swifties are also convinced that she penned songs about former boyfriends Joe Alwyn, Matty Healy and John Mayer, whom she dated prior to her current relationship with NFL star Travis Kelce.
Fans are also convinced that Swift’s song “Cassandra” was inspired by the singer’s protracted feud with Kanye West and Kim Kardashian.
“They knew, they knew, they knew the whole time … the family, the pure greed, the Christian chorus line,” she sings on the track, seemingly referencing the Kardashian family’s immense wealth and West’s Sunday Service ceremonies.
“They all said nothing / Blood’s thick but nothing like a payroll / Bet they never spared a prayer for my soul / You can mark my words that I said it first / In a morning warning, no one heard.”
The pop star has feuded with West on and off for years, ever since he infamously interrupted her on stage as she was accepting an award at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards over Beyoncé. Swift’s relationship with the rapper turned sour again in 2016 over the lyrics to his song “Famous” and a phone call leaked by Kardashian at the time.
Advertisement