On Taylor Swift’s new album The Tortured Poets Department, one of her songs titled “thanK you aIMee” seemed to address an old feud with SKIMS founder Kim Kardashian. Even the title alludes to their long standing conflict with capitalized letters spelling out “KIM.” Clearly, Swift has been thinking about her former friend for some time, but a source tells US Weekly that this will be her last word on the matter.
“Taylor has moved on and is not looking back,” they said. “The song is her final word.”
The insider added that the Eras Tour star “has not heard” from Kardashian about the song, which contains lyrics about a bully named Aimee who “threatens to push me down the stairs” and “wrote headlines in the local paper, laughing at each baby step I’d take.”
The original conflict began in 2016 when Kardashian released a recording on Snapchat that seemed to show Swift approving a lyric in Kanye West’s song “Famous” where he says he “made that b-tch famous.” Swift has denied approving the lyric and the full phone call release was an incident that caused quite a stir on social media.  
Swift told TIME that Kardashian’s actions took a psychological toll on her.
“You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar,” she said. “That took me down psychologically to a place I’ve never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn’t leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls. I pushed away most people in my life because I didn’t trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard.”
In the track “thanK you aIMee,” the Aimee in question is eventually triumphed over, leaving Swift the victor in the narrative.
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.