ByAnne Easton
ByAnne Easton,
 Contributor. 
"Independent Lens - One Person, One Vote?" is available for streaming on the PBS app and on YouTube.
“I can tell you how I feel about the Electoral College. I've been an elector for five presidential elections, but I oppose the Electoral College. I think it's totally undemocratic. And I've been speaking against the Electoral College for years now.”
This is Polly Baca, a former member of the Colorado House of Representatives and the Colorado Senate, is currently a Democratic Elector for the state.
She is featured in the PBS documentary Independent Lens - One Person, One Vote?
Most individuals think that we, the people, get to elect the president. Well, the truth is, sort of, but not really.
Despite the enormous amount of attention being paid to the presidential election, it's a little astonishing how little reporting there is on the Electoral College, its history and how it works. One Person, One Vote? sets out to change that by looking at four 2020 presidential electors, a Republican, a Democrat, a Green, and of course, a Kanye West elector, all of whose motivations range from the noble to somewhat absurd.
Maximina Juson, director, producer, and editor of the project says, “This film is specifically about the Electoral College, and the Electoral College is the method by which we elect the highest official in the land. But yet most of us, no matter what level of education you have, do not understand how it works, nor know why we have it in the first place. And so this is a really huge, vast, sweeping pain point among our electorate. We deserve to understand, to know this information. Why don't we? Why hasn't a documentary about the Electoral College already been made? I mean, it's mind-boggling.”
She adds, “When I set out to make this film and I did the research and saw that the story hadn't been told, the tagline [became] ‘The Untold Story of the Electoral College.’”
Baca elaborates on her opposition to the system as she says,
“We are a democracy and every single vote counts at all levels of our government, with one exception. The president. If you vote for city council, the school boards of education, the legislature, the U.S. Congress, every single vote that is cast counts. The only place where every single vote does not count is in the presidential races. That's because of the Electoral College and how it is constructed. And that's why, I oppose the Electoral College and support a national popular vote.”
Digging into the details a bit more, Baca points out that, “Right now, there are only about seven states that are going to make the difference in this next election. We can have every single person have their vote count. If you have larger states, they might carry some weight, but the smaller states still count, depending upon how close the election is.”
She goes on to say, “For example, in this next election, I believe it’s going to be a very close, so every state is going to count. But unfortunately, with the Electoral College, it ain’t so. And there’s just going to be about seven states that will really count.”
Derrick Wilburn, Republican Elector for Colorado (2020), founder and Executive Director of the Rocky Mountain Black Conservatives, jumps in to say, “I could not possibly disagree with Polly’s analysis any more than I do, and here’s why.
So, Vermont has a total of 648,000 residents, that’s it, the whole state. There are states with multiple cities with many, many, many more voters than that. Right now, Vermont is in play because it represents three Electoral College votes. Three votes is a much greater percentage of 270 than 648,000 is of 60 million. So of the approximately 70 million votes that the candidate is going to need to win, if they were to win every vote in Vermont, that would still be less than 9/1000 of one percent of the total vote. Why would any candidate for office ever invest their time and their resources into trying to win the voters in Vermont or Wyoming when all they have to do is get 1/900 of Los Angeles and they’ve gotten more votes than they would have had in the first case?”
Baca is quick to shoot back with, “I was just going to suggest that right now you’ll only see candidates spending money in those seven states where it might make a difference, regardless of whether or not those seven states have large cities or small cities. It’s that they are marginal. I would suggest that Derrick just made my argument.”
Wilburn is firm as he says, “We are not a democracy. We are a representative republic, and the difference is significant. And it’s an education thing. Our younger people don't understand not only the Electoral College, they don't understand the Constitution, they don't understand the difference between democracy, representative republic, and what have you.”
Juson responds to this thought with, “Well, I will say this. A lot of people try to use the term "representative republic" as applying to the Electoral College. I don't believe that's so, I believe that that applies to our elected officials, but most of us don't elect our members of the Electoral College.”
So why not just simply change the system? As Jelani Cobb, Dean of Columbia Journalism School explains, “The political work, that it would require to get rid of the Electoral College is daunting.”
All of this discussion about the process is in service to first and foremost building awareness, says Juson. “Knowledge is power, and I think in order for us to be able to really talk about what the future of our presidential electoral politics looks like, we first need that foundational information, from which to have a truly thoughtful conversation.”
Cobb says that he feels the ‘whole point of the film’ is highlighting that there truly is a fundamental inequality among voters.
With this in mind, Juson says that her ideal result would be that when people watch One Person, One Vote? “let’s dialogue, not demonize.”
‘One Person, One Vote?’ is available for streaming on the PBS app and on YouTube.