It is part of an effort to appeal to black voters
Fyre Festival founder Billy McFarland has been assisting Donald Trump with his presidential campaign.
Though he has no formal role in the campaign, McFarland has reportedly been part of Trump’s effort to appeal to black voters, helping to connect the Republican hopeful with rappers on at least two occasions including a public appearance from Sheff G and Sleepy Hallow at Trump’s recent campaign rally in the Bronx.
He also previously arranged a meeting with Detroit rappers Icewear Vezzo and Peezy last month, according to Rolling Stone.
It comes after McFarland recently shared a picture of himself with the former US president on his Instagram page with the caption: “Pres’ birthday featuring your new cabinet.”
A post shared by Billy McFarland (@pyrtbilly)
Trump has previously been backed by rappers including Kanye West and more recently Snoop Dogg who said earlier this year, he has “nothing but love and respect” for the former president.
Despite that, according to a Pew Research survey published in May, 77 per cent of black voters prefer Joe Biden, with only 18 per cent favouring Trump.
Elsewhere, pre-sale tickets to Fyre Festival 2 – the second version of the disgraced music festival – previously sold out despite the fact that the festival has no lineup, venue, or dates lined up for the event.
First developed by McFarland seven years ago, the botched festival Fyre Fest was originally set to run over two weekends on a private beach in the Bahamas but was revealed to be fraudulent once punters arrived on the scene, with inadequate conditions and a lack of food and water. The debacle was then captured in the now-iconic Netflix documentary FYRE.
The festival’s creator was released from prison in 2022 after he pleaded guilty to multiple counts of fraud.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.