Zach Bryan apologized to Taylor Swift fans after “drunkenly” writing on his since-deleted X account that he believes Kanye West makes better music than the pop superstar.
“for the record guys I wasn’t coming for Taylor the other night. I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong,” the country singer wrote on his Instagram Story early Thursday alongside a screenshot of Swift’s song “Fortnight” featuring Post Malone from her “Tortured Poets Department” album.
“I know there’s a lot of stuff that clouds around Ye and I was speaking purely musically,” he continued, referring to West’s past antisemitic comments.
Bryan, 28, assured his followers, “I love Taylor’s music and pray you guys know I’m human and tweet stupid things often. Hope one day I can explain this to her.”
The “Something in the Orange” crooner, who has a history of deactivating his social media accounts, admitted that his X posts get him “in trouble too much,” so he has decided to “stay off” the app.
“I’m sorry to any Taylor fans I pissed off or let down,” he added. “Love you guys and I’m trying my best!”
In a second message, Bryan explained that he has been “going through a hard time” and was “projecting a little,” but he now realizes his post “came off as rude” to Swift, whom he respects “so much as a musician.”
“the last thing I want is people thinking I don’t appreciate and love what she has done for music,” he wrote before urging fans not to “drink and tweet.”
The “I Remember Everything” singer went on to praise Swift, 34, as a “force of nature” and reiterate that he does not “have a hint of malice or meanness” toward the “Cruel Summer” songstress.
Bryan’s mea culpa came after he shared a post on X late Tuesday that read, “eagles > chiefs Kanye > Taylor who’s with me,” which some Swifties also viewed as a dig at Swift’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce, who plays for the Kansas City Chiefs.
The “Pink Skies” crooner immediately received backlash from Swift’s legion of fans, prompting him to shut down his account.
“He knew not to mess with the Swifties,” one user subsequently quipped.
Advertisement