Disney (2)
Devin Strader’s nasty split from Jenn Tran wasn’t the only relationship that ended after filming The Bachelorette. While responding to a fan’s comment via Instagram, the season 21 winner revealed that he and fellow contestant Jonathon Johnson are no longer buds.
“Thoughts on @jiggity.john are you st[i]ll friends with him??” a fan asked in a since-deleted comment, reported by TV Showcase.
Devin, 28, responded, “Jon loves the limelight more than being a friend – to each their own.”
Jenn, 26, and the third place contestant reunited shortly after her and Devin’s messy split played out during the After the Final Rose live finale in September. When Jenn and Devin announced their split during the episode, she revealed that he ended their engagement over the phone and quickly followed single Bachelor Nation alums on Instagram after their split.
After Jenn dropped the bombshells on stage, Jonathon, 28, held her up by praising his ex for holding “her head high” in a lengthy Instagram tribute.
“She has been an inspiration to women everywhere and I’m so proud of the way she carried herself throughout this process,” he wrote alongside the September 5 post.
He later added, “This WOMAN walked on stage, with her head held high, and handled herself with so much class and beauty that my jaw is on the floor. Jenn, from me, my family, and anyone that has had the absolute privilege of meeting you, you’re an incredible woman and we are SO proud of your journey. I will be cheering you on as you shake it down on DWTS and all the success after.”
At the end of the caption, Jonathon seemingly shaded Devin and the way he handled their split.
“I am so sorry that someone had the opportunity to take even a little of the positivity of this experience away from you!” he continued. “You deserve the world Jennifer Tran!”
Jonathon and Jenn further reunited while she was in Los Angeles, where the creative director lives, competing on Dancing With the Stars season 33.
On September 7, Jenn and Jonathon shook up Bachelor Nation when they documented their off camera one-on-one time. The two made a TikTok video, posted on Jenn’s account, while mouthing the words to a viral audio of a Kanye “Ye” West quote.
“Everybody wants to know what I’d do if I didn’t win,” Jenn said during a solo shot in the clip before Jonathon entered the frame, mouthing, “I guess we’ll never know.”
Fans quickly gave their stamp of approval over Jenn and Jonathon’s possible romantic rekindling in the comments section of the post.
“They’re probably messing w/ us but idc, I want this to happen so badly,” one person confessed.
A second fan begged, “Jenn please stop playing with us!!!!”
Meanwhile, an eagle-eyed fan pointed out, “I love how Devin followed Jonathon a couple days ago but he never followed Devin back. He truly has your back! Love that you have him in your life!”
Jonathon continued to cheer Jenn on while she competed on Dancing With the Stars alongside partner and professional dancer Sasha Farber – and attended the premiere on September 17. Ore recently, Jonathon shaded the show when Jenn was eliminated during episode 7. In the clip, Jonathon appeared in front of a green screen, showing Jenn’s week 7 score of 28 and winning the dance-off. “That’s weird, that’s suspicious,” he mouth alongside a viral clip.
Jenn replied to the video in the comments section, writing, “Love you.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: