Plentiful sunshine. High around 60F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
Partly cloudy skies early will become overcast later during the night. Low 43F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 2:18 am
Thumbs down: Nanny state nonsense. Fear not, Alaskans, for the state House of Representatives is here to save you from yourself. On Friday, the goodly members of the House decided who can and cannot access the Internet by passing House Bill 254, which bans children under age 13 from using social media. In addition, the bill also requires any adult who wants to access online porn to verify their age by submitting personal information and data to commercial age verification technology. It’s not quite Big Brother but we can hear Republican Sarah Vance of Homer and Democrat Andrew Gray of Anchorage knocking at the door. Vance filed the original bill which Gray then Trojan horsed, resulting in the bill becoming a hodgepodge of restrictions about online access. We’ve said it before, we’ll say it again: It is parents who should decide if their children should access the internet — not Reps. Vance and Gray. The bill now goes to the Alaska Senate, we’re we hope common sense prevails before the Legislature goes full Chairman Mao. Rep. David Eastman (R-Wasilla), who gets more than his share of raised eyebrows, might have said it best: “We are so close to going more in a direction with China’s internet where anytime you hop onto the Web, you have to upload your picture, you have to upload your template and again, you’re going have to do something to verify who you are, and then that will be tracked.” We have faith the Senate will do the practical thing and keep the privacy of Alaskans in check.
Thumbs down: Deepfake Donald. That Facebook video you’ve seen of Donald Trump telling you to vote no on Prop A? It’s not real. It’s what is called a deepfake — an AI-generated video in which a person’s likeness is manipulated and posted online, where it can be viewed and shared. The video — along with deepfakes of Sen. Bernie Sanders, rapper Kanye West and podcaster Joe Rogan — started making their way onto social media this past week, encouraging borough residents to vote “no” on Proposition A, the borough’s tax cap ballot initiative that voters will tackle on May 7. The videos are courtesy of Barbara Haney, who also is a Fairbanks North Star Borough Assembly member. It should be noted she did not make the videos using borough resources but we have to ask ourselves how well does that argument hold up? A sitting assemblymember making fake videos of noted personalities, particularly a former president who’s seen as a messiah in some circles, leaves us a little queasy. Haney maintains voters will know that the videos are fake. Considering the massive amount of fake videos already online that people believe are real, we’re not so sure we agree with her assessment. The special election is a contentious matter already. Let’s not sully it any further with the addition of deepfakes.
Thumbs up: Dave Dershin. The incoming principal for Hutchison High School has one more feather to add to his cap of academic accolades. He’s also the secondary school principal of the year for Alaska. Dave Dershin is finishing the year as Randy Smith Middle School principal before taking over at Hutch in the fall. “His calm demeanor and caring advocacy for kids have made him an effective leader who certainly deserves this recognition as Alaska Principal of the Year,” Rick Dormer, president of Alaska Association of Secondary School Principals, said. “It has been an honor to work with and learn from Dave through his service on the AASSP board.” Dershin is a 30–year veteran of the Fairbanks North Star Borough School District and has held teaching and administrative positions at Lathrop High School, North Pole High and several other schools. Congratulations, Dave Dershin, on this educational honor.
Thumbs up: Bringing up bison. The loud pitter-patter of 70 wood bison yearlings will be heard as soon as next spring after they are released into the Minto Flats State Game Refuge about 50 miles from Fairbanks. After two years of planning, stakeholder engagements and wrangling, the Alaska Department of Fish and Game is releasing a second herd into the wild as it seeks to reintroduce species to Alaska. Tom Seaton, the state biologist leading the effort, is optimistic for the herd’s success given Minto Flats’ milder winter conditions and the availability of foliage. Wood bison once roamed Alaska up until about 1915, when they were hunted out. The state started planning their reintroduction as early as 1995, to create a sustainable population over the long term that could serve as a potential food source. It’s still too early to determine how it will work, but the state’s goal shows prescience that it could be needed. It’s a thumbs up for the wood bison population starting on the right hoof.
The Daily News-Miner encourages residents to make themselves heard through the Opinion pages. Readers' letters and columns also appear online at newsminer.com. Contact the editor with questions at letters@newsminer.com or call 459-7574.
If you're interested in submitting a Letter to the Editor, click here.
The Daily News-Miner encourages residents to make themselves heard through the Opinion pages. Readers' letters and columns also appear online at newsminer.com. Contact the editor with questions at letters@newsminer.com or call 459-7574.
Community Perspective
Send Community Perspective submissions by mail (P.O. Box 70710, Fairbanks AK 99707) or via email (letters@newsminer.com). Submissions must be 500 to 750 words. Columns are welcome on a wide range of issues and should be well-written and well-researched with attribution of sources. Include a full name, email address, daytime telephone number and headshot photograph suitable for publication (email jpg or tiff files at 150 dpi.) You may also schedule a photo to be taken at the News-Miner office. The News-Miner reserves the right to edit submissions or to reject those of poor quality or taste without consulting the writer.
Letters to the editor
Send letters to the editor by mail (P.O. Box 70710, Fairbanks AK 99707), by fax (907-452-7917) or via email (letters@newsminer.com). Writers are limited to one letter every two weeks (14 days.) All letters must contain no more than 350 words and include a full name (no abbreviation), daytime and evening phone numbers and physical address. (If no phone, then provide a mailing address or email address.) The Daily News-Miner reserves the right to edit or reject letters without consulting the writer.
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular collections.
Let us know what you're seeing and hearing around the community.  
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: