In an interview with Alex Cooper on her Call Her Daddy podcast, Love Island USA star Leah Kateb awkwardly dodged a question about whether she's ever been romantically involved with Ye, the artist formerly known as Kanye West.
As seen in the latest episode of Cooper's podcast, she asked the reality series star about her dating history. "There are rumors in LA that you dated Kanye West, can you confirm or deny?" Cooper asked. In response, Kateb awkwardly looked around the room and paused. Cooper, seemingly surprised by the silence, replied, "Should I move on?" Kateb said, "Can you? Ask me more about Rob [Rausch]. Suddenly, I want to talk about him. Suddenly, I would like to talk about Rob more."
It's unclear where these rumors originated, or at what point Kateb might have been romantically involved with Ye.
The timeframe is especially unclear because Ye has reportedly been married to Bianca Censori since 2022, and they've been inseparable ever since. There's also little evidence to suggest that their relationship is non-monogamous. Kateb, meanwhile, is dating her Love Island co-star Miguel Harichi. Before that, she had a fling on the show with Rausch, hence the suggestion that she would rather talk about him.
Recently, one of Ye's confirmed ex-girlfriends, Julia Fox, came out as lesbian. She shared a stitched video from TikTok user, emgracedawg, who said, "I love when I see a lesbian with their boyfriend. It's like, 'Ah, you hate that man.'" Fox, who previously said in 2022 that she wanted to explore her "gay bone" more, added, "Hey that was me. I was that lesbian. So sorry boys, won't happen again." Her last known relationship was with Ye, whom she dated for a month in 2022.
music | BY tara mahadevan
Watch Common List His Top 5 Favorite Chicago Rappers Ever
music | BY Mark Elibert
Lupe Fiasco Plans to 'Reboot' Child Rebel Soldier As a Solo Project
music | BY Joe Price
Big Sean Responds to Speculation Ye Was Responsible for Leaking His Album: ‘I Know He Wouldn't Do No Sh*t Like That’
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.