Claiming "blatant" copyright infringement, the new case is the latest of more than a dozen lawsuits accusing the controversial rapper of using uncleared materials in songs.

													By
												

	Bill Donahue


Ye (formerly Kanye West) is facing a new lawsuit over Vultures 1 from a group of Memphis rappers who claim the star and Ty Dolla $ign committed “brazen” copyright infringement by sampling a song after failing to secure a license.

	The case – the latest in a long list of such lawsuits against Ye – claims the track “Fuk Sumn” is “riddled” with illegal samples from a 1994 song called “Drink a Yak (Part 2)” by the artists Criminal Manne (Vanda Watkins), DJ Squeeky (Hayward Ivy) and the late Kilo G (Robert L. Johnson Jr.)

	Like several other previous cases against Ye, the lawsuit claims that the star’s reps reached out to clear the samples – but that he then just continued to use it without a license when talks broke down.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“After numerous unsuccessful attempts at resolving this matter directly with the responsible parties, plaintiffs have been left with no other method of recourse than to bring this cause of action,” attorneys for the accusers write in a complaint filed Wednesday.

	The use of the earlier song in “Fuk” is so “blatant” and “brazen” that the spots where samples were used in Ye’s track are “easily discernible,” the lawsuit claims. Near the start of Ye’s song, Criminal Manne can allegedly be heard rapping a lyric from “Yak” that stars with “smokin on a junt”; seconds later, Kilo G is allegedly heard rapping another line: “Stop off at the liquor store, get your yak, then we headed for the indo.”

	The new lawsuit is one of more than a dozen such cases that have been filed against Ye over claims of unlicensed sampling or interpolating during his prolific career. The controversial rapper has faced nine such infringement cases since 2019 alone, including a high-profile battle with estate of Donna Summer that settled earlier this year.

	Lawyers for the three accusers say that reps for Ye reached out to clear the sample in February, after “Fuk” had already been released. Those talks allegedly went on for months, but were terminated in June when the plaintiffs say they were were notified that “YE had fired his entire legal and business team leaving him without any legal representation.”

	“Despite a much anticipated resolution resulting from several months of intense negotiations, Plaintiffs were informed they would need to wait to be contacted by Defendant YE’s new legal representation,” the lawsuit says.

	Another Ye attorney then reached out to re-start the sample negotiations, the lawsuit says, but then were informed that he too was no longer working with Ye. The accusers say that no deal has been reached since.

	“Plaintiffs have never given permission to Defendants for such use of their music,” attorneys for the three rappers write. “Meanwhile all Defendants have continued to profit from the illegal usage of the sampled [song] with over 150,000,000 Spotify streams to date.”

	Reps for Ye and Ty Dolla did not immediately return a request for comment.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.