Julia Fox has described her ex-boyfriend Kanye West as a "blessing", despite saying their relationship "left a sour taste in my mouth".
The pair had a whirlwind romance and while it lasted for less than two months, the rapper seems to have had a big impact on the model. In a new interview, Julia said: "It was actually a blessing that he came into my life."
She explained how Kanye "shook up my team" so she could regain a lot of creative control. Before dating the Flashing Lights hitmaker, Julia said she felt "pressure to pretend to be this Hollywood starlet that I wasn't".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and sister Khloe 'slapped with parking tickets' while at glitzy Ellen DeGeneres event
Speaking on The New York Times' Popcast, Julia added: "I'd get into fights about it and be really upset about it, but then ultimately always concede and just do what they wanted me to do because it was easier than arguing. So then after that, [Ye] came in and was like, 'Wait a minute, no, f*** that, I'm gonna do what I wanna do'."
Julia has previously criticised the rapper and expressed her dislike of dating someone so famous as she felt reduced to simply being his girlfriend. "I mean, I think we all know what it is.
"Dating [Kanye] for a month-one month. That's why I have such a sour taste in my mouth about dating anyone in this sphere," she told InStyle.
Julia also opened up on her sex life as she revealed she didn't sleep with Kanye. The actress commented on a TikTok post shared by dating app Bumble which showed billboards about celibacy, which read: "You know full well a vow of celibacy is not the answer" and another that read: "A vow of celibacy is not the answer."
Julia commented under the post and revealed that she has been celibate for 2.5 years and has "never been better". She dated Kanye after meeting in Miami on New Year's Eve 2021.
However, the pair split in February 2022. Speaking to ES magazine, Julia opened up about their split and said: "The unresolved issues that he was dealing with. It just seems like he had a lot to work on, and I just don't have time for it or energy. I don't have the bandwidth or emotional capacity for it."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.