Lupe Fiasco appears to be keeping his promise of resurrecting Child Rebel Soldier by releasing a brand new track under the group's name titled "SHRINK." Check it out below.
The song was released on Wednesday afternoon and featured Lupe rapping over a sample of Radiohead's 2000 Kid A song "Optimistic." In addition to the song, Fiasco released a promo video hyping up his upcoming SAMURAI! nationwide tour with "SHRINK" playing in the background.
Recently, the Chicago native revealed how the CRS supergroup, consisting of himself, Kanye West, and Pharrell Williams, was formed. According to Lupe, CRS began as an idea of him wanting to rap about the pitfalls of fame over Radiohead beats, which caught the attention of Kanye and Pharrell.
They eventually formed the group but only released three songs, "Us (Placers)," "Don't Stop!," and "Everybody Nose (Remix)." Fans were left in the dust as the group disbanded in 2013, and many hoped the trio would make a comeback. Lupe has seemingly acknowledged those wishes and claimed in a conversation with Stereogum last month that he's bringing CRS back, but not in a way most people expect.
"I'm gonna reboot CRS in the next six months, maybe next year," said Lupe. "Tyler, [The Creator] has one of the CRS records. But it's gonna go back to the original energy, which was me rapping over Radiohead beats."
He added, "I'll just go back to that original [vibe], just go back and find those dope loops and samples from Radiohead or their solo records, loop the shit up, and make little beats out of it, and crush with some dope ass lyrics. I'll either do some loosie freestyle shit or a proper tape, get sued for it, and keep it moving."
music | BY Brad Callas
Lupe Fiasco Baffles Joe Budden With His VR Masturbation Hack
music | BY Mark Elibert
Lupe Fiasco and Joe Budden Confirm They Have No Problems With Kendrick Lamar or Drake
music | BY Mark Elibert
Lupe Fiasco Thinks Drake Will Keep Dame Dash's 'Reasonable Doubt' Shares 'Safe for Generations to Come'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.