Kanye West has tried out music, fashion, and a private school - and now he's ready to delve into the world of adult films.
The rapper, who recently spoke out after allegedly punching a man in the face for allegedly assaulting his wife Bianca Censori, is seemingly talking about creating a Yeezy Porn studio that would be a part of a bigger pornography division under his Yeezy brand.
Kanye is also reportedly talking to Mike Moz, the ex-husband of porn star Stormy Daniels best known for being reportedly given hush money by former president Donald Trump. Mike is also a veteran of the industry, producing films and working with casting and art direction.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West makes vulgar comment about wife Bianca Censori as he says she's 'best undressed'
According to TMZ, a representative for the Gold Digger rapper told the outlet that he's been thinking about creating a pornography brand for a while. But now Kanye is now taking the idea seriously.
The site also claims that Kanye might launch the adult-only brand as early as this summer, but there's been no confirmation of anything yet. Delving into porn isn't surprising for the 46-year-old as he's been vocal about his enjoyment of sex and isn't afraid to show off his wife in barely there outfits online and in public.
In an interview with Justin Laboy on The Download, the star admitted his 29-year-old wife is "the best undressed." He also admitted his dream woman that he would invite into the bedroom with his wife and he would be Michelle Obama.
During the same interview, Kanye spoke about the recent alleged incident where he reportedly punched a man for assaulting Bianca. The rapper told Justin that he didn't see the incident but Bianca told him what happened later.
He said Bianca was "walking to the bathroom at the chateau" when a man approached her. "This guy just grabbed my wife and then she just... I didn't see it directly and she started just explaining to me what happened so then I walked over and found him and then I'm talking to security, different security," Kanye said.
"Not just the security that be with me but other security like, 'Okay let's get this guy just escorted out or something,'" he continued, "You know, it's like, look man I just don't wanna... And I talked to the guy and I said, 'Yo I need you to just, you just need to leave right now.'"
According to Yeezy's chief of staff, Milo Yiannopoulos, a statement shared with The Mirror read: "'A stranger grabbed Bianca’ is grossly inadequate as a description of what happened. Bianca was physically assaulted last night. The assailant didn't merely collide into her. He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.