While Blac Chyna, now legally known as her birth name Angela White, enters a new chapter of her life with boyfriend Derrick Milano, and celebrates her 36th birthday on Saturday, we're taking a look back at her tumultuous history with the Kardashian-Jenner clan.
Blac Chyna had previously been entangled in a messy drama with the famous family, with their feud first igniting all the way back in 2014 following her split from rapper Tyga. From controversial romances to expensive courtroom battles, we're taking a look back at the long-standing drama and how it was finally resolved just last year.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian sparks wild cosmetic surgery theory as expert spots detail at Met Gala
The long-winded feud between Blac Chyna and the Kardashian-Jenner family first began after she became close to the group while dating her ex-boyfriend rapper Tyga. The pair first met each other on set of Tyga's music video for his hit song Rack City back in 2011. After hitting it off, the former couple went on to date in November of the same year.
After a whirlwind romance together, the pair welcomed their son King Cairo Stevenson together in October of 2012. After their son was born, the two were briefly engaged but later mutually called off their engagement in August of 2014 after their relationship “ran its course.”
During the time of their breakup, Tyga and Kylie sparked romance rumours fueling drama between Chyna and the Kardashian-Jenner family. At the time, many fans theorized that their connection was the reason Tyga's engagement was called off. The rapper adamantly denied the claims, and tweeted: "DONT BELIEVE THE RUMORS, BEEN FRIENDS WITH THE FAMILY FOREVER. WERE ALL JUST FRIENDS."
But despite Tyga's attempt to put out the fire, Chyna's best friend Amber Rose spoke out on the romance, hitting Tyga for dating someone significantly younger than him. During a podcast interview, Amber, who previously dated Kanye West, said: "Kylie's a baby. She needs to go to bed at 7 o'clock and relax. It's ridiculous. Tyga should be ashamed of himself. That's how I feel, for sure. He has a beautiful woman and a baby that he left for a 16-year-old who just turned 17."
This is when Khloe started to get involved and took to Twitter angrily bashing Amber's targeted claims involving her sister. At the time, she wrote: "Please don't worry about my sister who has a career and her s--- together at ONLY 17. People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. Please stop talking about us in interviews mama. None of us talk about you."
Rose later went on to apologise for the feud and Tyga and Kylie proceeded to date one another on-and-off for three years. After a long relationship in the public eye, Kylie and Tyga officially broke up in April of 2017. Speaking on their split, Kylie explained to the US Sun: "There was no crazy fight, we just decided…well, I decided that I'm really young. I don't want to look back in five years from now and feel like he took something from me when he's really not that type of person."
After being entangled in drama with rapper Tyga and Kylie, the Kardashian-Jenner clan probably has thought they had seen the last of Chyna. But in 2016, years after her called-off engagement with the rapper, Chyna sparked up a romance with Rob Kardashian. Rob is the brother of Kourtney, Kim, and Khloé Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner. And while many questioned Chyna's motives for igniting a romance within the famous family, sources confirmed that their love was real and true.
In February of 2016, a source told People: "Rob has fallen hard for Blac Chyna. She makes him super happy, and this is the first time that he's felt so optimistic about life in years," and added: "For the first time in forever, Rob seems very excited about the future."
After just three months of dating, the pair announced that they were engaged in April of 2016 and in November of that same year welcomed their daughter Dream Kardashian. In true Kardashian fashion, the pair decided to launch their own reality television show, sharing their journey of love and pregnancy with their fans. Their show, titled Rob & Chyna, kicked off in September of 2016 and lasted for one season. But shortly after the reality show began, their relationship took a turn for the worse and the pair called off their engagement in February of 2017.
After the launch of her reality show with Rob, Chyna launched legal action against the Kardashian clan as she brought them to court in 2022 arguing that their influence and actions over E! caused her to lose out on millions of dollars. She argued that because of the family, she missed out on earnings from the show and related endorsements and appearances.
Chyna also claimed that the family was responsible for getting their reality show cancelled. However, she lost the $108 million lawsuit and was awarded no damages.
Following the legal drama being dismissed, Angela (formerly Chyna) has since resolved her feud with the Kardashians. In an interview last year on The Viall Files, she said: "Everybody's in a great place," and added that she was "grateful" that they were finally able to work through their issues. Angela added that it has "been years" since all of the drama took place and added: "I didn't come out and be a bitter baby mama, you know what I mean? I feel like time has passed."
In the past year, Angela has entered a new era of her life. She is now sober after ditching the booze and has also quit OnlyFans. Since giving up her past career, Angela has also undergone a breast reduction surgery and had the fillers in her face dissolved. She said that she has also embraced religion in her life and was baptised. In the last year ,Angela has also received a doctorate from the Sacramento Theological Seminary and Bible College and started a new relationship with her boyfriend Derrick Milano.
And as for where she stands with Rob and Tyga, Angela updated that she ended on good terms with both and is peacefully co-parenting. Speaking on her custody battle, she told ET: "I fought my way through it. It's done. I'm so excited. You have no idea," and added: "[It's working] splendid. I'm in a better place, my kids. Having a structure for me and stability for me, is everything for me. Now everything else is going to trickle down because our foundation is strong."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.