By
			
			Jennifer O'Brien		

On July 16, 2009, viewers were introduced to a new form of late-night TV through Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen. The king of Bravo decided that he knew the Bravosphere the best, so he should host his own talk show. What followed was years of interviews, building the clubhouse, A-list guests, and one too many cabaret performances. But here we are on the 15th anniversary, excited to take a look back at some of the craziest moments. As we already know, anytime you mix a shot ski with major reality TV egos, stuff will always go down. 
Brandi Glanville is no stranger to annoying the hell out of someone. She’s often known to be feisty when she decides to go after someone. The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star didn’t hold back as she spoke ill of Joanna Krupa after the former model said, “No wonder your husband left you.” In a low blow, Brandi blurted out that Joanna’s lady parts “smelled.” The clubhouse went nuts with that statement as Andy Cohen laughed, saying, “And with that, a bomb has exploded!” 
2011 had Sonja Morgan putting on a cringey burlesque show that even Andy couldn’t get behind. The razzle-dazzle and chirping of the snare was too much for my little heart to handle, as I resorted to covering my eyes. Dressed up as Marilyn Monroe, the mother of one started by saying, “Don’t call me a sinner because I’m a winner.” Needless to say, this might be one of Sonja’s worst moments on TV, but I give her credit for at least trying. 
You all can “call me out” I honestly dont care. I cant stand her.  #wwhl #wwhlbravo #watchwhathappenslive #andycohen #andycohenlive #bravotvvideos #chelseahandler #bravo 
Chelsea Handler shushing Andy is the clip I didn’t know I needed, but in 2014, that is exactly what happened. The Bravo kingpin was trying to grill the comedian about her late-night show, but Chels wouldn’t have it, almost seeing right through Andy to his inner snarky core. The host tried to imply that Chelsea had every variety of housewives on her talk show, but Chelsea didn’t like that at all, noting, “No, actually you have. You started that franchise.” 
In 2015, things got pretty heated as Brandi once again stepped into the clubhouse alongside Jeff Lewis. The interior designer was never nice, but he went low when he shared the stage with Brandi. The Flipping Out star made a feisty remark about Brandi’s personal life, and she was not a fan as she tossed her drink all over him. 
But how could we leave out Ray Liotta’s 2017 appearance, where he shaded multiple Hollywood A-listers during a game of Plead the Fifth. Ray called Sigourney Weaver the worst kisser and claimed Clint Eastwood was the most overrated actor of the 80s. Ray was then asked to name his favorite and least favorite J.Lo songs, as she was also a guest, but he couldn’t name any. For good measure, he ended his show and tell by saying, “I don’t give a sh*t.”
How could anyone forget that the worldwide pandemic suspended filming of Watch What Happens Live for a few months? But the show returned with a vengeance and included Andy’s best friend, Anderson Cooper, spitting his drink out. I expect a bit more from a seasoned journalist if I’m being honest, but while on as guest alongside Gayle King, the bestie of Oprah Winfrey, I had questions about their close friendship.
Andy then moved on to ask Anderson about his bedroom performance and whether he would bring “a third into the bedroom.” Gayle jumped onto the questioning, asking, “Andy, can I ask why you know that Anderson is open to threesomes in the bedroom?” Andy coyly replied, “Just because … mother’s intuition,” leading Anderson to spew his drink everywhere. 
But who could forget how Julia Fox couldn’t stop looking at herself during 2023? Julia, famed for her connection to Kanye West, ignored Andy as her eyes landed everywhere but on him when he asked her about the drama on the Real Housewives of Salt Lake City. It was one of the worst moments because it was obvious Julia didn’t want to be there. 
TELL US – WHICH DO YOU THINK IS THE WORST MOMENT FROM WATCH WHAT HAPPENS LIVE?
Jennifer O'Brien has been a fan of reality TV ever since Jessica Simpson asked, "Is this chicken or fish?" Jennifer's favorite shows consist of everything Bravo, including the 'Real Housewives' franchises, 'Below Deck' franchises, and 'Southern Charm.' Without a doubt, Jennifer's passion for reality TV shines through as she often tries to get to the bottom of major plot lines like Vanderpump Rules' "Scandoval."
Share article