Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
‘Bianca was physically assaulted,’ representatives for the rapper said 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Police in Los Angeles are investigating Kanye West, who goes by Ye, after he allegedly punched a man in the face after he “battered and sexually assaulted” the rapper’s wife Bianca Censori, according to a report.
The altercation occurred early Wednesday morning after an unidentified man inappropriately touched Ms Censori, TMZ first reported. Authorities told the outlet that police are now investigating Ye.
The incident occurred at the Chateau Marmont Hotel on Sunset Boulevard, Fox 11 reported.
“Bianca was physically assaulted,” representatives for Ye told TMZ in a statement.
“The assailant didn’t merely collide into her. He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted,” the statement added.
The LAPD told The Independent  that at around 12.30am on Wednesday, 17 April, officers responded to the 8200 block of Sunset Boulevard — the address of the hotel — “for a Battery Investigation.” The police said a battery report was completed, but they could not confirm suspect information. 
The Independent has reached out to representatives for the rapper.
This isn’t the first time police have probed The Life of Pablo artist. 
In January 2022, Ye was named in a battery report after an incident occurred outside of a club in downtown Los Angeles at around 3am. He was not arrested over the incident.
“He just had this real attitude, like, ‘Whatchu gonna do?’”, the rapper said at the time, according to The Guardian. “Imma just tell you, that blue Covid mask ain’t stop that knockout.”
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in