By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:30, 17 March 2024   |  Updated:  10:04, 17 March 2024   
 28
View  comments
Kanye West and Sean 'Diddy' Combs have been beefing since October 2022.
Before their beef started, Combs was one of Ye's only famous friends to defend his increasingly bizarre behavior and social media posts, calling him a 'free thinker' and insisting that the Golddigger rapper's message had been 'misconstrued.'
But then Kanye brought out his infamous White Lives Matter T-shirts and that's where Diddy drew the line.
Diddy got in touch with Kanye directly and shared his misgivings about the shirts, prompting an argument over text.
But on Thursday, the Its All About the Benjamins rapper and his twin daughters Jessie and D'Lila took in Ye and Ty Dolla $ign's controversial set at Rolling Loud in Los Angeles. 
Kanye West and Sean ' Diddy ' Combs have been beefing since October 2022
Before their beef started, Combs was one of Ye's only famous friends to defend his increasingly bizarre behavior and social media posts, calling him a 'free thinker' and insisting that the Golddigger rapper's message had been 'misconstrued,' pictured here at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards
And the reason Ye's Vulture's 1 set was controversial is because neither Kanye nor Ty Dolla $ign sang during the performance.
They simply played the tracks from the album. 
Diddy also brought his son Justin to the event and he also took in the show. 
But it is unclear if the two men actually exchanged words at the festival or if Diddy's appearance is a figurative white flag on their feud. 
Diddy sat down for an interview on The Breakfast Club in 2022 and called Kanye's very controversial White Lives Matter T-shirts 'tone deaf.'
Kanye wasn't a fan of Diddy's opinion in that matter and the two got into a much-publicized fight over text message.
'I'm selling these tees. Nobody gets in between me and my money. This is my grandfather texting you now. Never call me with no bulls*** like that again unless you ready to green light me. Cause anybody who got on that tee is me,' he reportedly texted.
And then things got a little more strange with Ye texting: 'Out of respect for everything you've meant to me I'll be quiet as Virgil. But now I know how I've hurt people I love with threats.' 
In a follow-up text Kanye taunted his friend: 'Come do something illegal to me noooow pleeeeeeeeease.'
He then posted a screen-grab of these texts to his Instagram page and wrote in the caption: 'God is Love My brother misspoke to me but I still love him.'
But then Kanye brought out his infamous White Lives Matter t-shirts and that's where Diddy drew the line, pictured at the 2022 BET Awards where Ye presented Diddy with the Lifetime Achievement Award
Diddy got in touch with Kanye directly and shared his misgivings about the shirts, prompting an argument over text, prompting Ye to fight with him over text
At Thursday's Rolling Loud festival performance Kanye did not sing or rap or even hold a microphone
Fans who paid to see the rapper perform were disappointed by the performance art that Ye did instead
The imagery from Ye's camp continues to get more bizarre and concerning such as when he donned a mask and made the Heil Hitler arm motion
This isn't the first time Ye disappointed a festival crowd, when he played Bonnaroo in 2008, his set started almost two hours late to cries of 'Kanye sucks' that still resonate through fans of the Tennessee-based festival
Eventually Diddy responded: 'As soon as I land we'll meet face to face!!! Send me a address.' 
Diddy attempted reasoning with Kanye who also insisted his friend was 'sent by Jews' and a 'FED.' 
'I'm just trying to talk to you as a black man,' Diddy pleaded. 'And I'm talking to you because this is hurting our people. Stop.'
Kanye, undeterred, replied: 'Anything you text I will post. I love you. And you guys are breaking my heart. I accept your apology in advance.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group