By EMMA RICHTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:37, 27 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:45, 27 October 2024   
 259
View  comments
A convicted murderer was seen lunging at the father of a teen he killed over a pair of Yeezy sneakers. 
Adrian Crosby, 23, was found guilty on Friday and sentenced to life in prison in a Florida courtroom for fatally shooting Andrea Camps Lacayo, 18, in 2020 during a violent shoe exchange.
As the young woman's father, Alex Camps, addressed his daughter's killer an 'animal' and 'monster' during his victim impact statement, Crosby cursed at the man and suddenly jumped toward him. 
Several Miami-Dade correctional officers restrained Camps before dragging him out of the courtroom, while the slain girl's family also had to be held back from the murderer. 
'You are the epitome of evil and darkness that this world represents,' the father told Crosby. 'There's only one place animals like you belong, and that's in prison for the rest of your life.
After hearing a witness impact statement from the father of the teen he killed during court on Friday, Adrian Crosby, 23, dramatically lunged at the family and cursed before being escorted out 
Andrea Camps Lacayo, 18, was fatally shot on April 7, 2020 after her and her boyfriend Sergio Berben met up with George Walton, 19, to sell a pair of Yeezy sneakers. Crosby suddenly shot the couple during the exchange 
'This court today confirmed once again that truth that we all seek – the truth that you are a fool, a liar, and a monster for what you did not only to Andrea but our whole entire family and friends,' he added. 
Crosby then angrily responded: 'What the f*** you talking about b****?' as he stood up, lunging toward his victim's grieving family. 
On April 7, 2020, Camps Lacayo and her boyfriend, Sergio Berben set up an exchange with George Walton, 19, as they hoped to sell the $935 pair of Adidas sneakers, launched by rapper Kanye West. 
The couple, who were trying to make extra money during the Covid-19 pandemic, met Walton outside an abandoned home in Homestead. 
Walton asked the young couple if he could try on the expensive shoes but Berben insisted that he show proof of payment first, according to an arrest report obtained by NBC Miami. 
Crosby then approached Berben's vehicle on the driver's side and opened fire on him and his highschool sweetheart. 
Camps Locayo's father, Alex Camps, is seen looking back at Crosby after he cursed at him during his statement, surrounded by family  
Camps Locayo was shot at least once in her torso while Berben was grazed in the arm by a bullet. 
Berben then frantically drove off before pulling over on the side of the road, where he realized his girlfriend was dying. 
By the time first responders arrived, they found Camps Locayo fading in and out of consciousness, the outlet reported. 
The pair were rushed to Jackson South Medical Center, where Camps Lacayo died in surgery, NBC Miami reported at the time. 
Both Walton and Crosby were arrested in connection to her murder. 
Even though Walton did not fire the gun, he was convicted of first-degree murder and attempted murder in February. A judge also sentenced him to life behind bars. 
The young woman's father called his daughter's killer an 'animal' and 'monster' during his victim impact statement just before Crosby's outburst occurred 
At the time of the horrific crime, Camps Locayo was shot at least once in her torso while Berben was grazed in the arm by a bullet. She later died in the hospital during surgery. (Pictured: The young couple) 
Crosby's trial kicked off on Tuesday, and by Friday he was found guilty of first-degree murder, first-degree attempted murder and attempted robbery with a deadly weapon.
During the emotional trial, Berben told jurors: 'He shot and killed my girlfriend and tried to kill me as well.' 
Camps Lacayo was senior and the captain of her high school dance team
Miami-Dade Police Sgt. Jenna Parmenter also testified and recalled the moment the young woman asked 'if she was going to OK.' 
'She faded back out and closed her eyes,' Parmenter said.
After the courtroom outburst, Crosby was brought back inside without Camps Lacayo's family,  where he was handed two life sentences by Miami-Dade Circuit Court Judge Miguel M. De la O.
The murderer was also given a concurrent 25-year sentence for the attempted robbery conviction.
On Saturday, the victim's father took to Facebook to share his thoughts on his daughter getting justice years after her death. 
'Today we put behind bars for life the murderer of our daughter Andrea. Even today as I write these words I can’t believe that this has happened to such a sweet innocent soul.
The couple met up with Walton (left) that day as he asked to try the shoes on before showing proof of purchase. Crosby (right) then approached the couple and opened fire before they drove off. Both were arrested and sentenced to life in prison 
Her family has also created a foundation for her called Andrea's Smiles For Hope, where they collect donations to support sick children in their community
'This is not a win because it still doesn’t take away the pain nor does it bring our daughter back to us. What we can do now is heal from all the pain and suffering this has caused. We love you Andrea and we will always keep your spirit and memory alive. RIP,' he wrote. 
Camps Lacayo was a senior and the captain of her high school dance team. 
She was set to graduate from Terra Environmental Research Institute and planned to study nursing at Florida International University. 
Since her tragic death, her mother and father both keep their daughter's memory alive as they post pictures of Camps Lacayo every March for her birthday. 
Her family has also created a foundation for her called "Andrea's Smiles For Hope,' where they collect donations to support sick children in their community.
'Fulfilling Andrea’s dream to bring joy, happiness, and hope to children battling cancer,' the fundraiser's Instagram bio stated. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group