By SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:28, 4 November 2024   |  Updated:  21:46, 4 November 2024   
 81
View  comments
Kim Kardashian sizzles with blonde hair for new SKKN by Kim.
The entrepreneur, 44, rocked the platinum locks for her campaign - promoting her brand's new silk matte lip colors.
The star, who is known for her dark brunette locks, sported a white lace bra with a silky cream robe.
The mother of four also rocked bold red locks to hawk her new beauty item, posing up a storm in a one-shoulder black top.
Kim Kardashian sizzles with blonde hair for new SKKN by Kim
The star, who is known for her dark brunette locks, sported a white lace bra with a silky cream robe
Kim sported dark lip stick with gold shimmery eye makeup with the honey blonde hair.
The new Silk Matte Lip Color is now available on SKKN by Kim's website, with 10 shades, each $29.
The cream lipstick has a matte finish once applied.
Days earlier, the stunner rocked red locks for another image for her ad campaign.
Kim filed a trademark for a skincare line SKKN in March 2021. 
Kim launched her new SKKN by Kim skincare brand on Tuesday, June 21, 2022.
She relaunched her makeup under the SKKN umbrella on January 26, 2024.
The mom of four shut down her makeup brand KKW Beauty in August 2021 and her perfume brand KKW Fragrance closed on May 1, 2022 - with the intention of relaunching under a new umbrella brand.
At the time, Kim clarified that the reason for the rebranding of her beauty and fragrance lines was not due to her split from Kanye West, but rather with the customer in mind.
The businesswoman said the reason behind it all was because she felt bad about the customer having to pay shipping costs at three different websites - KKW Fragrance, KKW Beauty and a skin care focused brand - which later turned out to be SKKN.
The entrepreneur, 44, rocked the platinum locks for her campaign - promoting her bran's new silk matte lip colors
Kim launched her new SKKN by Kim skincare brand on Tuesday, June 21, 2022
The new Silk Matte Lip Color is now available on SKKN by Kim's website, with 10 shades, each $29
Kim seen putting her lipstick on in the campaign
Days earlier, the stunner rocked red locks for another image for her ad campaign
She launched her hugely successful brand Skims - for loungewear, shapewear and now swimwear - in 2019 and since then, it has doubled in value to a whopping $3.2 billion.
It has increased her net worth by $600 million, bringing her net worth to $1.8 billion, according to Forbes.
The outlet reported in April 2021 that the reality star was estimated to be worth $1 billion, up from $780 million in October 2020.
Kim's worth increased from $780 million October 2020 to $1 billion after she cashed in on KKW Beauty by selling 20 percent of the business to Coty for $200 million; the deal was finalized January 2021.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group