ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Left to right: Ron Wood, Mick Jagger, Charlie Watts, Keith Richards and Bill Wyman of the Rolling ... More Stones wave to the crowd at the Historic Atlantic City Convention Hall (now Boardwalk Hall) in Atlantic City, N.J., during the Steel Wheels Tour, December 1989. The group played three nights at the venue from 17th - 20th December 1989. (Photo by Paul Natkin/Getty Images)
Future is back on top of the Billboard 200 this week with his latest album We Still Don’t Trust You. The set—his second in a row with producer Metro Boomin—helps the rapper make history in a number of ways on the list of the most-consumed projects in the U.S., and now he’s tied with two of the biggest stars in music history.
We Still Don’t Trust You marks Future’s eighth consecutive No. 1 on the Billboard 200. His last eight albums have reached the top spot on the competitive tally, which is no easy feat.
With an eighth consecutive No. 1 album on the Billboard 200, Future ties with both The Rolling Stones and Beyoncé for the sixth-most rulers in a row among all musical acts.
Before We Still Don’t Trust You reached the summit on the Billboard 200, Future was already in a tie with several other well-known figures in the music industry. When he had only claimed seven No. 1s in a row, he was matched with Drake and the Dave Matthews Band, but now he’s passed them both—at least for the time being.
Taylor Swift claims the record for the most consecutive No. 1s on the Billboard 200. She’s thus far collected a lucky 13 champions in a row, and that number is about to rise again. Her new set The Tortured Poets Department is headed right for the top spot on the list in just a few days.
Jay-Z comes in right behind Swift on this all-time list, with 11 consecutive No. 1 albums. Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, has collected 10 No. 1s in a row. The Beatles and Eminem are tied for fourth place, as both have earned eight leaders on the Billboard 200 without taking a break from their streaks.
We Still Don’t Trust You debuts at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with 127,500 equivalent units shifted. That’s only about half of what the previous Future/Metro Boomin team-up, We Don’t Trust You, managed. That title opened atop the ranking earlier this month.