Members of the Mayfield Cardinals Marching Band pose with their KMEA Class A State Championship trophy and plaque. 
MAYFIELD, Ky. — The Mayfield High School Marching Band won the Kentucky Music Educators Association Class A State Championship on Saturday and made history for the school.
The band’s decorated performance was “Tin,” which depicts the journey of the Tin Man from “The Wizard of Oz” and features music from the classic film, Metallica and Kanye West.
As the Tin Man searched for his heart in the show, director Darrin Abren said the band underwent a similar process of perseverance to attain excellence.
Dating back to 1929, Abren said the band has a rich history of achievements, and were state finalists for the last three years. He said the victory is a continuation of the Mayfield Cardinal Marching Band's legacy of dedication and discipline.
Abren explained that something as intricate as a marching show requires extensive preparation and commitment, and amounted to roughly 165 hours of rehearsal.
In February, Abren and colleagues also started coordinating the show, which included marching configurations, color guard and percussion logistics, costume design and music customization.
He said spring training began earlier in the year, followed by a two-week band camp in July and consistent practices during the semester. From there, the band hit the grind in competitions, and ascended the ladder of regional, semi-final and final rounds.
Abren said the most gratifying element of assembling a marching show from scratch is witnessing students form a group attitude. He said all the individual pieces coalesce into a complex whole and develop a distinct personality.
Like the students, Abren said that he could not maintain a marching show alone, highlighting the support of the district and parents. He noted the integral contributions of assistant director Ginny Burchett, percussion instructor Trip Freeman, color guard instructor Jazmin Guerrero and visual specialist Branden Clayton.
“Tin” tracks the challenging but rewarding arc of the Tin Man as a woodsman in a depression time, musically tracing his sadness, anger, longing and finally triumph of seeking a heart.
Abren said the band followed a trajectory akin to the Tin Man, navigating the ebbs and flows of self-fulfillment in the face of difficulties.
17-year-old MHS senior Samantha McGaha, the field commander who was responsible for conducting the show, echoed a fulfilling undertaking that was more about the journey than the destination.
She said laying marching drill in the heat in taxing, but striving toward something greater than oneself justifies the strain, and she discovered a deeper sense of belonging.
McGaha said the show’s progression from the initial stages of band camp to the final polished version was touching.
For McGaha, she said learning to communicate as an adult was vital, as well as making past band members and the community proud.
Ultimately, Abren said that artistic endeavors and programs forge meaning in mundanity. Whether a Tin Man or high school band, he said the arts grant people with purpose in life’s joys and hardships.
For those who want to champion the Mayfield Cardinal Marching Band, there will be a community celebration at 10 a.m. Tuesday, Nov. 7, at the high school.
Will Spencer is a reporter for the Mayfield Messenger. Visit mayfield-messenger.com to read the full article.
Currently in Paducah
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: