The Brooklyn-bred DJ-turned-producer worked with Jay-Z, 50 Cent, The Notorious B.I.G. & more. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


DJ Clark Kent — born Rodolfo Franklin — has died at 58 years old following a three-year battle with colon cancer. Clark Kent’s family confirmed his death in a statement posted to the superproducer’s Instagram page on Friday afternoon (Oct. 25).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Rodolfo Antonio "Super DJ Clark Kent" Franklin		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“It is with deep sadness that we share the passing of the beloved Rodolfo A. Franklin, known to the world as DJ Clark Kent,” the statement reads. “Clark passed away Thursday evening surrounded by his devoted wife Kesha, daughter Kabriah and son Antonio.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	The post continued to touch on Clark Kent’s private battle with cancer. “Clark quietly and valiantly fought a three year battle with Colon Cancer, while continuing to share his gifts with the world,” they added. “The family is grateful for everyone’s love, support and prayers during this time and ask for privacy as they process this immense loss.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	A touching outpouring of support came from peers, friends and fans of the pioneering DJ-turned-producer in his comment section.

	“Clark will forever be the culture,” Questlove wrote, while Raekwon added: “Awwww mannnnn. we gon miss this legend. condolences to the loved ones.

	Fabolous commented: “Rest In Peace Legend. So many moments & memories. Spoke to me every time.. Believed in me & always rooted for Brooklyn. Shared gems with me every conversation. Saluted my fatherhood. . Connected me with shoe plugs. A true lover of hip hop. Honorable Father & Husband. Great advice giver. Solid on his opinions. & was a helluva a DJ at any function I attended & he was on the set. God’s Favorite DJ.”

	There were also tributes from Jim Jones, Dave East, Mickey Factz, Conway The Machine, Benny The Butcher, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Hit-Boy, Rob Markman and more.

	The Supermen frontman got his start as a DJ in the ’80s before scoring his first major hit in 1995 producing Junior M.A.F.I.A. and The Notorious B.I.G.’s “Player’s Anthem,” which peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 and served as Lil’ Kim’s introduction to the world.

	Clark Kent connected with Jay-Z and went on to produce a handful of tracks from Hov’s acclaimed Reasonable Doubt debut album in 1996 such as “Brooklyn’s Finest” featuring Biggie Smalls, “Coming of Age,” “Cashmere Thoughts” and more. 

	Adding to New York rap lore, Foxy Brown is Clark Kent’s cousin. The New York-bred DJ is also credited with discovering Bad Boy rapper-turned-politician Shyne in the late ’90s.

	










	He notched another commercial anthem when teaming up with Mariah Carey for Glitter‘s “Loverboy” in 2001, which reached No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.

	Clark Kent was a fixture in sneaker culture and an avid sneakerhead throughout his life. In 2018, he was estimated to have more than 3,500 pairs in his rare collection. 

	“We are deeply saddened by the passing of our dear friend and true cultural icon, DJ Clark Kent. At Nike, we were honored to collaborate with Clark on projects that celebrated not only his deep love for sneakers but also his unwavering dedication to pushing creative boundaries and elevating culture,” Nike said in a statement issued to Billboard by a company spokesperson. “His impact on the world of sneakers is beyond measure, with an influence that spans the globe and generations. Clark’s legacy will forever inspire future talent, leaving a lasting mark on our industry. Our hearts go out to Clark’s family, friends, and all those touched by his extraordinary talent, passion, and kindness. His presence will be greatly missed.”

	In more recent years, he’s credited as a co-producer on Ye (Kanye West) and Lil Pump’s “I Love It,” which gave him another top 10 hit on the Hot 100 in 2018. 

	DJ Clark Kent is survived by his wife Kesha, son Antonio and daughter Kabriah. Find the family statement below. Rest in peace to God’s Favorite DJ. 
A post shared by DJ Clark Kent (@djclarkkent)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.