She’s ready to rock ‘n’ roll.
Bianca Censori stepped out with husband Kanye West on Tuesday in Tokyo wearing a look that wouldn’t be out of place as part of an ’80s glam band.
The model, 29, showed off new long black hair that went past her shoulders, adding a headband around her forehead.
She also wore one of her signature barely-there looks, choosing a black backless halter top and tights over booty shorts rather than pants, finishing the outfit with black pumps.
West, meanwhile, also went with a monochromatic black look, wearing jeans and a matching jacket for their trip to Dover Street Market.
On Saturday, Censori rocked a wild, teased ‘do, though she normally favors a slicked-back bob or bun.
The couple, who married in December 2022, sparked divorce rumors earlier this month but quickly shut them down by showing PDA in Tokyo while wearing matching white outfits.
The pair have certainly had a controversial romance, as Censori’s clothing — or lack of — has always been at the forefront of fan confusion.
For nearly their entire relationship, the architect has worn a parade of sheer looks, shredded shirts, tiny bikini tops and more skin-baring outfits.
Despite the head-turning nature of her risqué wardrobe, it appears that Censori’s style is starting to catch on; West’s ex-wife, Kim Kardashian, even twinned with her on multiple occasions.
The Skims co-founder, who shares four children with West, has rocked a black bodysuit with knee-high moto boots and no pants, a fur bodysuit and a fur jacket with nothing but tights — as just a few examples seemingly following in Censori’s footsteps.
Kardashian even celebrated her 44th birthday on Sunday in a nude Diesel gown that wouldn’t look out of place on Censori.
All of the star’s indecent exposure have been with the goal of causing chatter, according to Page Six sources. Earlier this year, an insider exclusively told us that Censori “is a phenomenal personality, a phenomenal actor, who can entertain the public. She’s a performance artist. Bianca is as much a performer as Ye is.”
Last year, Page Six reported that West and Censori design the outfits together and have a “whole atelier in Italy” that creates her wardrobe on a day’s notice.
Advertisement