Bianca Censori wore another daring outfit to a lunch outing with her husband, Kanye West.
The 29-year-old went to the Los Angeles hotspot, Chateau Marmont, with the rapper and fully ignored the business casual dress code of the iconic hotel and restaurant. She wore barely there, high-waisted shorts and a nude-colored bikini top made up of string and two small pieces of fabric covering her nipples.
On her feet were closed-toed black stiletto heels. Her brunette locks were parted to the side with small pieces framing her face and the short cut barely touched the nape of her neck.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori goes braless under completely sheer shirt amid restaurant ban calls
READ MORE: Kanye West slammed for parading wife Bianca Censori like a 'sex pet' as she bares all
Bianca wore minimal makeup, giving her a natural look, and donned only minimal jewelry. Kanye was more covered up, wearing his signature all-black ensemble of shows, sweatpants, dark sunglasses, and a hoodie with the hood over his head.
About Bianca's risque outfit choice, a valet at the hotel told DailyMail.com: "She always dresses like that." The valet added: "She comes here all the time. I always know when she's here because there's always a lot of paparazzi."
The Yeezy architect last turned heads when she and Kanye were spotted leaving a Los Angeles movie theater earlier this week. Bianca wore a see-through tight shirt that was not a safe-for-work look.
Bianca is known for her racy outfits, and her recent string of them has people calling for her to be banned from various Los Angeles restaurants for indecent exposure. But it might not be a good strategic decision for the establishments to make.
Tray Gober, a trial lawyer and managing partner at the law firm of Lee, Gober and Reyna, told The Mirror: "Restaurants, as private entities, generally have the right to enforce specific dress codes, as long as these rules are applied fairly and consistently to all patrons."
"From a business perspective, such a move could attract both positive and negative attention, impacting the restaurant's image and possibly alienating some clientele while aligning with the preferences of others," Tray said.
He added: "It's a decision that should be carefully weighed against the establishment's brand values and the message they wish to convey to their broader customer base."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.