In what should be a surprise to no one, Donald Trump has turned his Bedminster club into a Nazi safe space.
Twice this summer, the disgraced ex-president opened the doors of his divot motel/ex-wife cemetery to host fundraisers for Capitol riot defendants. Perhaps the most infamous is Timothy Hale-Cusanelli, a neo-Nazi who was released from prison in December – one who wears a Hitler mustache and has expressed his opinion to coworkers that “Hitler should have finished the job,” and has seethed about a “Hasidic Jewish invasion” of New Jersey.
Trump has repeatedly defended these “hostages” for their actions on Jan. 6, which led to the deaths of five cops and injuries to 140 more, and he has vowed to pardon them all if reelected. This event kept that MAGA spirit alive: Trump welcomed all his friends with a video message that called them “amazing patriots.”
Then they all gave Hale-Cusanelli, a Navy contractor from Colts Neck, an award for promoting “God, family, and country” and cheered his acceptance speech.
Spot the irony, win valuable prizes: Trump often touts his support of Israel and says that the Jew who votes for Democrats this November “should have their head examined” and “are absolutely fools. . . .who should be ashamed of themselves,” and lately he has been calling Kamala Harris “antisemitic” even though she married a Jewish man.
But when the disgraced ex-president celebrates a sociopath who worships Der Führer, it begs to be asked: Why would any Jewish person vote for Donald Trump?
This event is hardly a one-off, even though the campaign claimed Trump was “not aware of this individual” after NPR broke this story. Actually, the nonprofit group (Patriot Freedom Project) founded in response to Hale-Cusanelli’s arrest actually sends its founder out to warm up crowds at Trump rallies.
“It is beyond ironic,” said Clifford M. Kulwin, the Rabbi Emeritus of Temple B’nai Abraham in Livingston. “First of all, the notion that Trump is unaware of the background of a person being honored at one of his signature properties is ludicrous.
“And as for why a Jew would vote for Donald Trump, well, that’s an excellent question.”
After white nationalists chanted, “Jews will not replace us” in Charlottesville in 2017 and fought with anti-racism protesters, Trump concluded that there were “very fine people, on both sides.”
He has used Mar-a-Lago to host the likes of antisemite Kanye West and Nick Fuentes, the Holocaust denier and white supremacist, who helped lead the charge on Jan. 6.”
Always Hitler-curious, he often uses language from the Nazi lexicon, arguing that immigrants entering the US are “poisoning the blood of our country” and calling opponents “vermin.”
If you like a farce, book a ticket for Bedminster. https://t.co/AbSt6F9IUv
And he embraces Tucker Carlson, who last week devoted a podcast to a Holocaust revisionist that he calls “the most important popular historian working today.” This “historian,” Darryl Cooper, spent two hours sharing a steaming pile of ahistorical rubbish and Nazi apologia that had Carlson enthralled, including his claim that killing six million Jews was “humane” because the Nazis had run out of food for their “prisoners of war”; and that the US fought on the wrong side of World War II because Hitler merely sought “peace.”
Trump even gave Carlson a prominent speaking slot at the Republican Convention, and chose – after Carlson’s intense lobbying – JD Vance for a running mate. On Saturday, Carlson will interview Vance at a live event in Hershey, Pa.
This is where Trump is having his next rally https://t.co/8JP8u6TSVk
Trump, meanwhile, will undoubtedly repeat his favorite antisemitic tropes -- that Jewish people who vote for Democrats “hate Israel” and “hate their religion,” and are “very disloyal to Israel.” It hardly matters that his claim that the Biden Administration has “abandoned Israel” has zero merit.
If anything, Biden has given Israel too much discretion on the use of American-made bombs in Gaza. And when Iran and its proxies fired 300 missiles at Israel in April, Biden ordered U.S. forces to help shoot them down.
All told, the US will give Israel $3.8 billion per year through 2028 for military equipment. No country has received more foreign aid from the US since World War II.
So we’ll ask again: Why would anyone vote for a candidate who makes the deeply offensive assumption that only he can define what Jewish interests are? In this case, one only has to judge the candidate by the company he keeps.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
In June 2024, Hale-Cusanelli spoke at a Patriot Freedom Project event at Trump Bedminster. Trump sent a video message to the event, praising all of the attendees as “amazing patriots.” pic.twitter.com/e5EijR79Si
Bookmark NJ.com/Opinion. Follow on Twitter @NJ_Opinion and find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices