By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:12, 22 December 2024   |  Updated:  22:37, 22 December 2024   
 31
View  comments
Kris Jenner stepped out with her beloved mother Mary Jo 'MJ' Campbell to do some Christmas shopping.
The duo hit up stores in Beverly Hills on Friday, December 20 while coordinating their looks in red sweaters.
MJ, 90, wore a red and black sweater with black trousers as she left the store alongside her daughter, using her walker for support 
Kris also wore a red sweater and black pants and added black sunglasses to her look. 
MJ had her hair styled in the bob haircut she has made her trademark over the many decades of having that hairstyle. 
The mother-daughter outing comes just before Kris joined her daughters at a Christmas party at Casa Vega in Sherman Oaks, California.
Kris Jenner stepped out with her beloved mother Mary Jo 'MJ' Campbell to do some Christmas shopping
Kris, Kim Kardashian, 44, and Khloé Kardashian, 40, all dressed to the nines for the event at the Mexican restaurant. 
Kris and Khloé had an accidental twinning moment as they showed up in the same minidress, albeit in different colors. 
Kris' styled the shirt dress look in white while the Good American founder opted for black. Both ladies wore over-the-knee boots in their respective colors. 
The festive party comes after Kim said her family's annual Christmas Eve party will be more 'low-key' this year.
Matriarch Kris started the tradition back in 1987 at her home, but in recent years, her daughters Kourtney Kardashian, 45, and Kim have hosted at their houses.
Kim explained that the gathering will be a little more 'intimate' this year, due to 'construction' work going on.
Kim is currently renovating her $60million Calabasas mansion while Khloé is also renovating the house she purchased right next to mom Kris Jenner's in Hidden Hills.
Speaking to Vogue, Kim shared: 'Just because we have a lot of construction going on, so we're doing a really family intimate one that I'm really excited about.'
The photogenic duo hit up stores in Beverly Hills on Friday, December 20 while coordinating their looks in red sweaters
Over the years, Kris and her kids have shared a lot of photos of MJ 
Kris shared a cute throwback photo with her mother Mary Jo Campbell for her 89th birthday in 2023
However, that won't stop the family getting all glammed up. Kim added: 'Still dressing up to the nines, because that's what we do.'
The Skims founder - who has North, 11, Saint, nine, Chicago, six, and five-year-old Psalm with ex-husband Kanye West - says the parties are so legendary that even their children's friends wish they could attend.
She has vowed to keep the festive family tradition going. She said: 'They're just beginning. Our kids love them and now all their friends want to come. It's such a fun tradition.'
Last year's celebration was held at Kim's home and featured a star-studded guest list that included Paris Hilton. 
Earlier this month, Kris celebrated the birthdays of her grandsons Mason and Reign, who share the same birth date.
The sons of Kourtney and Scott Disick, 41, turned 15 and 10 on December 14. 
'Happy birthday to my two incredible grandsons, Mason and Reign! Our birthday twins! I still can’t believe the two of you share the exact same birthday. What a special blessing that connects you forever,' Kris began in the lengthy caption.
'You are both so deeply loved, and I am endlessly grateful to God for choosing me to be your grandma.
Kris had on all white as she held a bottle of Kendall Jenner's 818 tequila at the party at Casa Vega
Also at the holiday bash was 40-year-old daughter Khloe Kardashian in a black dress with over-the-knee boots
'Mason, you are so kind, creative, smart, talented, and the best brother, son, grandson, cousin and friend. 
'Watching you grow up and become such a caring and wonderful young man is pure magic—you make us all so proud,' she wrote of the 15-year-old.
She then turned her attention to her younger grandson, writing, 'Reign, you bring so much energy, laughter, and joy wherever you go. Your inquisitive mind and vibrant personality light up every room. 
'You’re smart, funny, and full of so much love, and I feel blessed to witness the amazing little person you’re becoming,' she said. 
Jenner wrapped the post: 'You fill my life with so much pride and happiness, and I love you both with every bit of my heart and soul. I’m so proud of the incredible boys you are and excited for the amazing futures you both have ahead of you!  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group