By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:36, 31 May 2024   |  Updated:  00:39, 31 May 2024   
 61
View  comments
Kim Kardashian can fit exactly three things in her mini Hermes Kelly bag that cost her more than $37,000.
In the latest episode of The Kardashians, the SKIMS founder, 43, was out to dinner with her mother Kris Jenner, 68, and Ryan Murphy, 58.
'I love your little purse! What's in there? Lip balm?' Murphy asked.
Kim – who suggested using her OJ Simpson connection to get out of jury duty –  laughed and admitted the purse was actually empty, because she grabbed it as she was walking out the door.  
'But typically would be a piece of gum, a powder puff and a lipstick,' Kim said. 
Kim Kardashian can fit exactly three things in her mini Hermes Kelly bag that cost her more than $37,000
Kardashian held the miniature accessory while wearing a black corset and light-wash jeans.
Her hair was pulled up into a messy bun with a clip for dinner with the momager and American Horror Story producer. 
Kim starred on the most recent season of the long-running series. In Delicate, she played Hollywood publicist Siobhan Corbyn.
'You were really good,' Murphy said of Kim's acting skills, suggesting that they develop a series just for her – like one in which she is the 'world's best and most expensive divorce lawyer.'
That prompted the mom of four to quip that she had 'some experience' with divorce, having been married and divorced three times. 
She married producer Damon Thomas when she was 19 and divorced him three years later.
Then she married NBA player Kris Humphries in 2011 and that marriage lasted just 72 days.
Finally. she married rapper Kanye West in a lavish ceremony costing multiple millions in France in 2014 and divorced him in 2021. 
In the latest episode of The Kardashians, the SKIMS founder, 43, was out to dinner with her mother Kris Jenner, 68, and Ryan Murphy, 58
'I love your little purse! What's in there? Lip balm?' Murphy asked
Kim laughed and admitted the purse was empty because she grabbed it as she was walking out the door
'But typically would be a piece of gum, a powder puff and a lipstick,' Kim said
In a confessional, Kim said she may seek out more acting jobs
The beauty starred on the most recent season of the long-running series. In Delicate, she played Hollywood publicist Siobhan Corbyn
As Murphy continued to wax philosophically about the series – which is coming to Hulu at an undetermined date – the busy entrepreneur wondered it if was too much.
Kim's character in the series is inspired by her actual divorce attorney Laura Wasser, who represented her during her divorces from Humphries and West.
Kim is a self-professed workaholic balancing her businesses, her kids, her family and the reality show.
'I know I don't need to add another thing to my schedule, but it's so different from what I do, so I just want to see this out,' Kim said in a confessional about acting.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group