By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:53, 21 May 2024   |  Updated:  13:35, 22 May 2024   
 410
View  comments
Amber Rose has revealed she is endorsing Donald Trump for President of the United States in 2024, sparking outrage among her fans.
The 40-year-old model posted a photo of her posing with Trump, 77, and his wife Melania, 54, at a black-tie event on Monday.
The former president is the presumed Republican front-runner in the 2024 race.
Rose stated in the caption, 'Trump 2024 ususus,' which lead to a slew of backlash from fans in the comments. 
Rose has long been an advocate for women's rights - creating Slutwalk in 2015 in an effort to end rape culture and victim blaming.
Amber Rose has never been one to shy away from controversy, a tradition she continued on Monday when she endorsed Donald Trump for President of the United States
Rose stated in the caption, 'Trump 2024 ususus,' which lead to a slew of backlash from fans in the comments
Many are seeing her endorsement of Trump as hypocritical, given his multiple sexual harassment allegations and him being instrumental in abolishing Roe v. Wade. 
@nubian_throne said, 'Imagine being an “advocate” for women’s rights and endorsing Trump and his party who reversed Roe V Wade. Wild.'
Producer/actor/lawyer Nathan Hale Williams said from his verified account, 'Unfollow with the quickness. He is against everything I thought you stood for. Bye girl.'
@trvp.bxz brought up her recent feud with Joseline Hernandez on College Hill: Celebrity Edition, adding, 'As Joseline said , You really just wana be a white girl.'
Rose and Hernandez clashed over race, and when Hernandez said she, 'really wanna be white girl,' Rose appeared to strike her, though the footage was not shown. 
@princetonboy915 added, 'AMBER, HE’S LITERALLY AGAINST EVERYTHING YOU STAND FOR! WTF?!?!?!
Actor/activist Amber Whittington added, 'Damn Amber… You’re a Bisexual woman of color that runs a movement that stands up for Women’s rights and their power against anyone that abuses it….that’s literally OPPOSITE of what he supports…smdh.'
Blakely Nieman Thornton stated, 'Go to sleep babe, you’re drunk,' while Vivica A. Fox added, 'WTF?? #GURLBYE' and Bob The Drag Queen said, 'AMBER?!?!?! WTF.'
@nubian_throne said, 'Imagine being an “advocate” for women’s rights and endorsing Trump and his party who reversed Roe V Wade. Wild'
Rose stated in the caption, 'Trump 2024 ususus,' which lead to a slew of backlash from fans in the comments
@trvp.bxz brought up her recent feud with Joseline Hernandez on College Hill: Celebrity Edition, adding, 'As Joseline said , You really just wana be a white girl'
Actor/activist Amber Whittington added, 'Damn Amber… You’re a Bisexual woman of color that runs a movement that stands up for Women’s rights and their power against anyone that abuses it….that’s literally OPPOSITE of what he supports…smdh'
Blakely Nieman Thornton stated, 'Go to sleep babe, you’re drunk,' while Vivica A. Fox added, 'WTF?? #GURLBYE' and Bob The Drag Queen said, 'AMBER?!?!?! WTF.'
Chantel Watkins added, 'Ain't nothing in that baldhead
Eli Oneil said, 'Unfollowing. Joseline was right about you'
Chantel Watkins added, 'Ain't nothing in that baldhead' while Eli Oneil said, 'Unfollowing. Joseline was right about you.'
Interestingly enough, Rose's endorsement comes nearly two months after she revealed on Just B With Bethenny Frankel that she's always been 'conservative.'
'I am conservative actually. I have always been conservative since I was young,' adding when she started dating Kanye West in 2008 she became, 'this sexpot type of girl.'
'That was my first relationship with a celebrity ever but also in the public eye. And he knows a lot about fashion and he always wanted me to dress very sexy,' she said.
'And I'm like, "Ugh, I'm so not her." Like, I'm so not her and I get what I come off as but I am so not her,' Rose insisted.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group