Listen to new must-hear songs from emerging R&B/hip-hop artists like Ashoka and Dajah Dorn.

	If the air smells a bit different, that’s because Olympics season is in full effect. Every four years we rally around the best and most impressive athletes from our respective nations and cheer them on as they seek to dominate the literal world stage at the 2024 Paris Summer Olympics. From Simone Biles and Katie Ledecky to LeBron James and Noah Lyles, Team USA is stacked — so it’s only right that they got Queen Bey to introduce them.

	Reworking “Ya Ya” — a standout Cowboy Carter track that Billboard ranked as the album’s best song — Beyoncé introduced the premier athletes of our “big, bold, beautiful, [and] complicated” nation. Queen Bey’s surprise appearance helped kick off an Olympics that has already featured its fair share of hip-hop and R&B moments — including Flavor Flav‘s support for the U.S. women’s water polo team, Ye (Formerly Kanye West) and Jay-Z‘s “N—as in Paris” becoming an unofficial theme song, Snoop Dogg‘s affirmations with gymnast Suni Lee and gymnast Jordan Chiles’ Beyoncé-inspired floor performance routine.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Outside of the intersection of music and sports, the worlds of R&B and hip-hop remained as bustling as ever over the weekend. From Ice Spice to Rakim, superstar rookies and undisputed legends came through with new albums, and hip-hop stars (Swae Lee and Lil Pump among them) continued to give their opinions on the upcoming presidential election.

	With Fresh Picks, Billboard aims to highlight some of the best and most interesting new sounds across R&B and hip-hop — from TA Thoma’s sultry new ballad to Skilla Baby and Bossman Dlow’s latest link-up. Be sure to check out this week’s Fresh Picks in our Spotify playlist below.

Freshest Find: TA Thomas, “Angry”

	Hailing from the Mississippi Delta, TA Thomas has been making impressive strides all year. The R&B singer-songwriter had a pair of knockout features with MaKenzie (“Maybe”) and The Amours (“Pick Me Up”) — both of which made the Fresh Picks column in previous weeks — and he’s been no slouch with his solo offerings. His latest single, the Ray Keys-helmed “Angry,” is an unapologetic ode to the lustful underbelly of purposely picking fights with the intention of turning that combative energy into a sexual release. Even outside of those carnal subtleties, “Angry” showcases the beauty of experiencing the full emotional spectrum with the person you love the most. “I’m just tryna push you the limit/ See how far it goes/ Tell me that you had enough/ But your clothes on the floor/ There you go choosing violence/ Girl, putting you hands on me,” he croons with a soulful, slightly tongue-in-cheek tone.

	










Skilla Baby & Bossman Dlow, “Booby Trap on the River”

	An ode to the famed 24/7 nude Miami strip club, Skilla Baby and Bossman Dlow toast to the 305’s Booby Trap on the River. “I’m in the yams at Booby Trap havin’ a ball,” Skilla boasts over the ominous piano-looped production. Dlow takes the baton and incorporates the Detroit native’s signature “Ha” ad-lib into his verse while Skilla returns the favor and pulls from Dlow’s “Get In With Me” anthem. “These Chanel shoes, these ain’t no Huaraches,” he raps. Bossman Dlow’s rookie of the year case just keeps getting stronger. 

Dajah Dorn, “Love U 4 Free”

	Across a subdued, dembow-inspired beat, rising R&B star Dajah Dorn reiterates her priceless commitment to her lover. Needlz’s gentle production allows for the different textures of Daja’s voice to shine through. At times, she opts for a starry-eyed lovestruck tone, but by the time she reaches the hook, she injects a bit of huskiness into her voice to underscore how serious her commitment to the act of loving is. “I just need you to recognize/ No matter the moment/ I will always put you first/ Even love you at your worst,” she coos in the pre-chorus.

Denise Julia & Thuy, “Twin Flames”

	A Filipina-Viet link-up leads to a baddie anthem. Denise Julia and Thuy mesh their silky vocals to serenade each other and celebrate sisterhood with the compassionate “Twin Flames.” The duo open their hearts and prove that besties can come in all different shapes and sizes with the succulent R&B bop. “But I’m all about it, ain’t no need to prove it/ ‘Cause I think I just found the one,” Julia sings in dazzling fashion. Following Denise’s robust debut project last year, the anticipation for the 22-year-old’s official debut LP just got turned up a few notches. 

	










RINI, “Matter to You”

	There’s very little that can go wrong with a healthy dose of falsetto and a rousing guitar solo. With his latest single, Melbourne-raised R&B singer RINI absolutely nails that combo. “But I’ll admit it/ Lately I’ve been losing sight of our love/ All the little things that matter to you most,” he sings regretfully, laying bare that, despite the love that he has for his partner, he hasn’t shown up in the relationship the way that he knows he should. “Matter to You” is a very well-paced song, one that grows more intense with each passing second and eventually finds catharsis in that tear-streaked closing guitar solo, which finally moves away from the vocal restraint he displays on most of the track.

Ian & Lil Yachty, “Hate Me”

	It was only a matter of time before Ian and Lil Yachty teamed up after hitting the stage together last month at Chicago’s Summer Smash festival. The 19-year-old puts his haters on blast while rapping with spatial awareness, but Ian may have unknowingly delivered a bar that every 9-5 worker can relate to: “I’m just praying I made it to Friday.” Boat promises his net worth is beating out any rapper in his generation and he’s putting his mom’s life on it. “Know I’m richer than your favorite rapper If I’m not, then, God, kill my momma, huh,” he declares. Ian continues to prove he’s not a fad, and has no plans of fading — as his “Magic Johnson” also continues to grow in popularity. 

Ashoka, “PGA”

	Rockland County, New York native Ashoka returns with his first release since his Dreamers Valley debut album last year. PGA might look familiar to golf enthusiasts, but this one is for the ladies with the “Pretty Girl Anthem.” Ashoka dubbed the swooning pluggnb track as a “modern-day love song” while doubling as the ultimate hype man for his girl. “You the prettiest in your friends, you the prettiest in this club, you the prettiest in this gym, you the prettiest in this party, you the prettiest on the Gram,” he croons.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.