Tickets are still available for both weekends, despite having gone live a week ago
Coachella has seen its slowlest ticket sales in a decade, with passes for both weekends still currently available — a week after they went live.
According to a report from SFGate in 2015, Coachella sold out in just "40 minutes" whereas in 2022 tickets had taken four hours to sell out.
For this year's festival, tickets are still available to purchase for both weekends — after going live on January 19.
According to its website, a general pass for the first weekend costs $499 (£392) whilst a pass for its second weekend costs $549 (£431.28).
Read this next: What is Coachella?
Last week, the full line-up to its 2024 edition was revealed with headliners Doja Cat, Tyler, The Creator and Lana Del Rey all of whom have previously performed at the festival.
Also on the bill include a host of electronic music acts such as Peggy Gou, Orbital, BICEP, Two Shell, Mall Grab and Skream & Benga.
Justice will be making their return to performing at the festival, with their debut performance of their as-yet-unseen new live show set for the main stage.
Coachella is known for being one of the most famous music festivals in the world, spanning across two weekends in April — yet in recent years, it has seen some last minute changes to its line-up.
In 2022, Kanye West was pulled from his headline slot just a week before the festival, as TMZ reported that the festival believed that the rapper needed time to “work on himself”.
Read this next: 8 photos of Do LaB, Coachella's dance music epicentre
On top of this, last year’s headliner Frank Ocean was unable to perform for the second weekend citing a leg injury.
Ocean told Pitchfork after his slot on the first weekend that his performance was “chaos”, and not what he “intended to show”.
After the news of Ocean’s last-minute cancellation, People searching Google for “sell Coachella tickets” more than quadrupled jumping by 445%.
Coachella 2024 will take place across two weekends from April 12 to 14 and April 19 to 21 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California.
Tickets are still on sale for this year’s Coachella. Get your ticket here and check out the full line-up below.
A post shared by Coachella (@coachella)
Becky Buckle is Mixmag's Multimedia Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.