Esquire sorts out "Shadesgate"
In 2007, I met a largely pre-problematic Kanye West at London’s Landmark Hotel. 
I was there to interview him about his upcoming third album, Graduation. 
West was busy, as befitted the overachieving multi-hyphenate. 
(Graduation brilliantly combined elements of euro-disco, rock, rap, krautrock, dancehall and about a million other genres, featured guest spots from everyone from T-Pain to Chris Martin, and came with a cover drawn by the Japanese pop artist Takashi Murakami.)
West had, he told me by way of an introduction, been up all night mixing a video, planning his live shows and I forget what else – possibly designing trainers.
Not a problem, he explained. 
“I don’t need sleep.” 
It was 10am. As the interview got underway, West put his feet up on the sofa in the five-star foyer – and promptly nodded off. 
It sticks in the memory because an almost identical thing happened to me in another hotel room a couple of weeks later, with Nas.
This time, as the Illmatic hitmaker slumped forward, his  PR was on-hand.
“He’s just thinking,” she said.
But them the snoring started, and the game was up. 
You can blame jet lag (American superstars flying into London to do last-minute promotion). You can blame my boring questions (to lose one rapper may be regarded as a misfortune, to lose two looks like carelessness).
Either way, the musicians’ blushes (as if they cared!) were saved to some extent by the fact they were both wearing sunglasses. 
The precise point at which I switched up my Paxman-like interrogation technique to expertly put them at their ease to such a degree they were comfortable grabbing forty winks may never be known – their eyes were obscured by dark glasses.
The issue of wearing sunglasses indoors came up again this weekend, following an appearance by another overachieving American multi-hyphenate. 
Pharrell was a guest on The Graham Norton Show. 
As we’ve come to expect from the show’s charmingly random guestlist, he was sandwiched between Billy Crystal, promoting something called Before on Apple TV, and Emily Mortimer and Hugh Bonneville, doing the rounds for Paddington in Peru. 
While Bonneville and Crystal were wearing traditional dark suits, Pharrell came dressed as Pharrell. 
That’s to say he was wearing a navy zip-through top, mirrored Human Made cap, Louis Vuitton flared washed denim jeans, and a $1.8m Richard Mille x Ferrari watch. 
The Daily Mail didn’t mind any of that. 
But they did object to the fact he was wearing sunglasses. 
“Pharrell is SLAMMED,” it thundered. His outfit choice apparently being both “rude” and “disrespectful”. 
“Many viewers were less than impressed with Pharrell’s decision to wear sunglasses throughout the duration of the show,” it noted.
And it had the evidence from Twitter/X to back it up.
“Why is Pharrell wearing sunglasses? I know he’s cool but please!”
“Why is he wearing sunglasses indoors?... I love Pharrell, but take your sunglasses off #GrahamNortonShow”
“Why is Pharrell Williams wearing sunglasses on Graham Norton... you're embarrassing me in front of Billy Crystal”
Obviously, no one wants to be embarrassed in front of Billy Crystal – even if it’s through their TV set. 
But it did raise an issue of etiquette: can you wear sunglasses indoors? Should you? And is it really rude and disrespectful to do so, in 2024?
Leaving aside that some people require dark glasses for medical reasons, aka The Bono Excuse – ironically, Pharrell used the Graham Norton interview to discuss his sound-colour synesthesia, meaning he sees specific colours when he hears certain sounds – Esquire is of a mind to suggest that, actually, indoor-shades are perfectly fine.
In fact, they’re literally a good look.
Sunglasses have long been a staple of the red carpet, both inside and out, of course. 
And celebrities have always used them to “become” themselves.
“With my sunglasses on, I’m Jack Nicholson,” said Jack Nicholson. "Without them, I’m fat and 60.”
(This was a while ago. He's 87 now. Still in shades.)
But ever since fashion brands had the genius idea of marketing winter sunglasses at non-snowboarding city-dwelling civilians, hence making the accessory a credible year-round option, their take-up has grown exponentially. 
Sure, you need UV protection in London right now in the same way you need shark repellent, but that’s hardly the point.
Charli XCX has made perma-shades part of her zeitgeist-conquering look – and she’s from Essex.
Other fans include The Dare, Snoop Dogg, Julian Casablancas, Robert Downey Jr, Timothée Chalamet – possibly in prep for his role playing the don of dark shades, Bob Dylan – and, of course, Anna Wintour.
Gucci, Dior, Loewe and Saint Laurent all sent sunglasses down the catwalk for the traditionally unsunny season of Autumn/Winter 2024-5.
In the current Balenciaga lookbook every single model is wearing shades.
“Wearing sunglasses all year round, summer and winter, sunshine and rain, inside and outside, on your face or even on top of your head, is not quite the gauche, self-regarding faux pas it used to be,” says Esquire contributing editor and style authority Simon Mills. 
“Without our sunglasses we are ordinary Joes – but buy a pair of knock-off aviators and a Mr Benn-like transformation occurs. We become stars in our own private Heat magazine drama.”
Plus, Mills points out, in the case of Pharrell and his Kenzo sunnies – it’s his thing. 
“It would have been a lot weirder if Billy Crystal had worn shades.”
Stephen Doig, men’s style editor at the Telegraph and deputy editor of Telegraph Luxury, is a card-carrying member of the Shades Indoors Club – and is inclined to agree.
“As a disciple of the church of dark shades, online sniping about Pharrell’s sunglasses is tediously middle England,” he says. 
“Yes, there are situations in which wearing sunglasses is impolite and socially unacceptable – see Anna Wintour wearing her signature sunglasses to sit alongside the late Queen Elizabeth. Wearing them in a church wedding, or to job interview? No. There’s an aloofness and an unapproachability to shades indoors that oozes attitude, and that can get people’s backs up. But sometimes you want to be a little inaccessible.
“Shades are part of people’s uniform these days, and they’re also helpful armour in today’s indoor landscape of hideous fluorescent lighting. Plus, they’re particularly helpful when you’re feeling weary and less than fresh.”
And perhaps also, it scarcely needs adding, should you want to grab a quick zizz during an especially dull interview. 
The Best Fragrances for Men In 2025
The Evolution of Tyler, The Creator's Style
The Best Burberry Aftershaves
How to Buy the The Air Jordan 1 “UNC﻿” Sneaker
What the Hell Are Hedi Boys?
What To Expect from The Met Gala 2025
The Inside Track on F1
Secure Grand National Tour Merch Now
David Beckham's Most Influential Style Moments
Lewis Pullman on 'Thunderbolts*,' Style, and More
The Shirt That A-Listers Are Wearing This Summer
When Social Media Shopping Goes So Very Wrong
ESQUIRE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.