arts entertainmentPop Music
By Thor Christensen
John Legend is all-too-familiar with a certain piece of advice for outspoken performers: Shut up and sing.
“I’ve always looked up to artists who didn’t shut up and sing,” says Legend, a longtime champion of social reform who sang at the Democratic National Convention in August.
“I take inspiration from Nina Simone, Bob Dylan, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin and so many great artists who used their voice to speak out for peace and justice. They took their platform seriously and used it to do more than just entertain and make money for themselves.”
If it’s true that there’s a proper time and place to talk politics, then Legend’s Christmas tour probably isn’t one of them.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
“This show is gonna be about celebrating all the things that we have in common, across the divides,” says Legend, who performs Dec. 13 at WinStar World Casino. “It’s about embracing that festive holiday spirit despite our differences.”
The first Black male performer to achieve EGOT status (he’s won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony), Legend lives in Los Angeles with his wife, model-actor Chrissy Teigen, and their four children. I spoke to him by phone from LA  last month before he launched his holiday tour. Our conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
On this tour, you’re mixing hits with songs from your 2018 album A Legendary Christmas. What Christmas music did you love most as a child?
All of our extended family would gather around the piano at the end of the night and sing songs from A Motown Christmas like the Temptations’ version of “Silent Night.” We would sing Donny Hathaway’s “This Christmas” and classic hymns and “Rudolph, the Red Nose Reindeer.” All of it. The [reason for] making a Christmas album in the first place was remembering those amazing family gatherings, and on this Christmas tour, I’m gonna try to re-create some of that warmth and festive feeling.
You grew up in Springfield, Ohio, a blue-collar town. How did your early life shape your career?
We were a blue-collar family, and my parents are very devout Christians. My dad was a factory worker and my mother stayed at home with us. And it was a really musical family. My grandmother was the church organist and my mother was the choir director, and so a lot of the values and a lot of my first musical experiences came from the Pentecostal Church. All of that made me the artist who I am.
Fame can be disorienting and difficult to handle. How prepared were you for it?
One good thing about my path was I was collaborating with people who were more successful and more famous. I was on the road with Kanye [West], like an understudy in a way, so I was seeing his ascent before my own ascent happened, which gave me a chance to experience some of it before it happened directly to me.
Also, the age that I was at the time that I became famous [25], I had already gone to college, I was already paying my own bills, living a grown-up life on my own. So my personality was more fully formed. I knew who I was. I was more firmly grounded than I think a lot of artists are when they get in this business as teenagers.
You earned two Grammy nominations for your recent children’s album My Favorite Dream. Your two older kids sing on the album, and you posted photos of all of your children on social media to promote the album. What are the pros and cons of putting your kids in the spotlight?
We have friends that are well-known public figures who don’t want to share pictures of their kids, and I definitely understand why. You could go either way on that decision. We felt like it’s easier for us to be ourselves if we’re not always hiding things. We share what’s going on in our lives, including our kids.
Our family is such a big part of who we are as public figures. Chrissy’s such a leader in the food space, she’s making stuff in our kitchen all the time, creating recipes for families. It would feel more unnatural for us to not share our family than it would be for us to share them.
As a coach on The Voice, you’ve given lots of advice. What’s the best advice someone gave you early in your career?
Early on, one of my favorite things was from the late, great Quincy Jones, who said, “Steal from the best.” Which means, “Study the greats so that you know what great really is, so you set a standard for yourself and so those influences work their way into your own art.” I tell that to my artists all the time on The Voice.
In concert, you often sing Bob Marley’s “Redemption Song” and its famous line “emancipate yourself from mental slavery.” What does that song mean to you?
It means it’s important to know your history, but it’s also important to not be a prisoner of your history, to not let the past limit your horizon and your future. I think he was speaking partly about the history of colonization, white supremacy and the subjugation of Black  people, globally. He was encouraging oppressed people to free themselves by freeing their mind. And I think that’s a powerful message.
You’ve been a vocal supporter of the Democratic Party for years, and more recently, for Kamala Harris. What are your thoughts, post-election?
America has decided Donald Trump is our president-elect. And now it’s the job of citizens to hold our representatives accountable to do the right thing for the people. And it’s not just about the president. It’s about our local and state government, all of that. I encourage people to be engaged citizens and make their voices heard up and down the ballot, throughout the year, and not just during presidential elections.
What’s the biggest misconception about you or your music?
I feel like sometimes people think I’m just a balladeer, because my most successful songs have been ballads. But my entire body of work is pretty diverse and dynamic. That’s a misconception that annoys me just a little bit. I wish people would give my full repertoire more of a listen and appreciate the range that I’ve shown.
8 p.m. Dec. 13 at WinStar World Casino, 777 Casino Ave., Thackerville, Okla. $85 and up. winstar.com.
Thor Christensen is a former pop music critic for The Dallas Morning News and The Milwaukee Journal whose work has appeared in The New York Times and several books. He’s interviewed two Beatles, a pair of Rolling Stones and hundreds of musicians from Beyoncé to Bono to David Bowie. He’s a Chicago native and a longtime resident of East Dallas.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.