Graeme Thomson							

					Edinburgh Playhouse				

					Usher Hall, Edinburgh				
Towards the end of Declan McKenna’s snappy, enjoyable 90-minute set at the Edinburgh International Festival, something quite powerful occurs. The English singer-songwriter returns alone to the stage for the encore and proceeds to play a version of ABBA’s ‘Slipping Through My Fingers’ with only his electric guitar as accompaniment.
It becomes a strange, emotionally layered moment. A young musician singing from the perspective of a parent ruefully reflecting on their child growing up, away and beyond reach; a predominantly teenage crowd singing those words back to him; and the older members of the audience, many attending with their own kids, staring blurrily into the middle distance.
The first song is called ‘Bongo Monologue’ and lives up – or down – to its title
It’s odd, but it makes a kind of sense. At the somewhat stodgy all-seated Playhouse, the massed ranks of youths rise to their feet the instant McKenna and his four-piece band walk onstage and remain upright for the entire set. The Circle was literally bouncing. In many ways, like thousands of good-looking young folk before him, McKenna is first and foremost a conduit for the eternal pop mission statement: unfiltered adolescent self-expression.
Yet he is also a modern-day indie star with pan-generational appeal. His earlier material reflects an obvious love of Bowie, Dylan, Talking Heads and, yes, ABBA. The poppier end of the spectrum at his Edinburgh gig – ‘Brazil’, ‘The Kids Don’t Wanna Come Home’, ‘Make Me Your Queen’, ‘Why Do You Feel So Down’ – defaults to lithe, rhythmic pop with a vaguely tropical lilt. Fun and frenetic, direct and only a little gauche.
His third album, What Happened to the Beach?, released in February, is a different affair. It skews towards the kind of guitar-heavy psychedelic terrain familiar to fans of Tame Impala, Unknown Mortal Orchestra and Django Django.

								Graeme Thomson							

			Topics in this article 

Trending

 


More on
edinburgh international festival

 


Also by
Graeme Thomson

 


Latest

 

Be part of the conversation with other Spectator readers by getting your first three months for £3.
Already a subscriber? Log in