A Gavin and Stacey fan-favourite is set to star in the final episode of the beloved BBC programme years after her last appearance.


  Sheridan Smith, who plays Smithy's laid-back sister Ruth 'Rudi' Smith, will return to our screens after more than a decade.


  She did not make an appearance in the most recent Christmas Special in 2019 but a source has said she is "over the moon" to be back.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by James Corden (@j_corden)






A post shared by James Corden (@j_corden)


  The source close to the BBC show told The Sun: "She is an incredible actress and stepped straight back into Rudi’s shoes."


  The source said that while it may have been 14 years since she last starred as Rudi, she had jumped straight back into the role as if "no time had passed at all".


  They said: "Sheridan was over the moon she could go back into the fold and her scenes are brilliant."


  In her last Gavin and Stacey series which aired all the way back in 2010, Rudi took part in a number of iconic moments, rapping Estelle and Kanye West's American Boy and wearing wheelies in a shopping centre.


  It was previously reported that she was in "informal discussions" to return to the show and it was claimed that she was "friendly" with her former show partners.


  The source told The Mirror: "All of the stops are being pulled out to make sure the whole cast are there, and in the coming weeks the production team hope to pin down everyone’s availability."


  They added: "Sheridan and James are still friendly – they recently bumped into each other at the Variety Club Awards and got on really well.


  "So, the hope is that she will be able to be part of it."


  News of the final episode was confirmed all the way back in May when James Corden and Ruth Jones shared a selfie of themselves holding the finale script.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.