Bianca Censori is baring her butt in the name of fashion.
The wife of Kanye West showed off her assets in Los Angeles Friday night by leaving almost nothing to the imagination with a sheer thong bodysuit that had her cheeks fully on display.
She wore the revealing outfit — which also showed off her perky chest — to an album listening party for West’s upcoming “Vultures 2.”
The 29-year-old architectural designer continued her no-pants trend by pairing the bodysuit with nothing but black tights that featured proactive garter-style cutouts. She completed the outfit with black pumps and had her short brunette hair slicked back.
West, 46, wore a much more conservative outfit that included a gray Yeezy hoodie ($20) worn under his go-to leather Balenciaga coat. He opted for black pants and boots on the bottom.
Censori’s decision to wear risqué attire again comes less than a week after she was seen in Paris wearing a much more demure ensemble that covered her décolletage and legs.
Her father, Leo Censori, reportedly “wants to have a proper sit down with Kanye and ask him what the hell he is thinking when he parades Bianca around like a trashy naked trophy pony.”
“He wants to ask Kanye what he would do if his daughters North, or Chicago, were seen in public half-naked in outfits encouraged by their husbands,” the insider added last week, per the Daily Mail.
For more Page Six Style ..
Bianca’s friends have reportedly already tried talking to her about the decisions she makes with West, but they claim their pleas have fallen on deaf ears.
The Australian model seems very comfortable in her skin when wearing revealing clothes, though.
Page Six is live from the Oscars! Sign up to text with us for the inside scoop all weekend long.
Just last week, she turned heads by stepping out in Paris wearing a sheer tank top and matching tights with no undergarments underneath, meaning all of her curves were uncovered.
Bianca also went commando for Paris Fashion Week with sheer tights on her bottom half. However, she decided to cover up her chest with a cropped fur jacket.
The brunette beauty, who has been married to West since 2022, also chose another bold outfit at Milan Fashion Week with a look that showed off her derrière via a thong bodysuit.
Advertisement