Skip to comments.
Posted on 10/13/2024 9:31:11 AM PDT by Redmen4ever
Trump 47, Harris 46, RFK Jr 2, Stein (Green) 1, Oliver (Libt) 1
(Excerpt) Read more at s3.documentcloud.org ...
Given the tilt in the Electoral College relative to the nationwide popular vote, if Trump loses the nationwide popular vote by no more than 2 points, he wins. Plus, this year the Green Party candidate is on the ballot in six of the seven battleground states (the exception is Nevada). Four years ago, neither Kanye West nor the Green Party candidate were on the ballot in any of the battleground states. Demanding strict compliance with signatures and deadlines for third parties, and relaxing standards for mail-in absentee voting should have been unconstitutional. But, what the heck, Democrat lawyers and Democrat election officials don't put fairness first. They put winning first. Finally, while I like the methodology of the NBC poll (as well as the New York Times/Siena College, Fox and Wall Street Journal polls), they were biased by about 3 points four years ago. (There are worse polls, e.g., NPR/PBS/Marist College Poll. And even worse polls, Bloomberg/Morning Consult Poll.) Considering all these things, as well as the results in the polls that did well four years ago (such as Atlas Intelligence, Emerson College, Insider Advantage, Rasmussen and even Cyngal, a Republican pollster), and we look pretty good. But, I give you the real proof we're looking pretty good. Trump campaigning in California, primarily to win the nationwide popular vote and also to help our Congressional candidates. And, the Democrats already saying we should scrap the Electoral College.

Plus, this year the Green Party candidate is on the ballot in six of the seven battleground states (the exception is Nevada). Four years ago, neither Kanye West nor the Green Party candidate were on the ballot in any of the battleground states. Demanding strict compliance with signatures and deadlines for third parties, and relaxing standards for mail-in absentee voting should have been unconstitutional. But, what the heck, Democrat lawyers and Democrat election officials don't put fairness first. They put winning first. Finally, while I like the methodology of the NBC poll (as well as the New York Times/Siena College, Fox and Wall Street Journal polls), they were biased by about 3 points four years ago. (There are worse polls, e.g., NPR/PBS/Marist College Poll. And even worse polls, Bloomberg/Morning Consult Poll.) Considering all these things, as well as the results in the polls that did well four years ago (such as Atlas Intelligence, Emerson College, Insider Advantage, Rasmussen and even Cyngal, a Republican pollster), and we look pretty good. But, I give you the real proof we're looking pretty good. Trump campaigning in California, primarily to win the nationwide popular vote and also to help our Congressional candidates. And, the Democrats already saying we should scrap the Electoral College.

Finally, while I like the methodology of the NBC poll (as well as the New York Times/Siena College, Fox and Wall Street Journal polls), they were biased by about 3 points four years ago. (There are worse polls, e.g., NPR/PBS/Marist College Poll. And even worse polls, Bloomberg/Morning Consult Poll.) Considering all these things, as well as the results in the polls that did well four years ago (such as Atlas Intelligence, Emerson College, Insider Advantage, Rasmussen and even Cyngal, a Republican pollster), and we look pretty good. But, I give you the real proof we're looking pretty good. Trump campaigning in California, primarily to win the nationwide popular vote and also to help our Congressional candidates. And, the Democrats already saying we should scrap the Electoral College.

Considering all these things, as well as the results in the polls that did well four years ago (such as Atlas Intelligence, Emerson College, Insider Advantage, Rasmussen and even Cyngal, a Republican pollster), and we look pretty good. But, I give you the real proof we're looking pretty good. Trump campaigning in California, primarily to win the nationwide popular vote and also to help our Congressional candidates. And, the Democrats already saying we should scrap the Electoral College.

But, I give you the real proof we're looking pretty good. Trump campaigning in California, primarily to win the nationwide popular vote and also to help our Congressional candidates. And, the Democrats already saying we should scrap the Electoral College.

All good points.
It will be a Festivus Miracle when all the fake ballots show up and Harris wins
It will be hard for the Dims to print so many fake ballots so they will probably turn up (”be found”) a week or two past the election day. But no matter: ” All votes must be counted!’
/s
What really burns me up is not the Democrat cheating (see my tagline). It’s how the GOP elite ignored it in 2020. Their comments ranged from “there was no cheating” to “there was cheating, but not enough to make a difference.”
It was quite obvious that the GOP elite preferred Biden to Trump. Biden was one of them (a Deep Stater). Trump was a brash outsider.
We can only hope that Trump’s margin of victory is greater than the cheating.
So we can take no chances. Gotta get everyone we possibly can on the Trump Train.
“Multi-candidate race”
Are you stupid?
Are you, or are you just a rude speak before you think loudmouth?
WTF are you talking about?


Disclaimer:
    Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual
    posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its
    management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the
    exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.





Free Republic
Browse
  · Search



News/Activism
Topics
  · Post Article





FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794


FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson



Disclaimer:
    Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual
    posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its
    management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the
    exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.