Kanye West stuffed his face as he and his wife, Bianca Censori, headed to dinner in Italy for Valentine’s Day Wednesday.
In photos obtained by Page Six, the “All of the Lights” rapper was seen chowing down on a sandwich while waiting for the Australian model to get into a black SUV in Florence. 
He quickly finished his sandwich before also getting into the same vehicle.
The couple — who tied the knot in December 2022 — were then seen walking up the stairs into a local restaurant for a date night. 
West, 46, sported his signature all-black look for the outing, wearing a jacket and cargo pants. 
Censori, 29, was more covered up than usual, wearing a long, black leather trench coat and heels and her dark hair was slicked to the back.
The outing came days after the Grammy winner took to social media to defend himself against trolls who criticized him for posting risqué photos of his wife.
“Y’all, I just want to tell everybody I posted my wife three times on purpose,” he told the camera in an Instagram video Monday while he and Censori — who was wearing a skin-tight YZY romper ($20) — were walking through an airport.
For more Page Six you love…
“So what I’m saying is, I delivered the album. And people still in my comments talking ’bout, ‘Why you posting your wife?’” he continued, referring to his and Ty Dolla $ign’s newly released album, “Vultures 1.”
West added that Censori makes him “happy” and it is reflected in his music.
“So don’t ever say nothing negative,” he continued. “If you don’t like my page and don’t like what I’m posting, go f–k yourself. Seriously, leave me — leave the king — the f–k alone.
“I don’t care bro. I’m going to post my wife as much as I want. Go post your wife on your f–king Instagram.”
Censori is even featured on West’s album cover, wearing nothing but a sheer piece of fabric over her rear end and tights.
The “Donda” emcee’s oldest daughter, North — whom he shares with ex-wife Kim Kardashian — has even taken notice of her stepmom’s scantily clad attire.
While writing about three things she is thankful for, the 10-year-old drew a picture of her dad’s “Vultures 1” album cover, which included a nearly naked Censori.
Advertisement