Manage your account
Bianca Censori once again brought attention to herself by going pantless in her dinner outfit for a date with her husband, Kanye West.
The Australian-born architect wore a sheer gown without any underwear, exposing her body under the outfit's cover.
Censori stepped out in an X-rated outfit, maintaining her streak of wearing highly provocative attire whenever she is out in public with West. The Australian architect was seen over the weekend accompanying her rapper husband as they enjoyed a dinner date night at the Italian restaurant Bacari in Los Angeles.
While West opted for his usual all-black attire from head to toe, Censori made another bold fashion statement in a form-fitting sleeveless latex gown that left nothing to the imagination.
The outfit was completely see-through, revealing that she had no underwear underneath to hide her modesty. To complement the daring look, Censori wore blood-colored knee-length pop socks and matching open-toe high heels.
She also wore her signature sleeked-back hairstyle, minimal makeup, and nude gloss. As for accessories, she opted for a low-key approach, wearing only a single ring on her left hand and hoop earrings on the upper part of her ears.
Social media users quickly blasted the 29-year-old model for dressing provocatively in public.
One person wrote, "This woman is being abused I think. She never looks happy."
Another asked, "What is going on [?]. What was she like before they met? This whole thing is so crazy to see unfold. Mind-boggling really. Who was she before this?!"
One more person said, "Nothing screams 'Give me attention!' More than these [two]. We all know he's making her dress this way. Absolutely disgusting."
See the full outfit here.
Censori's latest outing comes after she was criticized online for overexposing herself in "trashy" sheer tights.
Social media users blasted the Yeezy architect, while some accused West of forcing her to wear racy clothing.
An X user wrote, "Notice the bag hiding her nether regions. Looks like she didn't want to leave the house so exposed but was forced to."
Another said, "I hate seeing these pictures. I mean, look at her face. She looks so uncomfortable, sad, and even scared. Like I can't stand it."
A third person noted, "She clearly looks ... uncomfortable, embarrassed, afraid. Not sure but something's off."
"He's basically dressing her in intimate wear (lingerie)…nothing genius about that. I can't believe she partakes," another X user claimed.
One more person commented, "She looks ridiculous. It's not cute it's looks so thirsty !!! She's a beautiful woman she doesn't need to constantly be n---- to be looked at … looks trashy."
While it seems there might be no end in sight to Censori's public appearances in very racy outfits, an insider recently claimed that might not be the case.
According to a source who spoke to the Daily Mail, Censori is very much aware that she's going overboard with her dressing, which reportedly is tailored towards being a "free marketing tool for West's upcoming album, Vultures 2."
Additionally, her initial love for all the attention she has received in the wake of her wearing such outfits is on the decline as she is allegedly "starting to feel used ." This seems to have worsened with West allegedly "pushing and pushing for more, more, more leading up to the release of Vultures 2."
The insider added about Censori, "These past couple of months have been an experience, but she really wants to focus on having children after the album drops."
Amid the x-rated displays from Censori, many have speculated that her family doesn't support how West has allegedly taken control over his wife's fashion choices.
However, those speculations have been firmly dismissed after Censori's sister clarified in a recent interview with the Herald Sun that they are all "false." She also emphasized the family's steadfast support for the rapper and his business endeavors.
"We all support him. We support his new album. We support his new clothes he's dropping," Angelina told the news outlet.
Censori's sister further slammed recent reports claiming that their father, Leo, was keen on confronting West regarding his daughter's actions.
She said, "'It's all just bulls---. There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true."
The rumor about West being invited to visit his wife's family in Australia came on the heels of Censori's mother's trip to see her.
Per reports, she made a visit because she wanted to "see for herself" if her daughter was just a puppet being controlled by West.
"Bianca's mom had to see for herself after Bianca told her family she has this under control," a source told the Daily Mail. "This has been a wonderful opportunity for Alexandra to get to spend time with Bianca and assess the situation for herself."
The source added, "Alexandra was lowkey believing she would come to save her daughter. But this is not the case. Kanye has started to turn things around since the release of Vultures in the sense that he is not going off on as many unhinged rants."