In a new lawsuit against Kanye West and Milo Yiannopoulous, Bianca Censori has been accused of sending "hardcore" pornographic videos to an employee, with the content allegedly accessible by minors.
A new lawsuit has been filed against Censori's husband Kanye West and his former chief of staff Milo Yiannopoulos. Court documents, which have been obtained by The Mirror, show the lawsuit centres on the treatment of YZY Porn and YZYVSN employees.
The documents allege that when West announced his plans to launch an adult entertainment business back in April, Censori sent a file-sharing link to an employee which contained videos of explicit sexual activity. Minors were allegedly able to access the videos as they worked on developing a YZY Porn app.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West 'flies to Moscow on private visit' in propaganda boost for Putin
The documents allege: "During the development of the App, Defendant Ye and Defendant Yeezy announced on April 24, 2024, that they would be starting an adult-film and pornography venture known as 'Yeezy Porn.' Upon information and belief, on or around April 27, 2024, Defendant Ye's wife Bianca Censori sent a YZYVSN worker a file sharing link of hardcore pornography for the Yeezy Porn App."
YZY Porn and YZYVSN employees used Discord instant messaging platform. The court documents continued: "Pictures of pornography related to Yeezy Porn were openly disseminated on the Discord Channel."
"No guardrails were put in place to prevent the underaged YZYVSN workers from working on Yeezy Porn, or to prevent them from being exposed to and being forced to view pornography to perform their work." Censori has not been named as a defendant in the lawsuit.
According to the court documents, one employee claims to have been "exposed to inappropriate content, including pornography". Another alleges they were "exposed to inappropriate content, including pornography, which was shared within the team's communication channels."
The documents claim: "Plaintiff John Doe 1 viewed pornography as a consequence of viewing the group chats used to disseminate workplace communications, and where pornography related to the Yeezy Porn venture was shared."
Elsewhere in the court documents, the plaintiffs allege West and Yiannopoulos engaged in "forced labour and cruel inhuman, or degrading treatment." They were also accused of calling some employees "new slaves".
Milo Yiannopoulos has issued the following statement to The Mirror: "I’ve been authorized by Bianca to stress that any allegation that she showed or caused to be shown any pornographic material to minors is offensive, disgusting, abhorrent and categorically and wholly false. The tragic, desperate, attention-seeking wannabe Yeezy staffer behind this egregious and repulsive pack of lies has never had any kind of access to Ye, his family, or Yeezy, or any information pertinent to the company, and he never will."
He also claimed one defendant "faked an entire job history at Yeezy on his LinkedIn profile—the most tragic and thirsty lie imaginable. He claimed to be a lead developer for Yeezy. He has never worked at Yeezy. Read my lips: He will never, ever, ever land a job at the company after telling such odious lies about the Lady of the House."
Yiannopoulos continued: "There’s a simple reason the clownish claim—that minors were shown Yeezy Porn—isn’t true and can’t be true. Yeezy Porn doesn’t exist. I made sure of that by falling on my sword and quitting over it. All I’ve done since is try to get these app developers paid, as voluminous correspondence demonstrates. Anyone asserting otherwise, including many in the press, are lazy or simply dishonest buffoons uncritically repeating mendacious lies from a lawsuit that takes more imaginative leaps than The Lord of the Rings.
"Secret white chat rooms? No, the other team just hustled harder than you did. Hostile working environment? How can that be? You were never hired. Minors working illegally? Give me a break. The only minors being taken advantage of are the poor suckers roped into this lawsuit, who have no idea what a pack of lies their names have been attached to."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.