Wait ’til he gets his money right.
Kanye West and his wife, Bianca Censori, shocked passengers by flying commercial on a recent flight.
TikTok user Brandon Doggett posted a clip last week of the “Gold Digger” rapper and the Yeezy architect crammed into two seats in the first row of a small plane.
Although the seats were at the very front, the couple did not appear to be in business class.
West, 47, was seen catching up on his sleep during the flight while wearing a monogrammed white robe, matching pants and shoes.
Meanwhile, Censori, 29, appeared to pass the time by scrolling through her phone while dressed in a large beige dress.
“was not expecting to see kanye when i walked out of the bathroom to say the lease [sic],” Doggett captioned the video.
Another social media user commented under the post, “flying economy in those outfits – iconic.”
The video appears to have been taken on the same day that West and Censori were snapped arriving at Narita International Airport in Japan since they were wearing the same outfits.
The cost-effective travel choice comes just days after it was revealed that the “All Falls Down” rapper’s home in Calabasas, Calif., is in ruins.
Photos obtained by Page Six last week showed the 320-acre estate was completely vacant, and that parts of the property had been torn down and left completely abandoned.
West — who lost his billionaire status in October 2022 following fallout with his business partners over his antisemitic rants — has also reportedly been living in a more modest apartment recently.
Even though the Yeezy founder owns the desolate Calabasas ranch and a separate five-bedroom, four-bathroom house in Hidden Hills, Calif., that cost him $4.5 million, he and Censori reportedly pay $20,000-a month for their two-bedroom, two-and-a-half-bathroom penthouse in West Hollywood, Calif.
It’s unclear if West is dealing with serious financial strain, but he does have a lot of legal bills since he is being sued by several former employees.
Most recently, his ex-assistant filed a sexual harassment lawsuit, in which she claimed the “Power” rapper once bragged about having sex with an A-lister while on Viagra in one of many explicit texts she received.
West’s attorneys have denied Lauren Pisciotta’s “baseless” allegations. However, they did not immediately return our request for comment on whether West is having money issues.
This is not the first time the “Run This Town” rapper has unabashedly flown economy, though.
In the past, several fans have shared on social media that they have had run-ins with West on airplanes.
“When #kanye is on your flight sitting 6 rows in front of you in economy. Next to the bathroom,” one person wrote via X in October 2021.
An Instagram post from November 2022 shows West posing alongside a flight attendant and states in the caption, “Kanye West flying economy to Miami yesterday.”
Advertisement