By ELMIRA TANATAROVA 
 Published:  13:34, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  18:28, 13 December 2024   
 139
View  comments
An old clip of a teenage Rihanna recounting the moment Jay-Z joked about 'throwing her out the window' off the 29th floor if she didn't sign a deal with him has resurfaced on social media - as the rapper has denied an allegation of raping a 13-year-old girl with Sean 'Diddy' Combs in 2000.
The signer had auditioned for the label Def Jam, of which the 55-year-old musician had just been made president and CEO, in 2005, in New York.
She was just 17 at the time, and spoke about her experience on The Tyra Banks Show that same year.
The video has gone viral on Reddit, where hundreds have left their comments about the 'suspicious' encounter.
'It was actually a really good audition but before I met him I was so nervous, I was shaking, literally,' the star, whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty, revealed.
'The moment I walked into the office the atmosphere was so warm and welcoming... I had to sing, I sang Pon De Replay, I sang another ballad from the album.'
'And what did he say to you? He said something to you,' Tyra questioned.
'He said, "we don't sign songs here, we sign artists" and there was this little pause and I was nervous and then he said, "and we're interested" and there was this sudden feel of relief.'
An old clip of a teenage Rihanna recounting the moment Jay-Z joked about 'throwing her out the window' off the 29th floor if she didn't sign a deal with him has resurfaced on social media - as the rapper has denied an allegation of raping a 13-year-old girl with Sean ' Diddy ' Combs in 2000. Rihanna, Jay-Z and Beyoncé in 2005
She was just 17 at the time, and spoke about her experience on The Tyra Banks Show that same year. The video has gone viral on Reddit , where hundreds have left their comments about the 'suspicious' encounter
The signer had auditioned for the label Def Jam, of which the 55-year-old musician had just been made president and CEO, in 2005, in New York. Rihanna and Jay-Z in 2010
'But then he said something about a window and a door?' the presenter pressed.
Rihanna, who is now 36, laughed before continuing: 'Oh! Then he said there are two ways to leave here; either through the door with the deal signed or through this window and were on the 29th floor.'
Tyra added: 'So you were like, where's the pen! Where's the paper! I'm signing!'
Jay-Z later also said that they kept Rihanna in the meeting for around 12 hours, starting from three or four in the afternoon, to make sure she didn't sign with another label. 
Speaking to Group82Music.com in an interview, the rapper said: 'We signed her that night we didn't let her leave the office till three in the morning.'
Record executive L.A Reid, who had hired Jay-Z for Def Jam, spoke about the audition in his memoir, 'Sing to Me: My Story of Making Music, Finding Magic, and Searching for Who's Next'. 
In an excerpt shared by Billboard, the businessman revealed he told Jay-Z to 'not let her leave the building'.
'I saw her determination, her commitment. I saw someone who was going to be a big star someday. My head was spinning,' he said.
'She sang another song, "Pon De Replay," that would become her first hit. After she was done, I looked at Jay-Z. "Don’t let her leave the building," I said.
'I left it to Jay Z's guys to close the deal, and she signed her contract that day.'
Comments under the Reddit post with the resurfaced video expressed concern that the story 'seems like coercion'.
'And remember, Rihanna would have been 16 or 17 when this happened. The power imbalance there was insane,' another wrote. 'Also Tyra's giddiness is just...'
Another added: 'How did I miss this at that time….jeez. Mother of god that made me so uncomfortable.' 
'UHH that's not normal,' a third commenter penned. 
However, others expressed that while the story is 'weird', it's not uncommon for showbiz meetings to go on for a long time.
'Yeah this is suspicious, but it’s also kinda easy to have a 12 hour "meeting" in the business. I’m in film,' one explained.
'Meetings turn into lunches which turn into drinks which turn into exchanging ideas which turns to inviting more people to drink and develop ideas. You gotta hang cause you miss the life-changing opportunities when you’re not socializing.
'Not saying suspect stuff didn’t happen. I wasn't there. Just saying the idea of a meeting turning into a 12 hour hangout is exhausting but not uncommon.'
One also suggested that it's possible Rihanna was accompanied by guardians, which other sources also seem to suggest.
'If I'm not wrong, she said that her parents were with her while was auditioning,' they said. 'I’m not trying to defend Jay-Z, I’m just saying it was very wise of her parents.'
Elsewhere, commenters were critical of Tyra for being 'giddy' while Rihanna was 'so uncomfortable' while telling the story. 
It comes as Jay-Z, born Shawn Corey Carter, released a statement denying and condemning the allegations in the filing via the Roc Nation X account.
An updated complaint in a civil case against Combs alleges that Jay-Z and Combs raped the girl at an after party following the MTV Video Music Awards in September of 2000. 
Rihanna, Jay-Z, Kanye West pictured partying together in Las Vegas, at Marquee Nightclub, in 2010
Jay-Z later also said that they kept Rihanna in the meeting for around 12 hours, starting from three or four in the afternoon, to make sure she didn't sign with another label. Rihanna and Jay-Z in 2012
Jay-Z was added to the lawsuit which was originally filed as one of several anonymous complaints in October by Texas attorney Tony Buzbee.
Many of the lawsuits did not survive because the plaintiffs declined to have their identities unveiled. However, the judge said the then-13-year-old victim showed sufficient cause to continue with the lawsuit in anonymity. 
In Jay-Z's statement, he slammed Buzbee, suggesting he was not a legitimate lawyer, and launched a slew of insults, calling him a 'deplorable human' and 'ambulance chaser in a cheap suit.'
The rapper added the allegations, which he said were 'so heinous in nature,' were all 'idiotic claims.'
In the letter, the Roc Nation founder began: 'My lawyer received a blackmail attempt, called a demand letter, from a "lawyer" named Tony Buzbee.'
He accused Buzbee of taking on the case for 'personal gain' and wrote: 'What he had calculated was the nature of these allegations and the public scrutiny would make me want to settle.'
'No sir, it had the opposite effect! It made me want to expose you for the fraud you are in a VERY public fashion,' he continued. 'So no, I will not give you ONE RED PENNY!!' 
'These allegations are so heinous in nature that I implore you to file a criminal complaint, not a civil one!! Whomever would commit such a crime against a minor should be locked away, would you not agree? These alleged victims would deserve real justice if that were the case,' he continued. 
Ne-Yo, Rihanna and Teairra Mari -  who were all signed onto Def Jam - pictured with Jay-Z in 2005
Rihanna, now 36, pictured at a Puma x Fenty party in April. The old interview has resurfaced on social media
'This lawyer, who I have done a bit of research on, seems to have a pattern of these type of theatrics! I have no idea how you have come to be such a deplorable human Mr. Buzbee, but I promise you I have seen your kind many times over. I'm more than prepared to deal with your type,' he added.
'You claim to be a marine?! Marines are known for their valor, you have neither honor nor dignity.'
The rapper then mentioned how it is 'unfair' that his family, particularly his eldest daughter Blue Ivy, will also be affected by the lawsuit. He also shares twins Rumi and Sir, seven, with Beyonce.
'My only heartbreak is for my family,' he wrote. 'My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people. 
'I mourn yet another loss of innocence,' he wrote.
'Children should not have to endure such at their young age. It is unfair to have to try to understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and human spirit,' he added. 
'My heart and support goes out to true victims in the world, who have to watch how their life story is dressed in costume for profitability by this ambulance chaser in a cheap suit.' 
'You have made a terrible error in judgment thinking that all "celebrities" are the same. I'm not from your world,' he wrote.
Jay-Z was added to the amended lawsuit that was originally filed in October against Diddy; pictured in January 2020 in at the Pre-Grammy Gala 
The 55-year-old rapper, born Shawn Corey Carter, released a statement denying and condemning the allegations in the filing via the Roc Nation X account
'I'm a young man who made it out of the project of Brooklyn. We don't play these types of games. We have very strict codes and honor,' he continued.
'We protect children, you seem to exploit people for personal gain. Only your network of conspiracy theorists, fake physics, will believe the idiotic claims you have levied against me that, if not for the seriousness surrounding harm to kids, would be laughable.'
He concluded his statement and wrote: 'I look forward to showing you just how different I am.' 
On the same day, Combs also shared a statement via his legal representatives.
His legal representatives responded to the latest filing and stated: 'This amended complaint and the recent extortion lawsuit against Mr. Buzbee exposes his barrage of lawsuits against Mr. Combs for what they are: shameless publicity stunts, designed to extract payments from celebrities who fear having lies spread about them, just as lies have been spread about Mr. Combs.'
'As his legal team has said before, Mr. Combs has full confidence in the facts and the integrity of the judicial process. In court, the truth will prevail: that Mr. Combs never sexually assaulted or trafficked anyone -- man or woman, adult or minor,' Combs' representatives said in the statement.
Combs has separately been charged with sex trafficking and racketeering.
Federal prosecutors allege that Combs, 55, sexually abused women and coerced them into drug-fueled sex parties using threats and violence.
He has pleaded not guilty to all charges, and his criminal trial is currently slated to begin on May 5, 2025.
Combs has also faced a massive wave of suits promised by lawyers including Texas attorney Buzbee, who said in October that more than 100 alleged victims were planning legal action against him.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group