Billy Baldwin has raged at Sharon Stone after she claimed a producer tried to force her to sleep with him.
The actor, 61, was left fuming after the 66-year-old actress said iconic Hollywood titan Robert Evans – who died in 2019 aged 89 – wanted her to get intimate with Billy, 61, while they filmed 1993’s Sliver together to improve his acting and “save the movie” from being a flop.
Hours after her remarks emerged, Billy accused Sharon of being “hurt he shunned her advances," and said he was weighing up whether to write a book “about the many disturbing, kinky tales” he knows about the Casino star.
He ranted on X: “Not sure why Sharon Stone keep talking about me all these years later?
“Does she still have a crush on me or is she still hurt after all these years because I shunned her advances?
“Did she say to her gal pal Janice Dickinson the day after I screen tested and ran into them on our MGM Grand flight back to New York… ‘I’m gonna make him fall so hard for me, it’s gonna make his head spin'???"
Billy went on: “I have so much dirt on her it would make her head spin but I’ve kept quiet.
“The story of the meeting I had with Bob Evans imploring him [to] allow me to choreograph the final sex scene in the photo below so I wouldn’t have to kiss Sharon is absolute legend.
“Wonder if I should write a book and tell the many, many disturbing, kinky and unprofessional tales about Sharon? That might be fun.”
Basic Instinct star Sharon had told The Louis Theroux Podcast about Chinatown producer Robert apparently saying she should sleep with Billy to improve their on-screen chemistry in Sliver: “He called me to his office. He had these very low ’70s, ’80s couches, so I’m essentially sitting on the floor, when I should have been on set.
“And he’s running around his office in sunglasses explaining to me that he slept with Ava Gardner and I should sleep with Billy Baldwin, because if I slept with Billy Baldwin, Billy Baldwin’s performance would get better, and we needed Billy to get better in the movie because that was the problem.”
Sharon added Robert was convinced her bedding Billy, who is now married to 56-year-old singer Chynna Phillips, would give the pair better “chemistry on screen” which he apparently told her would “save the movie."
She also made the claim in her memoir, without naming either Robert or Billy.
Sharon added she decided bosses on the film, which earned $280 million at the box office despite being mauled by critics, could leave her “out of” the idea, saying: “It was my job to act and I said so.”