Bianca Censori made quite a fashion statement as she wore yet another bold look alongside her husband Kanye West as they stepped out in Los Angeles. 
The unlikely couple are certainly no strangers to unusual fashion choices, with architect Censori, 29, stepping out in Las Vegas baring almost all in a tiny bra and walking around barefoot.
It came days after Runaway rapper West, 46, shared almost nude photos of his rumoured wife on Instagram, leading many to accuse him of humiliating her.
Now, Censori has made another dramatic transformation in the look, piling the layers on as she took a stroll in LA.
The star was pictured donning a baggy, floor-length, black leather coat and matching fluffy hat for the outing.
West similarly looked like he was battling freezing temperatures as he wrapped up in an oversized black coat with a hood covering his face, and black baggy jeans.
It comes days after controversial musician West’s wild claims that 2024 would be the year of ‘no pants’ in a series of posts that have riled fans.
Since the year began, West has shared several pictures of Censori wearing little to no clothing on his social media account, sparking concern from fans.
One snap saw her posing in front of a grey backdrop, wearing nothing but a fur scarf across her chest, and a black thong.
In further images, she bared her nipples as she donned a revealing string bikini top, with a tight corset and black boots, covering up slightly in a long black leather coat.
Kanye appeared fully clothed beside her in a mirror selfie, leading to disgust among fans accusing him of ‘objectifying’ and ‘humiliating’ his wife.
Instagram user @wetandroid asked: ‘Are you done humiliating this woman or what?’
One asked: ‘You’re objectifying this woman just to show off, right?’
‘Bro drop the album not your wife’s thirst traps,’ another urged.
A follower remembered Kanye’s previous comments berating ex-wife Kim Kardashian’s outfits, fuming: ‘After you publicly shamed your ex-wife for posting risqué images of herself. What a tool.’
The pair are yet to confirm their rumoured marriage, which was said to have taken place in December 2022 just a few weeks after his divorce from the Skims mogul was finalised.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Kanye West’s gushing birthday tribute to wife Bianca Censori riles up Kim Kardashian fans
Arrow
MORE: Kanye West’s chaotic announcement about $200 socks is his most confusing yet