AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The duo collectively known as ¥$ had a rough opening week.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
The rollout of Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s new body of work has been met with delays, complaints over samples and removal from streaming platforms. For example, Apple Music temporarily took Vultures 1 off the music app.
Vultures 1 returned to Apple Music on Thursday (February 15) after Label Engine took over distribution for the album. The project’s original distributor, FUGA, reportedly had the studio LP taken down. 
“Late last year, FUGA was presented with the opportunity to release Vultures 1,” a spokesperson for the company told Billboard in a statement. “Exercising our judgment in the ordinary course of business, we declined to do so.”
The FUGA representative also claimed Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign violated a service agreement by adding Vultures 1 to DSPs through the platform’s automated process. In addition, the duo faced public objections from Ozzy Osbourne and Donna Summer’s estate over unapproved sampling.
Vultures 1 finally arrived on February 9 after being pushed back several times since December 2023. Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign managed to secure a star-studded lineup of guest features for the album. In particular, Playboi Carti and Rich The Kid appear on “Carnival” which topped Apple Music’s Top 100: USA rankings.
Early projections have Vultures 1 debuting at No. 1 on next week’s Billboard 200 chart with around 140,000 first-week units. If those forecasts hold up, Kanye West will earn his eleventh No. 1 album. It would be Ty Dolla $ign’s first Billboard 200 chart-topper. ¥$ will headline the upcoming 2024 Rolling Loud California festival.
A post shared by Ty Dolla $ign (@tydollasign)
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity