We keep you informed.
Taylor Swift recently endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris following the Sept. 10 debate. Statistics show that once the pop star advocated for Harris, a spike of 405,999 users visited vote.gov through the link Swift posted.
Other notable endorsements for Harris include Martha Stewart, Billie Eilish, Meryl Streep, Chris Rock, George Clooney, Eva Longoria, Jennifer Lawrence — the list goes on. It’s important that celebrities and influencers are using their platform to encourage voting and registration, but they shouldn’t have to become political activists.
Kid Rock and Lee Greenwood performed at the Republican National Convention, while Megan Thee Stallion, John Legend and Stevie Wonder performed at the Democratic National Convention. Elon Musk and Kanye West are public supporters of Donald Trump.
Dating back to the 1920s, stars have dipped their toes in politics and endorsed candidates. From Babe Ruth and Frank Sinatra to now Oprah Winfrey and Charli XCX, it is common and almost expected for some celebrities to choose a political party.
However, some celebrities may only endorse a candidate because it helps their reputation and makes them look appealing. It creates buzz around them and can associate them with the “winning” side. If celebrities know their primary fanbase is made up of one demographic, they will cater to them in all aspects, including politics.
Pharrell Williams recently critiqued celebrities for being so involved — he encouraged them to stay out of it. Williams noted that for him, politics is more about action, such as voting and putting money toward causes he cares about.
Celebrities can use their career to promote social causes and their opinions, such as in music, fashion or art. They are human and will have a political opinion. They can use their voice for good, but their job is not to be political activists. Their job is to be a celebrity, a career that most Americans will not have. They should not be the primary source of political information or opinions for Americans. 
Blindly following what a celebrity says instead of examining the candidate’s or party’s policies diminishes critical thinking in voters, as well as the free thinking and political engagement of the American people. Examining policies, legislation and the government from your own mind is an integral part of democracy. 
Because the modern political climate is extremely divisive, celebrities often receive backlash if they do not express an endorsement in a high-stakes election. America should not leave politics in the hands of celebrities because they live a different life than most of the population. 
Realistically, the top billionaires and millionaires will still be well-off, regardless of which candidate wins. They have money and access to things that average Americans do not. They live in a bubble.
In general, young American voters should should want to participate and uphold our democracy with their own will, without their favorite singer or YouTuber telling them to do so. A major principle of our country is having a choice and the privilege to vote, but along with that is a duty to express an educated choice.
The reality is that a celebrity like Taylor Swift may be the only reason some people head out to the polls. While celebrities have the right to free speech and to voice their political opinions as any American does, they should not be pressured to endorse, and they should not play such a significant role in politics.
Celebrities can use their platform for good by donating, supporting candidates on their own and encouraging voting. They do not need to post an infographic on their story every day and be the primary source and voice of politics. Celebrities should not have to be the ones to persuade young or undecided voters who to vote for, but ultimately, their choices matter.
@acperry
@dthopinion | opinion@dailytarheel.com

        To get the day's news and headlines in your inbox each morning, sign up for our email newsletters.