J. Cole appeared to take shots at rapper Kendrick Lamar on newly released diss track “7 Minute Drill” just days after Lamar seemingly dissed Drake and J. Cole on his verse on Future and Metro Boomin’s song “Like That,” which topped the Billboard Hot 100 earlier this week.
Kendrick Lamar features on "Like That," a song on Future and Metro Boomin's new album. (Photo by ... More Taylor Hill/WireImage)
J. Cole surprise released a new mixtape, “Might Delete Later,” on April 5, containing the track “7 Minute Drill,” which appears to be a response to Lamar’s jabs against him and Drake on “Like That.”
In what he calls “warning shots” seemingly directed at Lamar, J. Cole raps that Lamar was seeking “attention” by dissing him, and he accuses Lamar’s last album of being “tragic,” among other disses at his music.
“Like That” previously debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100 this week, released as part of Future and Metro Boomin’s collaborative album “We Don’t Trust You.”
Fans noticed Lamar’s verse contains lyrics that appeared to be shots at Drake: He appeared to accuse Drake of “sneak dissing,” calling out Drake’s song “First Person Shooter” by name.
On Drake’s collaboration with J. Cole, “First Person Shooter,” released in October, J. Cole rapped that he, Drake and Lamar were the “big three” of rap.
Lamar, however, rejected this idea on “Like That,” stating there’s no “big three”—it’s just “big me.”
Drake and Lamar have had a long-running beef dating back to at least 2013, despite the two collaborating multiple times. Lamar appeared on an interlude for Drake’s 2011 album, “Take Care,” and Drake featured on Lamar’s 2012 song, “Poetic Justice.” But in 2013, Lamar called out Drake (alongside many other rappers) on the song “Control,” rapping he has “love” for them but wants to “murder” them, asserting his intent to take their “core fans.” Drake dismissed the verse in a Billboard interview, calling Lamar’s rap an “ambitious thought,” but maintained “Kendrick’s not murdering me, at all, in any platform.” Since the “Control” drama, fans have interpreted various lyrics on songs by each rapper to be shots at the other. In Drake’s feature on The Game’s 2015 song “100,” some thought he addressed Lamar’s “Control” lyrics by rapping he would have “all of your fans if I didn't go pop and I stayed on some conscious sh*t.” Some thought Lamar’s digs on his 2015 track “King Kunta” at rappers who use ghostwriters was a shot at Drake, though Drake has denied that he uses ghostwriters. The two are considered two of the most successful modern rappers, and some public interest in their beef is over who is considered greater. Lamar has won 17 Grammy Awards, making him the third-most-awarded rapper by the awards body, just behind Jay-Z and Kanye West. Drake, however, has dominated music sales and streaming: He was Spotify’s most-streamed artist of the 2010s, and he is the artist with the most certified digital singles, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Some have noted the two dominate different lanes: Lamar’s work is typically more acclaimed by critics, while Drake dominates sales and streaming.
Former President Barack Obama was asked in a 2016 interview whether he preferred Lamar or Drake—and he chose Lamar, citing his 2015 album “To Pimp a Butterfly” as the best of the year.
Future and Metro Boomin’s song “Type Sh*t” debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 this week, just behind their own “Like That,” and three more of their songs debuted in the top 10. Their album “We Don’t Trust You” also debuted at No. 1 on this week’s Billboard 200 chart. Billboard reported the album had the biggest debut for an album released in 2024 so far, with 251,000 album equivalent units, most of which were driven by streaming.
Another rap beef helped push Megan Thee Stallion’s song “Hiss” to No. 1 on the Hot 100 earlier this year. Fans interpreted the lyrics on “Hiss” to be disses at multiple artists, including Drake, Nicki Minaj, and Tory Lanez, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison for shooting Megan Thee Stallion in 2020. The beef with Minaj in particular garnered significant attention on social media following the release of “Hiss.” In one lyric, Megan Thee Stallion raps: “These hoes don’t be mad at Megan, these hoes mad at Megan’s Law,” a reference to the federal requirement that police share information about sex offenders to the public. Fans interpreted the lyric as a possible diss at Minaj, whose husband Kenneth Petty is a registered sex offender following his 1995 conviction for attempted rape. Minutes after “Hiss” dropped, Minaj previewed lyrics from what would become “Big Foot” on Instagram, a diss track aimed at Megan she dropped days later. “Big Foot” peaked at No. 23 on the Hot 100. Minaj also attacked Megan in a series of tweets, calling her a “pathological & manipulative liar” and a “horrible ACTOR that can’t cry on cue.”
Kendrick Lamar Takes Hard Shots at Drake and J. Cole on Future and Metro Boomin’s ‘Like That’ (Billboard)
Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar’s ‘Like That’ Debuts at No. 1 on Billboard Hot 100 (Billboard)
A History of Disses at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, From ‘You’re So Vain’ to ‘Like That’ (Billboard)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.