"Sh*t, [G.O.O.D. Music] made more money off of my music than I did."

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Big Sean‘s album rollout continues to have its twists and turns, with the biggest one being a full album leak recently. Fans immediately began speculating that Kanye West had something to do with it, mainly because of a public falling out the two rappers had within the last few years. However, the “My Last” rapper caught wind of these assertions and shut them down.  

	“I know he ain’t do that sh*t. I love Ye. Without him, there would be no me,” the Detroit native said on Instagram Live. He then expanded on their lengthy musical relationship. “I’ve been there since Graduation. I got to study and contribute, you know, give energy to every project… I know he wouldn’t do that. That’s trash. I know he wouldn’t do no sh*t like that. To whoever did do that, just know it did f**k me up.”

	










	Sean then went to the hallway and strolled past a wall covered in a plethora of his well-deserved plaques. He stopped at one that commemorated 185 million records sold. “You see this plaque right here? That’s 185 million records sold under G.O.O.D. Music! I love G.O.O.D. Music,” he said. “Sh*t, they made more money off of my music than I did.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	Watch the full clip below. 
Big Sean on rumors that Kanye played a part in leaking his album: “I know he ain’t do that sht. I love Ye. Without him, there would be no me.” pic.twitter.com/Br9vebXrXY

	The Ye and Sean beef started when the former went off on the latter during a Drink Champs interview in 2021. The Chicago producer claimed that signing Big Sean to G.O.O.D. Music was the worst decision he ever made, expressed how he was disappointed in Sean’s lack of support for his political stances, and more. Sean called West’s commentary “bi**h a** sh*t.”

	It was because of that saga why fans were confused recently when a clip of Sean’s music surfaced, which included a beat allegedly produced by Kanye. Just when people thought the two officially patched it up, the Dark Sky Paradise rapper shared a freestyle on On The Radar, where he spit bars that had fans wondering which “Gemini” he was aiming at. 

	In regards to the leaked album, Sean made the best out of the occurence and chose to capitalize on the situation. With the attention on him, he decided to drop another cut from the LP for fans to hear. “Might as well start droppin, before they leak it all, got damn. BIG SEAN x THE ALCHEMIST soon,” he tweeted on July 17 with a snippet attached. On Friday (July 19), he unleashed another official single, “YES.” Listen below.
Might as well start droppin, before they leak it all, got damn ?BIG SEAN x THE ALCHEMIST soon ? pic.twitter.com/QVXsgd6Emq
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.