Kim Kardashian is "unlikely to be surprised" by Kanye West's recent outbursts, but one expert has suggested they've served as a "reminder of why they ended their marriage".
Kim and Kanye were once one of the biggest couples in the showbiz world but their romance wasn't meant to be and Kim filed for divorce from Kanye in 2021. Their divorce was finalised a year later after a bitter legal battle.
Kanye has issued a number of scathing attacks against Kim and her family in recent years, with Kim even being brought to tears amid the drama. More recently, Kanye was filmed arguing with a reporter, something relationship expert Louella Alderson believes will have reminded Kim of the "challenges" during her marriage.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham Jr. enjoy Las Vegas date night after 'going exclusive'
Kanye became involved in a public spat with the journalist as he took her phone when he became triggered by a question about his wife Bianca Censori. He then went on a furious rant at the reporter.
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror, Louella said: "Given Kanye's past erratic behaviour, it's unlikely that Kim will be surprised or overly affected by his recent outburst with a female reporter. She has been dealing with Kanye's unpredictable actions and public statements for years now and has likely developed a thick skin when it comes to his behaviour."
She added: "Kim always remains tight-lipped about Kanye's behaviour, even when he has publicly spoken about her. So, it's unlikely that this incident will cause any major rift or tension between them.
"It may just serve as a reminder to Kim of why they ended their marriage and the day-to-day challenges she no longer has to deal with." Louella suggested the incident is unlikely to have affected their co=parenting relationship, however.
She explained: "With Kanye being remarried and them both moving on with their lives, it's unlikely that this specific incident will greatly affect their co-parenting relationship. Kim knows what Kanye is like and this will likely be seen as just another moment of him acting out.
"When it comes to their children, they seem to have a good co-parenting relationship and are able to put their differences aside for the sake of their kids." Louella concluded: "As long as Kanye respects their children's well-being, it's unlikely that this outburst will greatly affect their co-parenting relationship."
Louella Alderson is a relationship expert who spoke to The Mirror on behalf of So Syncd.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.