The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible.
© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.
For whatever reason, going against the political tide is considered bad.
When rapper Kanye West unleashed a twitter storm last week expressing support for Trump and conservatives, the backlash was overwhelming. This weekend, west coast rapper (and Snoop Dogg’s cousin) Daz Dillinger posted a video to Instagram calling for street gang the Crips to “fuck up Kanye.” Although the video has since been deleted, Dillinger (whose career peaked in the 90s), has continued to post threatening statements directed at Kanye West and President Trump.
According to music mag Exclaim, Dillinger said in his video, “Yo national alert, all the Crips out there, y’all fuck Kanye up.” He then addressed West, “Stay in Calabasas, ya hear me? Better not ever see you in concert. Better not ever see you around the LBC. Better not ever see you around California. Stay in Calabasas, ya hear me? Cuz we got a Crip alert for Kanye.”  
By calling on the gang that seems somehow linked to the west coast rap genre, Dillinger is potentially threatening violence on someone else for making a political statement. Looks like “refusing to be enslaved by monolithic thought,” as West put it, is a dangerous action that could put one’s life at risk.
Even after deleting the video, Dillinger made another Instagram post, screenshotting TMZ’s headline of the story and captioning it, “FREEDOM OF SPEECH FUC KANYE THIS CRIPPPPPPPPPPPPP THE REVOLUTION IS ON NOW.” In a video, Dillinger complained that the clouds above his head were sent by Trump.
The original tweet linking to the Instagram video is captioned, “FUCC KANYE UP ON G.P WORDS FROM THE CRIP GOD DAZ.”
According to TMZ, the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Dept. is looking at the video to “determine if there’s a prosecutable crime.”


Donor Privacy Policy



								The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating
								under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are
								tax-deductible.
							
Company
MRC Programs
Legal
Features
CONNECT
Sign up for our NB Daily newsletter to receive the latest news Monday through Friday.

					© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.