Pharma & Biotech
Sustainability
Cannabis
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The above has been published by Proactive Investors Limited (the "Company") on its website and is made available subject to the terms and conditions of use of its website (see T&C ).
                       All information used in the preparation of this communication has been compiled from publicly available sources that we believe to be reliable, however, we cannot, and do not, guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this communication.
                       This communication is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer, recommendation, solicitation, inducement or an invitation by, or on behalf of, the Company or any affiliates to make any investments whatsoever. Opinions of and commentary by the authors reflect their current views, but not necessarily of the Company, its affiliates or any other third party. Services and/or products mentioned in this communication may not be suitable for all recipients and may not be...
William kickstarted his career as a researcher and reporter for a global legal publication, covering everything from public law to M&A. Before moving to Proactive Investors, he worked as a reporter for a major fintech company with a focus on cryptocurrency and blockchain technology.

Harking from Queensland, Australia, William obtained first-class honours in journalism and media from Birkbeck University before going on to complete an MA in creative and critical writing. Other jobs have... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 14:48 01 Oct 2024 BST
  
Adidas AG's (OTCQX:ADDYY) doomed collaboration with cancelled US rapper Kanye West, aka Yeezy, remains a significant burden for the German sportswear brand, according to Barclays.
In a research note, Barclays analysts predicted ongoing write-down headwinds to feature in adidas’ upcoming third-quarter results.
Adidas launched its Yeezy footwear range in 2015, when Kanye was at the height of his popularity.
As one of the world’s most successful musical artists, Kanye’s name power made Yeezy shoes a gigantic cash cow for adidas, accounting for up to 8% of total group sales at the collaboration’s peak.
Forbes went as far as to call it “one of the great retail stories of the century”.
That collaboration infamously came to a screeching halt in 2022 following West’s infamous tirade of antisemitic remarks, turning this great retail story into an unmitigated disaster for adidas.
In the fall-out, Adidas warned of a €250 million profit hit from the termination in 2022 alone, but the ongoing overhang means more pain is to come.
Barclays analysts expect inventory write-downs and other associated costs to wipe out any chance of a profit from the estimated €300 million of Yeezy sales in the period.
“Yeezy is likely to be significantly dilutive to North America sales,” said analysts. So much so, that they expected North American sales to contract 1%.
Globally speaking, Barclays predicts 11% sales growth thanks to European demand. Excluding Yeezy, that global sales growth is tipped to come in at 14%.
Barclays has kept its third-quarter earnings per share (EPS) estimate steady at €2.2 and maintains a full-year 2024 EPS forecast of €3.8.
Results are due on 29 October.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
Ilika PLC (AIM:IKA, OTCQX:ILIKF) says its P1 Goliath solid-state battery prototypes passed key tests with carmakers and suppliers. CEO Graeme Purdy said the company’s now validating bigger 10Ah versions in-house.

Seeing Machines Ltd (AIM:SEE, OTC:SEEMF) says its tech is now in over 3 million...
© Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2025
Proactive Investors Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom” is registered in England with the Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825. You can contact us here.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.