Before Meghan Markle came into his life, Prince Harry was renowned for his wild youthful exploits and party-heavy lifestyle.
Prince Charles's younger son opened up in the past about his "wild" years, notably referring to the notorious naked images taken during a trip to Las Vegas in 2012. The Duke of Sussex spent a large portion of his twenties revelling in parties, flings, and indulging in alcohol-soaked 'all-nighters', leading a frivolous life before settling down as a family man.
With Harry facing threats from a professional dominatrix who plans to disclose unseen naked snaps of him, below are some of the Duke of Sussex's wildest revelations and party anecdotes over those years reports the Mirror.
READ MORE: Playboy and Maxim model Masuimi Max's cause of death uncovered after sudden death at 45
In 2012, a fresh-faced Harry had jaws dropping worldwide when pictures saw the light of day showing him stark-naked in front of an equally bare woman, only his hands concealing his private parts. Another snap revealed him in a close embrace with a naked lady next to a pool table in a hotel room- not leaving much to the imagination.
The snaps of the wild bash made headlines, with a party-goer telling TMZ: "There was a pool table and he was playing air guitar with pool sticks. He was screaming out, 'Somebody get me a glove! I'm going to do a Michael Jackson impression! '".
Before this Las Vegas rumpus, Harry had been spotted the year before in Croatia, jumping into a pool fully clothed and dancing without shoes at a rave. He was snapped at the Veneranda nightclub on the island of Hvar, chilling in the VIP area and having a few drinks.
One notorious incident took place back in 2005 when he was caught in a costume wearing a swastika armband. The Sun reported it on January 14, 2005, showing Harry dressed up, holding a ciggie and a drink, with the headline "Harry the Nazi".
This happened just before an important event the Queen attended, remembering 60 years since Auschwitz was freed. Clarence House said right away that Harry was sorry if he upset anyone. And the prince himself said he was "very sorry if I caused any offence or embarrassment to anyone". He also said: "It was a poor choice of costume and I apologise."
Harry's lively partying history, including evenings with celebrities like Kanye West, is widely known. The young royal was often seen having late-night adventures even after toning down his wild ways with one such occasion supposedly occurring on the eve of Prince William's wedding.
Just before William and Kate's wedding ceremony on April 29, 2011, Harry stayed up until 3am. During pre-wedding drinks with Chelsy Davy and Pippa Middleton, he allegedly nearly injured himself jumping from a balcony.
An onlooker told the Daily Mail: "He flinched for just a moment before he stood up, rubbing his ankle. Then he looked up, smiled and waved to a roar of cheers before disappearing on to the lawn where there was a secret exit. People were laughing and joking that his fall could have seen him walking through Westminster Abbey the following morning with a broken leg. At one point it was thought he'd twisted his ankle."
Like many young stars, Harry was often snapped having an occasional smoke. But in his autobiography 'Spare', he confessed to using drugs. The Duke of Sussex shared that he had used cocaine, cannabis and hallucinogenic mushrooms, stating that these substances helped him see "the truth" and he used them to cope with the challenging period after his mother's demise and growing up under public scrutiny.
Harry's love life has been quite the adventure, with the Duke of Sussex hanging out with celebs like Mollie King from The Saturdays, Caroline Flack, and Ellie Goulding.
Back in 2016, at a fancy pool party in Berkshire, Ellie Goulding and Harry reportedly grew close after chatting at length. A source told the Mail: "They've always got on very well, but things stepped up a gear recently. There was a complete ban on taking pictures at the polo party so that Harry and the other celebrities there could feel comfortable.
"Harry and Ellie only had eyes for each other all night - they spent a lot of time sitting together under blankets. They were seen having a kiss before Harry had to go because he was playing polo the next day. Ellie left about five minutes later."
Caroline Flack, who used to host Love Island, said in her book that she and Harry had to stop seeing each other once everyone found out. She wrote: "Once the story got out, that was it. We had to stop seeing each other, I was no longer Caroline Flack, TV presenter, I was Caroline Flack, Prince Harry's bit of rough."
Mollie King was a bit shy about her time with Harry, admitting they went for a drink but saying: "He's very out of my league, come on."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.