Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kim was criticized for trying to "outdo" North when she posed in a strikingly similar getup.
June 3 2024, Published 7:15 p.m. ET
Kim Kardashian's daughter, North West, beamed with pride after watching her mom burst into the acting scene with a major role on American Horror Story, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
The latest episode of The Kardashians featured a viewing party for the first episode of AHS: Delicate, the 12th installment of the FX anthology series based on Danielle Valentine's novel, Delicate Condition. Kim played a recurring part alongside Emma Roberts in the season that premiered last September. Her character, Siobhan Corbyn, was the best friend and publicist of Emma's character, Anna Alcott.
Kim had a recurring role in the 12th installment of the anthology series. 
The Skims founder, 43, gathered with friends and family to watch the show at Scott Disick's house, as the reality star revealed she was seeing the final product for the first time. Kim snuggled up next to North, 10, the eldest child she shares with Kanye West, to watch the premiere. 
"I'm definitely nervous because I put the time and the energy in to do something different that was outside of my comfort zone," Kim told the cameras in a confessional. "I don't know, I feel like it could go really bad and embarrassing for everyone if I suck, I just hope people like it."
"Kim, you're doing so great!" Kim's sister, Khloe Kardashian, gushed during the viewing party.
Kim, 43, snuggled up with North, 10, to watch the premiere alongside friends and family.
"This is a huge deal for Kim," Khloe, 39, added in a confessional, "Because the growth in her confidence, of her taking risks, her saying like, 'You know, I can do this.'"
"Like when there was once a time time in her life when she thought she needed somebody else to call the shots, direct her, and she felt almost like she could do nothing on her own, she needed a slew of people to ask. Now she's just making decisions on her own, and that's what makes me the happiest," the Good American co-founder continued. 
"I smell an Emmy," Disick echoed.  
After watching the episode, a smiling North told cameras, "I couldn't even believe it was her," adding, "She was so good." 
North beamed with pride over her mom's performance after watching the premiere. 
"I'm really proud of you, really really good," Kim's mom, Kris Jenner, chimed in as she hugged her daughter, "You should be really proud of yourself, too." 
"Kim has actually taken on more than I ever thought she would do this year," Jenner told viewers as she appeared to tear up, "She has more energy than anybody I've ever met in my life, more ambition, drive, more creativity, and every year that goes by, she just seems to have more impressive goals, and she meets every single one of them. It's wild."
Kim played the best friend and publicist of Emma Roberts' character on AHS.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
While Kim seemed to appreciate the positive reactions from her loved ones, she said to the cameras, "What are they going to say, I suck? So, at least in this moment I believe it, but I'll wait for the reviews."
After scrolling through feedback from the public, she added, "People were saying really great things, like, 'Wow, I didn't want to like it, but—"
"Kind of like how I felt when I did SNL," she continued, "They always want to hate, and it's such a good feeling when people are responding well to something."
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.