Donald Trump’s Florida residence and private club Mar-a-Lago is once again the Winter White House - the place to be seen for West Wing hopefuls as the US president-elect assembles a new administration behind its opulent doors.
While President Joe Biden will remain in office until January, this part of Florida has become a rival centre of political power in America.
Just two years after an FBI raid found classified documents about US nuclear weapons and spy satellites stored in a bathroom, an eclectic mix of insiders are swarming to Mar-a-Lago, which is patrolled by robot dogs and armed guards on boats.
North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, rumoured as a potential energy secretary, was there on election night. So was former US Defence Department chief of staff Kash Patel.
Elon Musk, the world’s richest man, has been alongside Donald Trump in Mar-a-Lago during family dinners and calls with world leaders. 
Musk has been photographed inside the private club with his son and on the runway of Palm Beach International Airport, as he shuttles back and forth to be by the president-elect’s side.
Donald Trump seen this week with his extended family - as well as Elon Musk who is holding his son, Techno Mechanicus
For those not blessed with an invitation to stay at Mar-a-Lago itself, the hotels and restaurants around nearby West Palm Beach are packed with office-seekers jostling for influence in the new administration and supporters celebrating Trump’s victory.
Robert F Kennedy Jr, vaccine sceptic and scion of the one of the most famous US political dynasties, was by the swanky pool bar of The Ben hotel, where a fake ice rink and Christmas tree greet guests.
Giant, golden Great Dane dog sculptures adorn the lobby and every floor outside the lifts.
He is part of the transition team and the one-time presidential candidate is vying for a role with influence over health policy.
Speaking even before the election, alongside the former congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, a Democrat-turned-Republican, he said: “There’s people of all different kinds of ideology and people that we’re going to have to go up against in that transition team and fight for our vision.”
Golden Great Dane sculptures have been observing a parade of hopeful appointees at The Ben hotel
Also spotted at The Ben was outspoken Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene, the Georgia congresswoman who recently blamed the Biden administration for causing flooding in Republican areas of North Carolina. She is believed to be jockeying for a cabinet position.
At The Breakers, an opulent Italian Renaissance-style oceanfront hotel, the young valets were most star struck by the visit of Ultimate Fighting Championship CEO Dana White, who joined his friend Trump on stage on election night, but who says he has no personal political aspirations.
The same cannot be said for others. One GOP insider that the BBC ran into in the corridors said the transition was “a free for all”, as different factions of the party battle for dominance.
“Trump loves to see people scramble and suck up.”
But the insider noted with a hint of worry that some “minimally acceptable people are starting to say they don’t want a role”.
Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton, for one, has conveyed that he isn’t interested in working in the administration and would prefer a Senate leadership position.
The Mar-a-Lago compound, which includes Donald Trump's Florida home, is heavily fortified 
Donald Trump is expected to focus less on elected officials to fill senior positions.
His son, Don Jr, said during an interview on Fox News that he wants people who “don’t think they know better” than his father and that he’s prepared to block anyone he thinks would be a disaster.
The president-elect has been vocal about doing things differently this time around, feeling his biggest mistake during his first presidency was hiring “bad people, or disloyal people”.
Back in 2016, plans for the transition that had been prepared by former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in concert with the outgoing Obama administration were laid to waste.
Once the Trump team won what was seen as an improbable victory, they decided on an unconventional approach and fired Christie.
What ensued was an Apprentice-style parade of people to Trump Tower in New York that played out in front of the cameras.
Back then, news crews packed into the lobby to capture everyone headed up the golden elevator to see Donald Trump on the 26th floor.
While the world was still trying to understand what a Trump presidency would look like, those with influence in Wall Street, media, politics and entertainment all sought an audience, including Bill Gates, Al Gore and even Kanye West.
The media captured every visitor to Trump Tower back in 2016
This time around, Trump seems to be prioritising loyalty, tallying up who has been with him since day one.
And the world’s media are crammed onto hotel balconies and the parks and beaches surrounding Mar-a-Lago, where security is at fortress levels.
The transition process is still unconventional by design, but so far it is far more behind the scenes than in 2016.
Trump’s first appointment - Florida political consultant Susie Wiles as White House chief of staff - does offer one clue that a well-built Florida conservative political operation could be ready to replicate its success in the White House.
Who is in the frame to join Trump's new top team?
Slater Bayliss, co-founder of a Florida-based lobbying firm, Advocacy Partners, has worked both for and against Ms Wiles during election battles in the state and much prefers to be on her side.
“I would say, borrowing a nickname from our friends across the pond, Susie is the Iron Lady of American electoral politics.”
He says offers have been flooding in from talent across the state, which has served as a “stronghold of resistance for smart conservative thinkers who love our country and desire to play a role in making it more reflective of our electorate”.
Republican political consultant Max Goodman says there is anticipation of a Florida wave crashing into Washington.
He expects Trump’s team will be mining staffers in Susie Wiles’s team and in the state, whose congressional and Senate delegations came out early for Trump.
“There is no hotter political farm system in the country than the state of Florida, when you have a president and the most prolific political consultant turned chief of staff calling Florida home,” he said.
Armed guards on boats patrol the waterfront resort
Despite having the second largest Republican congressional delegation in the country, Mr Goodman says Florida has “notoriously been snubbed” when it comes to having a seat at the leadership table.
He believes that could change with Ms Wiles leading the charge, and with key Floridians such as Rick Scott potentially in line as Senate Majority leader and Senator Marco Rubio in contention for a high-profile cabinet position.
One person who has thrown his hand up to work in the transition is Joe Gruters, who is waiting to see how that shapes up.
He was the 2016 co-chairman of Trump’s Florida campaign with Ms Wiles, then the chairman of the Republican state party, and is now a state senator.
Mr Gruters describes himself as a “loyal foot soldier”, who was the only member of the Florida legislature to immediately endorse Trump’s 2024 bid and appear at Mar-a-Lago for his announcement.
He is counting on Ms Wiles taking her “battle-tested” lieutenants up with her to Washington to fill out positions.
“They know who the true believers are… and they probably have a clear idea of who they’re going to put in most of these positions,” Mr Gruters said.
This video can not be played
Watch: Robotic dog patrols Trump's Mar-a-Lago residence
Palm Beach didn’t exactly roll out the red carpet for Donald Trump when he first arrived on the scene with his purchase of Mar-a-Lago in the 1980s.
But walking around town now, it’s obvious that this is firmly Maga country – Trump-branded bikinis and hats are a common sight.
Next week, Argentina’s President Javier Milei is expected to visit Mar-a-Lago to meet Trump and Elon Musk.
Also next week, CPAC, or the Conservative Political Action Conference, is hosting its annual investors summit at Mar-a-Lago with tickets costing up to $25,000 (£19,350).
And it’s unlikely the migration south will stop once Donald Trump is inaugurated and occupies the Oval Office once more.
Slater Bayliss - the Florida lobbyist - thinks Trump will want to spend as much time in Florida as possible during his second term.
That will go some way, he said, in “making the 62,500 square feet of Mar-a -Lago the most sacred real-estate in the political universe”.
With additional reporting by Pratiksha Ghildial
Trump's New York sentencing still could happen even after election victory
What happens to Trump’s convictions and legal cases after election win?
Justice officials in talks to drop Trump criminal cases
Eight arrested in two separate anti-terror operations
Fourteen children arrested over boy's fire death
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.