By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:56, 20 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:46, 20 June 2024   
 23
View  comments
Kim Kardashian's good friend Jonathan Cheban - who now goes by FoodGod - was flashing some ink.
On Wednesday the reality TV show star showed off a tattoo on his arm.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians veteran was walking on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood by a row of outdoor restaurants when he displayed the mark.
It is of a lightening bolt with a palm tree which is a nod to his time spent in Miami when he appeared on Kourtney & Khloe Take Miami.
This comes after he gushed about Kim's May Met Gala look where she had a cardigan over her silver gown.
'I thought that dress was the coolest dress I've ever seen. The sweater, everyone's confused about. I can't explain it. It's so above fashion,' he said.
Kim Kardashian 's good friend Jonathan Cheban - who now goes by FoodGod - has some new ink. On Wednesday the reality TV show star showed off a new tattoo
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians veteran was walking on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood by a row of outdoor restaurants when he flashed the mark
He was last seen at the Badgley Mischka show at the Starrett-Lehigh Building in New York City.
The star brought as his plus one his mother Galina Cheban.
Galina looks so youthful that she looks like she could be the sibling, not the mother, of the reality TV star. 
Cheban was born in Moldova, Soviet Union in 1974.
He is the only child of a real-estate agent mother and a diamond-dealer father, Mikhail, who died in 2011. 
Both Jonathan and Galina wore jet black clothing.
He had on a double-breasted pin-stripped jacket with a chunky diamond-studded white gold necklace that is worth $1M. 
His slacks were dark gray and he added black suede boots.
 It is of a lightening bolt with a palm tree. 
Galina was elegant in a black sparkly top with slacks and sunglasses as a black purse dangled from her shoulder.
This comes after he was chumming it up with Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump in December.
They were side by side looking like fresh friends when at the opening of the upscale new hotel Fontainebleau in Las Vegas.
Also at the event was Kim, but she did not appear to pose with her longtime pal Trump.
And her sister Kendall Jenner was also present, as she was seen walking in with Cheban.
This comes after he gushed about Kim's Met Gala look where she had a cardigan over her silver gown. 'I thought that dress was the coolest dress I've ever seen. The sweater, everyone's confused about. I can't explain it. It's so above fashion,' he said
Kim and Ivanka have become friends over the past few years, but they were not seen together at the splashy event that also had as guests Sylvester Stallone and his wife Jennifer Flavin.
Jonathan looked sharp in a dark suit with dress shoes on as he flashed his tattoos and diamond jewelry.
Ivanka was stunning in a long shimmering dress with her blonde hair worn down in a movie star style.
Kendall wore a black slip dress that flashed her chest and bare arms.
Kim went with basic black as her raven hair was in soft curls and her makeup was extra dramatic.
Kim and Jonathan met about 15 years ago when she started to become famous on Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
They sat next to each other at an event and became fast friends.
At the time Jonathan was a publicist and he advised Kim on what events to go to, how to pose and what to wear.
As her fame grew, she supported Cheban, inviting him to appear on Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Seen with his mother Galina attend the Badgley Mischka fashion show during New York Fashion Week - February 2024: The Shows at Starrett-Lehigh Building on February 10 in New York City
Kim Kardashian may be losing her best friend to another celebrity. In December Cheban was seen chumming it up with Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump
He also also been seen on The Kardashians.
And the star has become a reality TV star in his own right. He was on the Spin Crowd and Celebrity Big Brother.
More recently he had his own FoodGod show.
Meanwhile, Kim and Ivanka were seen as recently as Kim's 43rd birthday bash.
In 2022, they shocked fans when they were seen at a three hour dinner together in Beverly Hills days after Kim's ex-husband, Kanye West, made a series of scathing anti-Semitic comments, which sparked furious fire for the rapper.
Ivanka, 40, who converted to Judaism when she married her husband, Jared Kushner, in 2009, was photographed leaving upscale eatery The Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills hotel with Kim by her side.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group