Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne have teamed up to slam Kanye West for allegedly using a sample from a song without Ozzy’s permission.
The Black Sabbath frontman publicly called the Gold Digger rapper out on social media, branding him an ‘antisemite’, following his shocking comments towards the Jewish community in 2022.
He lost a string of lucrative contracts and was banned from multiple social media platforms after posting that he was going to ‘go death con 3 on Jewish people’ in a since-deleted tweet – something he apologized for last year.
In a new post on Instagram, Ozzy, 75, targeted the 46-year-old amid claims that he used a sample of War Pigs at his album listening party on Thursday, despite not being given the go-ahead.
In an all-capped post, he fumed: ‘@KAYNEWEST asked permission to sample a section of a 1983 live performance of War Pig from the US festival without vocals & was refused permission because he is an antisemite and has caused untold heartache to many.
‘He went ahead and used the sample anyway at his album listening party last night.
‘I want no association with this man! [sic].’
The rocker also tagged West in the caption, and on the image of the statement, but he has yet to publicly respond.
It didn’t take long for wife Sharon to join in, sharing a video with the caption: ‘Welcome to the Carnival @kanyewest 🤡 #permissionnotgranted #ironman’.
The clip she shared showed Dave Grohl and Lionel Richie in Studio 666, a horror movie in which Foo Fighters move into a mansion in Encino to complete their new album, but the frontman becomes possessed by supernatural forces.
Fans in the comments were immediately invested in the beef, with plenty siding with the Osbournes.
User diariodemuertaa commented: ‘ozzy vs kanye west was never something i thought i’d see 😂’
‘Not Sharron doubling down behind ozzy … love this 😭’, wrote uwumiibunnie.
Followers also noted the irony of the new feud after Ozzy and Sharon dressed up as the rapper and his wife, Bianca Censori, last Halloween.
Black Sabbath released War Pigs in 1970, and it served as the opening song from the group’s Paranoid album.
It has continually been ranked among their best songs, and has been sampled and covered many times by other artists.
It is not clear what version of the track West is alleged to have used.
The rapper, known as Ye, is set to drop Vultures, his new album with Ty Dolla $ign, very soon, and shared a music video starring his eldest daughter, North West, earlier this week.
In 2022, he left many shocked with his posts regarding the Jewish community, and praised Adolf Hitler on another occasion.
He was quickly dropped from deals with Adidas and Balenciaga, with Twitter and Instagram blocking his content.
At the end of last year, the dad-of-four returned to social media with a message written in Hebrew, which read: ‘I sincerely apologize to the Jewish community for any unintended outburst caused by my words or actions. 
‘It was not my intention to hurt or demean, and I deeply regret any pain I may have caused. I am committed to starting with myself and learning from this experience to ensure greater sensitivity and understanding in the future.
The message concluded: ‘Your forgiveness is important to me, and I am committed to making amends and promoting unity.’ 
Metro.co.uk has contacted Kanye West’s reps for a comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Drake fan speechless after he gifts her $100,000 for completing chemotherapy
Arrow
MORE: Emmerdale star Michelle Hardwick confirms unexpected love triangle for Vanessa upon return