Scottish swifties are eagerly counting down the days until Taylor Swift brings her Eras World Tour to Edinburgh at Murrayfield stadium next week.
With just days to go until the Love Story sensation touches down in Scotland, the US popstar is set to take over the city for three nights as she takes to the stage each night from June 7 to June 9.
Despite already treating fans to a 46 song setlist as she performs hits across her 11 albums, Taylor also plays two acoustic surprise songs at each show.
It's believed that the Cruel Summer singer cleverly selects surprise songs from her impressive 274 track discography, based on the city she is performing in.
Scottish fans have now been desperately trying to work out which hits she may choose to sing as her Edinburgh gigs approach.
Known for her scheming nature when it comes to writing petty revenge songs about ex-boyfriends and arch nemeses, Taylor's Scottish gig on June 8 happens to fall on one of her well known enemies' birthdays.
Kanye West turns 47-years-old on the day of Taylor's Saturday show at Murrayfield and fans believe the singer will not have let the date slip her mind.
Fans are hoping the 34-year-old may perform one of her tracks which are believed to be about the outspoken US rapper such as 'I Forgot That You Existed' or 'This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things'.
Some are also speculating that the singer may use it as an opportunity to perform one of her newer tracks from her The Tortured Poets Department, 'thanK you aIMee' which is widely believed to be about Kanye's ex-wife, Kim Kardashian.
Taylor's long standing feud with the rapper, who legally changed his name to 'Ye' in 2021 dates back to when he interrupted the popstar's acceptance speech during the MTV Video Music Awards in 2009 when she won the prize for Best Female Video.
The pair later cleared up their grievances and even became friends for a short while before their feud was re-sparked by Kanye's 2016 track Famous which features the crude lyrics: ''I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that bitch famous".
At the time, Taylor claimed to have not known all of the lyrics before the song was released with Kim Kardashian branding her a liar and claiming she was playing the "victim" at the time to make her ex-husband look bad.
Pick up your limited edition Taylor Swift OK! glossy magazine here.
Taylor's name was later cleared in 2020 after a leaked phone call of her conversation with the rapper about his track 'Famous' came to light, proving that she had been unaware of the full lyrics of the misogynistic song.
Scottish swifties have been continuing to rack their brains for other surprise songs that may correlate back to Scotland.
Join the Daily Record's WhatsApp community here and get the latest news sent straight to your messages.
Many have taken to TikTok to share their theories with one questioning a track from her Speak Now (Taylor's Version) album as they stated: "Do we not think castles crumbling... because of Edinburgh castle??"
Others believe she may sing a song from her 1989 album which was the last tour she performed in Scotland while some are speculating she may perform a track about her ex-boyfriend and Scottish DJ, Calvin Harris.
Taylor recently sent fans into a frenzy when she announced she was no longer following a plan when it comes to her surprise songs as she revealed she was scrapping the 'no repeats' rule.
However, swifties will need to hold on a while longer to find out their surprise song fate with just ten days to go until Taylor's first gig at Murrayfield on June 7.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.