Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
North West shared her 'honest' opinion on beauty mogul mum Kim Kardashian's new skincare range 'SKNN by KIM' in a fun, high-energy video that has racked up more than 22.8 Million views after being posted by Kim, 42 – to the pairs shared Tik Tok account. 
The five minute long 'honest' review shows North test a range of makeup products including a matte eyeshadow pallet, lip liners and lipsticks.
 Like a true beauty influencer, the daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West is seen swatching a number of different eyeshadow colours from the pallet on her arm before giving her opinion on how well the shadow applied. 
"This is a really nice black, the first one. … They’re really neutral. I like it, like, to go out. Like, dinner. This is classic Kim. This is what she would wear all the time. 
"Never like, too bright colours but neutral.' she is seen saying, before opting to go for a 'dramatic' smokey eye herself and covering her eyelids in the black shade. "It feels really nice. I’m not trying to do this good but you’ll get it.
"It is just eating up," she said admiring her black shadow, adding that it "left no crumbs.”
Once her eyes were done, North, 10, moved onto review her mum's lip products.
"This is so good,' she said of the matte lipstick, concluding, "No words."
 The review came shortly after Keeping up with the Kardashians star Kim opened up about parenting regrets while discussing her upcoming SKNN with Kim launch with Bustle. 
When asked of her opinion on the recent Sephora tween drama that has been circulating on social media app Tik Tok, the reality star admitted that she wasn't aware of the drama – which involves young girls messing up makeup and skincare products in the popular retailer's stores. 
Later on in the Interview the reality star stated that when it comes to her daughters and make-up its just a 'fun game to them.'
"It's art for them to try to do makeup, which is so fun for me to watch. It's like they want to play with their friends and do it, and then they want to just wash it right off.
"I'm down for the artistry. I think it's fun when they're trying it all and expressing themselves."