Living large and living life, Hollywood style. We’re rounding up the latest in celeb lifestyle news with POP TALK! Welcome to the celebrity life!
H O M E S
Nick Cannon Buys Woodland Hills Estate
Nick Cannon is now the owner of a contemporary farmhouse in California. The comedian, actor, and TV host purchased the 5-br, 4.5-bath Woodland Hills abode for $3,050,000. The 4,410-sq ft estate was built in 1952 and is just a short distance from Malibu beaches. 
R E L A T I O N S H I P S 
MAYBE BACK TOGETHER: Romeo Beckham & Mia Regan
Have Romeo Beckham and ex-girlfriend Mia Regan reconciled? The 21-year-old soccer player and the 21-year-old model have been spotted together again recently, sparking speculations that they are back together. The two announced their split last February.
PARENTHOOD: David Guetta & Jessica Ledon
David Guetta and Jessica Ledon are now officially parents. The couple have welcomed their first child together. They revealed the happy news on social media, sharing their bundle of joy’s name too – Cyan. They announced they were expecting in November 2023.
M U S I C
S O C I A L S
S P O T T E D
By: Michelle |
March 24, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!