Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Fans have long pointed out that Adams and Tree Paine seem to be doppelgängers.

							By 

	Zoe G. Phillips


Amy Adams said this week she would love to play Taylor Swift‘s publicist Tree Paine, whom fans have long pointed out could be Adams’ long-lost sister (or at least, an impressive doppelgänger). 

	“That would be amazing,” Adams said during an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. “That would be so fun. I mean… if it got me closer to Taylor, then that would be fun.”



	Adams made the comments in response to Fallon sharing a social media post from Hunter Harris asserting that Adams “would win an Oscar” for her portrayal of Paine. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'The Summer I Turned Pretty' Drops Taylor Swift-Heavy Teaser for Final Season		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			








	Paine appeared in Swift’s autobiographical Netflix documentary, Miss Americana, and is known for aiding the singer during many high-profile moments of her career, including conflicts with Kanye West, the sexual assault trial against David Mueller and a dispute with Scooter Braun over ownership of Swift’s masters. The singer is Paine’s only client. 

	Adams went on to share that she recently became a Swiftie herself, after attending the pop star’s Eras Tour. 

	“I’ve always liked her music and appreciated her, and then I went to the Eras Tour — a friend of mine had a ticket — and then I became a Swiftie at 50,” Adams said. “I’m a Swiftie at 50, so I’m like a shifty Swiftie 50. … and then I’m like, ‘Isn’t that nifty?’ And my daughter’s going, ‘Oh, I hate this for you.’”

	Adams’ daughter, Aviana, is 14. “Fourteen is fun,” the Nightbitch star said. “There’s a lot of adjustments, anyone with a teenager knows that. But it’s good because I no longer embarrass her, she’s embarrassed for me… she corrects my makeup and my clothes.” 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.