Fans are speculating whether 'thanK you aIMee' is about the reality star
Kim Kardashian has lost more than 100,000 Instagram followers since the release of what some fans are calling a diss track, by Taylor Swift.
In her double album drop of ‘The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology’ on Friday, Swift released a track called ‘thanK you aIMee’.
The style of the song’s title, with the capitalised letters spelling out ‘KIM’, and its lyrics about a “bronze, spray-tanned” high school bully, have led some fans to speculate over whether it is related to the singer’s feud with Kardashian.
While neither party has addressed or confirmed the speculation, the reality star’s Instagram follower count has dropped from 364.3million to 363million over the weekend, and Swifties have been leaving comments on her page related to the song.
The lyrics of the song describe the way Swift was positively impacted by the way she was treated by her bully, with the chorus reading: “All that time you were throwin’ punches, I was buildin’ somethin’ / And I can’t forgive the way you made me feel / Screamed, ‘Fuck you, Aimee’ to the night sky as the blood was gushin’ / But I can’t forget the way you made me heal.”
Taylor Swift, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian on February 8, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. CREDIT: Getty/Photo by Larry Busacca/Getty Images for NARAS
The pair’s relationship has been a topic of public scrutiny since 2016, when Kardashian defended her then husband Kanye West’s mention of Swift in his track ‘Famous’.
When West released the track, in which he said he “made that bitch famous” about Swift, and referred to the two artists having sex, Kardashian insisted that Swift had given him permission to include her in the song.
Kardashian released footage of a phone call between Swift and West about the inclusion of similar lyrics to those that were released, which Swift has since said was recorded “illegally” and “edited”.
Meanwhile Kardashian told GQ magazine: “She totally knew that that was coming out. She wanted to all of a sudden act like she didn’t.”
The highly publicised disagreement between the stars led to an onslaught of abuse towards Swift on social media, with trends, such as #TaylorSwiftIsOverParty, and the use of snake emojis aimed at Swift, circulating online.
Taylor Swift and Kim Kardashian on August 30, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. CREDIT: Getty/Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images
Swift addressed the situation in her December 2023 Time Person of the Year interview. “That took me down psychologically to a place I’ve never been before,” shared the singer. “I pushed away most people in my life because I didn’t trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard.”
Following the disagreement with Kardashian and West and the subsequent online hate, Swift took some time off releasing music, having just won the Grammy Album Of The Year award for ‘1989‘.
She then released ‘Reputation’, which many of her fans perceive to be a revenge album which addresses the abuse she received. While she hasn’t directly confirmed or denied that the album is in response to the dispute with Kardashian and West, the album imagery, music videos and tour design for ‘Reputation’ leaned heavily on the theme of serpents, with many fans believing she took inspiration from her period of online hate, and used it to reclaim the label of a ‘snake’.
In other news, Swift has shared the meaning behind the lyrics on her new album in a track-by-track Amazon commentary.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.