Kanye West turned himself into the "centre of attention" during a date night with Bianca Censori, but one expert has warned him to pay more attention to his wife.
The couple flew to Milan to watch Inter take on Atletico Madrid in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday. It seemed Kanye was trying to conceal his identity as he watched the game while wearing a bizarre face mask.
The controversial rapper hid behind a mask which covered his entire head, including his eyes. He also opted for a black rain jacket with his hood up and the drawstrings pulled tight around his face. Bianca, meanwhile, had her face on full display. Body language expert Judi James has suggested the model was far from "carefree" during the outing.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Khloe Kardashian fans worried she can't breathe properly after spotting 'shrivelled nose'
While Kanye hid behind a face mask, Bianca chose not to copy her husband. She wore an oversized black jacket and used gel to slick her hair back away from her face.
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror, Judi said: "Kanye appears to be keen to suffer for his art here in the exact opposite way to his wife Bianca. While Bianca’s nearly-nude outings have previously made her the centre of attention, Kanye's version of Harry Potter's invisibility cape here would turn the focus on himself for once while his wife is fully covered up.
"This is extreme masking, even for Kanye and presumably uncomfortable to wear, especially at a football match, which usually involves some form of audience participation. It's debatable whether his eye coverings mean he can see his beautiful wife at all but if he can he might like to pay attention to her slightly dour facial expression that hints this is not a totally fun, carefree experience for her.
"Her eyes are looking down as they walk together, suggesting the line 'Have you met my husband?' is not at the ready and that she might prefer to not see the reactions of people around them." Bianca and Kanye were joined by Ty Dolla $ign as they watched the game in Milan.
The singer-songwriter features heavily on Kanye's new album Vultures 1. The album has been causing a lot of controversy after being hit with claims of copyright infringement.
Vultures 1 was dropped from Apple Music last week, although some singles still remain on the platform. Before the removal, a number of artists including Ozzy Osbourne spoke out about copyright issues, claiming the rapper stole their work.
On social media, Ozzy wrote: "Kanye West asked permission to sample a section of a 1983 live performance of 'Iron Man' from the US Festival without vocals & was refused permission because he is an antisemite and has caused untold heartache to many. He went ahead and used the sample anyway at his album listening party last night. I want no association with this man!"
Donna Summer's estate took to Instagram slamming Kanye for using a sample of the late singer's song after they denied usage. In a post the estate wrote: "Kanye West… asked permission to use Donna Summer’s song I Feel Love, he was denied… he changed the words, had someone re sing it or used AI but it’s I Feel Love… copyright infringement!!!”
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.