By JESSICA GREEN and CONNIE RUSK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:12, 28 February 2024   |  Updated:  14:36, 28 February 2024   
 69
View  comments
Bianca Censori shocked onlookers once again as she wore her most explicit outfit to date in Paris on Tuesday night. 
The wife and 'muse' of Kanye West, 29, went underwear free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing with the rapper, 46. 
It is not the first time Bianca risked facing prison or a fine of €15,000 for testing the laws of exhibitionism with her looks getting increasingly racier. 
There was also grave concern from Bianca's inner circle, who insisted her behaviour was not a reflection of who she really is, but rather a result of Kanye's influence over her. 
Here we take a look at Bianca's most outrageous looks from barely there bodysuits to wearing nothing underneath sheer raincoats. 
Paris Fashion Week hosiery 
Bianca Censori could face prison or a fine of €15,000 after testing the laws of exhibitionism in Paris when she went underwear free beneath a pair of sheer stockings on Tuesday
While Kanye's 'wife and muse' may be no stranger to exposing her body in public, her latest act could cause trouble with French officials if she is found in breach of their decency laws
The Yeezy architect wore her most explicit outfit to date as she went underwear free under sheer tights on Tuesday. 
Bianca did not attempt to conceal her genitals or bare backside in the garment as crowds of shocked onlookers rushed to take pictures.
She also did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under a cropped fur coat as she returned to the Ritz Hotel with hoodie-clad Kanye after enjoying dinner at Ferdi.
While Kanye's 'muse' may be no stranger to exposing her body in public, her latest act could cause trouble with French officials if she is found in breach of their decency laws. 
Milan Fashion Week underwear-free bodysuit
Bianca left almost nothing to the imagination as she wore an incredibly risqué outfit to the Marni show during Milan Fashion Week last week
The Australian fashion designer donned a daring black bodysuit that barely contained her curves
Bianca went braless in the revealing garment which also featured a matching strap along the sides as she joined her husband on the front row 
Bianca left almost nothing to the imagination as she wore an incredibly risqué outfit to the Marni show during Milan Fashion Week last week. 
The Australian fashion designer donned a daring black bodysuit that barely contained her curves.
Bianca went braless in the revealing garment which also featured a matching strap along the sides. 
Kanye declares Bianca  will be wearing LESS clothes than ever before 
Last month, Kanye declared his wife Bianca will be wearing even less clothes in 2024, after sharing a slew of racy snaps to his Instagram account.
The controversial rapper - known as Ye - posted three separate pictures of Bianca to his 18.4M followers, with one captioned: 'No pants this year'.
Last month, Kanye declared his wife Bianca will be wearing even less clothes in 2024, after sharing a slew of racy snaps to his Instagram account
The controversial rapper - known as Ye - posted three separate pictures of Bianca to his 18.4M followers, with one captioned: 'No pants this year
Bianca wore a latex head mask as she posed to the side 
He also posted a picture of her walking out of the shower of lavish hotel room, looking down at her feet dressed in black, knee-high boots and nearly spilling out of her tiny outfit
Kanye showed off his wife who donned a skimpy, fur bra top, which revealed her ample assets, and nothing else but a micro thong.
He also posted a picture of her walking out of the shower of lavish hotel room, looking down at her feet dressed in black, knee-high boots and nearly spilling out of her tiny outfit. 
Nearly naked Super Bowl outfit 
Bianca went nearly-naked as she partied after the Super Bowl. The Australian designer flashed her bust and posterior in an ill-fitting tan bodysuit
Bianca went nearly-naked as she partied after the Super Bowl. 
The Australian designer flashed her bust and posterior in an ill-fitting tan bodysuit - forcing her to cover her chest as she suffered continual wardrobe malfunctions.
The garment - which she wore without underwear - revealed nearly all of the star's body as she danced with fellow revelers.
Her locks were worn slicked back from her face and she sported a light touch of make-up.
Bianca was seen constantly readjusting the outfit as she danced, with her sideboob on display. 
Poncho raincoat
Kanye's wife also wore a sheer raincoat with absolutely nothing underneath earlier this month as she made a head-turning arrival to a Los Angeles music studio 
Kanye's wife also wore a sheer raincoat with absolutely nothing underneath earlier this month as she made a head-turning arrival to a Los Angeles music studio alongside her mask-clad husband.
The Australian architect opted to go completely naked beneath her poncho bar a pair of knee high black boots.
Branding across the front of the coat helped shield her ample chest, yet she was forced to place her hand over her groin to protect her modesty.
The bizarre look has been heavily criticised online, with one person writing on X, formerly Twitter: 'What is wrong with this couple? I just don't get it. Why?'
Another questioned: 'This has to be illegal. This is literally public indecency,' while a third individual added: 'No love, this is not fashion.'
Crude details 
Bianca pictured in January turning heads with a top and shorts combo while going braless
The couple did their best to shock onlookers yet again as they headed to a tanning salon in Los Angeles last month. 
Bianca ensured all eyes would be on her as she went braless in a tight white vest with 'wet' emblazoned across the chest.
Yet it wasn't her top that proved to be the most racy part of her ensemble as a closer inspection of her tiny black shorts revealed a very crude element.
A small hole was visible at the front of the pants, which is designed to accommodate sex toys.
The Packer Gear pants can be bought in sex shops for $50 and can be used on both men and women.
Nude bodysuits and stuffed toy animals 
Late last year, Bianca wore a slew of increasingly more bizarre ensembles , including nude sheer tops and a silver string bodysuit – all of which she teamed with oversized stuffed toys (pictured left). Pictured right, Bianca in Italy wearing a nude jumpsuit 
Bianca commanded attention earlier this month in LA when sporting a statement headpiece and matching coat
During their time in Florence, Verona and Rome in 2023, the rapper and his wife shocked with their bizarre outfit choices, with Kanye regularly seen out barefoot and Bianca often barely clothed. 
Yet they took things a step further in Venice, when they were accused of performing a lewd sex act on a river boat, with Kanye seen exposing his bare buttocks while Bianca kneeled in front of him. 
Their bizarre behaviour prompted fury from Italian locals who declared the couple 'banned' from the country, and their antics even sparked a police investigation.
There was also grave concern from Bianca's inner circle, who insisted her behaviour was not a reflection of who she really is, but rather a result of Kanye's influence over her. 
Meanwhile, late last year, Bianca wore a slew of increasingly more bizarre ensembles, including nude sheer tops and a silver string bodysuit – all of which she teamed with oversized stuffed toys.
In January, Kanye shared a series of revealing snaps of his wife on Instagram.  He first posted a trio of pictures of Bianca to his 18.4million Instagram followers, showing her dressed in a black string bikini top and thong.
The rapper declared there will be 'no pants this year,' alongside one image of her in a string thong and fur bralette, while another showing her spilling out of a barely-there top, read: 'Dropped sumn?' 
Kanye's post raised eyebrows as he had previously criticized his ex Kim Kardashian for being 'overly sexualized,' while promoting her SKIMS brand, and once also claimed the wet look Thierry Mugler dress she wore to the 2019 Met Gala was 'too sexy'.
Bianca and Kanye secretly wed in December 2022, just one month after he finalized his divorce from Kim Kardashian, 43. 
Since then, friends have expressed ongoing fears that the rapper is manipulating his so-called 'wife' – and many believe his latest actions continue to highlight a pattern of 'controlling' behaviour.
In his latest stunt, Kanye is said to have banned Bianca from using social media to protect her from negative comments, according to insiders, who claim her friends believe it's really another tactic to further 'isolate' her.
Despite the architectural designer's loved ones staging an intervention concerning her relationship with the rapper and his 'controlling ways,' her husband appears to have changed her attitude towards social media.
Bianca's earlier outfits showed her going braless in crop tops and leggings 
'Bianca has always had social media and she was active on it – until she married Kanye,' an insider exclusively told DailyMail.com.
'He doesn’t want her to have it because he thinks that it will hurt her if she had to read the nasty things that people say. 
'He convinced her that, since she is a star now, she has to remain a mystery and it is creepy to those who know her as it feels like another form of control.'
However, friends have taken issue with the fact Kanye is posting racy images of his wife on his own Instagram account – despite allegedly claiming she needs protection.
The insider added: 'He is pushing her nakedness all over his own [account] so that he can control her narrative. It is disturbing, and by shutting her off from the world he is causing her to become more and more isolated.'
Friends are said to be stunned to see the usually assertive designer going along with Kanye's demands as the source stressed: 'This strong Bianca that was not going to deal with his s*** anymore has seemingly vanished once again.
'She is wearing what he wants, going where he wants and doing what he wants because she really has no other choice. She went from being his designer to his wife, which is unfortunately, not a paid position. She’s trapped.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group