Right now American pop music diva Selena inspires a quick peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
The frozen 'stache is now selling out at McClain's Bakery.
A volunteer at Hope Faith Ministries spoke about the homeless man found dead in the snow and the realities of people living outside in frigid temperatures.
Blue Springs, Missouri, changed a city ordinance to make curbside trash pickup legal for the first time in nearly 50 years.
As Parade Park's foreclosure sale approaches in March, a number of residents are feeling uncertain about their future.
Will another restaurant soon take over this space?
Plus inside dish from the red carpet to the C-suite, including Paul Giamatti's late night snack and Neve Campbell's 'Scream' redux.
The benchmark stock index is on track to close above 4,800 for the first time in its 66-year history.
President Biden on Friday signed a stopgap funding bill that will keep the government open into early March and buy lawmakers time to finish the formal appropriations process. Biden signed the two-step continuing resolution a day after Congress voted to send the legislation to the president's desk.
Donald Trump claimed he saved the world from a "nuclear holocaust," bragged about his finances and said he became president "because of the brand" in a newly released video of his deposition in New York Attorney General Letitia James' fraud suit against him and his company.
While Trump tries to sew up the nomination, his camp is already feuding about his future running mate - and hoping it isn't Nikki Haley.
An attorney for Kevin Morris, a close friend of Hunter Biden, accused House Republicans of misrepresenting his testimony following Morris'sThursday closed-door interview. The pushback from Morris, a Hollywood lawyer who paid off Biden's overdue taxes, came after his lawyer accused GOP leaders of cherry-picking items from his testimony "not two hours" after he left his...
Fire breaks out over a large area in the Bryansk region, a day after another oil facility is targeted.
Civil rights lawyers pushed back against a crackdown on protests, securing permission to hold a rally to stop the war in Gaza.
WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. fighter jets struck Iranian-backed Houthi rebel sites for the sixth time Friday, taking out anti-ship missile launchers in Yemen that were prepared to fire, according to two U.S. officials.
China has instructed heavily indebted local governments to delay or halt some state-funded infrastructure projects, three people with knowledge of the situation said, as Beijing struggles to contain debt risks even as it tries to stimulate the economy.
Condé Nast's Anna Wintour didn't remove her sunglasses the entire time she met with Pitchfork employees tell them they were losing their jobs.
Two fans say the New York show started more than two hours late and did not end until after 01:00.
Kanye West flashed his new $850,000 titanium dentures as he and wife Bianca Censori met up with comedian Chris Rock for lunch in West Hollywood.
Rachael Gambino and Garrett Mazzeo planned their financial life by the book: They went to college, paid down debt, saved aggressively, got married, bought a house, started a family. The dream.
Kansas City, along with host cities across the United States, Canada and Mexico will find out next month the match schedule for the FIFA 2026 World Cup.
As Patrick Mahomes prepares to face Josh Allen and the Bills for the third playoff meeting in the past four seasons, the Chiefs quarterback brought up the Brady-Manning rivalry and said he hoped to "give memories to the kids that come up behind us."
and get a free way to stream local news, weather, and original series
Here are nine great things to do in Kansas City this weekend, January 18-21, including: KC Restaurant Week, Rumours: A Fleetwood Mac Tribute and Cirque Carmen: Troupe Vertigo.
Today is a First Alert Weather Alert Day
kenzie - face to face is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management