Manage your account
Kanye West and his daughter North surprised fans by dropping the music video to their collaboration, “Talking/Once Again.”
West, who now goes by Ye, debuted the video on his Instagram and Twitter accounts early Wednesday morning.
Directed by the D’Innocenzo Brothers, the video begins with the chorus of “You don’t want no problems, you’re just – (Talking).”
North is seen sitting as various hands work on her hair. First, the hands comb her hair, then they start braiding it while she lip-syncs to the chorus.
Shortly she jumps into her verse once the beat drops.
“I love it here. We gonna take over the year for another year,” the 10-year-old raps. “It’s your bestie, Miss, Miss Westie. Don’t tryna test me. It’s gonna get messy. It’s gonna get messy. Just, just bless me, bless me. It’s your bestie, Miss, Miss Westie. Just tryna bless me, just bless me, bless me.”
Clips show close-ups of West and Kim Kardashian’s oldest daughter and the “Yeezus” rapper himself.
There are a few sweet moments between father and daughter where she whispers something in his ear and he can’t help but flash that famous Kanye smile. That smile is now adorned with a reported $850,000 titanium grill.
This isn’t the first time the two have starred in a music video together.
In 2015, both starred in the music video for West’s song “Only One,” which features Paul McCartney.
Five years later, the duo took the stage at the Yeezy Season 8 show during Paris Fashion Week.
In December, North’s verse on the track went viral during a performance previewing her dad’s upcoming album “Vultures” with Los Angeles native Ty Dolla Sign.
After a few moments, Ty Dolla Sign’s face flashes on the screen as his vocals play over the video.
The cinematography was done by Matteo Cocco and the track was produced by the “Gold Digger” rapper and James Blake.
Blake’s vocals are featured in the song, but he doesn’t appear in the video.
“Vultures” is set to be released on Feb. 9 and is set to be a three-part album series.
All of last year, West teased the project.
The album comes over a year after West faced backlash over his antisemitic rhetoric. His remarks caused many of his brand partnerships to sever ties. Adidas also ended its lucrative deal with the rapper.
In 2023, West did issue an apology for the remarks.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KTLA.