Beyoncé has been named the #1 Greatest Pop Star of the 21st Century by Billboard, edging out Taylor Swift, who secured the runner-up spot.
The announcement of Taylor landing 2nd place, made just before Thanksgiving, ignited debate as fans of both music icons weighed in. Now, Billboard has offered insight into why Beyoncé claimed the top position over her.
“While Taylor Swift is the century’s biggest pop star by the numbers — from album sales to streams to touring dominance — our editorial staff has chosen Beyoncé as our No. 1 Greatest Pop Star of the Century, based on her full 25 years of influence, evolution, and impact,” wrote Andrew Unterberger in Billboard’s introduction to the rankings.
Beyoncé’s two-and-a-half decades in the spotlight, marked by her evolution from Destiny’s Child to a solo powerhouse, played a pivotal role in the decision. Unterberger acknowledged Taylor’s extraordinary achievements but noted the comparative brevity of her career when placed alongside Beyoncé’s legacy.
“Few artists this period can match her in any of the most critical basic categories of pop stardom – commercial success, performance abilities, critical acclaim and accolades, industry influence, iconic cultural moments – and absolutely no one can equal her in all of them,” Unterberger wrote.
He further elaborated on the comparison, adding: “Even Taylor Swift, the lone artist who really challenged Beyoncé for the top spot on these rankings – and who does have a clear statistical lead on Bey in many key categories; more on that later – simply hasn’t been around for long enough to be able to match the expansiveness of her quarter-century of dominance.”
The rankings highlight Beyoncé’s unparalleled versatility and influence. Over her career, she has delivered hit after hit, redefining what it means to be a global pop icon. From her early anthems with Destiny’s Child to groundbreaking solo projects like Lemonade and Renaissance, her artistry has continuously pushed boundaries.
Taylor Swift’s presence as the runner-up underscores her immense cultural impact and unmatched commercial success in recent years. With record-breaking album sales, historic tours, and a fiercely loyal fanbase, she has solidified her status as a generational icon. Yet, as Billboard points out, the breadth of Beyoncé’s career gives her the edge—for now.
The ranking doesn’t pit these two extraordinary women against each other as much as it celebrates their achievements. Beyoncé’s 25 years of iconic moments and Taylor’s unmatched rise to dominance in the past decade prove that pop stardom is big enough for both their legacies to shine.
While fans continue to debate, one thing is certain: both Beyoncé and Taylor have defined the 21st century in their own groundbreaking ways.
Here’s the full ranking:
25. Katy Perry
24. Ed Sheeran
23. Bad Bunny
22. One Direction
21. Lil Wayne
20. Bruno Mars
19. BTS
18. The Weeknd
17. Shakira
16. Jay-Z
15. Miley Cyrus
14. Justin Timberlake
13. Nicki Minaj
12. Eminem
11. Usher
10. Adele
9. Ariana Grande
8. Justin Bieber
7. Kanye West
6. Britney Spears
5. Lady Gaga
4. Drake
3. Rihanna
2. Taylor Swift
1. Beyoncé
By: Michelle |
December 4, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!