By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  05:50, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  05:56, 15 August 2024   
 91
View  comments
Bianca Censori's mother Alexandra looked young enough to be her sister on Tuesday as she stepped out with her daughter in LA.
The blonde beauty boasted an impossibly youthful visage as she spent time with Bianca, 29, and her step-grandchildren Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five.
The kids' father and Bianca's husband, Kanye West, was nowhere in sight as she took her mother out for dinner at the beachfront restaurant Nobu in Malibu.
Alexandra, who lives in Melbourne with the rest of Bianca's family, opted for a very classy look on her night out as she poured her figure into a gunmetal grey satin gown.
The conservative frock, in stark contrast to her daughter's tiny busty dress, featured a high neckline and hugged her figure before transitioning into a flowing hem.
She paired the simple piece with strappy black heels and a matching clutch as she slicked on a glowy, wrinkle-free makeup look.
Alexandra kept to a timeless hairstyle, straightening out her shoulder length blonde locks and pulling them into a side part. 
Meanwhile, Bianca, who is best known for her shock ensembles, put on a rather demure display in a taupe mini dress which flashed plenty of leg and cleavage.
Bianca Censori's mother Alexandra (pictured left with Bianca) looked young enough to be her sister on Tuesday as she stepped out with her daughter in LA 
Stepping out of the driver's side of her Cybertruck, Bianca put on a head-turning display in a bold yet comparatively more modest look for dinner.
A parking lot employee held the door open for Bianca as she emerged from the unmissable metallic vehicle before gathering by her friends. 
Bianca has generated countless headlines due to her scantily-clad outfits but her latest look was quite the turnaround from her usual skimpy outfits.
 The blonde beauty boasted an impossibly youthful visage as she spent time with Bianca, 29, and her stepchildren Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five
A source previously revealed to DailyMail.com that Bianca's parents were 'mortified' by her near-naked ensembles and feared she was 'being controlled' by Kanye. 
Her family and friends are said to be among the critics and fear the architectural designer will be 'used' to 'promote sexual indecency' by the controversial musician. 
Bianca and the multi-Grammy Award-winner tied the knot in December 2022 – less than one month after his divorce from Kim was finalized.
They have galavanted all over the world together — with Bianca often wearing next to nothing – to attend A-list fashion events as well as to promote Kanye's new music.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group