By BETHAN SEXTON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:09, 3 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:12, 3 October 2024   
 4
View  comments
Elon Musk boasted about his friendship with Sean 'Diddy' Combs after the rapper invested in X, a new book has claimed.
Musk, 53, referred to the disgraced music mogul as a 'good friend' in texts to another CEO, authors Kate Conger and Ryan Mac allege.
Musk and Combs' relationship has come under scrutiny after the Tesla owner posted a photo of a DailyMail.com article about Diddy allegedly abusing a nine-year-old boy and asking: 'How many people in music & entertainment knew about this?'
Stars including Azealia Banks and Aubrey O'Day responded angrily. 
'Ask your friends, they will tell you,' said O'Day, who worked with Diddy previously.  
Beleaguered Combs, 54, is currently facing a separate criminal indictment on charges of sex trafficking and racketeering and has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Musk quoted a DailyMail.com story about some of the allegations within a class action lawsuit with the caption: 'How many people in music and entertainment knew about this?'
Elon Musk boasted about his friendship with Sean ' Diddy ' Combs after the rapper invested in X, a new book has claimed. Pictured: Musk and Combs at Dave Chapelle's show in May 2022
However, the Tesla billionaire has been directly linked to Combs, after the rapper pumped $10 million into Musk's $44 billion Twitter take-over in 2021.
The two were then spotted sat near to each other at Dave Chappelle show in May 2022. They also attended the Kanye West's Donda 2 experience February that year.
But Musk is said to have explicitly boasted to Revolt CEO Detavio Samuels about the friendship, after Samuels raised concerns about racism on the X platform under Musk.
'I don't know if you know this, but Puff is an investor in Twitter,' Musk reportedly told him, referencing a nickname for the rapper. 'You know, he's a good friend of mine. We text a lot.'
The claims were made by Conger and Mac in their book, Character Limit. 
Combs is currently being held in Brooklyn's Metropolitan Detention Center pending trial.
Musk, 53, referred to the disgraced music mogul as a 'good friend' in texts to another CEO, authors Kate Conger and Ryan Mac allege
Combs pumped $10 million into Musk's $44 billion takeover of Twitter, now renamed X
Prosecutors have accused him of overseeing a sordid empire of sexual crimes. 
He is accused of inducing female victims and male sex workers into drugged-up, sometimes dayslong sexual performances dubbed 'Freak Offs.'
The indictment against him also alleges he coerced and abused women for years while using blackmail and shocking acts of violence to keep his victims in line.
It refers obliquely to an attack on his former girlfriend, the R&B singer Cassie Ventura, that was captured on video.
Ventura made her own claims of sexual and physical abuse in a lawsuit, which was settled the day after it was filed.
This week Combs was hit with yet more claims from 120 victims in a class action lawsuit which accuses him of sex abuse over a span of 25 years, with several underage victims, including a nine-year-old, among them. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group