Let the Super Bowl partying continue.
Bianca Censori is never one to shy away from jaw-dropping looks, and predictably pushed the envelope while celebrating husband Kanye West’s new album, “Vultures,” at a Las Vegas bash after 2024’s big game.
The Australian model, 29, was seen laughing and dancing in a barely-there bodysuit by Mowalola.
Censori appeared to wear a fur version of the daring open-sided design, which is also available in different colors of leather.
Designer Mowalola Ogunlesi has long been a close collaborator of West’s, with the rapper and his entire family — including daughter North — having worn looks by the Nigerian-born creative.
Kim Kardashian modeled the same square-neck bodysuit with matching leather pants in 2020.
West’s new wife, however, opted not to cover up in any way, wearing the thong one-piece without pants and showing off the major cutouts on the side.
At the rapper’s party, Censori posed with a friend who wore the “wet” tank top Mowalola designed for Yeezy, which is currently for sale for just $20. Censori has been spotted in the same top multiple times while out with her husband.
Despite her risqué afterparty ensemble, however, the Yeezy architect bundled up for the big game at Allegiant Stadium, wearing a latex head covering underneath a black windbreaker.
West — who released “Vultures” on Saturday — was the one with the more eye-catching outfit at the Super Bowl, wearing a black face mask with a three-dimensional crucifixion of Jesus that hailed from Alexander McQueen’s fall 1996 “Dante” collection.
He layered the unique accessory on top of a full face covering and wore a black leather bomber jacket to the game, which saw the Kansas City Chiefs triumph over the San Francisco 49ers.
Kardashian, meanwhile, went for a motorcross-inspired Balenciaga outfit for the game before changing into a tiny Prada bra top and miniskirt for the Wynn Hotel afterparty, attended by fellow celebrities including Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, Brittany and Patrick Mahomes, and Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly.
Advertisement