By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:47, 19 November 2024   |  Updated:  18:29, 19 November 2024   
 60
View  comments
Kanye 'Ye' West and his second wife Bianca Censori sat down for a dinner date at Ukiyo restaurant in Tokyo on Tuesday night ahead of their second wedding anniversary in December.
The 47-year-old rapper-designer and his 29-year-old Yeezy head of architecture appeared a bit bored or tired as they studied the menu.
Ye sported a black hoodie and opened his mouth to reveal the $850K titanium teeth he commissioned back in January.
For once, Bianca - who appeared to be glued to her phone - bundled up in a pink faux-fur coat in order to combat Japan's 46F-degree rainy weather.
Last Friday, a source told DailyMail.com that Censori 'is sick of hopping from hotel to hotel and from city to city' with the 24-time Grammy winner, who recently bought a $35M Beverly Hills mansion as a 'last ditch effort to save their ailing marriage.'
On Monday, Ye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian shared snaps of 'life lately' as a struggling single mother to their four children - daughter North, 11; son Saint, 8; daughter Chicago, 6; and son Psalm, 5.
Kanye 'Ye' West and his second wife Bianca Censori sat down for a dinner date at Ukiyo restaurant in Tokyo on Tuesday night ahead of their second wedding anniversary in December
After their six-year marriage ended in 2021, the prolific hip-hop star pays the 44-year-old SKIMS CEO $200K/month in child support as part of their 20/80 custody arrangement - according to TMZ.
But Ye hasn't been pictured with his kids since they joined him onstage to perform his track Everybody during a Vultures 2 listening party at the Wuyuan River Sports Stadium in Hainan on September 15.
'It's really f***ing hard,' Kim complained on the What The Winkler podcast on November 12.
'[I'm] basically raising four kids by myself here.'
Kardashian acknowledged that she has a 'great support system' with family members and nannies to help, but 'sometimes in the middle of the night when [the kids are] all sleeping in your bed, kicking you and crying and waking up, like, it is...'
'It's not something I talk about a lot because I feel like there is always a lot of judgment,' The Kardashians producer-star admitted.
'Or people will always jump to the, "Oh, but you have the resources to have nannies and to have help."'
Kim continued: 'I feel like I'm at, like, a pitstop of a racecar driver, when it's like, "Brush your teeth, brush your teeth, brush your teeth, brush your teeth, OK, get dressed, get dressed, do your hair."'
The 47-year-old rapper-designer and his 29-year-old Yeezy head of architecture appeared a bit bored or tired as they studied the menu
Ye sported a black hoodie and opened his mouth to reveal the $850K titanium teeth he commissioned back in January
For once, Bianca - who appeared to be glued to her phone - bundled up in a pink faux-fur coat in order to combat Japan's 46F-degree rainy weather
Last Friday, a source told DailyMail.com that Censori 'is sick of hopping from hotel to hotel and from city to city' with the 24-time Grammy winner, who recently bought a $35M Beverly Hills mansion as a 'last ditch effort to save their ailing marriage'
On Monday, Ye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian shared snaps of 'life lately' as a struggling single mother to their four children - son Saint, 8; daughter Chicago, 6; daughter North, 11; and son Psalm, 5 (pictured November 5)
After their six-year marriage ended in 2021, the prolific hip-hop star pays the 44-year-old SKIMS CEO $200K/month in child support as part of their 20/80 custody arrangement (pictured in 2020)
But Ye hasn't been pictured with his kids since they joined him onstage to perform his track Everybody during a Vultures 2 listening party at the Wuyuan River Sports Stadium in Hainan on September 15 
Kim complained on the What The Winkler podcast on November 12: 'It's really f***ing hard. [I'm] basically raising four kids by myself here'
Kardashian acknowledged that she has a 'great support system' with family members and nannies to help, but 'sometimes in the middle of the night when [the kids are] all sleeping in your bed, kicking you and crying and waking up, like, it is...'
The Kardashians producer-star admitted: 'It's not something I talk about a lot because I feel like there is always a lot of judgment. Or people will always jump to the, "Oh, but you have the resources to have nannies and to have help"'
The Atlanta-born rapper moved to Tokyo for a 'fresh chapter' where he's 'living in a hotel hard at work on his next album Bully' without any other producers but himself - journalist Touré said on TikTok October 11 
Ye has not yet announced a release date for his 11th studio album (pictured) but he already released two ¥$ collaborative albums - Vultures 1 and Vultures 2 - with Ty Dolla Sign on February 10 and August 3 this year 
The Atlanta-born rapper moved to Tokyo for a 'fresh chapter' where he's 'living in a hotel hard at work on his next album Bully' without any other producers but himself - journalist Touré said on TikTok October 11.
Ye has not yet announced a release date for his 11th studio album but he already released two ¥$ collaborative albums - Vultures 1 and Vultures 2 - with Ty Dolla Sign on February 10 and August 3 this year.
The Beauty and the Beast rapper - who suffers from bipolar disorder - is also facing a slew of lawsuits from former employees Lauren Pisciotta, Benjamin Deshon Provo, and Trevor Phillips.
Last Thursday, Ye's fired project manager Murphy Aficionado (2022-2023) filed a lawsuit for unpaid wages, discrimination, harassment, and retaliation after being subjected to hearing 'loud sex' and 'racist lectures.'
'The Jews are out to get me,' the Chicago State University drop-out said - according to the suit.
'They froze my bank account. The Jews got Kim and my kids… The Jews convinced Kim. She has Jewish masters.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group