By CARINA STATHIS and PRANAV HARISH FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  02:01, 30 August 2024   |  Updated:  15:30, 30 August 2024   
 22
View  comments
Celebrity-beloved Australian fashion brand Dion Lee owes $35million to creditors after collapsing into liquidation. 
The high-end line was a favourite of global superstars, including Taylor Swift and Dua Lipa, and entered voluntary administration in May after a partnership deal collapsed.
On Thursday night creditors opted to put the business into liquidation after receiving no 'acceptable' offers to buy out the brand. 
Stores will shut in late September and early October. 
Antony Resnick, a liquidator from insolvency firm dVT Group, was appointed as the administrator for the brand.
'The second creditors meeting heard that while there had been interest from potential buyers of the brand no acceptable offer was as yet forthcoming,' the liquidators said in a statement to news.com.au. 
Major clothing label Cue Clothing Co, reportedly ended their partnership agreement with Dion Lee and also cancelled their investment in the business according to The Australian. 
Cue Clothing Co first became a partner with Dion Lee more than a decade ago and the company was also a shareholder in the business. 
The Australian franchise of fashion label Dion Lee has collapsed into liquidation after a major partnership deal collapsed (pop star Taylor Swift centre, wore a Dion Lee Crochet Corset Top at the SuperBowl in February)
On Thursday night creditors opted to put the business into liquidation after receiving no 'acceptable' offers to buy out the brand  (pictured Aussie superstars Kylie and Dannii Minogue wearing Dion Lee when they performed at the Sydney World Pride Opening Concert in 2024)
Daily Mail Australia has contacted Dion Lee for comment. 
The business found renewed fame recently after pop star Taylor Swift wore a $650 Dion Lee Crochet Corset Top at the Super Bowl as she cheered on her boyfriend Travis Kelce.
The clothing label was founded by the namesake designer Dion Lee in 2009.
Stores will shut in late September and early October (pictured internet and TV personality Tully Smyth wearing Dion Lee at the Melbourne Fashion Festival Runway in March)
The clothing label was founded by Australian fashion designer Dion Lee (pictured) in 2009
Since then the company grew exponentially, with six outlets in Australia and 160 stores worldwide, including a store in the US which opened in December last year. 
Mr Lee, 38, has also collaborated with Kanye West on a shoe collection and designed clothing worn by pop star Dua Lipa. 
Some of the accessories retail for as much as $A990. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group