Michael Jackson's son Prince, 27, turned heads as he made a solo public appearance at the NAACP Theatre Awards.
The eldest son of the Bad singer looked so grown up at the plush event. He looked dapper in a light blue shirt which he paired with a dark suit and tie. He also wore his trademark long hair tied back in a ponytail.
Prince is the first of two children Michael had with nurse Debbie Rowe. He has sister Paris, 26, and their younger brother 'Blanket' by another mother too.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West appears 'upbeat' as he emerges for the first time amid sexual assault lawsuit
Prince beamed at the awards that honours outstanding people of colour in theatre this month. He has long been a supporter and looked over the moon to attend.
He had previously hit the headlines when he looked unrecognisable on Good Morning Britain in 2022. The son of the Thriller singer appeared on the ITV breakfast show and was interviewed by Adil Ray and Charlotte Hawkins about his father's legacy.
He discussed Halloween traditions in the family and how his father would make the holiday special for them. During the chat, he also responded to comments that Harry Styles was the new King of Pop.
The title has always been synonymous with Michael. Whilst Prince accepted Harry was a great musician overall, he insisted his dad's title was earned over years. Asked what he felt about Harry Styles being given the King of Pop label, he said: "Harry Styles is an incredible artist and he's got his own genre. He's an amazing artist but the King of Pop was a moniker my dad really earned during a time when the access to information, the access to popularity and fame wasn't as possible as it is today.
"With so many other social factors you have at the time, I do feel like my father is the King of Pop and always will be the King of Pop and it's not something you can ever take away because we've just evolved so much as a society."
He added: "Those same factors will never be the same. So when you look about where my father started to where he ended versus where all the people started to where they ended, it's just night and day of a difference."
Fans rushed to social media to pay tribute to Prince, describing him as a very "level headed" guy. "Prince Jackson is a smart dude. His dad would be very proud along with his other siblings. # GMB," one wrote, as a second added: "Prince Jackson seems a very level headed young man. #gmb."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.