Julia Fox turned heads with her latest style moment—but not for the reason you'd think.
While the Uncut Gems star is known for wearing eccentric getups that push the fashion boundaries, her newest look was a lot more low-key. That's right, she kept it casual during a recent outing in New York City.
For her afternoon stroll, Julia sported a fuzzy brown, floor-length trench coat layered over a white knit sweater and black leggings. She also kept her accessories minimal, styling her laidback look with pink ballet flats, white ankle socks and a baseball cap.
The OMG Fashun host even ditched her trademark beauty style, as she skipped her go-to, thick winged eyeliner and opted for a makeup-free look.
But it won't be long before she showcases a larger-than-life ensemble. After all, that's the inspiration behind her upcoming reality competition series on E!. As she put it in the March 18 teaser clip, "Doing this show is just what I do in my everyday life."
And although Julia's new series is a design competition, there's more to it than meets the eye.
"OMG Fashun is shaping the future of fashion, emphasizing sustainability, upcycling, and creative craftsmanship to restore integrity to this art form," the 34-year-old said in a Feb. 1 statement. "Being the most stylish person in the room doesn't require breaking the bank; all it takes is creativity and a dash of confidence."
She added, "My biggest hope is that our viewers will get inspired by what we create on the show and recreate the looks at home using all their old junk they have lying around!" 
But before Julia asks designers to step out of their comfort zone, revisit her most jaw-dropping looks over the years.
Yee-Haw
Fox strutted the streets of Paris in a revealing cowboy-inspired look complete with an oversized cowboy hat.
Sexy Robot
The OMG Fashun host made jaws drop while arriving to Mugler's 2024 Paris Fashion Week show in a nude body suit with silver feathers and futuristic jewels on her face.
Cinched for the Gods
The style icon attended the Vivienne Westwood Fall/Winter 2024-2025 show in a masterfully constructed corset gown. 
Splitting Hairs
While attending press events on April 4 for her upcoming reality TV series OMG Fashun (premiering May 6 at 9 p.m. ET on E!), Julia opted for a pantsless look and shoes made of hair extensions.
The actress was in bridal mode, as she wore a fabulous wedding gown to the Wiederhoeft fashion show during New York Fashion Week.
The 33-year-old turned heads at the Art of Elysium Paradis 25th anniversary party during the 2023 Cannes Film Festival. For the May 21 event, Julia freed the nipple in a see-through glass top and billowing white skirt that enveloped the red carpet.
The social media sensation wore another knock-out denim look and put a new spin on fall fashion with her bikini bottoms.
Laundry Day
The influencer donned a literal dry-cleaning garment bag with a freshly-pressed button-down during an outing in London.
Freeing the Nipple
The OMG Fashun host stepped out in a pearl-clutching look that consisted of a flesh-colored bra with fake chest hairs and a prosthetic nipple. And if you can believe it, her underwear was more NSFW than the top, as it featured a sewn-up vagina with pubic hairs and the words "closed" on the front.
While attending The Idol after-party during the 2023 Cannes Film Festival, Julia stole the spotlight in a clear plastic jacket with fuzzy pom-poms, matching pants, a G-string and sky-high heels. Her white mohawk beanie, powder-white foundation and bold black lip acted as the perfect finishing touches.
The Uncut Gems star stepped out during Milan Fashion Week in a daring balaclava with an attached bra top.
While attending the Diesel show during Milan Fashion Week, Julia rocked a sleek blue two-piece. 
The 32-year-old took New York Fashion Week by storm, wearing a clear mermaid-esque look.
Julia had the cutest plus-one during NYFW, as she and her son twin in futuristic get-ups.
The actress was spotted in her coziest look yet but added a bit of edge with her combat boots and dramatic winged liner.
The model wowed in a sheath halter dress.
Julia is certainly her own muse and this risqué cut-out look was additional proof.
For The Idol premiere at the Cannes Film Festival 2023, the Puppet actress wowed in an iridescent one-shoulder gown by Nicolas Jebran. The eye-catching design featured a corseted waist, dramatic floor-length cape and thigh-high slit.
The No Sudden Move star stopped traffic in a lingerie look while out grocery shopping in Los Angeles. Her denim accessories were truly a chef's kiss. 
While attending the Independent Spirit Awards, the actress wore an eye-catching little black dress. From the risqué cut-outs to the plunging neckline, it's anything but basic.
Julia modeled for the LaQuan Smith NYFW runway, wearing a sexy skintight black dress.
Julia oozed with glamour at the 2019 Toronto Film Festival, turning heads in a bold red lip and sparkly mesh skirt.
Julia and Kanye West gave the canadian tuxedo a fresh update, as they twinned in all-denim looks.
Julia transformed into a goth-glam princess during NYFW.
Julia proved just how universal denim can be, as she wore a teensy bustier and handbag out of the material.
A fresh-faced Julia showcased her daring style as she paired a bandeau bra with a low-rise skirt.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.