Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In early 2024, Amber Rose debuted an eye-catching tattoo on her forehead that elicited a mixed response from people online, and now she has revealed the meaning behind it.
Rose—who previously dated Kanye West and spearheaded the Los Angeles "SlutWalk," a feminist movement against slut-shaming and sexual assault—has dedicated the "Bash Slash" script tattoo to her two children.
The model shares her son Sebastian "Bash" Taylor Thomaz with rapper Wiz Khalifa and her other son, Slash Electric Alexander Edwards, with her ex-boyfriend Alexander "AE" Edwards.
Newsweek emailed a spokesperson for Rose for comment on Tuesday.
"Not everybody is gonna get a face tatt. That's what separates me from them," she told Stylish magazine while celebrating her debut on OnlyFans.
When Rose shared a photo of the ink on Instagram for the first time, thousands of people responded. While some showed their appreciation for the tattoo, others criticized it and called it a mistake. However, Rose said she hasn't been impacted by anybody else's opinion of the design.
"I don't live my life for other people... If I let people affect me in that way, I would just be miserable every day. I wouldn't be the great mom that I am. I would be depressed and I would be filled with anxiety," Rose added.
"I love my body, I'm cool with my body and I do what I want with my body. You just gotta be who you are and if someone likes you, they'll join the bandwagon; and if not, they're just not for you. It's not really a big deal for me."
Rose also told the publication that she plans on eventually getting tattoos of her sons' faces once they are both a bit older.
This isn't the only reason Rose has been making headlines recently; she received praise from Trump supporters after speaking at the Republican National Convention in Wisconsin on Monday. She also received an avalanche of GOP backlash, due in part to her involvement in spearheading the Los Angeles "SlutWalk." This is in stark contrast to Trump, who played a part in the repeal of abortion rights law Roe vs. Wade. And, in May, a Manhattan jury found the former president liable for sexually abusing and defaming journalist E. Jean Carroll. He has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
During her speech on Monday, Rose said that she realized Trump and his supporters were her people because they love everybody "whether you're Black, white, gay or straight." The former president could be seen during the speech, smiling from the audience while wearing a large bandage over his right ear.
"I realized Donald Trump and his supporters don't care if you're Black, white, gay or straight," Rose said. "It's all love. And that's when it hit me: These are my people. This is where I belong."
Formerly a Trump critic, the model surprised people when she endorsed the former president in May. She posted an image of herself with Trump and former first lady Melania Trump on social media, captioning the photo "Trump 2024" with three American flag emoji.
The endorsement marked a significant shift in Rose's political stance. Before the 2016 election, the model said she would leave the country if Trump became president but didn't follow through with that decision.
Then, during a 2016 interview with The Cut, she referred to Trump as a "f****** idiot," adding at the time that she "really hope[s] he's not president."
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC