Taylor Swift took Beyoncé to the recording studio — her shoes, that is.
The global superstar was photographed heading into New York City’s Electric Lady Studios Wednesday afternoon rocking a pair of Adidas x Ivy Park sneakers.
She wore the brand’s Ivytopia Savage Trail style, which is sold out but can still be purchased secondhand on StockX.
She paired the kicks with an (also sold-out) Adidas fleece jacket, black leggings and tortoiseshell sunglasses.
The 34-year-old styled her blond hair in a ponytail and wore a swipe of her signature red lipstick.
Her outing to the recording studio, of course, fueled fan speculation that she’s working on “Reputation (Taylor’s Version).”
She and Beyoncé, 42, have enjoyed quite a year, with both embarking on record-breaking global tours that were followed by box office-topping films.
And while people have long pitted the Grammy winners against one another — much to the disappointment of fans — each showed support for the other at the premieres of their concert movies.
The “Cuff It” singer made it to Swift’s Los Angeles “Eras Tour” movie debut in October 2023, while Swift traveled to London the following month for the “Renaissance” film premiere. 
Swift’s BFF Blake Lively attended the “Renaissance” premiere with her, and later made a joke about the constant comparisons between the singers online. 
“When I grew up, women were always pit against one another. It took me until adulthood to see that the instinct for women to lift each other up to their highest potential is the norm not the exception,” she wrote alongside a carousel of snapshots from the premiere.
“Most of my best friends are women who would’ve been packaged to me as threats or competition.”
“It’s our job to show younger generations the power in aligning rather than dividing.”
She playfully added, “All this to say, @beyonce and @taylorswift neither of you have to be threatened by my pop stardom. There’s space for us all.”
Swift and Beyoncé, of course, have a long history of supporting one another. 
The “Single Ladies” hitmaker famously invited a then-teenage Swift onto the stage at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards to finish her acceptance speech for her Best Female Video award after Kanye West rudely interrupted her and complained that Beyoncé should have won.
After Beyoncé watched the “Eras Tour” film with Swift and her fans in October, the “Cruel Summer” singer reiterated how thankful she is to have had her support and guidance over the years in a touching Instagram post.
“I’m so glad I’ll never know what my life would’ve been like without @beyonce‘s influence,” she began.
“The way she’s taught me and every artist out here to break rules and defy industry norms.”
Swift continued, “Her generosity of spirit. Her resilience and versatility.”
“She’s been a guiding light throughout my career and the fact that she showed up tonight was like an actual fairytale.”
Advertisement