Bianca Censori's ex-boyfriend has revealed many things about her life before fame.
Nick Forgiane dated Bianca, 29, for six years before she married Kanye West. The Australian natives met in 2007 when they were teens and started dating seven year later at 21 years old. Bianca then married rapper Kanye, 46, in January 2023 just two months after Kanye and his ex-wife, Kim Kardashian, finalised their divorce. Kim and Kanye share four children together - North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm West.
Nick opened up about his relationship with his ex-girlfriend on Nova FM’s Fitzy & Wippa and gave his thoughts on her relationship with the rapper and how she planned to be famous.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian fans spot major clue she 'misses' her ex-husband Kanye West
He said: "Bianca has always been bigger than Melbourne and we both knew this. One time we travelled to America and she told me she would live there one day."
He continued: "The girl is extremely talented and took the leap to go chase her dream of being a famous architect, which she’s achieved. Of course, I support them. If Bianca is happy with Kanye, I am happy for her." He added: "She has always been supportive of my relationships. I wish them the best and hope it’s a modern-day love story."
Nick also admitted that she was never a Kanye fan, but he did have videos of her dancing to his 2018 song with Lil Pump, I Love It. Bianca's rise to fame was overnight after her romance with Kanye. She has been integrated into his family with ex Kim and is often pictured with their eldest child North. Bianca worked for Yeezy from November 2020 before tying the knot with Kanye.
Bianca's ex still has pictures with Bianca on his Instagram. One set of pictures shows Nick and Bianca visiting New York City's Times Square in 2015, as well as attending Melbourne Spring Racing Carnival Oaks day in 2017 and 2018. They are also seen enjoying trips to places like Byron Bay Another image showed off Bianca's fun-loving side as she comically posed with her feet on her face at the Rainbow Serpent festival.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.