Kanye West is said to be 'ready for divorce' after reportedly splitting up with wife Bianca Censori a few weeks ago.
The All Falls Down rapper married the Australian architect, who is 18 years younger than Kanye, in December 2022, just two months after his divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalised. Rumours of the wedding emerged in January 2023, but the nuptials were confirmed in October when a marriage certificate was leaked online.
Their relationship began when Kanye alluded to a romance with Bianca by releasing his track Censori Overload two years ago. Since their wedding, the controversial couple had been making headlines while jetting around the world, with Bianca shocking fans in her barely-there fashion choices.
And now, rumours have claimed the rapper and his wife have gone their separate ways and 'possibly' plan to divorce each other. According to sources, Bianca flew to Australia to be with her family while the 47-year-old rapper has been in Tokyo, Japan.
The sources added to TMZ that the Clique rapper has been telling his pals that he is done with his wife and wants to be single again. Kanye and Bianca haven't been pictured together since September 20 while shopping in the capital city of Japan.
It has been claimed that the final straw in their seemingly strained relationship came when Bianca's family came to visit her and Kanye in LA from Australia. After spending time with the couple, Bianca's family reportedly couldn't look past 'the troubling part of their relationship', and Bianca was forced to really take a look at her romance with Kanye.
Insiders have claimed that Kanye and Bianca were already 'drifting apart' before her loved ones took the trip from Australia to spend some time in LA to get a greater gist of what her everyday life was like being married to one of the world's biggest rappers.
Bianca's family reportedly had become very concerned about the way she was dressing in public and raised concerns with her while they were there. Bianca and Kanye have been known for their racy displays, with them often heading out in public while donning unique clothing. Bianca has been seen in incredibly risqué clothing choices, and NSFW outfits alongside Kanye - which hasn't gone unnoticed by fans.
Lifting the lid on the issue, a source told Mail Online: "Bianca started to see the relationship in a new light when her friends and family voiced concerns about the way she was dressing in public and Kanye felt that she wasn’t as into him as she was in the beginning."
"There are no hard feelings but she couldn’t ignore her family when they asked her to explain the stranger parts of their relationship. They have broken up before so there is a chance they’ll reunite," the source added.
The former couple tied the knot in 2022, just a few weeks after Ye was officially divorced from his ex-wife Kim - with whom he shares four children. Earlier this year, insiders and the couple themselves dropped a number of heavy hints that they were planning to have a baby together. In February, eagle-eyed fans spotted telling lyrics on a track of Kanye’s latest album, Vultures. In Keys to My Life, Kanye hinted that he was ready for "another baby".
He rapped: "Is you ready for the Venmo? You already know my demo You already know I'm impulsive And another baby is my end goal." A month later, a longtime friend and confidant of Ye sent the rumour mill into overdrive when he said that the rapper and YEEZY founder was happier than ever and could be ready to be a dad. At the time, Justin LaBoy revealed to TMZ that he thought a "bunch of babies" were on the way for the couple.
The Mirror have reached out to Bianca and Kanye's representatives for comment.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.