Save 25% off with this Columbia waterproof hiking jacket 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

This year, I embarked on a three-day hiking trip in Switzerland's stunning Val d’Anniviers, where I discovered my new favorite waterproof outer layer: Columbia's OutDry Extreme Wyldwood Shell Jacket. Thanks to this year's Black Friday, it's currently $50 off in Columbia's Black Friday sale.
If you’re in the market for a high-performance rain jacket, don’t miss the full details of this deal below. You can also check out more Columbia Black Friday deals here.
This awesome 25% discount applies to both versions of the OutDry Extreme Wyldwood Shell Jacket, meaning you can pick from either the off-white or black versions. The white version is slightly cheaper from Dick's Sporting Goods right now but there is only size small left over there.
There are three features I truly came to appreciate when I pulled this jacket out of my backpack at the top of Illhorn, a 2,717-meter-high mountain in the Swiss Alps. First, its packability proved invaluable—folding neatly into its own pocket, it took up minimal space in my bag until I needed it.
Second, its adjustable hood, cuffs, and hem were a game-changer, sealing out the rain and chilly drafts that you can't escape while so high up. Third, the secure, waterproof pockets kept my phone and snacks dry, even in the downpour.
When I first tried on this jacket in my London apartment, far removed from any mountains or outdoor adventures, I couldn’t help but feel like I was about to strut down the runway of a Kanye West fashion show, thanks to its glossy, leather-like finish. But the moment I pulled it out on the trails, I fit right in amongst fellow hikers. Not only did it keep me perfectly dry and protected from the elements, but it also had me feeling like a gorpcore style icon on the mountains.You can also get the matching trousers to this jacket in the Columbia Black Friday sale right now. The Columbia OutDry Extreme Wyldwood Rain Pants are now $135 down from $180, saving you $45. They have much the same features as the jacket but in trouser form such as adjustable waistband and cuffs, they come with pockets and they can fold into their own pocket.
Note: I don’t hike the Swiss Alps every day, but I can confirm that Columbia's OutDry Wyldwood line provides invaluable waterproof layers both on and off the mountains.
Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips.
Jessica has been a fitness writer at Tom’s Guide since 2023, bringing three years of experience writing about health, fitness, and the great outdoors. Her passion for exercise began during her childhood, where she spent weekends hiking and competing in local athletics club events. After earning a master’s degree in journalism from Cardiff University, Jessica found the perfect way to combine her love of storytelling and fitness into a career.
Jessica is passionate about testing fitness gear and tech, using her reviews to help readers make informed buying decisions. She ran her first marathon in April 2024, finishing it in 3 hours and 48 minutes. Through her training, she’s developed a deep understanding of what it takes to grow as a runner, from effective workouts and recovery techniques to selecting the right gear for every challenge.
When she’s not at her desk, Jessica enjoys spending time in the kitchen crafting new recipes, braving cold water swims and hiking.

Tom's Guide is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.