Spotify once again rolled out its popular Wrapped campaign today (Dec. 4), unveiling its annual Spotify for Artists report alongside personalized insights for fans. The 2024 Wrapped campaign introduces enhanced tools, new features and cutting-edge AI integrations designed to deepen engagement between creators and their audiences.
“While Wrapped for Artists has always been a fun way for artists to look back on their year and celebrate with fans, we’re always looking to enhance the experience,” shares Madeleine Bennet, Head of Global Music Go-to-Market for Spotify. “The Spotify for Artists team has been super focused on helping artists build stronger connections with their listeners around new music releases, especially through tools like playlist pitching, Countdown Pages and Clips. Because releasing new music is such a crucial moment, this year’s Wrapped will put a special emphasis on these milestones.”
For artists, Spotify for Artists offers a dedicated microsite with shareable visuals and personalized data stories, including top listeners, most-streamed tracks and new insights like top-performing Clips and biggest release weeks. Songwriters, podcast creators, and—new this year—authors also have their own Wrapped experiences, complete with interactive microsites and share cards tailored to their audiences.
AI plays a bigger role this year, with Spotify launching a personalized AI podcast summarizing users’ top music and an AI DJ providing commentary on listening habits in English and Spanish. Premium users can create customized playlists using Wrapped data via the AI Playlist feature, further personalizing their experience.
Fans are treated to expanded data stories, such as “Your Music Evolution,” which highlights listening trends across the year and generates a corresponding playlist. TikTok integration allows users to share Wrapped results directly on the platform, extending Spotify’s reach into new spaces.
On a global scale, Taylor Swift claimed the title of Spotify’s most-streamed artist for the second year in a row, with The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology earning the top album spot. Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” was the most-streamed song globally, while The Joe Rogan Experience dominated the podcast charts for a fifth consecutive year. Spotify also highlighted the rise of audiobooks, with Sarah J. Maas’ A Court of Thorns and Roses series topping the charts amid a growing trend of book-to-screen adaptations.
On the country front, Zach Bryan and Morgan Wallen appeared in the most-streamed artist top 10 in the U.S., as well as the top-streamed albums. Shaboozey‘s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” sits at No. 3 on the most-streamed songs list, with Wallen and Post Malone‘s “I Had Some Help” at No. 4 and Bryan and Kacey Musgraves‘ “I Remember Everything” at No. 9.
Spotify’s global celebration includes localized features like on-platform Easter eggs, augmented reality tools, and installations in cities worldwide. Wrapped 2024 highlights the platform’s expanding focus on personalized experiences and creative tools for artists, fans, and creators alike.
U.S. Most-Streamed Artists:
1. Taylor Swift
2. Drake
3. Zach Bryan
4. Morgan Wallen
5. Kanye West
6. Future
7. Kendrick Lamar
8. Travis Scott
9. The Weeknd
10. Metro Boomin
U.S. Most-Streamed Songs:
1. “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter
2. “Not Like Us” by Kendrick Lamar
3. “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” by Shaboozey
4. “I Had Some Help (Feat. Morgan Wallen)” by Post Malone
5. “Million Dollar Baby” by Tommy Richman
6. “Good Luck, Babe!” by Chappell Roan
7. “Beautiful Things” by Benson Boone
8. “Birds Of A Feather” by Billie Eilish
9. “I Remember Everything (feat. Kacey Musgraves)” by Zach Bryan
10. “Stick Season” by Noah Kahan
U.S. Most-Streamed Albums:
1. The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology by Taylor Swift
2. One Thing At A Time by Morgan Wallen
3. Short n’ Sweet by Sabrina Carpenter
4. Stick Season by Noah Kahan
5. The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess by Chappell Roan
6. Hit Me Hard And Soft by Billie Eilish
7. SOS by SZA
8. Dangerous: The Double Album by Morgan Wallen
9. Zach Bryan by Zach Bryan
10. 1989 (Taylor’s Version) by Taylor Swift
U.S. Top Podcasts:
1. The Joe Rogan Experience
2. Call Her Daddy
3. This Past Weekend w/ Theo Von
4. Crime Junkie
5. The Daily
6. The Tucker Carlson Show
7. Huberman Lab
8. Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard
9. Smosh Reads Reddit Stories
10. Shawn Ryan Show
Top Most Anticipated Podcast Launches in the U.S.:
1. Mind the Game with LeBron James and JJ Redick
2. Talk Tuah with Haliey Welch
3. Drowning Creek
4. Hysterical
5. Murder in the Hollywood Hills
6. Media Pressure
7. Therapuss with Jake Shane
8. Basically Unfiltered with Remi, Alisha, Zane and Heath
9. The Lonely Island and Seth Meyers Podcast
10. Clooless Podcast
U.S. Top Audiobooks in Premium:
1. A Court of Thorns and Roses by Sarah J. Maas
2. I’m Glad My Mom Died by Jennette McCurdy
3. A Court of Mist and Fury by Sarah J. Maas
4. It Ends with Us by Colleen Hoover
5. The 48 Laws of Power by Robert Greene
6. The Fellowship of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien
7. A Court of Wings and Ruin by Sarah J. Maas
8. Icebreaker: A Novel by Hannah Grace
9. Fourth Wing by Rebecca Yarros
10. Funny Story by Emily Henry