By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:55, 18 January 2024   |  Updated:  05:15, 18 January 2024   
 52
View  comments
The social media verdict is in for Kanye West's latest gambit - the rapper had $850K titanium dentures installed in his mouth - and the results are a blend of snark, mockery and confusion.
Dailymail.com was first to report on Wednesday that the rapper's new denture set set him back $850,000, as a source said the dentures were 'more expensive than diamonds.'
A number of social media users said that West - who has past made headlines for his outrageous antics and repeated antisemitic statements - was seeking social media clout and attention with the nearly-million dollar investment, which is the result of a new surgical model.
'He’s running out of ideas to be controversial,' one user said of West, who compared himself to James Bond villain Jaws in an Instagram post.
A number of commenters said that West's latest actions were reflective of  contemporary celebrity culture, in which attention can be a coveted commodity.
The social media verdict is in for Kanye West's latest gambit - the rapper had his teeth replaced with $850K titanium dentures - and the results are a blend of snark, mockery and confusion.
West, who has past made headlines for his outrageous ensembles and controversial statements, was pictured in LA in October of 2022 
'These celebrities will do anything just to attract attention,' one person said, while another said that 'these celebrities will do anything to be different.'
Said one fan: 'Rich people be so bored lmfaooooo ... get a hobby.'
One user said that West's 'ideas and actions are so different,' adding that 'famous people do special things.'
One user summed up the situation as, 'I have seen it all,' while another said that West's latest actions had them shaking their head at the costs involved physically and financially.
'I know that when people in movies suggest there's such a thing as "too much freedom," they're the bad guys, but I think Kanye West wasting $850,000 replacing healthy teeth with titanium ones is one of my limits. If that makes this my villain era, so be it,' the user said. 
One person said they believed West would come to regret the intensive procedure involving his teeth.
'Sad, you know it doesn't grow back, same with tattoos, and all other garbage celebs do and popularize,' the user said.
One user said of West: 'Good for him! He is laying out that insanity defense for something big, I just know it.'
West's updated smile was fitted by Beverly Hills, California-based Dr. Thomas Connelly alongside master dental technician Naoki Hayashi 
One social media user likened West's new look to that of a gum wrapper 
West compared himself to James Bond villain Jaws in an Instagram post 
A number of commenters said that West's latest actions were reflective of the celebrity culture, in which attention can be a coveted commodity 
Social media users responded with different reactions to the drastic dental measures West took
Some of the fans took to social media with dental puns and punchlines
One user summed up the situation as, 'I have seen it all'
Some of the fans took to social media with dental puns and punchlines following West's updated smile, which was fitted by Beverly Hills, California-based Dr. Thomas Connelly alongside master dental technician Naoki Hayashi.
One person said, 'Bro just buy a tooth brush,' while another said, 'Trying to get money from tooth fairy, I see.'
Some people mocked the aesthetics of the smooth titanium - 'Sir that is a GUM WRAPPER,' one user said - while another pointed out a potential eating problem West might encounter with his new oral set-up should he bite into something cold.
'One bite and he cryogenically gives himself a lobotomy,' the user joked.
Some were unkind to West's new look, describing it as 'hideous,' 'disgusting' and 'weird.'
Connelly told DailyMail.com that West 'was a pleasure to work with every step of the process,' as 'his vision for designing unique art transcends the dental progression.
'The marriage of his vision with dental science has created a new look that is epic!'
West lost a number of lucrative partnerships after a series of media appearances in late 2022 in which he made antisemitic statements and praised Adolf Hitler.   

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group