Kim Kardashian has broken her silence after being dragged in Taylor Swift's new album, The Tortured Poets Department.
The Blank Space songstress appeared to reference the mum-of-four in her 11th studio album track, thanK you aIMee. "There's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you and a plaque underneath it / That threatens to push me down the stairs, at our school," she sings. Taylor once detailed a feud with Kim, saying it "took her down psychologically".
Now the two appear to have reignited their bitter battle, with Taylor also singing: "And so I changed your name, and any real defining clues / And one day, your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you." Fans think it's a reference to Kim's eldest daughter North, shared with ex-husband Kanye West, and her new music.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift makes brutal Kim Kardashian jibe in new Tortured Poets song after bitter feud
But despite all of this, Kim insists "life is good", finally speaking out in her first interview since Taylor dropped TTPD. She opened up on the latest episode Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Monday. Host Jimmy joked about Taylor's album in his opening monologue, but didn't appear to ask any pressing questions to Kim herself, sparking comments from viewers.
After chatting about her shapewear brand SKIMS instead, fuming fans said that Jimmy "missed an opportunity" to find out more about Taylor and Kim's dispute. "I'm sure she had her PR people ask him to stay away from those types of questions," wrote another.
Kim and Taylor's feud when Kim jumped to her ex-husband Kanye West's defence after he wrote vulgar lyrics about Taylor. On his 2016 song Famous, Kanye rapped: "I feel like me and Taylor Swift might still have sex. Why? I made that b***h famous."
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
Taylor wasn't happy with the track, but Kanye claimed to have had an hour-long phone call with her about the lyrics and said she had given her blessing. Kim jumped to her then-husband's defence and shared a video of Kanye's phone call with Taylor. During the chat, he appeared to ask permission to use the lyrics.
Taylor seemed to say: "I know, it's like a compliment, kind of. Yeah, I mean, what's dope about the line is it's very tongue in cheek either way. And I really appreciate you telling me about it, that's really nice." However, Taylor insisted that wasn't the full phone call and she was vindicated in 2020 when the unedited version of her and Kanye's call was leaked.
In 2023, Taylor was crowned TIME magazine's Person of the Year and opened up about the impact Kim and Kanye's behaviour had on her. The singer said the long-running feud took her "down psychologically" to a place she had not been before. She explained to the publication: "That took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn't leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls. I pushed away most people in my life because I didn’t trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard," she explained in the tell-all interview.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.