Bianca Censori turned heads with her daring outfit choice as she stepped out in just suspenders, leaving little to the imagination.
The 29-year-old Australian architect certainly raised temperatures this week when she was spotted in a barely-there ensemble that left her ample assets on full display during a night out with a male friend. In the photos, Kanye West's wife risked a wardrobe malfunction in her risque attire as she posed alongside her pal Gadir Rajab, celebrating his birthday at Gigi Paris in France.
The bold snaps showcased Bianca's stunning hourglass figure and toned midriff, clad in a nude-coloured gauze-like outfit as she expertly struck a pose next to Gadir. Adding to her eye-catching look, the model sported her new vibrant pink curly locks and opted for a natural makeup look for the occasion.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori's 'unique' moment shows dramatic shift in relationship with Kanye West
READ MORE: Kylie Jenner breaks down in tears as she admits she 'looks old' after getting lip filler
In the photos, Bianca's pal was spotted lounging on a cream couch sporting a snug red-and-black striped collared T-shirt. Meanwhile, Bianca's other half, Kanye, was conspicuously absent from the birthday festivities at the celeb-favourite venue.
The duo were snapped enjoying their evening at Gigi Paris, an upscale Italian eatery boasting stunning views of the Paris skyline and the iconic Eiffel Tower. Although the polarising musician wasn't present to celebrate with Bianca, they were earlier seen together at the Prototypes Menswear Spring/Summer 2025 fashion show in France as part of Paris Fashion Week. There, Bianca turned heads with her eye-catching new hairdo while donning a revealing sheer nude leotard that left little to the imagination.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
Following the release of the pictures, body language guru Judi James offered her insights into the couple's relationship, calling the change "startling." Speaking to The Mirror, she said: "Bianca is walking ahead here and leading her husband in by the hand like a mom leading her kid to school. Kanye's face, hands and entire body are covered and it seems to have created a docile and submissive posture, with his head down and his arms pulled to his side in a self-diminishing ritual."
She added: "Bianca is also smiling start to end, which is rare to the point of unique, especially as she's smiling at other people rather than smiling at Kanye, which again shows a dramatic shift in the sociability of the couple."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.