"She's over it," says a source.
Getty
 Last week, Taylor Swift reignited her 2016 feud with Kim Kardashian after releasing the song "thanK you aIMee" (the capital letters in the title spell "Kim") on her new album The Tortured Poets Department, but the reality star reportedly isn't interested in revisiting their past drama.

 Of Kardashian's reaction to the track, which is about a high school bully named Aimee, a source exclusively told People: “She’s over it and thinks Taylor should move on.” The insider went on to explain that SKIMS founder “doesn’t get why [Swift] keeps harping on it," adding: "It’s been literally years.”

 Upon the song's release, fans instantly speculated that the lyrics were directed toward Kardashian. Referencing her signature fake tan, Swift sings: "When I picture my hometown / There's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you / And a plaque underneath it / That threatens to push me down the stairs, at our school." 

Getty
 Meanwhile, in the second verse, she talks about Aimee stomping "across my grave," which might be alluding to the grave Swift crawls out of in her music video for her diss track "Look What You Made Me Do." And at the bridge of the tune, Swift notes that she removed "any real defining clues" about who the song is about, admitting that she "changed your name" and that it's a song "only us two is gonna know is about you." 

 Swift and Kardashian's feud first started in 2016 when Kanye West sang about the pop star in his song "Famous," claiming that she approved the lyrics, "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that bitch famous" ahead of its release. Kardashian shared edited footage of a phone call between Swift and West in an effort to prove her side of the story, but the call in its entirety was later leaked, proving Swift was the one telling the truth. 

Getty
 In her Time 2023 Person of the Year interview, Swift said the drama "took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before." She further explained, “You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)