Kanye West 's wife Bianca Censori has covered up for a shopping trip with her famous husband, just a few days after baring all on her birthday and "regretting" letting her husband share racy snaps of her.
The 29-year-old Australian model and architect has stepped out with her rapper husband, 46, for a shopping trip. And while heading out in Los Angeles for a spree, the Aussie beauty threw on a multitude of layers to keep warm.
Meanwhile, her husband, who made a gushing public statement about his wife at the weekend, also covered up. The couple both donned all-black outfits for their outing.
For all the latest o n news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West 'in control' as wife Bianca Censori feels 'tense and worried' in racy photos
On Wednesday afternoon, the similarly dressed couple were seen shopping at Maxfield boutique in West Hollywood. Bianca sported a long black leather coat with a large fuzzy hat - an accessory that has fast-become her signature - while Kanye looked a little more low-key.
While Bianca opted for heels and a more put-together finish, Kanye was seen in his usual jeans, leather jacket, and a hoodie pulled up over his head. The couple both appeared to keep their facial expressions muted as they wandered the streets of LA during their shopping trip.
This comes after the couple were spotted in Las Vegas for Bianca's birthday over the weekend. Wearing a tiny bikini top and sarong-style skirt, Bianca was seen shopping with her husband before they headed out for dinner.
Photos and a video of the couple circulated online, with one clip even showing Bianca blowing out the candles on her birthday cake. Kanye could be seen sitting beside his wife, with him looking overjoyed to be celebrating her birthday with loved ones.
Meanwhile, to commemorate her birthday, Kanye penned a gushing note to his missus. The rapper sweetly shared some snaps of his wife on social media and penned: "Happy birthday to the most beautiful super bad iconic muse inspirational talented artist masters degree in architecture 140 IQ loving by my side everyday when half the world turned their backs on me..."
This comes after Kanye shared a slew of racy snaps of his wife for her birthday. Last week Kanye shared a slew of very racy snaps of Bianca on social media. One of the snaps was captioned: "No pants this year".
Following Kanye sharing the slew of snaps, celebrity psychic and astrologer Inbaal Honigman carried out a Tarot reading for the couple where she revealed that Bianca might have some regrets.
Speaking to us at the weekend, Inbaal said that the Australian beauty was "all in her feels about the photos", adding: "she wonders whether it was a good idea to agree to them in the first place".
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.