Kanye West got tempers flaring when he dropped the bombshell about stepping into the naughty side of the entertainment industry last month.
But now he's hitting the headlines once again for backtracking, just as he was about to launch his new enterprise. The 'Vultures' hitmaker had fans and critics alike in a frenzy after hinting at a raunchy new business under his YEEZY brand.
Reports suggested that Ye had long been mulling over the saucy sideline, and was all set to kick off the scheme. The outspoken music mogul, aged 46, took to Instagram in late April to spill the beans on his risque business, pairing the reveal with a caption that left little to the imagination.
READ MORE: Mr Universe legend, 77, is so ripped he doesn't need a 'weapon' because 'I am one'
There's lots of quality news coming out of the US.
But the Mirror reports that since dropping the X-rated news, it looks like Kanye's had a change of heart or maybe even cold feet.
His Insta's been scrubbed clean of any trace of the adult-themed antics. And reports say that both Kanye's explicit account and YouTube channel have gone through a digital detox, stripping them of any nods to his steamy project.
In a plot twist, Kanye's mouthpiece, Milo Yiannopoulos doubling as YEEZY's head honcho has publicly dissed the porn project, which now appears to be on ice.
Reports cite Milo slamming the idea as a threat to Kanye's "spiritual and physical health".
Milo didn't mince words, saying: "I cannot be complicit in the production or dissemination of pornographic films and literature, for moral and religious reasons.
"But also because such material and the kind of people invariably involved in its production represent an imminent danger to my life as a recovering addict and an unacceptable risk to my spiritual and physical health as a former homosexual."
Following this, Ryan McCormick, a PR guru from Goldman McCormick PR spoke with The Mirror about Ye's project branding it as "a very bad idea".
Ryan declared: "From a PR perspective, I think this is a very bad idea for Kanye and his brand. The backlash has already started among some long-time fans who are urging him to abandon this idea."
He added: "Kanye could see them and other customers immediately sever their relationship because they aren't fond of pornography. Getting into skin films will make it increasingly difficult for Kanye to appeal to the widest audience possible."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
To stay up to date with all the latest news, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.