The rapper formerly known as Kanye West allegedly struck the man after he reportedly "sexually assaulted" Ye's partner, Bianca Censori. 
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Ye, the rapper formerly known as Kanye West, has been named as a suspect in a Los Angeles battery report after he allegedly punched a man in the face, according to TMZ.

 The controversial artist, 46, allegedly struck the unnamed individual after the man allegedly "pushed or grabbed" Ye's partner, Bianca Censori, while they were visiting the Chateau Marmont early Tuesday morning, law enforcement sources reportedly told the outlet. The couple were said to have left after the alleged altercation.

 However, a representative for Ye told Entertainment Weekly, "Bianca was sexually assaulted by an intoxicated man at the hotel."

Swan Gallet/WWD via Getty 
 "The assailant didn't merely collide into her," Ye's representative said in a statement issued to other outlets, according to PEOPLE. "He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted."

 A representative for Censori did not immediately respond to EW's request for comment.

 A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department confirmed to EW that officers responded to a battery investigation at the hotel at around 12:30 a.m. on April 17, but said that the suspect was gone by the time they'd arrived. Police then completed a battery report, but would not confirm whether Ye was named in it.

 Ye was previously named as a suspect in a Los Angeles battery report in January 2022. He later admitted on an episode of Hollywood Unlocked that he had gotten "into an altercation" with a man who was "taking autographs to make money on them." That August, the Los Angeles City Attorney's Office told PEOPLE it would not seek charges against the rapper over the alleged attack because there was "no reasonable likelihood of conviction."

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)