Kanye West 's wife Bianca Censori certainly isn't shy about showing off her curves - and her latest outfit did just that.
The former Yeezy architect, who has become famed for her outrageous outfits, donned yet another NSFW get-up for her latest date night with husband, Ye.
Australian model Bianca accompanied her beau to a fancy Los Angeles eatery in a jaw-dropping frock that was completely see-through.
Bianca's off-the-shoulder number clung to her bodacious body and thanks to its sheer fabric, revealed that she had gone completely underwear-free for the occasion.
Finishing off her look, Bianca opted for magenta-coloured tights, which she paired with slip-on heels in the same hue.
READ MORE: How Bianca Censori first made an impression on Kanye West revealed by her first boss
Letting her dress do the talking, Bianca opted for a stripped-back hair and makeup look, pulling her brunette locks back into a sleek chignon and opting for a palette of neutrals on her pretty features.
True to form, Kanye, 46, meanwhile opted for a completely covered-up look, donning an oversized black hoodie with the hood pulled up, cargo trousers, black boots and shades.
Bianca's latest racy look comes after an expert suggested she may need an "intervention". Body language expert Judi James told us: "Kanye and Bianca have now pushed the ensemble envelope so far that there is only really one thing that is shocking about these poses and that is Bianca’s shoes. Walking in wedges that high needs an intervention from Health and Safety and yet Kanye is not performing the one vital core function of the A-list male out walking out as a couple with his wife, which is to lead her with clasped hands or linked arms to ensure they don’t tumble out of their killer heels.
"Instead Bianca walks ahead here to prove these looks receive her total collusion, even hanging back to drain the last flashes of the cameras as she clutches her bag over her pelvis to protect some aspect of her modesty. Her bra is surprisingly non-shocking. It’s a retro step back to the days of the Wonderbra and a lot less revealing that her sheer body suits have been, while showing your bum has now been done to death by celebrity wannabes.
While relationship expert Louella Anderson told us what that intervention could entail. She explained: "An intervention for Bianca Censori would likely involve both her parents and friends, all of whom have previously expressed concern about her behaviour and the dynamics of her relationship with Kanye. The purpose of the intervention would be to address these concerns and help Bianca recognise her unhealthy behaviour."
Louella also shared that the intervention shouldn't be a "confrontation", instead it should be "a loving, supportive approach to helping someone in need".
Louella continued: "The first step in an intervention for Bianca would be for her loved ones to come together and plan out the details of the meeting.
"This may involve discussing their concerns with each other and agreeing on specific examples of why they are concerned about Bianca's behaviour. Then, they would likely choose a time and place to sit down with Bianca and have the intervention.
"During the intervention, people within the group would express their feelings and concerns to Bianca, ideally in a calm and non-judgmental manner. They would likely then share specific examples of why her actions are worrying them."
Despite reports that Bianca's family are disapproving of both her marriage and her outfit choices, her sister recently spoke out in support of her sibling's decision-making.
Chatting with the Herald Sun, Angie said: "We all support him [Kanye]. We support his new album. We support his new clothes he's dropping." She continued: "It's all just bulls**t. There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true."
The Daily Mail previously reported that her father Leo Censori is "hurting" that Kanye has turned his "beloved daughter into a "trashy-looking marketable commodity."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.