Kanye West has made headlines once again for wearing a very unusual face covering.
The rapper attended the 2024 Superbowl game with his face entirely covered with a black hood and a black superhero-esque eye mask, which was adorned with a white statue of Jesus crucified on the cross.
Kanye took to his Instagram page to post a video of himself wearing the controversial covering, which he paired with a black leather jacket as he held the camera out in front of his head. He was also spotted at the venue sporting the all-black ensemble, alongside his wife Bianca Censori.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Madonna crawls on floor in teeny dress as she flashes booty in racy snap
The star wore a black latex rubber hood with a large cut out section that showed off her face. Censori mirrored Kanye’s fashion choice with a black anorak-style jacket, which she wore with the collar pulled up.
West and Censori watched the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers go head to head at the sporting event as fans spotted the A-listers from afar. Kanye added a caption on his Instagram post which read “Alexander McQueen Jesus Mask”.
Fans flocked to the comment section to share their thoughts on the opinion-dividing face mask as many were confused over Mr West’s message. One person said: “You are Christian or not? This is ridiculous, respect Jesus Christ,” as another critic slammed: “Not sure whether this is promoting or dissing Jesus?”
Someone else added: “Jesus isn’t on the cross anymore, time to repent and stop showing your girl around like property,” as another comment read: “This talentless clown will do anything for attention.”
Other fans begged for the “old Kanye” to make a return as they slammed Kanye for his mask which “isn’t it”. Another person reached out to the rapper and exclaimed: “Gotta stop this mysterious sh** man, we love the normal you.”
More people slammed the bizarre mask and compared it to a “6th grade arts and crafts project,” while one person defended the chart-topping musician: “So many people in these comments are projecting their self-hatred and miserable lifestyles [laughing emojis].”
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.