By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:09, 3 February 2024   |  Updated:  19:26, 3 February 2024   
 57
View  comments
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have figured out how to put aside their differences for the sake of their family.
Following a few 'rocky' years of co-parenting, a source told Us Weekly that the pair, who recently reunited for dinner at Nobu, have 'really overcome those challenges' and are, now, 'able to communicate in a mature manner.'
'Kim and Kanye may not always see eye to eye, but they have managed an amicable relationship based solely on their kids,' an insider added.
They continued: 'Kim knows that North has a happy relationship with Bianca [Censori] and that’s all that matters to her. What happens in their personal life is none of her business, just like she knows that Kanye doesn’t pry into her personal life either.'
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have figured out how to put aside their differences for the sake of their family
Ultimately, the former couple feel they know 'what is healthiest when it comes to their children’s lives' and 'share a lot of history together and will always be family.' 
This means that they will continue to 'attend the same events for their kids or get together.' 
The reality star, 43, and 46-year-old rapper share four children: daughters North, 10, and Chicago, 6, and sons Saint, 8, and Psalm, 4.
Kardashian and West finalized their divorce in November 2022 after a bitter two-year battle. 
Since their split, the 24-time Grammy winner publicly hit out at the Kardashian family multiple times after their split. 
In 2022, he accused the family of 'basically kidnapping' his daughter Chicago on his Instagram while Kim's sister Khloe begged him to 'stop tearing Kimberly down and using our family when you want to deflect. 
She insisted that he 'Leave her and the family out of it so that the kids can be raised peacefully.'
While appearing on the On Purpose With Jay Shetty podcast last year, Kardashian revealed that she is still a 'hopeless romantic.' 
Following a few 'rocky' years of co-parenting, a source told Us Weekly that the pair have 'really overcome those challenges' and are, now, 'able to communicate in a mature manner' (seen last month)
The SKIMS founder — who's been married three times — said of dating again: 'I definitely will take my time, and I think there's so many factors especially when you have kids and being mindful of people that enter in your life.' 
'If I can look at everything that I did wrong and try to not make the same mistakes and really take my time, I think it just has to be different for me,' she went on.
Kim, whose last romance was with comedian Pete Davidson, added that she's not giving up on love, 'I think I'll always be a hopeless romantic and always want to be in love and definitely love sharing my life with someone and love creating a life with someone.'
'It's obviously such a hard place to be in because how do you go about it?' she continued.
'Kim and Kanye may not always see eye to eye, but they have managed an amicable relationship based solely on their kids,' an insider added; pictured in 2019
'There's so many factors, but I'll always believe in love and I’ll always want that and I think that’s such a magical part of life. But I think I’m so comfortable taking my time to not rush it.'
'There's so much going on that I'm not lonely, and I think that that is really important,' the Kardashians star added.
'I believe, like, I always believe. And I think that whatever's meant to be will be.'
As for what she thinks can make a relationship long-lasting Kim revealed: 'I think just having that mutual respect, treating people with respect is just a given.'
'Every relationship can be different. If you have just a mutual respect around the, across the board, that's I think the number one thing,' she stressed.
As much as she believes in love, Kim added that she doesn't 'need people to make me happy' and is 'not really ever searching for something.'
'I'm really content. My babies make me happy, my family, my life. You know, experiences make me happy.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group