It's alleged disgraced rap mogul Diddy co-hosted the session, although there are no allegations of wrongdoing against him
Kanye West‘s ex-assistant has alleged he sexually assaulted her in a newly expanded lawsuit.
In June, Lauren Pisciotta sued him for sexual harassment and wrongful termination, with court documents obtained by Page Six claiming he created a hostile work environment by sending multiple inappropriate text messages during her employment. She also accused West of locking her in a room with him and masturbating next to her, amongst other instances of alleged sexual harassment.
At the time, West responded to the claims in a statement made to Rolling Stone via his legal representative, calling Pisciotta’s accusations “baseless”, and announcing he planned to countersue.
“She was terminated for being unqualified, demanding unreasonable sums of money (including a $4 million annual salary) and numerous documented incidents of her lascivious, unhinged conduct,” the statement read, further claiming that Pisciotta offered West sex on his birthday and sent him “unsolicited nude images.”
Now, his former personal assistant has amended her lawsuit to add several new claims, including that she was allegedly drugged and sexually assaulted by West at a studio session in California.
In the updated lawsuit (obtained by Rolling Stone), Pisciotta said she and an unnamed former artist manager client were invited to the studio session at an unspecified date. Disgraced rap mogul Diddy is said to have co-hosted the session, although he isn’t named as a party in the suit and there are no allegations of wrongdoing against him.
It’s claimed that drinks were served throughout, with “an announcement that everybody had to drink if they wanted to stay,” the suit said.
“Unbeknownst to Plaintiff, the drink she was served was laced with an unidentified drug,” it continued. “After a few small sips of the beverage poured at the direction of Kanye West a.k.a. Ye by a studio assistant and then served to her by Kanye West a.k.a. Ye, Plaintiff suddenly started to feel disoriented.
“As Plaintiff began to slip into an altered and heavily impaired state, she felt less in control of her body and speech and that is where Plaintiffs memories of that night escape her,” the suit continued.
It was said that the next day, Pisciotta woke up “physically ill and confused”, and felt “immense shame and embarrassment for not being able to recall a single detail of her night after those initial sips of her drink” that were served to her by West, the suit alleges.
It was only years later that Pisciotta said she found out that she had been allegedly sexually assaulted, after West revealed they did “hook up” at the studio session.
She then told West that she had “no memory or recollection of that night” and “only remembered the very beginning of the night when they sat down on a couch in a room full of people, and took sips of the one drink he handed her,” the suit claims, going on to state that West laughed and said: “Women love to say they don’t remember.”
A rep for West did not immediately return a request for comment, per Rolling Stone.
News of the amended suit emerged only days after West was sued by a former employee, who claimed that the rapper hired him to spy on the Kardashians, follow his wife Bianca Censori and more.
According to a complaint filed in Los Angeles on Thursday (October 10) which was obtained by Page Six, an anonymous Michigan-based man identified as John Doe claimed that the ‘Flashing Lights’ rapper hired him around December 2022 as a deputy campaign director.
Doe went on to claim that his role transitioned into director of intelligence, a role in which he allegedly was required to conduct “various investigations” on the likes of attorneys, those who have sued the rapper as well as his family and loved ones such as his ex-wife and current wife.
NME has reached out to West for a comment or a response.
The complaint also alleged that West had asked Doe, who was also referred to as the “fixer”, to “keep him in the news” both internationally and nationally. Doe was allegedly fired after learning about the alleged abuse occurring at West’s Donda Academy and informing others within the Yeezy leadership about the allegations which he claimed he was harassed for doing so.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.