Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori are continuing to make headlines with their daring and X-rated looks, and now the model's dad wants to sit down with the rapper and have a word about how his daughter is dressing.
The controversial rapper, 46, married the 29-year-old model and YEEZY architect in December 2022. The couple's wedding came mere weeks after Ye's divorce from his ex-wife Kim Kardashian was finalised.
Since getting hitched, the couple have continued to turn heads with their racy public appearances. Bianca can often be seen wearing sheer garments that display her curves, with her often opting not to conceal her modesty.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori and Kanye West's baby plans 'revealed' as couple set to welcome baby soon
And now Bianca's father Leo Censori wants to sit down with his daughter's husband and have a word about how the young model has been dressing lately. According to reports, Leo has requested that his daughter's husband Kanye should fly out to Austraila to meet with him and have a conversation about the way in which Bianca has been stepping out.
The MailOnline reports: "Kanye has been invited to go to Australia and Bianca is hesitant to allow this to happen because she knows how her father will react."
They added that Bianca's father "plans to have a sit down with Kanye", with the source noting that "Leo will not be intimidated by Kanye's power or control". They went on: "No one is expecting this to be all rainbows and family portraits."
This comes after Bianca was spotted out and about with her mother Alexandra in the States, after the glamorous mother-in-law of the rapper flew from Australia to America to see her daughter. Reports claim that Alexandra's trip had the intention behind it of "saving" Bianca, with her "failing" to get through to her and instead seen out and about while Bianca donned racy attire.
The insider continued to the outlet that Bianca’s father "was not necessarily pleased with his wife's visit to see their daughter because he feels like she enabled Bianca to continue doing what she is doing".
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.