Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Kim Kardashian was spotted with a painful-looking injury when attending her son Saint's basketball game as the reality TV star had a large bandage wrapped around two fingers on her left hand.
Despite having two broken fingers, Kim still showed up to support her eight year old son. She was dressed head-to-toe in black, including a leather bomber jacket, sweatshirt and heeled boots.
 The mum-of-four is often seen at her children's games, even attending with ex-husband Kanye West as they co-parent their four kids; North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm. 
However, rumours say there seemed to be tension between the former couple as they didn't appear to chat at the game, as reported by The Mirror.
Kim's outing comes amid rumours of a 'secret' romance with Baltimore Ravens football player Odell Beckham Jr. 
The reality TV icon, 43, and the football heartthrob, 31, have reportedly been quietly dating for the past five months according to UsWeekly, keeping their budding love story away from the prying eyes of the media
The duo is reportedly treading carefully to avoid the intense scrutiny that has often accompanied Kim’s past relationships.
According to a source close to the couple speaking to UsWeekly, Odell, known for his reserved nature, prefers to keep a low profile compared to Kim's more public persona. He's keen on steering clear of the spotlight, especially considering Kim's previous high-profile relationships.
Now the SKIMS founder and the Baltimore Ravens player are “trying to figure out the next steps” in their relationship.
Recent rumours of their romance were fuelled by speculation that Kim and Odell attended the same pre-Grammy party last week, hosted by Jay-Z at an exclusive Bird Streets club.
While neither party has officially confirmed their relationship, insiders suggest that Kim is quite fond of Odell, though she's opting to keep the details of their romance private for now.
“Kim wants to keep her romantic life as private as she can right now,” an insider told DailyMail.com.
The source continued: “She wants to protect her private life a bit more than she has done in the past.”
Their rumoured romance reportedly began in September 2023, shortly after Odell's split from his longtime girlfriend Lauren Wood, with whom he shares a son named Zydn.