Trendy youngsters are binning Del Boy style bling - labelling it “embarrassing”.
The comedy character, played by Sir David Jason in Only Fools and Horses, was famed for sporting gaudy jewellery including gold sovereign rings and chains sporting the letter “D” for Del. Millions watched the BBC show throughout the 80’s, 90’s and noughties, with many of the fashions on display filtering through to real life Brits’ fashion choices.
But now we can reveal young folk - known as Zoomers or Generation Z members born between the late 90’s and the early 2010’s - are turning their backs on what they see as tacky bling. According to research by Welsh jewellery firm Clogau a whopping 70% of youngsters admit they have binned out of date accessories worth up to £3,000 in their lifetime.
READ MORE: Top 20 worst UK places to live revealed as AI claims one is 'unattractively busy'
Click for more of the latest news from across the world from the Daily Star
While the data also found almost nine in ten (89%) youngsters find chunky oversized accessories ‘embarrassing’. And it is not just Del Boy’s tomfoolery - cockney rhyming slang for jewellery - that is being given the boot.
While 36% said they have ditched Del Boy-style accessories, a further 14% say they have thrown Mr T from the A-Team style weighty gold chains in the bin.
Other fashion faux pas’s include copying rapper Kanye West’s platinum teeth (14%), Pete from Gavin and Stacey’s “Puff Daddy-style” wedding ring (13%) and DJ Goldie’s teeth (12%).
Instead 70% of Brits say they prefer a classy, thoughtful jewellery gift over an expensive, or designer one.
Clogau Managing Director Ben Roberts said: “Keeping on top of jewellery trends can be a challenge, no matter who you are, and the last thing you want is to be in a position where you’re binning out of date accessories.”
In April we revealed Del Boy is the most copied sitcom character ever. The infamous wheeler dealer narrowly beat One Foot In The Grave’s Victor Meldrew in a search for the UK’s most-imitated TV comedy hero.
While in March we told how Fools fans were being asked to fork out £450 to meet legend Sir David. Demand for the comedy star’s latest convention was so high organisers were having to run a ballot for tickets.
For the latest breaking news and stories from across the globe from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletters.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.