COLLEGE STATION, Texas (KBTX) - Texas A&M had three players not suited out for Saturday’s season-opening matchup with seventh-ranked Notre Dame.
The 20th-ranked Aggies went through workouts without running back Reuben Owens, defensive end Enai White and wide receiver Jabre Barber. 
An A&M spokesperson confirmed the three were not going to be suited out for Saturday’s game.
A&M head coach Mike Elko announced Owens would “most likely” miss the entire season after suffering a leg injury during a fall camp scrimmage. He patrolled the Aggie sidelines during warmup with his leg in a walking boot, propped up on a scooter. 
Not suited out for the Aggies: RB Rueben Owens (injured during fall camp), DE Enai White and WR Jabre Barber. pic.twitter.com/buwHYf4nNd
White and Barber were not mentioned as possibilities to miss Saturday’s game when Elko spoke to media on Monday. 
White, a junior, saw action in five games last season, but suffered a season-ending injury before the Aggie’s bout at South Carolina. 
Barber transferred in to A&M from Troy over the offseason, where he started 32 games in four seasons. He tallied 1,674 yards and 10 touchdowns on 132 catches in his career with the Trojans. 
Neither White nor Barber were listed in A&M’s two-deep prior to Saturday’s game. 
Power is back
Texas A&M took the field to the Ye song “Power” again for the first time since the 2022 season, which had been the staple of the Aggie’s entrance for over a decade. 
A&M moved away from the instrumental version of the song after public anti-Semitic from Ye, who was formally known professionally as Kanye West. 
Over the offseason, there was a large outcry from portions of the A&M fanbase to bring the song back, while others on social media wanted the program to continue to distance themselves from Ye. 
The Mike Elko era is here. No. 7 Notre Dame vs No. 20 Texas A&M. p.s. power is back pic.twitter.com/xo40URQrXI
Power: It’s back pic.twitter.com/S0ycCKwE4Z
Terry Bussey with offense
A&M freshman athlete Terry Bussey was working out with the wide receivers Saturday before the game. 
While initially Bussey was slated to be a defensive back for the Aggies, he moved over to the offensive side of the ball in fall camp, shortly after Owens’ injury. 
Copyright 2024 KBTX. All rights reserved.