Ye further fans the flames on the rap wars of 2024 with his thoughts on J. Cole.
While sitting down with Justin LaBoy for his new podcast The Download, Ye says he isn’t a fan of Cole apologizing for “7 Minute Drill,” the Dreamville head's since-deleted response to Kendrick Lamar’s scathing verse on Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That.”
“Fuck all that pussy shit,” Ye told LaBoy. “Because it's like, that n***a, J. Cole went on tour [with] Drake. He know what it is. It's like, n***a, you can't run now, it’s you also.”
When LaBoy asked West if apologies are “allowed” in rap beef, Ye merely said, “I don’t know, man. I don't listen to J. Cole so I wouldn't even know. I just heard he had a song called ‘False Idols’ and somebody told me it's halfway about me.”
The song Ye is referring to is 2016's “False Prophets” where Cole expresses feelings of betrayal toward a Life of Pablo-era Kanye West:
Long before the two had their falling out, Ye put Cole on “Looking for Trouble” as part of a G.O.O.D. Fridays drop in 2010. The track was also included on Cole’s Friday Night Lights mixtape as a bonus track, just one year before he dropped his debut album, Cole World: The Sideline Story.
Elsewhere in the interview, which has trickled out in snippets, Ye played his remix of “Like That” where he takes shots at both Drake and Cole.
“Everybody was very, very excited about the elimination of Drake—not excited, we was energized," Ye recalled of the atmosphere around creating the remix of the Hot 100 No. 1 hit.
The 46-year-old also told LaBoy that he would love to have a threesome with former First Lady Michelle Obama.
"Gotta fuck the president's wife!” said Ye before bursting with laughter.
Fans were able to gain access to the complete interview when it premiered on Monday on yeezy.com at 7 p.m. ET with the purchase of anything on the site.
music | BY Joe Price
Ye Jokingly Says He Would Love to Have a Threesome With Michelle Obama: 'President's Wife!'
music | BY Mark Elibert
Ye Premieres "Like That" Remix Dissing Drake and J. Cole: ‘Dot I Got You’
music | BY Joe Price
Donald Glover Previews Ye and Kid Cudi Collabs Following Final Albums Announcement
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.