Manage your account
Stars across the music spectrum have hit the stage this week at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago. Wednesday was no different.
Famed singer John Legend, Motown icon Stevie Wonder and pop-country hit maker Maren Morris performed on the third night of the DNC.
Wednesday night's theme was "Fight for our Freedoms," and speakers included former president Bill Clinton, former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, Kamala Harris's pick for vice president.
Here's what to know about Wednesday night's musicians:
It was the final performance of the Democratic National Convention before the introduction of Walz — and Legend understood the assignment.
In a lively tribute to Prince, one of the world's greatest musicians and most famous Minnesotans, Legend played keys and sang "Let's Go Crazy" with Sheila E. on the drums.
Legend basked briefly in the opening applause before snapping into character, slamming onto the keys and, in his smooth, classic baritone sang, "Are we gonna let the elevator break us down?"
"Oh no! Let's go!" shouted Sheila E., standing at the drums.
Six dancers swung their heads and arms to the music while laying down backup vocals. A guitarist shined in the spotlight for her guitar solo. Everyone wore sequins. The number ended with the guitarist kneeling on the ground, head turned to the sky, shredding her instrument as a whirl of dancers ran behind her.
Legend has been an outspoken activist for Democratic causes in the past. And he has used his music and microphone to amplify his messaging.
His Academy Award-winning song "Glory" was featured in the film "Selma," about the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.-led march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, leading to the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
In 2020, Legend closed the DNC with his song "Never Break," and he performed at an election-eve rally for Harris in November 2020.
"Kamala Harris and Tim Walz care about people like you," Legend said in a Wednesday morning interview with "CBS Mornings." "They care about ordinary Americans and they want to make life better for ordinary Americans."
Legend is one of a select few EGOT-winners. The prestigious title indicates he has one every major award in the entertainment industry — an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and Tony. He was the first Black man to achieve the feat.
Legend, 45, is an Ohio native. Born in 1978 as John Roger Stephens, he started playing piano when he was 4, and he never turned back. He grew up performing in his church choir, where his mother was director, and his grandmother was organist.
Legend skipped two grades, started high school at 12 and graduated as salutatorian, according to an interview on the Oprah Winfrey Network. Before producing his own music, he attended the University of Pennsylvania and worked at a consulting firm.
After independently releasing two albums, he was introduced to Kanye West, for whom he laid down background vocals. His career got a boost from West, a Variety article said.
Legend's debut album, "Get Lifted," was released through the West-founded GOOD Music, which also recorded music from Common, Legend's now-collaborator who performed at the DNC Tuesday.
The debut record won the 2006 Grammy for Best R&B Album and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. Legend also won Best New Artist that year.
He has received nine awards and 33 nominations since then.
Legend lives in California with his wife, Chrissy Teigen, and their four children.
"Now is the time to understand where we are and what it'll take to win," said Stevie Wonder as he took the stage. "Win the brokenhearted, win the disenchanted, win the angry spirits. Now is the time."
Wonder spoke with passion and seamlessly transitioned into song with the line "Are you ready?"
Music washed over the United Center, dragging on a guitar, a bass and six dancers who pranced across the stage.
The crowd exploded with energy, and Wonder made his way to the keyboard, where he broke into his song "Higher Ground" off his 1973 album "Innervisions."
His hair hung in braids that stretched from his black leather cap and signature dark glasses to below the keyboard. He wore a purple-and-black-patterned jacket with leather shoulders and sleeves as he belted, "Lovers keep on lovin', believers keep on believin'."
The singer-songwriter, who has captivated audiences since his youth in the 1960s, has a history campaigning for progressive causes.
In 1983, he spearheaded a campaign to make Martin Luther King Day a national holiday and he advocated for an end to South African apartheid.
His activism for the disabled community was recognized by the U.S. President's Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities, Junior Blind of America and more, according to Wonder's biography on the United Nations website.
At 11, Wonder signed to Berry Gordy's Mowtown Tamla label and quickly rose to success with his first Billboard Hot 100 hit, "Fingertips," his bio on Grammy.com said.
NPR reported that Gordy was infamously "calling the shots of (Wonder's) creative life," and it was when Wonder stepped away from Gordy that he produced "a geyser of superb recordings," which NPR said, "defined what an 'artist's classic run' could mean."
The run produced classic hits like "Isn't She Lovely" and "Sir Duke."
No, it wasn't Selena Gomez on the DNC stage Wednesday night. It was pop-country artist Maren Morris, performing her song "Better Than We Found It."
Morris wrote the song she performed at the DNC in 2020 in the shadow of George Floyd's murder and the protests that erupted in response. Morris called it a "protest song" in a 2020 interview with Variety.
Morris sang, "America, America, divided we fall," accompanied onstage by a sole acoustic guitar.
Her outfit carried weight, too. She sang draped in a stark white, tailored skirt suit encrusted with glimmering gems. She paired it with white pumps.
The pure white pant- or skirt-suit emerged as a symbol for female empowerment in politics in 2017, when Nancy Pelosi, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and other prominent Democratic women wore white to silently protest Donald Trump's policies in a joint session of Congress.
Morris is a Grammy award-winning pop-country artist whom the New York Times described as "a tattooed, spray-tanned, nose-ringed liberal firecracker," in a 2022 profile. Her vocals carried the 2018 EDM hit "The Middle" by Zedd, a multiplatinum smash hit.
While she's known for some of her pop hits, Morris began as a country artist, recognized five times by the Academy of Country Music and Country Music Association Awards.
In an interview with the L.A. Times, Morris revealed that she was leaving the country music industry for its "unwillingness to honestly reckon with its history of racism and misogyny and to open its gates to more women and queer people and people of color."
Born in Dallas, Texas, Morris started writing music and playing guitar as a pre-teen. She moved to Nashville in her twenties to write songs for established country singers. She eventually signed to a major label record deal.
In 2023, she distanced herself from her country roots with two-track EP "The Bridge." The second track, "Get the Hell Out of Here," speaks for itself.
The L.A. Times called Morris' EP "one of several metaphors she deploys in imagining a path out of the world of country music in which she became a star."
This article originally appeared on Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Who performed at DNC Wednesday night? John Legend, Stevie Wonder