Photo: Getty Images
Lil Durk is embracing his recent stint in rehab, and wants to assist others who are currently suffering from substance abuse. In a video TMZ published on Wednesday, June 5, the Chicago rapper opens up about how he flushed all the codeine and xanax out of his system during an impromptu interview in Malibu. Durk didn't reveal when or where he got cleaned up but he did explain that rehab helped him become a better leader and father to his children. "I want to embrace it because it helped me a lot," Durk said into the camera. "I want people to not run from it or be shy from it." 
"My main goal is peace and being with the family and staying out of bulls**t," he continued. "I see myself staying on track and changing a lot of lives." Lil Durk says he was moving way too fast before he decided to focus on his health. Following the success of his smash hit "All My Life" with J. Cole, Durk accepted every gig possible and performed his Almost Healed album wherever he could like Coachella and Summer Smash in Illinois. Unfortunately, the stress of all his performances landed him in the hospital last July.  "After performing and traveling daily I’ve become severely dehydrated and advised by my doctors not to travel due to exhaustion," Durk said in a statement. "Once I get my full energy back, it’s back to business which I’m looking forward to. #StillHealing."Since then, Lil Durk has appeared on songs like Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign's "Vultures" and went on tour with Drake and Lil Wayne earlier this year. Once the tour wrapped up in April, Durk took some time off. Following his recent stint in rehab, Durk is feeling more refreshed than ever. His experience inspired him to cook up some new music and work towards opening a clinic for addicts who want to get clean. "This for the youth or older people who want to do better and feel like they're embarrassed or feel like people are going to talk about them. If I do they gonna want to do it," Durk explained. "What I want to do is I want to do a lot of, in Chicago, I want to enhance or build [a rehab center]. I know what it did for me and I know it could help a lot of people. So I'm going to get the foundation down and just do it." Look like Lil Durk is still healing and wants to help others heal too.