North West and her step-mum Bianca Censori enjoyed some quality time together in Japan last night.
Kanye West's wife and his daughter North, who he shares with ex-wife Kim Kardashian, were seen having a great time at the Mipig cafe in Harajuku, Tokyo. Snaps showed the 29-year-old architect and the 11-year-old TikTok star laughing and playing with micro-pigs.
Witnesses said they looked "close," with North resting her arm on Bianca's. Both seemed to be fully present in the moment, with North embracing Japanese culture.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez visits Ben Affleck's office after solo Europe holiday amid break-up rumours
The young rapper wore a pink floral kimono, paired with white Nike socks and slides, and styled her hair in black braids. Meanwhile, Bianca stuck to her usual avant-garde style, wearing a white and beige leotard that contrasted with her short dark hair.
Other visitors to the Mipig cafe shared their observations of North and Bianca's visit with The U. S. Sun. "They were holding the pigs and hanging out and laughing," one bystander told the news outlet. An insider reportedly told the news outlet that "[North and Bianca] seemed like they were close" and their interaction was "so cute.' The U.S. Sun's source also divulged that it was North's notoriety that actually sparked the attention that she and Bianca got."
The source also revealed to The U. S. Sun that it was North's fame that drew attention to her and Bianca. "[Bianca and North] walked in. Kanye's [wife] was wearing some kind of high-fashion thing," the insider remembered. "[Bianca] was out of place. I didn't know who she was."
While the source wasn't familiar with Bianca, they certainly recognised North. "I watched the Kardashians. I was like 'holy s--- that's North,'" they confessed. Bianca and North spent a considerable amount of time at the cafe, almost an hour, surrounded by other guests. Bianca and Kanye have been spotted in France and Japan throughout this month. In early June, the married couple was seen arriving at Tokyo's Narita International Airport.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.