Manage your account
Controversial rapper Kanye West has seemingly admitted to being involved in an inappropriate act with his wife, Bianca Censori, while boarding a water taxi during their trip to Venice, Italy.
In August 2023, the couple was faced with backlash after West was photographed and videoed with his pants down while on a boat. Censori was also caught with her head nestled in his lap.
West and Censori never spoke of the shocking incident despite being banned for life from the water taxi and being investigated by police in Italy. However, the rapper appears to reference the lewd act in a song from his album, "Vultures."
In the song "F--- Sumn" from his new album "Vultures," West could be heard rapping about getting oral s-- from his wife, Censori in "public."
West rapped, "Shawty wanna f--- on somethin’? / F--- on me / Suck on me, publicly."
This throwaway lyric comes as a shock, as West and Censori were indeed caught in a lewd act in public while in Venice, Italy, in August last year.
At the time, videos and photos of the couple aboard a water taxi went viral, depicting West with his pants down and his bum exposed for all to see. Censori, on the other hand, had her head casually nestled in her husband's lap.
Tourists and locals, especially those on neighboring water taxis, could be seen staring at the couple, who seemed unaware of their busy and crowded surroundings.
After a certain period of time had passed, the couple quickly disbanded from their intimate moment and rushed into the more private area of the boat that had a roof. While on the water taxi, West and Censori were also accompanied by a mysterious woman who was reportedly their guide on their Italy trip.
Shortly after videos and photos of the shocking incident went viral on social media, Venezia Turismo Motoscafi, the company that owns the water taxi that West and his wife boarded, condemned the couple's actions in a statement.
As reported by Daily Mail Australia, the company emphasized that West and Censori were "no longer welcome" to use their water taxis, and noted that they were "completely unaware" of the incident until it hit the internet.
They also revealed that the driver of the water taxi had no idea what West and Censori were up to as he was busy monitoring the traffic ahead of them.
The company's statement read, “On board, the driver had to keep a lookout for traffic and did not see these obscenities. If this had happened, he would have immediately disembarked and reported the transgressors to those in authority."
It continued, "In addition, there was a third person on board the taxi, who accompanied Mr. and Mrs. West, who obstructed the captain’s view to the stern in any case."
"We completely dissociate ourselves from such acts and behavior,” the company noted in their statement, adding, “Mr. West and his wife will certainly no longer be welcome on board our company’s boats.”
Shortly after being banned from the water taxi service in Venice, it was revealed that the couple was under investigation after multiple people called to report West and Censori's alleged lewd act.
According to the Daily Mail, a police source said of the incident, "There are standards of public decorum that have to be followed by tourists and locals alike, and any breaches are severely punished. The images of West with his trousers down while in a taxi as he and his partner crossed the lagoon were seen all over the globe."
They added, "You could clearly see his trousers were half down and we have received complaints from people who witnessed it. Now we have identified the driver of the boat and we will be asking him what he saw as well."
The source further claimed that the photos and videos of the couple posted online were hard proof that they were involved in “a state of intimacy."
“The images show the couple clearly in a state of intimacy and if the local prosecutor decides to press charges, then we will notify the couple, most probably through the relevant Embassies,” the source said.
From the look of things, the couple went scot-free, as there were no reports of charges being brought against them in Italy.
West, on February 9, finally dropped his highly anticipated album, "Vultures," volume 1. The album has already been faced with severe backlash due to seemingly anti-Semitic lyrics and West sampling other artists' songs without permission.
Rock legend Ozzy Osbourne took to social media to call out the rapper for using the live version of his band's song, "War Pig," on one of his songs, after denying his request. He accused West of being an "anti-Semite" and stated that he did not want to be associated with the rapper.
Ozzy's wife, Sharon Osbourne, then later called out West for using the song without permission and stated that he has "f----- with the wrong Jew."
West has also been criticized by the estate of late singer Donna Summer for using a version of her hit song, "I Feel Love," in his album. The estate noted that although West asked for permission, he was denied.
They accused the rapper of "copyright infringement," claiming that while he may have changed the words and used AI, the song is still "I Feel Love."
West has yet to respond.