Bianca Censori left her bum exposed in one of her most revealing outfits yet while stepping out with her husband Kanye West.
The Yeezy architect, 29, headed out in Los Angeles with her 46-year-old husband in what looked to be a bikini almost identical to the one his ex-wife Kim Kardashian wore in the summer of 2022. Bianca left very little to the imagination in a plunging silver bra and a matching thong, which featured a wraparound skirt about two inches wide.
The effect left Bianca’s bum hanging out of the startling piece, and she was forced to hold her phone in front of her crotch while exiting a shop with Kanye. She slicked her brunette tresses back into her usual cropped style and dusted on silver eyeshadow to offset her matching two-piece.
READ MORE: Emily Ratajkowski fans do double take as she strips naked in intimate bed snap
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Bianca finished off her outfit with a pair of transparent peep-toe slingback heels with silver straps. She seemed unbothered by her relative nakedness as she tucked into an ice cream cone just a day after shocking diners at a local Cheesecake Factory in a pair of sheer tights.
Behind her, Kanye was seen dressed head-to-toe in black, with baggy trousers and a long-sleeved sweatshirt, plus dark shades protecting his eyes. But in an eerie coincidence, fans rushed to point out just how similar Censori looked to Kim when she wore her own holographic bikini.
In 2022, Kim snapped a bathroom selfie wearing a halter-neck silver bra top which featured a similar dropped neckline to Bianca’s. With a matching silver thong hitched high on her hips, Kim swept her blonde locks into a bun at the nape of her neck and added bright silver shades to snap a selfie in the mirror.
Earlier this week, Kanye was spotted cheekily pulling down his wife’s see-through neon green tights outside a restaurant in LA. Bianca donned a skin-coloured tube top which left her flat tummy totally bare, and Kanye’s hands slipped down the waistband of her tights while she giggled, and the rapper pressed kisses to her neck.
Bianca donned the same strappy heels over her bright green legs, while Kanye tugged at her bottoms to make sure they showed enough of his wife’s bum. Despite Kanye’s supposed “rules” for his wife, one body language expert told Daily Star that Bianca is actually the one “running the show”.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Inbaal Honigman said of one dancing video, which showed Bianca in nothing but a scrap of fabric: “Bianca's body language is actually sociable and playful as she arranges her unusual outfit. The signs that her confidence is running the show are many. She's dancing playfully before and after adjusting her clothes, she's bopping and wiggling to the beat. This signifies peace of mind and happiness.
"She also flicks her eyes between Kanye and the camera, lowering and raising her lashes in a flirty way. At the exact moment of adjustment, two body language signs stand out. First, Bianca's pinky fingers jut out - an elegant move, like drinking from a teacup with the pinky out. This shows that she feels refined, as if all eyes are on her, and she likes it.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.