Usher took to the stage for Super Bowl 2024's half time show and put on a stellar performance. While performing hit singles Caught Up, Burn, OMG and Yeah!, the eight-time Grammy winner was joined on the stage with various other big name artists.
The first musician who sung with him was Alicia Keys as they beautifully sang My Boo. American singer-songwriter H.E.R. then wowed viewers with her incredible guitar skills.
The third special guest was Jermaine Dupri, who got the audience hyped up even more. When it came to Usher performing OMG, Will I Am was the next megastar in the line-up.
Bringing his half time show to a close, Usher's number one track Yeah! rung out throughout the stadium in the grand finale. Featuring on the original track, Lil Jon and Ludacris returned to Usher's side.
Plenty of fans watching the NFL Super Bowl LVIII live took to social media to share their thoughts. Many people were impressed by the 'sensory overload' performance Usher put on and were in awe of all the other musicians who joined him on stage.
However, plenty admitted they thought three of Usher's 'special guests' were completely different people. Accidentally mistaking Will I Am for Kanye West, X user TheKomeUp_1004L said: "Why I Thought Will I Am Was Kanye West."
1kise added: "Bro idk why I thought that was Kanye west that was will I am." SantinoRanks confessed: "I thought will I am was Kanye west for ah min #SuperBowl." BlaQueChic83 joked: "#UsherBowl so wait a minute we just go sit up there and let Will I Am impersonate Kanye West yes identity theft."
Elsewhere, Jermaine Dupri was mistaken for Crazy singer CeeLo Green - formerly known as Gnarls Barkley. Yagorlbek asked: "Why did I think that bald man was cee lo green at first glance LOOOL." AndreasHale put: "Bruh, I swore Jermaine Dupri was Cee Lo Green and now I’m weak!" Tdflakes typed: "Jermaine Dupri look like Cee Lo Green."
People also thought Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North West were also on the stage, but in reality, this was the one and only H.E.R. Triller quipped: "Not everyone thinking this was North West Smfh #SuperBowl #HER."
AngwiTacho wrote: "Omg when Her came on the stage I thought she was North West." BigHomieKODAQ claimed: "Nah. HER looks like North West." Jsmineaminee said: "Ngl i thought HER was north west at first #SuperBowl usher."
Usher, whose latest album titled Coming Home was released on Friday, follows in the footsteps of pop star Rihanna who used her 2023 half-time performance to debut her second pregnancy. The performance marks 30 years since Usher released his debut, self-titled album in 1994.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.