by 
	Kristyn Burtt


Tom Brady and Irina Shayk prefer to keep their relationship out of the public eye, and that isn’t going to change anytime soon. Their out-of-sight strategy might have some fans thinking that the couple has called it quits on their romance, but that’s what they want you to believe. 











	Behind the scenes, the retired athlete and the supermodel are reportedly seeing each other “several times a week,” according to an Us Weekly source. The insider noted that their private meet-ups often happen at Brady’s Manhattan apartment, although they have also been spotted grabbing dinner from time to time. A second source insisted that the dynamic duo is “into each other” despite their aversion to letting this situationship play out in public.












	Related story



	
	
		
					Elizabeth Hurley's Son Damian Drops Clues About Billy Ray Cyrus Romance		
	










	The casually comfortable feel of their relationship seems to work well for both of them. “Tom enjoys Irina’s company, but he’s still in a transitional period after his divorce and not looking to settle down [yet],” the second insider continued. The former NFL star’s continued focus is his “kids and career” since this is his first full year outside of football. 



	Brady finalized his divorce from Gisele Bündchen in October 2022, but his dating life didn’t heat up until July 2023 when he was linked to Shayk. She has had her own high-profile romances, including Kanye West and Bradley Cooper, who is the father of her six-year-old daughter Lea. She and the Oscar-nominated actor have been on and off for years and they rekindled their spark last fall after a People source said Brady and Shayk’s fling had “fizzled.” But Hollywood stars are fickle and Cooper moved on to Gigi Hadid. 

	That romantic shift allowed Shayk to turn her attention back to Brady at the end of 2023, even though a third Us Weekly source confirmed there is “no commitment” between them. But now, there’s no threat of Shayk ping-ponging back and forth in a love triangle. With that all settled, Brady and Shayk are totally fine with the low-key quality of their dynamic because they are finally on the same page.
Before you go, click here to see celebrities who share a famous ex. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.