By
			
			Evolve Editors		

Kim Kardashian has finally unveiled her fun-packed Christmas photos with her kids, and they are oh-so-chic. The socialite shares North, Saint, Chicago, and Psalm with her ex-husband, Kanye West. Now, Kardashian has been melting hearts on Instagram after she playfully posed alongside her sweet four children for this year’s festive snaps. 
A post shared by Kim Kardashian (@kimkardashian)
Kim Kardashian dropped this year’s Christmas photos with all her children on Instagram. The sweet family posed in front of a huge white Christmas tree. Kardashian opted for a classic festive look and slipped into a sleek red strapped gown. The floor-length fitted piece featured racy slits on the sides. Meanwhile, she wore her short dark hair down in a wet look style.
Kardashian’s new Instagram carousel saw her striking a pose along with her four children, who all looked stunning in their festive attires. The eldest, North, donned a white corset top and paired it with a semi-voluminous black miniskirt. The 11-year-old elevated the power look with a black tie, matching tailored jacket, sheer black tights, and knee-high shoes. 
Kardashian’s younger daughter, Chicago, wore a chic little red leather dress above a matching top. The piece looked similar to a dress her mom recently wore during the holiday season. Chicago completed her festive look with matching red cowboy boots. Meanwhile, the boys, Saint and Psalm, rocked casual fits as they wore black shirts and baggy pants and paired the look with jackets and shoes. 
As expected, Kim Kardashian’s adorable Christmas photos garnered her followers’ attention on Instagram. Kris Jenner took to the comments section and gushed over her daughter and grandchildren with several red heart emojis. The kids’ aunt, Khloe Kardashian, even thought that the photos were “absolute perfection.” Meanwhile, several others melted over the sweet snaps. Kardashian’s new post has racked up over two million likes.
Originally reported by Shriya Swami on Momtastic.
Evolve Media is a publisher of leading enthusiast destinations.
Share article