Kanye West spent days uploading near-naked pictures of his wife Bianca Censori who was posing in next to no clothes on his Instagram.
But now Ye's account is a blank canvas again as the Bound 2 rapper appears to have deleted all his recent images. It's not yet known if he'd removed them or if they have been taken down by Instagram, but the musician's page is still online and public.
Despite boasting more than 18.7million followers, Kanye doesn't seem to be using his account for self-promotion, yet. Celebrity publicity experts now tell The Mirror that this latest move from the Heartless hitmaker could just be one massive "PR stunt".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West lashes out at female reporter in furious bust-up caught in alarming video
"Kanye West is no stranger to the trend of social media blackouts," Lynn Carratt of Press Box PR explains. "In fact, before this latest deletion, he wiped his Instagram clean in 2021 hot on the heels of his Grammy nominations."
The leading showbiz expert continued: "It's likely that Kayne has just archived his posts instead of deleting them altogether. This would allows him to store his old content and data. It's also interesting to note that he hasn't untagged himself from any images.
"Many musicians and artists use the social media blackout trend as a way to tease their upcoming projects, and Kanye is no exception. He's currently preparing to release a new album called Vultures with collaborator Ty Dolla Sign on February 9, and it is said that it will drop in three parts, with the other two coming in March and April."
Lynn reckons Ye's social media blackout could be something to do with his new release, using it as a well-known "tactic" that he's been doing for years. She added: "This isn't the first time he's done a blackout either; he's been using this tactic for PR since 2013 when he deleted all of his Twitter posts and only shared the release date for his new album June Eighteenth.
"Kanye has always had a complicated relationship with social media, often deactivating and reactivating his accounts. However, he's known for his creative PR stunts, and the social media blackout is just another trend that as a musician will continue to utilise."
It comes after Kanye's explosive bust-up with a paparazzi videographer on Monday. The rapper lashed out at a female reporter from TMZ after she asked him if his wife Bianca had any "free will" following her near-naked snaps shared on Ye's social media pages. The comment didn't go down well, and it led to Kanye launching into an expletive-filled rant at the journalist before snatching her mobile phone.
Ye asked the reporter why they'd ask "some dumb-a** disrespectful questions about my wife" as conversation quickly turned to his children shared with ex-wife Kim Kardashian. "You got questions for that, or are you part of the system? Do you understand what I’m saying? Do you understand what I’m saying? Was it wrong for you to ask me about my wife, some dumba**, disrespectful sh*** like that, was that wrong or right?"
The journalist is seen in another angle asking Kanye for her phone back before the rapper says, "Answer the question - I’m supposed to answer your questions - answer my questions. I got your phone now: They’re gonna arrest me for taking your phone, arrest me for taking your phone then." He then calls himself a "grown-a** superhero".
Later in the day, the reporter returned with a heavy video camera, seemingly so Kanye couldn't easily snatch it out of her hand. He was confronted by more press as he attempted to leave the event, mobbed as he walked to his blacked-out Ferrari supercar.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.