She's doing some self-reflection.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Kim Kardashian is opening up about what led to her breakup with a mystery ex.
On the latest episode of The Kardashians, the season 5 finale, the SKIMS founder spoke in a confessional about a tendency of hers that she thinks might have precipitated the end of a previous romantic relationship.
"When someone tells me not to do something that I planned on, I physically get, like, 'You’re getting in my way,' and I will bulldoze whatever's in my way because you’re not going to tell me to change my schedule," she explained.
"I feel like that’s how I would get in relationships. Like when [bleep] started to tell me, 'You work so much, why don’t you just take the week off?' And I’m like, ‘Get out of here! Take the week off?!'"
She added, "That was the beginning of the end."
A post shared by Flavor Flav ⏰ (@flavorflavofficial)
A photo posted by on 
The name of the ex in question was edited out of the show, but Kim previously dated Pete Davidson for just under a year between fall 2021 and August 2022.
Before that, she was married to Kanye West—with whom she shares children North, Saint, Chicago, and Psalm—between 2014 and 2022 (when the divorce was finalized).
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
In the past, she was also married to Damon Thomas from 2000 to 2004, and to Kris Humphries, from 2011 to 2013. She was briefly linked to Tom Brady recently, but the rumors were never confirmed.
A post shared by The Kardashians (@kardashianshulu)
A photo posted by on 
On last week's episode, the mom of four had shared that she was seeing a therapist to help her make sense of her inner world. Speaking to her sister Khloé about what she'd learned, she said, "She was like, 'You think calm is your superpower. I think you are so desensitized from trauma that you literally are frozen in fight or flight.'"
The sisters then came to the conclusion that the robbery Kim experienced in Paris in 2016 may have altered the way she shows up in her life.
The aspiring lawyer said in a confessional that her staying calm during the robbery "saved my life," but she added, "I think I've let it get too calm, to where people could take advantage of my calmness, or I'm just turning into a full robot with, like, no emotion."
She also admitted to working very hard as a sort of coping mechanism.
Iris Goldsztajn is a London-based journalist, editor and author. She is the morning editor at Marie Claire, and her work has appeared in the likes of British Vogue, InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Refinery29 and SELF. Iris writes about everything from celebrity news and relationship advice to the pitfalls of diet culture and the joys of exercise. She has many opinions on Harry Styles, and can typically be found eating her body weight in cheap chocolate.

The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


It's been 14 years!


Her "corny joke" speaks volumes.


The pair were "spotted talking" at an after-party.


It's been 10 years since the original picture from Kardashian's viral Paper magazine cover.


"meet my new friend."


It's not been easy.


Many parents will nod along to this one.


From 'Legally Blonde' to 'Striptease' and 'Toy Story,' nothing was off the table.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.