WILMINGTON — A hip-hop concert is planned for Waterline Brewing Company this summer.
On July 22, Kweli, along with artists Skyzoo and Landon Wordswell, will perform at Waterline Brewing Company, overlooking the Cape Fear River. Doors open at 7 p.m., and the show begins at 8 p.m. 
The concert will feature opening acts by Trvy & The Enemy and local hip-hop artist S. Dot Lee. DJ Bigg B from Coast 97.3 will host and DJ the event. Additionally, a food truck and a video game lounge sponsored by Coastal Clash will be available onsite.
The concert is hosted by 3 Chambers, an online media platform that celebrates art, music, and film. 
Kweli is a popular Brooklyn M.C. known in the hip-hop community for being half of the rap group Black Star, formed with fellow Brooklyn rapper Mos Def. 
Kweli’s solo career took off simultaneously as Black Star gained popularity after their formation in 1997. In 2002, he released his debut solo album, “Quality,” featuring one of his most popular songs, “Get By.” The track, produced by Kanye West and including a sample by Nina Simone, reached the U.S. Billboard Top 100 in 2003.
Skyzoo, another rapper from Brooklyn, started his career in the mid-2000s. His debut major project, released in 2006, was a collaborative EP titled “Cloud 9: The 3 Day High” with Grammy-winning producer 9th Wonder from North Carolina. Since then, Skyzoo has continued to expand his career, releasing 14 additional albums and EPs, including his latest, “The Mind of a Saint,” released in 2023.
Landon Wordswell, from Brooklyn, Illinois, but now based in Atlanta, Georgia — draws inspiration from both cities to craft intricate raps, exemplified in his popular single “Can’t Complain.”
Early bird tickets are available now for $20 and will tick up to $30 July 1 through the 21 here. Tickets will also be sold at the door for $40.
[Editor’s Note: A previous version of this article stated the concert is on June 22. The correct date of the concert is July 22; PCD regrets the error.]
Tips or comments? Email info@portcitydaily.com. 
 Want to read more from PCD? Subscribe now and then sign up for our newsletter, Wilmington Wire, and get the headlines delivered to your inbox every morning.
This page is available to subscribers. Click here to sign in or get access.
NEW options to keep reading! Buy one-time credits or subscribe now. Already a subscriber? Just login to keep reading.
Port City Daily is your online newspaper dedicated to the Cape Fear region.

Contact Us: We want to hear from you! Please send us an email at: info@portcitydaily.com
© 2025 PortCity Daily  | Website by Web Publisher PRO