The Buffalo rapper secured his third GRAMMY nomination for being part of the Houston rapper's LP.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Travis Scott‘s July album Utopia was a hot topic due to him once again not listing the features. Westside Gunn was among the many guest appearances on this album and recently addressed those who claimed he ruined the track “Lost Forever.” 

	The Buffalo rapper gave fans a snippet of a new record he was working on via X, formerly known as Twitter, on Monday (Jan. 8). One fan commented the next day (Jan. 9), writing, “@WESTSIDEGUNN ruined one of the best tracks on UTOPIA with his annoying high pitched voice.. LOST FOREVER had the potential to be the best track on there.”

	










	The Griselda member countered by quoting a line from his verse on that track: “Whipped the cocaine to the pot bust you was on the porch I was locked up.” He shrugged off the insult and wrote, “These type of comments is bullying it makes me sad I’m crying my fly pretty a** all the way to the Grammys,” which was bookended by laughing emojis. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye Says Travis Scott Isn't "Family," Questions His Role As A Parent		
			






“Whipped the cocaine to the pot bust you was on the porch I was locked up” ?? these type of comments is bullying it makes me sad I’m crying my fly pretty ass all the way to the Grammys ?? https://t.co/huDgpaGY0V
5 nominations? as i mentioned only 1 nomination for your music and the other for Ye. dont fool yourself, as i said enjoy ur 5 min of fame before the fall. Go back to this tweet one year from now and mark my words. Goodluck tho no hate just stating facts. pic.twitter.com/A3A9qSOczK
Hahahahahahahaha u still ready1. Freenationals album2. Royce the 5’9 album3. Donda4. Mary j album5. Travis albumI never wanted to be the best rapper buddy I’m the illest curator & owner of Griselda records I make ART idc even about the accolades I’m a live forever ???? https://t.co/VDPRgGRDvE

	That same fan continued going back and forth with Westside Gunn, asserting that this Grammy nomination would be his only one. The Pray For Paris rapper countered and corrected the fan, saying it was his fifth overall nomination, which prompted the fan to do some research on Grammy.com. 

	He uncovered that the 41-year-old rapper was only listed as having two Grammy nominations. Gunn corrected the X user once again and listed the five artists who he worked with that had Grammy-nominated efforts: The Free Nationals, Royce Da 5’9″, Kanye West, Mary J. Blige, and Travis Scott.

	Time will tell whether Gunn will be able to lay claim to being part of a Grammy-winning album, but he continues to churn out the music regardless. He joined Conway The Machine and The Alchemist to close off December 2023 with the nine-track project Hall & Nash 2, just two months after releasing And Then You Pray For Me. Listen to Hall & Nash 2 below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.