Kanye West claims he lost $2billion in a day and was “two months from declaring bankruptcy” after companies dropped him over his antisemitic rants.
The controversial rapper, 46, was bumped from his billionaire status in 2022 after various outbursts against the Jewish community came to light. His net worth also took a nosedive after Ye sold White Lives Matter t-shirts at his Paris Fashion Week show.
During one episode of Drink Champs on Revolt TV, Kanye blamed “Jewish media” and “Jewish Zionists” for various alleged insults, adding: “The Jewish community, especially in the music industry… they’ll take us and milk us ’til we die.” He also claimed: “Jewish people have owned the Black voice”.
READ MORE: Country star MacKenzie Porter 'didn't worry about clothes' for 'vulnerable' album cover
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Afterwards, he was dropped from various lucrative contracts with brands, as Adidas terminated its partnership with his brand Yeezy. Now he has spent a whopping $7million on a Super Bowl advert to plug his fashion brand and his new album Vultures.
He told TMZ: “I'm just be honest with y'all. I was two months from going bankrupt, and I put everything I had into it.” Referencing himself and wife Bianca Censori, he said: “We moved to Italy. We moved to the factories, and we survived. We survived through the cancellation. We're back number one.”
Kanye claims the loss wasn’t because of “controversy”, but “about being able to say how you felt out loud”. He went on: “If I didn't have the various skill sets of music and clothing and the fanbase, they would have been able to destroy me. But because we had all those skill sets, somehow I'm here inside of this universe able to fight.”
And asked if he regrets his antisemitic rants, he would only say: “I got the right to my opinion.” Yeezy made $19.3million from the Super Bowl advertisement, while his album shot to number one in 100 countries.
The advert, filmed in the back of a car, saw the rapper tell the camera: “Hey y'all, this is Ye and this is my commercial… [my team] spent all the money on the commercial spot, [so we] actually didn't spend any money on the actual commercial.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
“But the idea is I want you to go to Yeezy.com. Imma write it at the bottom of the screen… and I got some shoes, and ummmm… that's it.” But despite claiming he was near bankruptcy, Kanye found $850,000 in January to have his teeth removed and replaced with titanium dentures “more expensive than diamonds”.
The dentures, which are unique to Kanye, were fitted by Dr Thomas Connelly in Beverly Hills alongside Naoki Hayashi, Master Dental Technician. A source told Daily Mail: “Ye has had the bulk of his teeth shaved down to little tombstones, which is standard procedure for veneers.”
Daily Star has contacted Kanye's representatives for comment.
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.