E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Ye is facing yet another lawsuit — this time from eight former Yeezy employees, including minors, who accuse the rapper and his company of fostering a “hostile” work environment that included discrimination, unpaid wages and subjecting minors to pornographic imagery.
The complainants in the suit, who range in age from 14 to 25 and hail from multiple countries, named the artist formerly known as Kanye West, 47, as well as his brand and recently departed chief of staff Milo Yiannopoulos, according to the filing obtained by Us Weekly.
The plaintiffs say they were dubbed “slaves” and “new slaves” in the company’s channel on the communication app Discord while developing an app for West earlier this year.
They also allege that the team’s app developers were bullied over characteristics including race, gender, age and sexual orientation.
The ex-workers claim that once the “Heartless” rapper started work on adult entertainment division, Yeezy Porn, employees were subjected to pornographic images in the workplace — including by West’s wife Bianca Censori.
The suit accuses the Yeezy architectural designer, 29, of having “sent a YZYVSN worker a file sharing link of hardcore pornography” for the app, per Us Weekly.
Yiannopoulos, who quit the company in May over his objections to involvement with Yeezy Porn, told TMZ on behalf of Censori that the claims against her are “odious lies.” He also denied the claims of a hostile work environment.
In a tweet Sunday, Yiannopoulos slammed the “joke lawsuit” as a reaction to one of the employees not having procured a full-time gig at the company.
The former Breitbart editor dismissed what he said were “bonkers racism claims” as part of “the most dishonest thing I’ve ever seen filed with a court.”
West was sued early last month by ex-personal assistant Lauren Pisciotta for sexual harassment, breach of contract and a hostile work environment. His lawyer dismissed the allegations as “baseless.”
Back in April, former Donda Academy employee Trevor Phillips sued West for allegedly wanting to shave students’ heads and lock them in cages, as well as having compared himself to Adolf Hitler “minus the gas chambers.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group