The film, 'In Whose Name?,' has been in production for six years.
A mysterious documentary about Ye aka Kanye West is in the works, and the first image has been revealed to the public.
A new documentary that’s been years in the making about Ye aka Kanye West is now revealing the first image from the film. The film, entitled In Whose Name?, includes never-before-seen footage of West and “promises to offer a unique and cinematic perspective on Ye’s public transformation.” In Whose Name?, which has been in production for six years, will have an exclusive promotional reel screening at the American Film Market on Nov. 7 after a completed deal with Goodfellas and Utopia.
The synopsis of the film reads:
 


					Related Stories
				





Savannah Square Named For Racist Renamed To Honor Black Woman Who Taught The Formerly Enslaved To Read






Jay-Z And Beyoncé Are Said To Be Considering Legal Action Against Kanye West






Yella Beezy Charged With Murder In Connection Death of Texas Rapper MO3






“With a billion-dollar budget and a commitment to truth, Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, invites 18-year-old Nicolas Ballesteros armed with an iPhone on a six-year journey revealing unfiltered aspects of celebrity life which confront the provocative opinions, grand visions and bold contrarianism that defined him as the world’s most controversial artist. The film follows Ye’s ascent to becoming the richest Black man in American history while uncovering why the superstar risked everything he had built in the name of freedom. Examining the culture that birthed the star, ‘In Whose Name?’ explores the overlapping influences of corporate exploitation, racial complexities and psychological struggles inherent in the American dream.”
Outside of the synopsis, observers note that Ye’s recent issues with adidas as well as his spiral into anti-Semitism may very well be discussed in the movie. Ballesteros serves as a producer on the documentary along with Shy Ranje. The executive producer is Justin Staple, and David Bullock is on board as a producer. The movie is currently in post-production at the time of this article’s publication.
“We’re thrilled to present ‘In Whose Name?’ at AFM,” said Marie Zeniter, vice president of sales at Utopia, and Eva Diederix, head of sales at Goodfellas in a statement about the documentary. “This powerful documentary offers an unfiltered view without narration, it invites audiences to draw their own conclusions on themes of fame, religion, and power. We believe audiences globally deserve the chance to witness how one of the world’s most influential figures navigates the complexities and contradictions of celebrity.”
—
Photo: Getty


First Look At Secretive Kanye West Documentary Arrives 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Contact Us								

									About								

									Advertising								

									Top 10 Hood Beverages								

									Rep. Jasmine Crockett Wants To Take On Trump In An IQ Test								

									10 Video Vixens Then & Now [PHOTOS]								

									Ray J & Kim Kardashian Sex Tape Gained $1.4M In Sales In 6 Weeks								

									DIRTY DOZEN: Uncle Ruckus' Most Racist Moments								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.