Now 
45
 Mon 
75
 Tue 
81
by KRISTINA WATROBSKI | Crisis in the Classroom
TOPICS:
CHICAGO (CITC) — Rapper Che "Rhymefest" Smith, known for collaborations with Kanye West and John Legend, announced Thursday he is running for a seat on the Chicago school board.
Chicago Public Schools (CPS) will hold the first election for its school board in November. Board seats are typically filled by the mayor. However, residents will be able to directly choose 10 of their representatives this year, with Mayor Brandon Johnson appointing the remaining 11.
Residents will directly elect all 21 members by 2026, according to a plan approved by lawmakers last month.
In a press conference at Chicago's The Silver Room Thursday, Smith said he is running to represent District 10, which encompasses part of the southwestern end of the city. The Grammy Award-winning rapper attended CPS during his childhood, an experience he said taught him about "community" and how to "create our ways out of our own problems."
All CPS school board candidates are required to garner 1,000 petition signatures by June 24 to be eligible for November's ballot. Smith urged attendees Thursday to sign his petition, noting his campaign is an opportunity to "reimagine" the city's schools.
READ MORE |Thousands of Chicago students not getting transportation despite $9B budget: 'Where is the money going?'
"Education must be a beautiful experience," Smith said. "We will get on that ballot."
The rapper's lone challenger for the District 10 seat is Adam Parrott-Sheffer, a former school principal and education consultant. Smith previously ran for alderman of Ward 20 in 2011, but narrowly lost to then-incumbent Willie Cochran.
Reshaping the CPS school board has proven to be a priority for Mayor Johnson over the last year. The first-term mayor overhauled the board shortly after he was sworn in last spring, touting a goal of "building the school communities that our students and families deserve." Former Mayor Lori Lightfoot often opposed the concept of an elected school board, arguing in 2021 it would create a "whole new set of bureaucracy," according to the Chicago Sun-Times.
Have something for the Crisis in the Classroom team to investigate? Call or text the national tip line at 202-417-7273.