This image released by Paramount Network shows cast members, from left, Ian Bohen, Jen Landon, Denim Richards, Jake Ream, Ethan Lee and Ryan Bingham from the series "Yellowstone." (Paramount Network via AP)AP
‘Yellowstone’ star asks for help finding missing family member
“Yellowstone” star Mo Brings Plenty is asking the public for help finding a missing family member. The actor, who plays Mo on the Kevin Costner-led TV series, said his nephew Cole “Coco” Brings Plenty hasn’t been seen since Sunday in Kansas.
 “My good friend @mobringsplenty nephew is missing. He was last seen on Easter evening in Kansas City. If you have any information on his whereabouts please contact the below or your local police,” co-star Cole Hauser, who plays Rip Wheeler on the Paramount Network show, wrote on Instagram.
Cole Brings Plenty, who played sheepherder Pete Plenty Clouds in the “Yellowstone” spinoff “1923,” reportedly missed an appointment with his agent for a TV show and has his cell phone “currently off.”
According to the New York Post, Cole is wanted by police in relation to a domestic violence incident on March 31. The Lawrence Police Department said authorities responded to reports of a woman screaming for help on Sunday morning and identified Cole as a suspect.
Cole, who played sheepherder Pete Plenty Clouds on the “Yellowstone” spinoff “1923,” reportedly missed an appointment with his agent for a TV show and has his cell phone “currently off.” His acting credits also include “Into the Wild Frontier” and “The Tall Tales of Jim Bridger.”
“Hope Cole is found safe and sound soon,” another “Yellowstone” actor, Finn Little, wrote on Instagram.
(L-R) Moses Brings Plenty as Mo, Kevin Costner as John Dutton, and Gil Birmingham as Thomas Rainwater on "Yellowstone."Paramount Network
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices