By 

	Charisma Madarang


Kanye West appeared to confirm reports that he has plans to launch an adult entertainment studio. On Wednesday, the Vultures rapper tweeted a six second clip with the word “Yeezy Porn Is Cumming” while a voice directed viewers to “go to yeezy.com.”

	On Tuesday, West and his partners were reported to be in “advanced talks” to get a pornography brand launched. TMZ was the first to report the news, stating that a rep for Yeezy said that the studio would be part of an adult entertainment division at parent company Yeezy, and that West had been in contact with Stormy Daniels’ ex-husband Mike Moz to discuss leading the new venture.

	Representatives for West did not immediately return Rolling Stone‘s requests for comment.

	This isn’t the first time West has publicly been affiliated with porn. In the past, West has referred to a “full-on pornography addiction” that “destroyed my family” and to sex as a design inspiration. In November 2022, Rolling Stone reported that multiple former Yeezy employees claimed West played pornography to them and showed them inappropriate pictures of his then-wife Kim Kardashian, among other alleged tactics of intimidation and control.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Moz’s ex-wife Daniels has also been in the headlines, embroiled in Donald Trump’s hush money trial underway in New York County Supreme Court — the nation’s first criminal trial of a sitting or former president. Trump pleaded not guilty to a 34-count felony indictment last year that alleged the former president falsified business records in New York to hide damaging information in the weeks preceding the 2016 presidential election. Prosecutors claim that Trump’s then-attorney and fixer Michael Cohen paid Daniels $130,000 to sign a non-disclosure-agreement, to stop her from sharing details of an alleged tryst to the press.

	West has vied for the presidency himself, and in 2022, announced his 2024 run for president. His lawyer later stated in October 2023 that his presidential run for this cycle was dead. The past few years have seen West’s business, personal, and musical affairs deteriorate in the aftermath of his antisemitic rants — with Adidas, Gap, Balenciaga, and the rapper’s own agency, CAA, cutting ties with West. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.