The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Downton Abbey returns… Brad Pitt & girlfriend are living together… Usher’s Super Bowl Halftime Show viewership… Kanye West shares tweet of a Taylor Swift fan… and North West posts concerning TikTok about Kanye
In movie and TV news….Surprise! Downtown Abbey is coming back for a seventh season, and filming has already begun. A source told The News that the cast had to sign NDAs to ensure “they don’t give the game away.” We know producers were hoping to get a bunch of original cast members to come back, but at this point we don’t know who’s signed on. Over at Sony, they’re working on a reboot of the 60s TV series Bewitched. This is in the early stages of development, but it’s being described as an hour-long re-imagination of the show. And Miles Teller has joined the cast of Antoine Fuqua’s Michael Jackson biopic, Michael. He’ll play Michael’s entertainment lawyer and manager John Branca, who worked for him for a large part of his career. Michael’s nephew Jaafar Jackson — son of Jermaine — has been cast as Michael. The movie is set for an April 2025 release.
Downton Abbey returns! Delight for fans as filming secretly starts on a new series of the show in surprise comeback https://t.co/zaCcIaAcX6
Multiple sources have confirmed to People magazine that Brad Pitt’s girlfriend Ines de Ramon has moved into his home. One source said that Ines hasn’t given up her own place just yet, but she and Brad are “going very strong and she is happier than ever.” Ines was married for to Vampire Diaries star Paul Wesley for 3 years. They separated in September 2022, and by November, she was spotted for the first time with Brad. If there was any hope of reconciliation, there was no going back after that! Paul filed for divorce in February 2023, citing irreconcilable differences. Brad and Ines still haven’t made their red carpet debut as a couple, but now that she has a key to his place, maybe this is their next hurdle.
Brad Pitt and Girlfriend Ines de Ramon Are Living Together (Exclusive Sources) https://t.co/SCdW5BI65N
Usher now holds the record for the most-watched Super Bowl Halftime Show of all time. With 129.3M views, he beat out previous record-holder Rihanna with 121.018M. She’s just barely beat out Katy Perry for that spot. Katy is now in 3rd with 121m. Lady Gaga has the fourth most-watched performance with 118m, followed by Coldplay, Beyoncé, and Bruno Mars’ collaboration for Super Bowl 50, which had 115.5M sets of eyeballs tuning in. After his performance this past Sunday, Usher said he was “just getting started,” and he meant it! The Hollywood Reporter says Usher is developing a drama series for television centered around his music! According to the summary, the series will center around “Black love in Atlanta and individuals looking to find a place to call home.” In a statement, Usher said, “My 30-year catalog has resonated with so many people no matter where they were in their lives. I’m happy to be working with UCP to bring the music to life. I hope the series resonates with you the way my music continues to.”
Usher’s Halftime Show Reportedly Drew In More Viewership Than Rihanna’s And Dr. Dre’s https://t.co/dG6wP9xFvT
Kanye reposted a tweet declaring, “SWIFTIE EMERGENCY” with 3 flashing sirens. Then came their marching orders:  “Beyonce’s new single ’TEXAS HOLD ‘EM’ is challenging Kanye West for a #1 debut on the Billboard hot 100. Let’s BUY AND STREAM TEXAS HOLD ‘EM to block him for the top spot!!! REMEMBER he just DRAGGED Taylor on his latest Instagram Story.” Kanye took issue with that. He responded in all caps — but it’s too hard on the eyes so I won’t type it that way! — “When I said that I’m the new Jesus b**** I wasn’t even thinking about Taylor Swift. That was a whole line before but I appreciate the free promo. Lil Wayne actually mentions Travis Kelsey on Vultures 2. This album is actually super positive and fun. It’s all about triumphant.” He continued, “Last year was incredibly challenging for me, my wife, my children, my friends and family.” And then he listed some of those challenges. But then he said, “Remember I was on Taylor’s side when scooter bought her masters behind her back. She and Beyoncé are big inspirations to all musicians. We always say how both sell out tours and movies. Also, I’m sure I’ve been far more helpful to Taylor Swift’s career than harmful. To all Taylor Swift fans, I am not your enemy. Uuum I’m not your friend either though LOL.”
Kanye West shares tweet of a Taylor Swift fan supporting Beyoncé’s new single, which is in a chart battle with his:“I'M SURE I'VE BEEN FAR MORE HELPFUL TO TAYLOR SWIFT'S CAREER THAN HARMFULTO ALL TAYLOR SWIFT FANS I AM NOT YOUR ENEMY UUUM IM NOT YOUR FRIEND EITHER THOUGH LOL” pic.twitter.com/JDTflrvQy3
A TikTok post by North West has a lot of people questioning on Kim Kardashian and Kanye’s parenting decisions. North uploaded a carousel of photos and the tenth one was a picture of North’s handwritten note to herself, asking, “What are 3 things your (sic) grateful for today?” Then she listed, “I am grateful for the VULTURES 1 album because it is insanely good. I am also grateful for the black vulture because if vultures weren’t alive this amazing album wouldn’t have come out. Lastly, I am grateful for the song CARNIVAL.” Then she drew her dad’s album cover, which includes her stepmom Bianca Censori showing her backside. While many are shocked about the drawing, more seem to be disturbed about North being thankful for a song filled with X-rated lyrics and adult subject matter! They’re questioning why Kim and/or Kanye are allowing their 10-year-old daughter to be exposed to this stuff. The TikTok was deleted a few hours later, but neither Kim or Kanye have commented on the fallout.
North West says she is thankful for the album Vultures and the song Carnival by Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign‼️ pic.twitter.com/R38lg81qUC

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show