Scott Disick has been praised by fans for his hilarious relationship with Khloe Kardashian as he made a rather cheeky comment about her.
In the latest episode of The Kardashians, Scott was filmed chatting to Khloe but he quickly got distracted by her outfit. The Good American founder kept things casual as she wore a pair of black leggings and tight brown top.
But it was Khloe's choice of bra that grabbed Scott's attention as she was sporting Kim Kardashian's new nipple bra. In the middle of the chat, Scott couldn't help but say: "Do you have the new nipple bra on?" A visibly irritated Khloe responded: "Of course I have the new nipple bra on."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori’s sister Angelina looks like Kanye West’s wife’s twin in revealing outfit
Scott couldn't resist commenting: "I was gonna say, those things look good." Khloe's mum Kris Jenner joined them and commented: "I mean, you can't stop looking at it."
The situation turned a tad awkward when Scott admitted: "I mean, I look no matter what." The clip went viral on Instagram, with fans expressing their enjoyment of the playful banter between Khloe and Scott.
Fans showered the pair with love online, with one user commenting: "Scott and Khloe have this dynamic duo combination love them both," Another chimed in: "Yesssss to Scott & Khloe. Favorite duo," and a third shared: "Scott and Khloe always make me laugh."
Khloe's nipple bra also became a talking point during her chat with friend Malika Haqq, as she accidentally revealed sister Kim Kardashian's bra size. Malika seemed impressed by Khloe's fashion choice, asking: "Is this the Kim nipple bra?"
Khloe responded: "Yeah, they're not my nipples," while Malika spoke highly of the outfit. Nonetheless, Khloe didn't hold back when it came to her thoughts on Kim.
She lashed out, stating: "But Kim is such a b****. I was like, 'If I get my boobs done, I like this size'. She was like, 'That is too big for you'. Coming from Double D door knockers is telling me what's too big for me? Please."
New episodes of The Kardashians S5 stream weekly on Disney+
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.