Ex-Disney child star Bella Thorne dazzled fans as she stepped out for Paris Fashion Week in a nude illusion dress.
The actress, 26, seemed to forget her bra as she showed off a swathe of side-boob in a metallic gold and silver dress skimming her collarbones. The outfit featured totally see-through sections over her midriff and arms, before falling into a full-length black skirt.
Sinfully slashed all the way to the thigh, Bella’s dress exposed one lithe leg. She paired the racy look with a black manicure and an ultra-glam make-up look, swiping on a cherry red lip and blush at the apples of her cheeks. Arranging her brunette tresses into a sleek style, she let her hair fall around her shoulders while posing up a storm for the waiting cameras.
READ MORE: My 600lb Life star strips off to show ‘real body’ after eye-watering weight loss
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Bella attended the Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2024 show in Paris, leaving her wild California mansion behind to enjoy some high fashion in Europe. It seems see-through tops are in vogue at this year’s event, with both Harry Styles’ ex Olivia Wilde and Kanye West’s wife Bianca Censori rocking sheer tops.
But for Bianca, the racy look might get her into trouble, as she was spotted leaving a French restaurant with her nipples clearly on display – along with a pair of see-through tights that left her entire groin exposed, clearly showing she wasn’t wearing any knickers.
The 29-year-old architect didn’t seem to be aware that her antics could breach French decency laws – and potentially land her in a cell. Article 222-32 of the penal code from March 1994 states: “Deliberate sexual display in the sight of others in a place accessible to the public gaze is punishable by one year in prison and a fine of one hundred thousand francs.”
But away from the glitz and glamour of Paris Fashion Week, Bella has been getting candid about her mental health with her social media followers. The actress filmed herself lying in bed with tears staining her face as she explained: “My mental health is not going good.
“On a scale of one to crying all night, I’m at a 10. I feel like it’s important to make these videos because when we go on social media and stuff we see all this happiness and all these amazing looks and hair and make-up… Even just making this is making me more depressed.”
She added: “I guess what I’m trying to say is it’s okay to be depressed. We have to give ourselves the space to feel what we’re feeling and be who we are. I guess social media makes everything look like it’s perfect and dandy and it’s not. I love you, and I love everyone, and I’m saying hello.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Bella went on to write in her caption: “Mental health is important and all the time we push that to the side for everything else in our life, it still comes crashing down, so don’t end up like me and do the mental health check ins that are needed before you get to this point.
“Remember to hold space for your tears and your thoughts those are incredibly important, life isn’t always perfect matter of fact mostly it’s not, and I guess that’s OK too.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.