Jersey Evening Post

					Jersey Evening Post				
Shakira has announced an upcoming world tour during a surprise performance at Coachella.
The Colombian singer appeared as a guest during the set of Argentinian music producer and DJ Bizarrap to perform their new track La Fuerte and BZRP Music Sessions, Vol 53.
During her performance, the backdrop behind her changed to say “Shakira, Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran World Tour”.
The 47-year-old told the crowd at the Californian festival: “Finally, we are going on tour. Starting here, this November in this city, can’t wait.”
The Hips Don’t Lie star also told the festival audience “this is amazing” when she first appeared wearing a red glittery ensemble with matching red boots.
Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran, released last month, is the 12th studio album from the singer and first in seven years.
The announcement comes a day after the She Wolf singer posted a message on Instagram in Spanish, which translated to “the wolf is coming”.
Coachella takes place over two weekends from April 12 to 14 and April 19 to 21 and will feature headline performances from Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat, Tyler, The Creator and a No Doubt reunion with Gwen Stefani.
US singer Del Rey, who rose to fame in 2012 with Born To Die, last appeared at the festival on her debut in 2014.
No Doubt with lead singer Gwen Stefani will reunite at Coachella (Rich Lee/PA)

The 38-year-old hit the headlines last year after she arrived late for her performance at the BST Hyde Park festival in London, just weeks after her microphone was cut off at Glastonbury when her set overran because of her late arrival.
Coachella, renowned for attracting celebrities and influencers from across the world, will also see performances from Mexican singer Peso Pluma and South Korean DJ and singer Peggy Gou.
Daisy Jones And The Six star Suki Waterhouse, who recently gave birth to her first child with Twilight actor Robert Pattinson, will also perform.
The British actress, model and singer confirmed she had given birth earlier this month by sharing a Polaroid of her cradling her child, who was wrapped in a blanket adorned with love hearts.
She later described having her first child as a “humbling” experience.
The return of Coachella comes after it ran into problems with headline acts over the last two years.
Last year, Frank Ocean pulled out of his second headline performance because of a leg injury while Kanye West, also known as Ye, was due to headline in 2022 but the line-up was updated weeks before the event.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Read the Homelife, Le Rocher and a whole host of other subjects like ranging from cycling to travel.
news@jerseyeveningpost.com