Kim Kardashian was in Nikki Glaser’s DMs following “The Roast of Tom Brady.”
The comedian told “Here to Help” podcast listeners on Monday that the reality star had reached out to her while she was “on the way in” to film with co-hosts Jake Johnson and Gareth Reynolds.
Glaser, 39, then shared the message from Kardashian, which “pretty much” said that she “killed it” during the May 5 Netflix special, filmed at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles.
The “FBoy Island” host replied, “Kim, oh, my God, I was trying to make eye contact with you every chance I could to mouth to you, ‘You f—king killed, girl,’ which was no surprise after your ‘SNL’ monologue, which was elite. 
“You are so talented,” she concluded. “Thank you so much for writing me.”
When Johnson and Reynolds pushed Glaser to check for a reply, she confirmed that Kardashian, 43, had thanked her in the DMs.
“You — capitalized — killed it,” the “Kardashians” star wrote back. “I don’t know how you do this it’s abuse lol.”
Johnson, 45, asked whether it would be “insane” for Glaser to follow that up with a request to grab coffee.
“I did not get the vibe she wants to hang out,” the “Welcome Home Nikki Glaser” star clarified. “If I get that ever, I will jump on it.”
She did, however, approve of the “New Girl” alum’s second option, which was, “Big fan, hopefully we cross paths again.”
Although the actress did not mention Kardashian during her set at the live event, Tony Hinchcliffe, Kevin Hart and more participants took jabs.
Glaser admitted on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” last week that she was “surprised” that even Brady, 46, made an “off limits” wisecrack about Kardashian’s co-parenting with ex-husband Kanye West while on stage.
“She takes enough of a beating,” Glaser said. “She’s not on the stage.”
Comedian Andrew Schulz recently told his “Flagrant” podcast listeners that Kardashian appeared “disassociated” during the event — even when she was savagely booed in a moment later edited out.
“She sat with perfect posture for three hours straight. Smiled, laughed. I’ve never seen anything like that. Completely unaffected,” the “Guy Code” alum said, comparing the Skims creator to a “robot … with no human aspect.”
Advertisement