MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. (WMBF) - A self-proclaimed millennial mogul from the Grand Strand and her business partner are at the center of a North Carolina Department of Justice investigation connected to several investment deals.
FULL SPECIAL | Watch on YouTube
WMBF News spoke with four women, among at least a dozen people, who have filed complaints with government authorities and shared their stories.
“We were lied to by Jameian Selmon and Sharain Hemingway,” said Jeanette Vasquez.
Vasquez, Lezlie Briggs, Encantis Anderson and Latonia Greene all say this started with the promise of building generational wealth through investments in boats, vacation rentals, tiny homes, restaurants, and even a greenhouse farm.
“We were all anxious and eager to provide a better future for our families,” said Anderson.
“It seemed like this is legit,” added Greene. “I invested $15,000″
Briggs also said she invested $15,000 while Anderson and Vasquez each invested $30,000 and $25,000, respectively.
However, the women said they fell into a scheme described as an old game with a new twist.
North Carolina Secretary of State records show Selmon and Hemingway started their first company, Tega Hills Collective, in June 2022. It was pitched as a limited liability company where investors would buy into a hydroponic greenhouse farm to grow cannabis.
“I was super excited because I grew up on a farm,” said Briggs. “So, I know what it feels like. And I was like cannabis is something new, it’s starting to grow. I was like ‘Oh my gosh, how much [do] I need to pay to get in?’”
Briggs said $5,000 was the magic number and she gave the women a check. Immediately, Selmon and Hemingway used it to start the process of buying Tega Hills Farm in Fort Mill, South Carolina - just outside of Charlotte.
Mindy Robinson and her now-deceased husband, Mark, owned the property and negotiated the nearly million-dollar deal.
“From the beginning, the idea was that I would provide some type of owner financing and they were going to provide a certain amount up front,” said Robinson. “We were willing [to accept the deal] knowing that we were taking a risk.”
Robinson claims even with the sweetheart deal, there always appeared to be issues. She said when her husband suddenly died in the summer of 2022, Selmon sent an email demanding a substantially lower asking price.
“From a personal point of view, I was running a business that was a two-person entity,” Robinson recalled. “We had employees and people we were responsible for and they needed to know what was going on with the farm so they could make life decisions. I was doing that on my own.”
By December 2022, Robinson says it became clear the deal wasn’t happening and she recalls Selmon and Hemingway asking for their $5,000 back in escrow.
“That was the final straw,” she said. “It just confirmed that I didn’t need to be working with them anymore.”
Robinson eventually decided to split the money. That ended the saga for her, but the year-long exchange still makes her wonder.
“The question that was in the back of my mind is if they were so credible; why they just didn’t go to the bank and get a bank loan?” she asked.
Throughout 2023, the investors say Selmon and Hemingway encouraged them to keep their money in Tega Hills Collective.
A lease agreement shows they tried renting a farm for free in Loris - but that plan went nowhere.
WMBF News spoke to Jeffrey Gore, who’s listed as the landlord, but he declined to comment saying that “this situation is none of my business.”
The investors said the duo stayed busy pitching them another attractive business opportunity by the initials, BBG.
“Billionaire Boat Girls supposedly had Airbnb’s, container homes, supposedly had all this stuff and all we needed was to go buy boats,” said Briggs.
Briggs added that after looking at BBG’s social media page she believed her investment was money well spent.
However, no online records exist showing boats registered to Hemingway, Selmon, Billionaire Boat Girls or Tega Hills Collective.
As for those Airbnbs, the company revealed to WMBF News it flagged a listing from BBG and removed the account due to violating their policy.
Latonia Greene said looking back on Selmon’s investment pitch made her feel infuriated.
“She literally took everything I had,” she said. “If I would’ve lost my job, I would’ve had no money whatsoever.”
The investors say this all came to a head at the end of 2023 when they received an email from Hemingway revealing the end of Billionaire Boat Girls and Tega Hills Collective.
The ladies recall by that time they already connected the dots and demanded refunds, though they don’t believe it will ever happen.
Several of the investors are instead taking their complaints to the FBI, The South Carolina Department of Consumer Affairs, and the North Carolina Department of Justice. The latter of which shared with WMBF News the attorney general is reviewing 10 complaints.
The ladies shared their stories on social media and offered some advice about how to gain true generational wealth.
“Do your research, take your time, “Anderson said. “Even as bad as we want it just be patient because it’ll come and the right people will come, not ones that’s going to take advantage of our good hearts and our good intentions.”
Sharain Hemingway sat down with WMBF News in an exclusive hour-long interview revealing everything she says went wrong.
“It was a dream,” she said after a brief pause and sigh of answering if this whole investment pitch was a lie.
Though Hemingway says she chose ambition over her sense of judgment, she’s opening up about her failed dealings with Tega Hills Collective, Billionaire Boat Girls, and her business partner Jameian Selmon.
The Myrtle Beach native recalls meeting Selmon on Facebook in 2020 and gravitating toward her energy.
“I have a passion of essentially taking generational curses and turning them into generational wealth,” said Hemingway. “And so to meet someone who had come from such a hard background. Understanding of where she was now knowing of who I was, I really thought they were kindred spirits coming to meet.”
By 2022, Hemingway remembers being hesitant at first when Selmon pitched the idea of Tega Hills Collective. Documents show also Hemingway as one of three people including Selmon with $250,000 cash on hand in June 2022.
Hemingway clarifies she never had to invest a dime.
“My contribution with sweat equity,” she said. “I did not contribute any cash to that. And so there was no money I could account for because the agreement was ‘Hey you don’t have any money anyway, Sharaine,’ so we’re going to get sweat equity out of you in exchange for us putting this money.”
Hemingway admitted she and her business partner were collecting money, but she wasn’t sure just how much.
“That’s why we’re here,” she said. “I don’t have any records of that. I can only speak to the $5,000 non-negotiable due diligence that Lezlie Briggs paid.”
Hemingway said they used that money to negotiate to buy Tega Hills Farm. She said building inspections are to blame for why that deal fell through, which led to the group asking for the escrow money to pay back Briggs.
“We asked because the investor asked us,” said Hemingway.
Hemingway said a second deal for a 96-acre farm property also fell through before they set their sights on a rent-free farm in Loris.
“I was told that the greenhouses were purchased and will be planning to be delivered to the 14 acres,” she said. “When I reached out again to ask for updates. When is the delivery date? What’s going on? A lot of things began to happen.”
Hemingway said she’s never seen financial statements or receipts even though she handled clerical work.
She said all she can account for is $1,000 in a Truist account used for website maintenance.
While the duo continued pursuing Tega Hills Collective and brought in new investors, they were pitching a different investment company which became Billionaire Boat Girls.
They were hoping to buy everything except for what’s in the name, at least according to Hemingway.
“Billionaire Boat Girls was not created to buy boats,” she said. “Billionaire Boat Girls was an investment group created to take small collectives, amount of money and to be able to buy big real estate projects. Meaning Sharain, myself or you yourself can’t go out and buy a old Walmart build. That was the idea being about because it was not about boats.”
When asked about the initial welcome email showing the investment company owning two Airbnb properties in Charlotte, an 11-acre container home development, and a villa in Las Vegas, Hemingway made an alarming admission.
“I am aware that there were promises made with my name and with this business name that may not have been true,” she said.
Hemingway maintains she’s not sure how much money investors pumped into the investment companies, but recalls her friendship with Selmon fading in early 2023. That’s also spelled the end of their business dealings by the end of the year.
Hemingway lays the blame at Selmon’s feet, saying she was responsible for making the investments work.
“Leading up into the fall I’m asking questions and I’m asking for receipts,” she said. “I’m asking for updates, not realizing that when our friendship dissolved, my name became a target. Forget the money my character, I can go find money any day of the week. But my reputation and my character are literally all I have.”
Hemingway said that’s when she reached out to investors to fill them in on what’s going on.
“I just told them, as vulnerable as I could, what happened,” she said. “Some received it. Some called me a liar, but at the end of the day, all I got is my God. I understand what that makes me look like. I understand that as a person who decides you want to start a business and the responsibility that it takes to be a co-founder of something, what this does to anyone who wants to continue to do this with me, I understand all of that.”
Hemingway says she is cooperating with the North Carolina Department of Justice and has turned over all of her documents.
However, her newfound clarity is water in the sand for the women now out of thousands of dollars. But Hemingway maintains she is remorseful for this whole ordeal.
“For the last three years, I apologize to anybody I brought in contact with this situation and this woman,” she said.
Months before revealing to investors their deals fell through, however, Hemingway moved back to Myrtle Beach and started a new business venture: Atlantic Beach Skate.
Yet another investment that instantly raised eyebrows.
“My biggest regret is announcing what I’m doing instead of just doing it and allowing it to come to fruition,” said Hemingway.
Hemingway realizes now that she’s not the poster child for crowdfunding, but that didn’t stop her from launching a Kickstarter account to fund a skating rink and electric car charging station in Atlantic Beach.
Though Hemingway admits she didn’t have the money, she recalls having something else.
“Sharain had a vision,” she said.
With no money and a year before her projected opening date, Hemingway held fundraising events at restaurants like Buffalo Wild Wings where she claims she collected less than $500.
By March 2024, Hemingway said there were several investors ready to go - but that’s when investors from Tega Hills Collective and Billionaire Boat Girls began sharing their stories on social media.
“Anybody in their right mind would say, ‘Hey, I know I gave you that promissory letter for X amount,” said Hemingway. “‘With everything going on is it OK if I back up for a second?’ And then that continued to happen over and over and over again.”
Hemingway said she had her initial deposit of $100,000, but assures she collected no money.
“I wanted to be sure that before I took a dollar from anybody else in my life, I can be able to truly show you what was coming,” she said.
Needless to say, Atlantic Beach Skate now sits in limbo.
“It was simply me pitching a dream,” she said. “Going into this, knowing that there was a day I can take those investors, walk into a bank - which is what should have happened with the other ones - and then walk out with the proper funding. That’s how Atlantic Beach Skate became my lesson learned.”
Reflecting on her less-than-stellar track record, Hemingway said she now clearly sees that her ideas need to reflect her bank account.
“At first, I thought that I’m not cut out for entrepreneurship. I learned that I probably should quit,” she tearfully said. “That was the first thing that I was faced with. I was faced with this was probably the first time in my life that I felt like a failure to my family. To my friends, I felt like people were ashamed of me.”
Hemingway said this would not stop her wanting to move forward.
“That doesn’t mean that I have to go into this world and not continue our entrepreneurship journey because every entrepreneur looked like a failure until they succeed. Every one of them, from Kanye [West] to Jeff Bezos to whoever. I’ll keep moving forward,” she said.
Hemingway is now selling life insurance and it’s unclear when she plans to put her Atlantic Beach Skate dream back into motion.
“My biggest mistake is that I sat down with a dream and before I opened my Bible, I opened my mouth. And I’m paying for it every day since then, " she said.
WMBF News contacted Selmon, who provided a statement saying:
“My attorney has been paying close attention to the slander and what is being said or published that is true as well as false. [The] only communication I will be sending out will be through my attorney in court. At this point no charges have been filed nor have we been served with any civil paperwork, and I will not be speaking to anyone without counsel.”
Have a news tip? Submit it to WMBF Investigates by clicking here.
Copyright 2024 WMBF. All rights reserved.