The Weeknd has announced a release date for his upcoming sixth studio album, "Hurry Up Tomorrow," which will conclude the trilogy that began with "After Hours" (2020) and continued with "Dawn FM" (2022). "Tomorrow" gets here in a couple of months, on Jan. 24, 2025.
"Hurry Up Tomorrow" was already preceded by three singles. First came "Dancing in the Flames" on Sept. 13. It peaked at No. 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. "Timeless" with Playboi Carti was released shortly thereafter on Sept. 27 and performed even better, topping out at No. 3. "São Paulo" with Anitta, which dropped Oct. 30, has only reached No. 77 thus far.
Don't expect "Hurry Up Tomorrow" to show up at the 2026 Grammys, though. The Weeknd has been boycotting the awards since they unexpectedly snubbed "After Hours" in all categories. He didn't even make the cut for the song "Blinding Lights," which was eventually named by Billboard as the top Hot 100 song of all time. So it's ironic that The Weeknd hasn't actually stopped getting nominations. While he's not entering himself for consideration, other artists are still submitting music on which he's featured. In 2022 he contended three times, including two Album of the Year bids for appearing on Kanye West's "Donda" and Doja Cat's "Planet Her." He won Best Melodic Rap Performance that year for "Hurricane," a collab with West.
This year he's nominated for Best Melodic Rap Performance again for featuring on Metro Boomin and Future's song "We Still Don't Trust You." If he wins, it'll be his fifth trophy from the Recording Academy, following victories for Best Urban Contemporary Album ("Beauty Behind the Madness") and Best R&B Performance ("Earned It") in 2016, and Best Urban Contemporary Album again ("Starboy") in 2018. That's more than most artists who want to compete at the Grammys.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media