The superstar could end up making a surprise appearance with beau Travis Kelce
It’s been nearly a decade since Taylor Swift graced the steps at the Met Gala, but could 2024 be the year she finally returns?
The last time the pop superstar attended the annual fashion mega-event at New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art was in 2016—and things were quite different for her at the time. In addition to rocking a totally different look (a bleached bob, to be exact), Swift was also carrying a bit of a chip on her shoulder, following the tabloid drama involving her forever enemies Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. (Drama that still hasn’t ceased at the time of this writing, in fact.)
At this point, the singer’s last Met Gala appearance is the stuff of myth in the Swiftverse, given that it was immortalized in “Dress,” from her 2017 album Reputation, in which she sings about meeting her now-ex-boyfriend actor Joe Alwyn for the first time: “Flashback when you met me / Your buzz cut and my hair bleached.” For that carpet (the theme was “Manus × Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology”), Swift chose a silver snakeskin dress from Louis Vuitton, which she accessorized with bandagelike boots and beautified with a deep-plum lipstick. Fans had no idea at the time, but this look would become the norm for her Reputation era.
Chances are that if Swift does attend this year’s gala—this coming Monday, May 6—she’ll be rocking her regular blonde locks, and may have her new beau, NFL star Travis Kelce, by her side. But with the European leg of her Eras Tour kicking off next week too, can the singer fit it into her impossibly busy schedule? Here’s what we know.
In the days leading up to the 2024 Met Gala, there have been conflicting reports about Swift from various sources.
This Monday, Page Six “confirmed” the singer would be present at the event. “With this year’s Met Gala just a week away, Page Six has exclusively learned that Taylor Swift will walk the red carpet on fashion’s biggest night,” reporter Mara Siegler wrote. The outlet claimed both Swift and Kelce had been invited, but said it was unclear if Kelce would accompany her.
In contrast to that report, People claimed on the same day that Swift would not be attending the lavish bash. Linking to the Page Six article, People stated: “Despite reports that she would be attending, the singer, who just dropped her Tortured Poets Department album on April 19, is sitting out fashion’s biggest night.”
As for Swift, she has remained totally mum on the matter.
One factor that might complicate things is that Swift is set to start the European leg of her world-dominating Eras Tour just a few days after the Met Gala.
After having taken the spectacle of a show—which has become the highest-grossing concert tour of all time—through the United States and to Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Japan, Australia, and Singapore, the singer will get back onstage next Thursday for the first of four shows in Paris.
When People claimed Swift wouldn’t attend the Met Gala, it was due to the forthcoming Eras shows. “She’ll be focusing on rehearsals and tour prep,” the outlet reported.
That said, the “Fortnight” singer has never let an ocean stop her from being where she wants to be. Immediately after performing four shows in Tokyo this February, she flew all the way to Las Vegas to see Kelce play in Super Bowl LVIII (in which his team, the Kansas City Chiefs, beat the San Francisco 49ers in overtime).
Since Swift has been criticized for the frequency of her private jet usage, and its immense contribution to global carbon emissions, she has been making efforts to compensate for all the travel. But don’t be surprised if she does end up at the gala and then hops over to France the next day.
And what better arena for a victory lap than the Met Gala, which attracts an audience of fashion and culture fans from all over the world? It’s been a banner couple of years for Swift, who seems to find a new record to break with each passing day.
In the past four months alone, the superstar has won her fourth Album of the Year Grammy, for 2022’s Midnights, making her the only performer to win the award four times. (It won Best Pop Vocal Album too, bringing her total to 14 Grammys.) Then she dropped her Eras Tour film on Disney+, where the three-and-a-half-hour cut of the movie—which was already the highest-grossing concert film of all time at U.S. box offices—quickly became the top concert film of all time on the streaming service.
Oh, and just this week, Swift’s new album, The Tortured Poets Department, hit number one on the Billboard 200, with one of the highest debut weeks in history for an album. The milestone marked the 14th time a new Taylor Swift album has reached the top of the chart, and it tied her with Jay-Z for solo artist with the most number-one albums in the chart’s history. (The only non-solo artist ahead of them is the Beatles, with 19.)
Not to mention, this is the first Met Gala since Swift started dating her Super Bowl champion beau, and if she and Kelce attended, it would mark the first time the two have ever walked an official red carpet together.
If Swift doesn’t walk the carpet at the Met, it will almost seem like an opportunity missed. But only time will tell what happens when the cameras start flashing on Monday. If there’s one thing we know to expect from Swift, it’s the unexpected.
The 25 Best Met Gala Dresses of All Time
Jodie Turner-Smith’s Met Gala Dress’s Deep Meaning
Adwoa Aboah Used Rihanna As Inspo for the Met Gala
Exclusive: Get Zendaya’s 2024 Met Gala Hair Look
21 Exclusive Photos from the 2024 Met Gala Parties
Why Storm Reid Wants to “Take Up Space” at the Met
Bruna Marquezine on Her “Surreal” Met Gala Debut
Kendall Jenner Is a Modern Flapper at the Met Gala
Doja Cat Wears a Wet White T-Shirt to the Met Gala
EmRata Brings Boho Festivalwear to Met Gala Party
The Best After-Party Looks From the 2024 Met Gala
BTS: Alexandra Daddario’s 2024 Met Gala Makeup
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.