By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  01:59, 8 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:11, 8 April 2024   
 117
View  comments
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori reportedly secretly rented Sting's luxury 16th century home in Tuscany last year, during their infamous holiday in Italy.
The rapper, 46, and the Yeezy architect, 29, hit the headlines several times while on holiday last summer, most notably after being pictured committing commit a lewd act on a boat in Venice.
And now it has been alleged that the pair continued their wild behaviour away from public view while staying in the country.
The Sun reports that the couple rented out singer Sting's swanky estate, Il Palagiofor, for their stay, where they threw a slew of raucous parties.
A source told the publication: 'If people thought Kanye was living it up in Italy after seeing the pictures of him and Bianca in Venice, they don’t know what was going on at Sting’s place. Kanye, Bianca and his entourage and partied hard while they were there.
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori reportedly secretly rented Sting's luxury 16th century home in Tuscany last year, during their infamous holiday in Italy (pictured Feb)
The rapper, 46, and the Yeezy architect, 29, hit the headlines several times while on holiday last summer, most notably after being pictured committing commit a lewd act on a boat in Venice (pictured in May 2023)
The Sun reports that the couple rented out singer Sting's swanky estate, Il Palagiofor, for their stay, where they threw a slew of raucous parties (couple pictured at estate)
'It’s an incredible location and totally off the beaten track, so they could throw all-night parties and make as much noise as they wanted without disturbing anyone. It was quite a scene to have Kanye and his mates take over the house, one of the most picturesque residences in all of Italy.
'Kanye stayed for most of August and September and made full use of the grounds, which includes a lake and tennis courts. People who went on the trip have talked about how insane their parties were and they’re hoping he repeats it. It was wild.'
Sting, 72, and his wife Trudie, 70, bought the run-down property in 1999, before renovating it and buying more land from the previous owner, Duke Simone Vincenzo Velluti di San Clemente.
The sprawling villa, which is 45 minutes southeast of Florence in the Chianti region, produces wine, olive oil and honey.
It boasts nine bedrooms and eight bathrooms attended by a staff of 15, and guests of the couple have included Band Aid's Sir Bob Geldof and actor Dustin Hoffman.
As well as the main house, the property has five huge cottages that can accommodate 50 guests who can use all the facilities and staff.
Landscaped grounds provide plenty of ways to keep everyone occupied, and Sting put a 10ft statue of Buddha in a chapel at the main house.
The estate also boasts a life-size chessboard, a treehouse overlooking a lake, a fountain that once belonged to actress Sophia Loren, a tennis court and swimming pool.
Sting, 72, and his wife Trudie, 70, bought the run-down property in 1999, before renovating it and buying more land from the previous owner, Duke Simone Vincenzo Velluti di San Clemente (pictured in 2015)
It boasts nine bedrooms and eight bathrooms attended by a staff of 15, and g uests of the couple have included Band Aid's Sir Bob Geldof and actor Dustin Hoffman
As well as the main house, the property has five huge cottages that can accommodate 50 guests who can use all the facilities and staff
The property is available to rent out, with up to 200 partygoer able to enjoy the 900-acre Italian estate's attractions which include bee hives and its own, woods, lake and kitchen garden
Eco-friendly honey, virgin olive oil and, of course, wine are all produced on the 900-acre estate.
Having replanted the old vineyards, the estate now produces four of its own wines. A case of 2016 vintage 'Message in a Bottle' red costs £175.
'Il Palagio is more than a vacation home for Trudie and Sting,' the property's website reads. 'It is a passion.
And a sanctuary. It is where they have gone for years to find peace and return to a simpler way of life.'
The property is available to rent out, with up to 200 partygoer able to enjoy the 900-acre Italian estate's attractions which include bee hives and its own, woods, lake and kitchen garden. 
But those who want to book the home for events, holidays or weddings will need to have plenty of cash, as the six cottages housing 50 guests cost €7,000 (£6,000) a week each to rent in 2015.
It comes after Bianca was recently said to be growing tired of being used as a 'free marketing tool' for Kanye's upcoming album, according to sources who claim she is feeling 'overexposed.'
Kanye has been blasted in recent months for sharing provocative images of the Australian designer on social media, raising questions over whether or not she is being 'controlled' by the controversial rapper.
It comes after Bianca was recently said to be growing tired of being used as a 'free marketing tool' for Kanye's upcoming album, according to sources who claim she is feeling 'overexposed' 
Kanye has been blasted in recent months for sharing provocative images of the Australian designer on social media, raising questions over whether or not she is being 'controlled' by the controversial rapper
Insiders have claimed that despite loving the attention, Bianca herself is starting to feel used and is struggling with Kanye 'pushing for more' ahead of the release of the delayed Vultures 2.
'She needs a break and needs to step back,' a source told DailyMail.com exclusively. 'She loved the attention but it is getting overwhelming and Kanye keeps pushing and pushing for more, more, more leading up to the release of Vultures 2.'
The insider explained that the former Yeezy employee was aware that she had been 'overexposed' and was now keen to take a step back and focus on starting a family.
'She feels like he is using her as a free marketing tool – as does everyone else,' they said. 'These past couple of months have been an experience, but she really wants to focus on having children after the album drops. She knows she is overexposed.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group