Kim Kardashian’s rumoured romance with sister Khloe Kardashian’s ex Odell Beckham Jr. is reportedly getting serious.
The Skims founder, 43, has been linked to the Baltimore Ravens player, 31, since September, following his break-up from Lauren ‘Lolo’ Wood. While Kim and Odell have never commented on their rumoured relationship, insiders claim the couple have been keeping their relationship “low-key” while they navigate the publicity surrounding their romance.
A source has claimed the pair are trying to figure out the next steps of their romance after things started heating up. They said Odell is “much more private” than Kim, who has lived most of her life in the spotlight, and the new couple are enjoying each other's company.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Kanye blasted as fans say North is being ‘forced’ into the spotlight
According to Us Weekly, the mother-of-four is “more accustomed to the limelight”, but the source claimed she’s willing to keep her budding romance with Odell out of the limelight. The NFL star has been “hanging out casually” with Kim since September, and they were reportedly getting close at his birthday party, with the source confirming the romance has been “blossoming longer than people thought - for like a year”. They were then spotted at a CFDA Awards afterparty in November, and the rumour mill went into overdrive again last week, when Kim and Odell were pictured leaving Jay-Z’s pre-Grammys party in West Hollywood.
They even wore matching all-black outfits, and while they were photographed arriving and leaving the party separately, TMZ reported they met up in the parking garage in her Range Rover with blacked out windows. A security guard was spotted standing guard next to the vehicle, and it was rumoured Kim and Odell briefly met in secret to keep their relationship away from the paparazzi. While Us Weekly reported Kim and Odell arrived to the party together, but switched to separate cars just before pulling up to the venue.
However, Odell was first linked to Kim’s sister Khloe, years before the couple began dating. Back in 2016, Khloe and Odell were photographed cosying up together at Drake’s star-studded party over Memorial Day weekend in the US. The NFL star had his arms around the Good American founder, but any rumours of a romance were promptly shut down. Khloe even took to Twitter to confirm it was just harmless flirting, as she posted: “It’s not that deep.”
Odell began dating model Lauren Wood in 2019, and the pair welcomed a son, Zydn, in February 2022. However, they split last year, and the football player wasn’t single for long, as he was linked to Kim just a few months later.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.