Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				Censori turned heads at the 67th Grammys with an all-nude outfit, posing alongside West. Learn everything you need to know about the architect here.			

5 Things

Kanye “Ye” West and Bianca Censori have become one of the most highly publicized celebrity couples, and they’ve continued to make headlines recently. At the 67th Grammys, Censori shocked onlookers when she removed her coat to reveal a completely nude look, sporting a see-through dress while posing next to the rapper.
Find out everything you need to know about Censori here.
While it’s not clear when Kanye and Bianca began seeing each other, the pair have been colleagues for a few years now. Bianca has been working as an architectural designer for Kanye’s Yeezy brand since November 2020, and her LinkedIn page says that she’s also the head of architecture at the company, but it’s not clear how long she’s held that title. Before joining Yeezy, Bianca was a student architect at DP Toscano Architects in Australia from July 2017 to June 2020.
Before kicking off her career,  Bianca spent years studying architecture. She was an undergrad student at the University of Melbourne from 2013 to 2017, and she returned to her college to get her master’s degree in architecture from 2019 to 2020, per her LinkedIn page.
The two reportedly tied the knot in December 2022.
The 47-year-old West married the 30-year-old Australian architect nearly two months after his divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalized in 2022. Sources close to the rapper revealed at the time that the couple tied the knot in a private ceremony but chose not to file a marriage certificate to make their wedding legal, according to TMZ.
West and Kardashian finalized their divorce after seven years of marriage, following their separation in 2021.
While the news of Ye and Bianca’s relationship may have come as a surprise to many, the two were spotted sharing a meal at the Beverly Hills Waldorf Astoria in January 2023. Sitting in a booth together, Bianca was seen with newly blonde hair. The couple also reportedly celebrated their marriage with a honeymoon at the Amangiri resort in Utah, according to DailyMail.
Kanye has never shied away from addressing his personal life in his music, and while his recent output has been sparse, he did drop a song with his new wife’s last name in the title on his Instagram in December, per The Source. The track “Censori Overload,” which has also been called “Someday We’ll All Be Free,” is seemingly a reference to his new bride, and while it doesn’t include lines referencing the architect, there are a few lines that reference marriage. “Wakin’ up to ‘I can’t do this anymore’ texts/And the Bible said I can’t have any more sex ’til marriage,” Kanye raps at the start of the song, via Genius.
Before becoming an architect, Bianca owned the company Nylons Jewellery while she was in college from August 2013 to July 2017. It’s not clear what type of products the company sold, as the website appears to be defunct now.
“It’s very exciting news for both my sister and the family but we choose to have some privacy for the time being,” Bianca’s sister told Herald Sun. A cousin of the bride added that she’s “super happy for them both.”
However, that seemed to change by late 2023 after multiple reports surfaced claiming that Bianca’s loved ones “begged” her to reevaluate her and Kanye’s relationship.


					Kanye West: See Pics Of The Rapper				

Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect