Noah Cyrus has been slammed for 'copying Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori' after posing in a series of see-through outfits.
The younger sister of pop star Miley Cyrus gave fans an eyeful on her Instagram page as she posed in a raunchy sheer dress with a plunging front wearing just a thing underneath and leaving very little to the imagination. Noah, 24, exposed her bare chest with her nipples showing through the sheer fabric in the look reminiscent of those worn by Bianca.
Noah had her head covered with a hoodie and bleached eyebrows for the suggestive snaps as she placed her tattooed hand across her body. A second image saw her covering one of her nipples with her legs crossed as she smouldered into the camera.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Bianca Censori's sister goes braless in see-through Yeezy shirt by Kanye West
The look comes after Noah previously exposed her body in sheer fabric at Paris Fashion Week early in April. She wore an all balck dress with her nipples poking through the light fabric for the Yohji Yamamoto Menswear Spring/Summer show.
Critics compared Noah's look to Bianca in an online forum where they slammed the risque fashion look. One wrote: "Miley Cyrus' sister is dressed like Kanye’s wife." Another scathed: "I never thought I was a prude, but I am pretty tired of seeing everyone’s full-on breasts all the time in fashion."
A third social media user said: "[Noah] is going to keep doing stuff like this because literally nobody cares about her or what she is doing, and she lives in her sister’s shadow." A fourth social media user offered: "Why is Noah dressed just like Bianca. Trying way to hard to be controversial at this point."
A fifth said: "As if putting up with Bianca's constant nudity isn't enough now she's jumped on the bandwagon too. Yuk." Bianca is well known for her extremely provocative clothing choices regularly going underwear free under sheer fabrics as she steps out with Kanye.
Just last week she shocked fans by wearing yet another revealing outfit for a visit to Disneyland. The couple were spotted at Disney's park in Los Angeles on Tuesday April 16, with fans questioning the company's dress code policies. Bianca was pictured wearing an extremely tight nude dress, putting on a leggy display as she held Ye's hand.
Bianca's dress featured a front covering draped over her front – it didn't appear to cover the back. Her hair was done in her signature slicked back style, wearing a natural face of make-up. Ye, as usual, kept covered up, changing up his all-black ensemble in white.
Pictures of their outing were shared on Instagram, with some saying Bianca's get-up was too inappropriate for Disneyland. "Any non-celebrity would not be able to wear that in the parks," commented one user. While another asked: "They let her in like that?"
A third wrote: "Doesn’t Disney have a dress code." While someone else said: "If other people dressed like that they’d make her wear Disney clothes to cover up. BOOOO."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.