Nearly five years after the release of his last album, 2019's Ghostface Killahs, Ghostface Killah returned on Friday with his latest full-length offering Set the Tone.
Released through Mass Appeal Records, the 19-track LP features guest appearances from the artist formerly known as Kanye West ("No Face"), Nas ("Scar Tissue"), Method Man ("Pair of Hammers"), Raekwon ("Skate Odyssey"), Fat Joe ("Cape Fear"), Ja Rule ("Bad Bitch"), AZ ("Locked In"), Busta Rhymes ("Shots"), and more.
Ghost's collaboration with Ye is a standout, as the pair trade verses over an EZ Elpee-produced beat, which results in one of Ye's best featured verses in years.
"Me and Ghost in a ski mask/I was chillin' there, layin', Chilean like sea bass," Kanye opens his verse.
"No Face" is the third collaboration between Ghostface and Ye, following 2006's "Back Like That (Remix)" and 2012's "New God Flow."
Ghost hopped on Instagram to celebrate his latest release by thanking everyone who lent a guest verse to the album.
“Thank you to everyone who helped put this project together and every talented artist that jump in the fire with me !!” Tony Starks wrote on Instagram.
Stream "No Face" and Set the Tone now on all major streaming platforms.
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
Ghostface Killah Shares Photo of Him and 'Old Crush' Nia Long Embracing
music | BY Mackenzie Cummings-Grady
Ghostface Killah Has Received His Own Day in NYC
music | BY Brad Callas
Ghostface Killah Says He Wants to Link With Silk Sonic for Collaborative Project 
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.