Kanye West and Bianca Censori aren't known for playing it safe, but their latest potential move risks blurring the couple's boundaries, according to an expert.
The duo are often snapped in risque outfits with Kanye usually looking dominant the appearances. However, recent snaps - while still in revealing attire - showed the couple's relationship might be moving to a new level. In images last week, Bianca was seen entering Yeezy headquarters holding what looked to be an architect's sketchbook.
This led to many querying if Bianca was going back to her architect role in the company that she acquired before dating the rapper. However, a relationship expert has claimed that despite their past dynamics, combining their personal and working relationships at this time could see them create a "power imbalance".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Lenny Kravitz's celibacy journey sparks debate as Ice-T labels it 'weird'
Relationship expert Louella Alderson told the Mirror: "Given that they met when Bianca worked for Yeezy, their relationship started off as a professional one and it's possible that some of those dynamics have carried over into their personal relationship. There may be a level of formality and structure in their interactions, as opposed to the more relaxed and intimate dynamic that is often associated with romantic relationships."
While this is the case, she said that there could also be negative factors if the two are working closer together again. "Bianca's voice may be heard more in the creative process, allowing for a more equal working dynamic," Louella explained.
"However, working closely together can also lead to an imbalance of power and possible conflicts if there are differences in opinions or decision-making styles. Given Kanye's strong personality, this is likely a dynamic that Bianca has to navigate in their working relationship. Due to the unequal power dynamic that appears to be present, Bianca may feel like she has less control and influence in their relationship."
Louella continued: "In terms of their personal relationship, working together can also blur the boundaries between work and personal life, potentially causing strain on the couple's dynamic and leading to burnout or resentment if they are constantly discussing work-related matters. However, when it comes to Kanye and Bianca's relationship, there has appeared to be an underlying professional aspect to it from the beginning, so they may be used to managing this dynamic by now."
Louella Alderson is a relationship expert who spoke to The Mirror on behalf of the So Syncd dating app.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.