Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
It looks like Kim Kardashian may have a major update in her love life.
The 44-year-old reality icon "has started dating someone new," a source told Us Weekly in an article published on Wednesday, December 11. However, unlike the majority of her past relationships, this time, Kardashian is "keeping it very under wraps."
While the insider did not reveal the identity of Kardashian's mystery man, they noted that the Skims founder has "said the next person she dates will be someone who isn't famous."
Kardashian's new relationship comes eight months after her split from reported fling Odell Beckham Jr., to whom she was first romantically linked in September 2023. Prior to her romance with Beckham Jr., she famously dated Pete Davidson for nine months following her 2021 separation from ex-husband Kanye West. (Kardashian and West, 47, finalized their divorce in November 2022.)
Ever since her split from Beckham Jr. in April, the KKW Beauty founder felt "empowered by staying single for so long," the source told Us Weekly. For Kardashian, that meant becoming "way more involved in her company [Skims] and put a ton of effort into her recent launches."
Her career goals haven't stopped there, the insider noted.
"Kim is planning to spend the next year focusing on preparing for the bar exam," the source explained, adding that Kardashian is looking forward to her new role in Ryan Murphy All's Fair. "Kim's having fun with her acting roles right now." (Kardashian has previously worked with the famed showrunner on multiple series.)
Last but not least, the Kardashian is also focused on raising her four children — North, 11, Saint, 10, Chicago, 6, and Psalm 5 — whom she shares with West.
Last month, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum got candid about feeling like she is raising her four kids alone.
"Sometimes in the middle of the night, when they're all sleeping in your bed kicking you and crying and waking up — it's not something that I talk about a lot because I feel like there is always a lot of judgment or people always will jump to the, 'Oh, but you have the resources to have nannies and to have help,'" she shared on the What in the Winkler?! podcast. "And I just think that no matter what kind of help I have, basically raising four kids by myself."
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC