Ever since Kanye West made his romance with Bianca Censori public, they have commanded attention with their shocking PDA moments, and even more daring outfit choices.
The Grammy-winner, 47, secretly married the 29-year-old at the end of 2022, shortly after his divorce to Kim Kardashian was finalized – and to say that they have been inseparable ever since would be a complete understatement.
Rarely does a week go by when the couple aren’t running around an exotic location while being draped in the most bizarre outfits we’ve ever laid our eyes on.
As the Yeezy architect showed off one of her riskiest looks to date this week, by flashing her breasts in a very sheer top, we couldn’t help but take a wander down memory lane, checking out her wildest wardrobe moments over their romance.
Beware, some of these are not for the fainthearted…
Last June, shortly after they went public with their bond, Bianca started raising eyebrows with her unique take on fashion.
She joined the Gold Digger rapper and his youngest son, Psalm, for a day out but made sure that all attention was on her, donning an all-over black bodysuit that covered her head and hands, which she paired with black boots and a long dress – complete with a huge gauze brace that looked very similar to a Formula One car tire…
While the restrictive choice made headlines at the time, it looks positively normal now, compared to some of the outfits that came after it.
It’s fair to say that Kanye and Bianca caused more than a stir in Italy after pictures of their very PDA-heavy boat ride went viral, leading to a warning from tourism officials.
In pictures from the getaway, Bianca also modelled a see-through bodysuit with her nipples visible underneath, before heading out for the evening.
The snaps showed her grinning widely, also wearing bright white heels while her beau ditched his shoes altogether, going shoeless for the evening.
This didn’t go down well with residents, who immediately called for them to be arrested for disrespecting their local culture.
The couple clearly started 2024 as they meant to go on in terms of eye-catching fashions, with one tiny ensemble resembling a Dorito.
Kanye baffled many when he uploaded a string of videos on social media, showing Bianca simply dressed in a flimsy piece of beige material, held together by nothing but a tiny string of fabric between her legs and two straps over her shoulders.
It didn’t seem as though the Australia native was completely comfortable with the risqué option, as she was filmed adjusting her figure and rearranging the garment to cover more of her body.
In April, she ditched those scraps of fabric – and possibly her underwear – altogether and decided to don an entirely see-through outfit.
She made the most of the LA sunshine by picking out a strapless, sheer dress that showed off her breasts – a head-turning option that she has attempted in the past.
Bianca teamed the midi-dress with dark pink knee-length socks, and some shiny pink sandals.
It seems as though those in Hollywood are used to the couple and barely batted an eye as they walked down the street for their date night.
That all changed on one of her latest outings in the city, as she modelled a teeny tiny bikini to make sure that she steered clear of any pesky tan lines.
Earlier this month, she opted for a metallic silver bikini top – which was basically nothing more than two triangles covering her nipples, held together by thin straps.
She wasn’t that keen on the matching bottoms, instead choosing high-waisted nude shorts, and a camouflage print cap.
Bianca kept her phone clutched in her hands and finished off her barely-there look with Perspex heels.
Days later, she abandoned that miniscule swimsuit and instead proudly bared her breasts on her way out of a tanning session in LA.
Bianca kept that camo cap firmly on, and mostly over her face, but switched things up with a long-sleeve, totally sheer nude top.
Considering how hot the weather has been lately, we can’t imagine how sticky that shirt would’ve become within seconds…
Remaining unbothered, she flashed her legs in off-white shorts and grey heels, before climbing into her car.
Although Bianca is clearly no stranger to boundary-pushing appearances, this could actually be her riskiest one yet as she risked a huge fine just by leaving the house.
According to the law, California penal code 314(1) criminalizes indecent exposure (willfully exposing your genitals) when it has the intent of sexual gratification or to offend the other person.
The maximum penalty is six months in county jail, a fine of up to $1,000, and mandatory registration as a sex offender for at least ten years…
Let’s hope no one complained…
Unfortunately for Bianca, not all of her looks have gone to plan as she has suffered some hugely risqué wardrobe malfunctions while modelling the increasingly eye-catching garments.
Just last month, she was pictured making her way into a swanky restaurant in France, while in the city of lights to check out Paris Fashion Week shows.
Away from the catwalks, Bianca was dressed to impress in knee-length beige trousers – which resembled long strips of tape put together.
the Yeezy star decided against wearing a top for the outing and instead opted for racy masking tape-style suspenders tucked into her trousers, which covered her nipples but left her breasts exposed.
However, she narrowly avoided causing an awkward scene as some of the tape began peeling away from her trousers as she climbed out of the car on her way into the venue.
Many fans have voiced their concern for the model, with some suggesting that Kanye could be ‘humiliating’ her after appearing very covered-up compared to her barely-there outfits – something neither have addressed publicly.
It was also claimed that Bianca’s parents were fearing the worst for their daughter and could no longer ‘recognize’ her – with those closest to her said to be ‘mortified’ by the pictures.
‘Her family and friends are mortified because it just keeps getting worse and worse,’ an insider previously told DailyMail.com. ‘Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognise her.’
Bianca’s dad, Leo Censori, allegedly wanted ‘a proper sit down with Kanye and ask him what the hell he is thinking when he parades Bianca around like a trashy naked trophy pony.’
‘He wants to ask Kanye what he would do if his daughters North, or Chicago, were seen in public half-naked in outfits encouraged by their husbands,’ they added.
‘He knows that there is no way in hell that Kanye would allow this for his daughters so it makes no sense why he would encourage this for his own wife.’
However, Bianca’s sister stepped in to share that this couldn’t be further from the truth, insisting that their family has nothing but support for the lovebirds.
‘We all support him. We support his new album. We support his new clothes he’s dropping,’ Angelina told the Herald Sun.
‘It’s all just bulls**t. There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing’s true.’
Noted.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: SheerLuxe defend ‘insulting’ AI influencer insisting they’ll ‘keep innovating’
Arrow
MORE: Angelina Jolie calls on Brad Pitt to ‘end the fighting’ as lawsuit enters third year
Arrow
MORE: Jack Black reveals the ‘sell-out’ controversial film he regrets making