Now 
49
 Mon 
68
 Tue 
74
by JESSICA A. BOTELHO | The National Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TND)  — Ozzy Osbourne has accused Ye, a rapper who was formerly known as Kanye West, of using his music without permission.
The "Prince of Darkness" made the allegations on social media, saying he does not want to be associated with Ye.
Osbourne's wife, Sharon, who has managed her husband for years, also posted about the allegations the following day. She called Ye "an anti-Semitic fool who spews his rhetoric out into the world."
She added that Ye "f**ked with the wrong dude this time."
However, she has since deleted her post.
Ye, who legally changed his name in 2021, recently defended Adolf Hitler during an interview on an episode of Alex Jones's "Infowars." West told Jones that Hitler seemed "like a cool guy” while also saying the Holocaust never happened.
He was later kicked off Twitter, now called X, after posting an image that was apparently a combination of a swastika and the Jewish Star of David.
His remarks also caused him to lose partnerships with several big brands, including Adidas.
Ye went on to apologize for his comments.
Meanwhile, Osbourne is among the 2024 nominees for induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
Other artists who were nominated includeMary J. Blige, Mariah Carey, Cher, Lenny Kravitz, the late Sinéad O’Connor, as well as several others.
"Continuing in the true spirit of rock ‘n’ roll, these artists have created their own sounds that have impacted generations and influenced countless others that have followed in their footsteps,” said John Sykes, Chairman of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Foundation in a statement.
Ten of the 15 nominees are on the ballot for the first time, including Carey, Cher, Foreigner, Frampton, Kool & the Gang, Kravitz, Oasis, O’Connor, Osbourne and Sade. Sade, whose 1980s soft rock hits include “Smooth Operator” and “The Sweetest Taboo,” is having a moment, having last year been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Carey, with 19 No. 1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100, Blige with eight multi-platinum albums and nine Grammy Awards, and Cher — the only artist to have a No. 1 song in each of the past six decades — would help boost the number of women in the hall.
________
EDITOR'S NOTE: The Associated Press contributed to this report.