Photo: Getty Images
DJ Clark Kent, a groundbreaking producer who crafted hits for The Notorious B.I.G., Mariah Carey and others, has passed away. In a statement posted on Instagram Friday, October 25, his family announced that Clark Kent, born Rodolfo A. Franklin, succumbed to complications from his three-year battle with colon cancer. He was 58.
“It is with deep sadness that we share the passing of the beloved Rodolfo A. Franklin, known to the world as DJ Clark Kent,” the statement reads. "Clark passed away Thursday evening surrounded by his devoted wife Kesha, daughter Kabriah and son Antonio,”
“Clark quietly and valiantly fought a three year battle with Colon Cancer, while continuing to share his gifts with the world. The family is grateful for everyone’s love, support and prayers during this time and ask for privacy as they process this immense loss.”
DJ Clark Kent got his start in the music industry in the 1980s as a DJ and prominent producer. In addition to crafting hits for Troop, Junior M.A.F.I.A., the late Biggie Smalls, and others, Kent also played a key role in his childhood friend JAY-Z’s career. He introduced Hov to Damon Dash, who went on to form Roc-a-Fella Records with Kareem “Biggs” Burke in 1994. Clark Kent also put Hov on to his cousin Foxy Brown. They eventually joined forces on “Ain’t No N***a,” which is second single off JAY-Z’s debut album Reasonable Doubt. He produced several memorable songs on the album including “Coming of Age" featuring Memphis Bleek, “Brooklyn’s Finest” featuring Biggie and "Cashmere Thoughts." The Panamanian-American beatmaker went on to produce other hits for Rick Ross, Ice Cube, Kanye West and more. Clark Kent was also a revered sneaker enthusiast. He collaborated with Nike several times for various colorways of their iconic "Air Force 1 Low DJ Clark Kent." "His impact on the world of sneakers is beyond measure, with an influence that spans the globe and generations," Nike said in a statement. "Clark’s legacy will forever inspire future talent, leaving a lasting mark on our industry. Our hearts go out to Clark’s family, friends, and all those touched by his extraordinary talent, passion, and kindness. His presence will be greatly missed.”Rest in peace, DJ Clark Kent. See reactions from the Hip-Hop community below.