AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The Super Bowl champion also shoots his shot at the “Pound Town” hitmaker.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Sexyy Red and Antonio Brown aimed at each other on social media. The two celebrities engaged in a meme-vs-meme clash this week.
The exchange began after Antonio Brown reacted to a clip of Sexyy Red dancing to the theme song of WWE legend Shawn Michaels. In response, Brown posted a drawing of children covering their mouths with a caption that read, “oooo b#### it stank.”
Sexyy Red fired back at Antonio Brown. The St. Louis native made fun of the speculation that the former NFL player could suffer from the brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).
Her meme attack featured images of a “Normal Brain” and a brain with “Advanced CTE.” In addition, Red posted a sketch of a drooling cartoon man in a helmet trying to put a cube in a circular hole.
https://t.co/NpYDl76lzk pic.twitter.com/XX2mh59szc
Brown addressed Sexyy Red’s visual diss. The athlete/rapper also known as AB replied, “If I know one thing, it’s getting it in the right hole. #CTESPN Call me.”
Sexyy Red started the first quarter of 2024 by releasing another potential hit record with “Get It Sexyy.” She previously charted on the Billboard Hot 100 with “Pound Town” and “SkeeYee.”
Antonio Brown joined the Pittsburgh Steelers following the 2010 NFL draft. He infamously left the league during the 2021 season while playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Brown also releases music. The 35-year-old Miami native recently teased a “Put That S### On” remix featuring Kanye West.
If I know one thing its getting it in the right hole #CTESPN call me
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity