Amber Rose never wanted to be known for her sexuality — but ex Kanye West had different plans.
During Thursday’s episode of “Just B with Bethenny Frankel,” the model claimed the “Heartless” rapper pushed her to dress sexier after their tumultuous relationship began in 2008.
“I am conservative actually,” the 40-year-old said. “I have always been conservative since I was young.”
However, Rose said she was turned into “this sexpot type of girl” once she rose to fame while dating West, 46.
“That was my first relationship with a celebrity ever but also in the public eye,” she explained. “And he knows a lot about fashion and he always wanted me to dress very sexy.”
The model explained that she was “young” and impressionable and went along with it despite knowing it wasn’t a reflection of her true self. 
Even after she and the controversial rapper split in 2010, Rose said she couldn’t shake her “sexy” image and felt “pigeonholed” into one category. 
“So when I was out on my own — without my first relationship that kind of brought me to the light — that’s what they wanted from me.”
And when Rose tried “to go against the grain,” she detailed that she was often met with backlash. 
“I would have producers saying, ‘We want to do this video for MTV and we want you at the pool, with a bikini on, martini in your hand.’ And I’m like, ‘Ugh, I’m so not her.’ Like I’m so not her and I get what I come off as but I am so not her.'”
“And they’re like, ‘Well I guess you don’t want to do it then.'”
Rose told Frankel that she “cringes” when she looks back at her early years in the spotlight and all the things she had to sacrifice. 
“It was like I remember fighting so hard to not be that person and no one would let me,” she said.
For more Page Six you love…
The controversial rapper has a long history of dressing the women he dates, from Rose to ex-wife Kim Kardashian and now his new wife, Bianca Censori. 
While West has always fitted his partners in provocative looks, he seems to have stepped it up a notch when it comes to Censori’s wardrobe. 
The former Yeezy architect, 29, has stepped out in scandalous looks — often consisting of nothing more than sheer body stockings — so many times that her father, Leo Censori, reportedly plans to confront the “Jesus Walks” rapper. 
Leo is planning to have “a proper sit down with Kanye and ask him what the hell he is thinking when he parades Bianca around like a trashy naked trophy pony,” per the Daily Mail. 
“He wants to ask Kanye what he would do if his daughters North, or Chicago, were seen in public half-naked in outfits encouraged by their husbands,” their source added. 
Despite fears that West is using fashion to “control” his wife, an insider close to the couple recently told us that Censori is totally on board with the provocative outfits. 
“People are confusing Bianca’s creativity,” the source told Page Six. “She is a phenomenal personality, a phenomenal actor, who can entertain the public. She’s a performance artist. Bianca is as much a performer as Ye is.”
Advertisement