By
In 2021, André 3000 and Ye united for the emotionally charged “Life of the Party,” a track that later appeared on the expanded edition of West’s Donda album. 
André 3000 made a rare appearance on The New York Times’ Popcast on Dec. 21, captivating the newsroom with a live performance before sitting for an in-depth, nearly 90-minute interview. Reports indicate that he also clarified his collaboration with Ye on “Life of the Party,” dispelling rumors and providing a fresh perspective on the track’s origins. Having both lost their mothers, André and Ye found common ground as the Atlanta star revealed that the album’s dedication to Ms. Donda West motivated him to reflect on his own grief. 
Dre stated, “I was speaking as if I’m speaking to his mom to tell a message to my mom.” “That song opened me up to say things that I couldn’t have said without Kanye.” Ye insisted on keeping the project free of profanity, prompting the Outkast icon to suggest removing his verse entirely, as he couldn’t stand behind releasing only sanitized versions of such a powerful track.
Three stacks said, “Ye was at a point where he didn’t want any curse words on the album and I said, ‘Yeah I’m cool with it.’ I’m totally fine with no curse words.” “But take me off the song because I’d written it a certain way. I was cool with beeped versions, but you have to put the dirty version of it out too.” He further elaborated, “He told me, ‘I told my daughter that I would not have any curse words on the album,’ I said, ‘Yeah, man, the kids for sure. So just take me off.’” 
Additionally, he acknowledged that he was aware of Ye’s intention to confront Drake during their feud on the track, but advised him to reconsider if this was the appropriate time for it.
Dre stated, “I heard the diss part.” “Me and Kanye had a convo about it. I had my feelings about it. I was like, ‘Man, do you really want to do this on this type of song? It’s like going and shooting up your mom’s funeral.’” “Life of the Party” surfaced on streaming platforms in November 2021, climbing to No. 3 on the Hot Gospel Songs chart and securing the No. 47 spot on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs list. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97