e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The recent National Association of Black Journalists conference in Chicago, which hosted “A Conservation with Former President Donald Trump,” the Republican Party’s presidential nominee proved to be quite a disappointment.
For many Black Americans, viewing the event was a waste of time and a missed opportunity for those who wanted to hear about Trump’s specific policies and platform for the Black community.
The journalists who fielded questions to Trump were Rachel Scott from ABC News, Kadia Goba from Semafor, and Harris Faulkner of Fox News. Some viewers noted the absence of a Black male reporter.
Before introducing Trump, Scott stated that the event has been a decade-long tradition for journalists to discuss the policies with candidates running for president and the impact of those policies, especially in Black communities. The session isn’t only to help journalists with reporting but also to inform voters of their choices in a consequential and “historical” year, she added.
Scott also said that Vice President Kamala Harris had a scheduling conflict and would meet with NABJ in person or virtually in September.
Scott’s question, the first of the afternoon, began with a statement Trump made questioning the birthplaces of former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley and former president Barack Obama, telling four female congressional representatives of color who were immigrants to the United States to go back to where they came from, saying derogatory comments towards a Black journalist, and dining with a White supremacist at his Mar-a-Lago resort.
The question: “Now that you’re asking Black voters to vote for you, why should Black voters trust you after you have used language like that?”
Scott presented the statement and question using an attacking tone, immediately putting Trump on the defensive. While I’m aware of many of Trump’s derogatory statements and behavior, journalists, while human, are still expected to set the tone of a professional interview and set aside their biases. Journalists are also trained to phrase questions so they don’t appear accusatory.
From that point on, the conversation seemed to go downhill, doing a disservice to Black Americans who were interested in hearing policy talk from Trump. Many viewers wanted the journalists to hold Trump’s feet to the fire to find out his specific agenda for Black Americans should he re-enter the Oval Office.
Trump criticized Scott for being rude. He attempted to match his energy with hers, taking much of the time away from the event.
Despite Scott shaking his hand when he came to the stage, Trump noted he didn’t receive a hello or introduction from her first.
He graciously accepted their invitation, as he said, in good spirit, knowing that he was entering what could be considered hostile territory.
In his response, Trump said he loves the Black population, mentioning his accomplishments while president that benefited Black people. He believes he has been the best president for Black people since Abraham Lincoln. Scott interjected that it was Lyndon B. Johnson, although some Black Americans believe the Civil Rights Bill signed by the 36th president weakened the community.
Regarding the first question, journalists should thoroughly research the topics they plan to discuss before an interview. From my recollection, Trump told the migrant women who were Americans to return to their home countries if they hated America. I’m not defending the comment.
In 2022, it was reported that Ye, the rapper formerly known as Kanye West, invited Nike Fuentes and two other guests to have dinner with Trump at Mar-a-Largo if this is the incident Scott was questioning. When asked about it at the time, Trump said he hadn’t invited the guests and was unaware of Fuentes’ background as a nationalist and antisemite.
During the conversation, Scott asked Trump about Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) and to stop Republicans and his supporters from dismissing Vice President Harris as a DEI candidate because she’s a Black woman.
Trump asked Scott for her interpretation of DEI. Instead, she told him what the letters stood for.
As for his comment about the racial identity of Vice President Harris, some Black people are raising questions about her true ancestry. Others believe she switches in and out of identifying as Black when convenient, leaning more toward her Indian roots.
Nonetheless, Harris is an immigrant who stands on the shoulders of foundational Black people whose blood, sweat, and tears saturated the soil of slavery and oppression in the United States. Their sacrifice made it possible for her to occupy the highest office in the United States.
While these descendants haven’t ascended yet to the position of president or vice president of the United States, her success represents a tremendous feat.
Other questions revolved around Trump’s running mate, J.D. Vance, and his past comments, as well as his intention to ring in prosecutors when he’s being prosecuted, the abortion issue, and whether or not he would be willing to take a cognitive test. Trump said he would leave office if he could no longer fulfill the role.
The January 6 insurrection was another topic asked of a journalist.
Faulkner of Fox News presented relevant questions to Trump in a professional and skilled manner. Trump discussed inflation, interest rates, and illegal immigration. Right in Chicago, residents, primarily Black Americans, have become frustrated with migrants flooding their neighborhoods with already limited resources, cutting into America’s government services.
I’m glad one of the other journalists, Goba, mentioned Sonya Massey to Trump, who a law enforcement officer murdered. Trump indicated he hadn’t seen enough of the video to comment, but he didn’t like what he saw so far.
The conversation abruptly ended before Trump could answer about Project 2025. Black viewers wanted to know Trump’s stance on reparations since he said the concept was interesting while in office. What about “The Platinum Plan,” which focuses on opportunity, security, prosperity, and fairness for Black Americans? They wanted to know his position concerning an Anti-Black Hate Crime Bill and even qualified immunity for law enforcement officers.
Absolutely, Trump made false statements during the conversation. Still, too much time was devoted to irrelevant questions that could have been addressed in other forums.
A lot of the conversation with Trump seemed to have been confrontational, resulting in a loss for many in the Black community in a forum that was supposed to be exclusively for Black people.
— Danette Mitchell is a social issues advocate and 2022 Women of the Year Congressional Award Recipient. E-mail: damitchell@earthlink.net 
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group