We all saw this one coming.
“Saturday Night Live” went after Sean “Diddy” Combs during the “Weekend Update” portion of last night’s episode following the rapper’s arrest for sex trafficking and racketeering.  
“It was reported that the U.S. added 245,000 new jobs. Unfortunately, they were all ‘Diddy accuser,’” Michael Che joked during the segment, as a photo of Combs, 54, popped up on the screen.
Che, 41, continued, “It was announced that Sean ‘P Diddy’ Combs’ sex trafficking case has been assigned to a new judge. One that Diddy hopes is cool with rapes.” 
Colin Jost then took his turn to swipe at Combs — and he also dragged Prince Andrew into the mess.
“It was reported that Diddy once invited Prince Harry and Prince William to one of his parties, but they did not go,” said Jost, 42.
“Although before Diddy could even finish writing the invite, Prince Andrew was there,” the comedian added.
Combs was arrested Sept. 16 at a New York City hotel and charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution.
Federal prosecutors unsealed a 14-page indictment with allegations that Combs hosted “freak offs” — “elaborate and produced” sex parties that he would allegedly lure women to participate in for his enjoyment and that of his guests. 
Combs has also been accused of sexually assaulting more than 100 people, including a 9-year-old.
The famous music producer pleaded not guilty on all counts. He remains behind bars at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, awaiting his next court appearance scheduled for Oct. 9.
Following Combs’ arrest, a 2011 interview from “The Graham Norton Show” resurfaced where Combs said Prince William, 42 and Prince Harry, 40, went to his parties when they were “young bucks.”
However, royal author Christopher Andersen claimed that the now-estranged brothers “wisely turned down” the invites to Combs’ fêtes.
“As young bachelors, William and Harry might easily have said yes and attended one of Diddy’s wild parties. Thanks to their palace handlers, they dodged a bullet there,” Anderson told Fox News.
William and Harry were previously photographed with the scandal-scarred musician in 2007 at an after-party for a concert honoring their late mother, Princess Diana.
Their uncle, Prince Andrew, 64, is also ridden with scandal.
In 2019, King Charles III’s brother was forced to step down as a working royal after his friendship with the late pedophile financier Jeffrey Epstein came to light.
The disgraced Duke of York was also accused of sexually abusing Epstein accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre when she was 17.
Since the scandal broke, Andrew has been ignoring Charles’ requests to downsize from his plush $38 million property on the grounds of Windsor Castle to the smaller Frogmore Cottage, which currently sits empty.
Andrew has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing amid the accusations.
Advertisement