Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.

       You're reading a free article with opinions that may differ
       from The Motley Fool's Premium Investing Services. Become a Motley Fool member today to
       get instant access to our top analyst recommendations, in-depth research, investing resources,
       and more. Learn More

Key Points
A rival's weak 2024 guidance prompted many investors to sell out of the company.
Few investors felt like they were winning with Nike (NKE 3.22%) stock on Hump Day. One of its most entrenched and competitive rivals unveiled a set of preliminary annual results, and the numbers raised concerns about the immediate future of the athletic shoe and apparel market worldwide.
Nike shares closed the day 2.5% lower as a result, a steeper fall than the 1.6% decline of the S&P 500 index.
At least Nike isn't Adidas (ADDYY 2.01%). The European company's preliminary full-year 2023 figures indicated a 5% year-over-year dip in sales and a 60% tumble in operating profit. More concerning was Adidas's guidance for the latter line item. Although it expects to nearly double the 2023 figure this year, its forecast of 500 million euros ($542 million) fell well short of the consensus analyst estimate. 
Although Adidas attributed much of its 2023 declines to the previous year's discontinuation of its Yeezy fashion line with American musician Kanye West, investors clearly felt these were more reflective of the state of the general athletic gear and apparel market.
This market is a global one, with Adidas and Nike competing hotly for influence and business throughout the world. If conditions are weakening for one, they surely will affect the other. Nike's "sympathy sell-off," then, was entirely understandable.
Nike isn't Adidas, of course, and it has numerous advantages over its longtime rival (being based in sports-crazy America, for one). With this latest development from the European company, though, all eyes will be on its third-quarter results. These should be unveiled around mid-March.
Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2025 $47.50 calls on Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends