Ye's version of the story doesn't align with accounts from nearby eyewitnesses.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Kanye West opened up about attacking the man who “sexually assaulted” his wife, Bianca Censori. West recently spoke to Justin Laboy and explained the altercation. The controversial figure confirmed that the incident transpired at Los Angeles’ Chateau Marmont and then claimed to have put the man “to bed.” 

	“My wife is walking to the bathroom at the Chateau, and then this guy… grabbed my wife,” he detailed. “I didn’t see it directly, and [Bianca] started explaining what happened. So, then I walked over and found him.”

	










	He continued, “I’m talking to different security, not just the security that be with me, but other security, like, ‘Okay, let’s get this guy escorted out or something.’ And then I talked to the guy, and I say, ‘Yo, I need you to you need to leave right now,’ and he’s like, ‘Oh, it’s okay, it’s okay.’… It’s like, no, it’s not okay. It wasn’t okay. Then he saw it wasn’t okay. [He] had to go to bed early, tucked this ni**a in. He had to go to bed early.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







The Chicago musician’s recollection of the events shows a man sure of his actions. However, TMZ reported the details a bit differently. The outlet shared eyewitness reports that recalled the interaction involving Bianca, West, and her alleged assailant. 

	The source told the outlet that the man accidentally bumped into Censori. West then located the man outside of the establishment, where he allegedly punched the man in the face. But the source disclosed that the man who was attacked wasn’t the correct person—it was his identical twin. Reports insist that the men involved are brothers Mark and Jonnie Houston, who own restaurants throughout LA. It hasn’t been specified which brother was punched and which one “battered and sexually assaulted” Censori. 

	After the incident on Tuesday (April 16), Ye became a suspect in the battery case. Authorities have since begun investigating Ye for his actions. TMZ reported that West and his team issued a statement regarding his wife allegedly being assaulted. 

	“Bianca was physically assaulted,” the statement details. “The assailant didn’t merely collide [with] her. He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted.” 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.