The country-flavored hit completes a third week at No. 1 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Beyoncé ropes in another U.K. chart crown with “Texas Hold ‘Em.”

	The U.K. isn’t regarded as a country music playground. With “Texas Hold ‘Em” (via Columbia/Parkwood Ent), Beyonce is setting about changing that.

	The country-flavored hit completes a third week at No. 1 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, published Friday, March 8, for Bey’s longest-running leader in 17 years, equaling the streak of her 2007 duet with Shakira, ”Beautiful Liar.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					






















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Meanwhile, Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” (Atlantic) respectively complete the podium. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Joe Keery continues his march up the U.K. chart with “End of Beginning,” released through the Stranger Things star’s music project, Djo. “End of Beginning” (AWAL/DJO) lifts 5-4, a new high, powered by a viral turn on TikTok.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign enjoy a new peak position with “Carnival” (YZY), lifted from Vulture 1. “Carnival” cruises 9-5. 

Ella Henderson has cause for celebration, as the British singer and songwriter’s collaboration with Rudimental, “Albi” (Atlantic), enters the top 10 for the first time, up 11-10. It’s Henderson’s 10th U.K. top 10 single.

	After clubbing the Brit Awards for a record-setting six trophies, RAYE’s recordings spike on both main U.K. charts. The singer and songwriter’s former No. 1 “Escapism” featuring 070 Shake reenters the U.K. chart at No. 13, her club smash “Prada” with cassö and D-Block Europe rebounds 27-18 and “Worth It” bows at No. 38, for RAYE’s 14th top 40 single. Over on the Official U.K. Albums Chart, RAYE’s British album of the year winner My 21st Century Blues (via Human Re Sources) roars 98 places to No. 5.

	Another beneficiary of the 2024 BRITs is Tate McRae. The Canadian newcomer was a special guest at the annual ceremony, held March 2 at London’s O2 Arena, where she performed “greedy” (Atlantic), up 32-10 on the current Official Chart. 

	The top new debut on the latest tally belongs to Charli XCX as “Von dutch” (Atlantic) arrives at No. 26, for the British singer, songwriter and producer’s 15th U.K. top 40 single. 

	Finally, Twenty One Pilots land a third top 40 with “Overcompensate” (Atlantic), new at No. 34.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.