Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and internet culture. She has in-depth knowledge of entertainment media and how online conversations shape the industry, covering everything from Hollywood A-listers to trending pop culture moments. Maggie joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously contributed to Us Weekly, Sports Illustrated, and more. She is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. You can get in touch with Maggie by emailing m.ekberg@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Kim Kardashian gave fans a peek into her household with a back-to-school selfie that's too cute for words.
The 43-year-old reality TV mogul took to Instagram on Tuesday, September 18 to share a few snapshots of her and ex-husband Kanye West's four kids — North, 11, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 5 — all decked out in their classroom-ready attire.
"School daze are upon us," Kim captioned the carousel of pictures. The "Talking" singer and her little sister, Chicago, who is affectionately called "Chi," appeared to be in school uniforms, which consisted of a navy polo and a blue plaid skirt. Meanwhile, Saint rocked a gray zip-up hoodie over his shirt and shorts while the family's youngest, Psalm, wore a bright red polo and khaki shorts.
The proud mom was also seen alongside her mini-me's, throwing up a peace sign with her classic duck face as she posed in a black sweat set and sports bra.
A post shared by Kim Kardashian (@kimkardashian)
After posting the pictures to social media, it didn't take long for fans to enter the chat.
"Kimberly how is everyone so grown upppp," one person asked.
"Overload of cuteness 😍," swooned another.
"Such a beautiful family!! ❤️❤️" chimed in a third.
"Kim our babies are SOOOO CUTE! 😭" another person gushed.
Aside from capturing these candid family moments, Kim also gives fans a peek into the unique ways she navigates parenting. On Tuesday, September 3, she revealed on her Instagram Story how she allowed her son Saint to launch his own YouTube channel, but not without a contract emphasizing responsibility and boundaries.
Saint West has a YouTube channel and his mom made him sign a contract 😭 pic.twitter.com/8qfdfuorz3
"I finally allowed Saint to have a YouTube Channel after signing an extensive contract! lol," she shared. "Please subscribe!!!" The Kardashian icon gave followers a peek of the homemade contract in a follow-up post, writing, "Saint signed a solid contract for this YouTube Channel. He better not breach 😉."
As for the contract, it read: "I, Saint West, agree to follow my moms rules in order to have a YouTube channel," the document stated. "I am not allowed to comment any personal family information. I am not allowed to film any personal information. I am not not [sic] allowed to film while North is recording music."
Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and internet culture. She has in-depth knowledge of entertainment media and how online conversations shape the industry, covering everything from Hollywood A-listers to trending pop culture moments. Maggie joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously contributed to Us Weekly, Sports Illustrated, and more. She is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. You can get in touch with Maggie by emailing m.ekberg@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and internet culture. She has in-depth knowledge of entertainment media and how online conversations shape the industry, covering everything from Hollywood A-listers to trending pop culture moments. Maggie joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously contributed to Us Weekly, Sports Illustrated, and more. She is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. You can get in touch with Maggie by emailing m.ekberg@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC