Gordon Ramsay and New England have been pretty intertwined for the last couple of years, both professionally and leisurely.
Back in January 2023, Gordon opened an upscale burger bar in Boston -- simply called Gordon Ramsay Burger -- featured hand-spun milkshakes, butter-basted burgers, and more.
He quickly followed that up with both announcing and opening a new location for his insanely popular Hell's Kitchen restaurant in New England, this time down in Connecticut** inside of Foxwoods during Summer 2023, all while visiting Maine and various food hot spots throughout Portland in between.
**Author's Note: If you're familiar with other articles I've written, I mostly have banished Connecticut from New England and considered it part of the Tri-State Area, but make no mistake, yes I admit I'm 100% contradictory and will mention it as part of New England when it benefits me.
But it's what he's about to do that has me -- a very not-under-the-radar fan to the point of admitting I definitely have a bro-man-crush -- super excited and super geeking out.
Not only did FOX announce that they're renewing the hit show Hell's Kitchen for two more seasons, but they also announced that those two seasons will be taking place right here in New England...
...AT THE HELL'S KITCHEN AT FOXWOODS!
If you can't gauge my excitement, I bring you back to the sentence above that's written in all caps lock like a Kanye West Twitter post from the mid-2000s.
For years, I've watched Hell's Kitchen on FOX and not only dreamt of someday being able to feel like I had enough money saved for a night out at a Hell's Kitchen location, but also being able to see pans flying across the kitchen, the look of disappointment in Gordon's face, and hearing him scream two words that's like music to my ears:
IT'SSSSS ROOOOAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!
(And then for no reason turn around and call me -- specifically me -- an idiot sandwich. Then make me hold two pieces of bread on either side of my dome.)
CAUTION: NSFW LANGUAGE
Whether it's watching him lose his mind on Hell's Kitchen contestants (where, unlike our parents when we were younger, he's both mad and disappointed) or going down a wormhole of watching him on TikTok before realizing three hours has passed, Gordon frickin Ramsay in action is one of those things that just brings immense joy to my life.
Getting to watch him in action LIVE while riding the wave of the unknown on whether or not I'll actually be able to eat any food to soak up all the wine I drink in response to losing more money than I ever should on tables and slot machines?
Bucket list item.
Now excuse me while I get way too excited to make plans for the possible downfall of my life (that will inevitably be worth it, because, GORDON FRICKIN RAMSAY!)