The wait is nearly over. 
Big Sean revealed earlier today that his highly-anticipated sixth studio album Better Me Than You will be released on Friday.  
An emotional Big Sean reflected on getting Better Me Than You to the finish line, while also expressing his appreciation for his mother who helped guide him on that journey. 
"I appreciate my mom for being that guardian angel always giving me that advice. She really talked me through it for real," he explained. "Like I said, I haven't been sleeping a lot. I been giving this shit my all. I’m burned the fuck out. I’m tired. I do do this shit for the people that fuck with me." 
The announcement comes after Big Sean pushed back Better Me Than You just days before its scheduled Aug. 9 release date. The Detroit native explained he needed an "extra week or 2" to plan out certain aspects that involved "organizing listening events, shows etc." 
Sean added that the music was already done. An unfinished version of his album leaked last month with many speculating the artist formerly known as Kanye West was behind it.
"I know he ain't do that shit. I love Ye," the former G.O.O.D. Music artist said on Instagram Live. "Without him, there would be no me." 
Big Sean advised his fans to keep an eye on his Soundcloud because he plans on releasing music that will not appear on his upcoming album.  
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Big Sean Says He Hasn't Married Jhené Aiko Yet Because 'There's a Lot of Work That Needs to Be Done'
music | BY tara mahadevan
Big Sean Says Kendrick Lamar ‘Apologized’ for Leaked “Element” Verse That Dissed Him
music | BY Mark Elibert
Big Sean Tearfully Recalls Almost Giving Up on Rap After Signing to G.O.O.D. Music: ‘It Was a Moment’
music | BY Joe Price
Big Sean Gets Jordan Howlett to Help Soften the Blow of Album Delay: 'It's My Fault'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.