Victoria Beckham has shared her true feelings on the Kardashian family as she gets close to Kim Kardashian.
The Spice Girl 50, made a surprise appearance in the season five premiere of The Kardashians. She has struck up an unlikely friendship with reality TV queen Kim, however their bond was quickly put to the test. Kim has been a fan of Victoria's fashion label for years and the pop star showed her thanks by inviting the businesswoman to her Paris Fashion Week show.
Kim took along her film crew to document her visiting the show, yet it didn't go too smoothly. She was joined by mum Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble, but the trio got stuck in a nail-biting car journey. They battled against the clock and congested streets to make it to Victoria's show and ended up being 20 minutes late.
Kim and Kris caused a stir as they hurried to their front-row seats after holding the show up. Victoria appeared to brush past the faux pas as she embraced Kim after the show. Kim's younger sister Kendall Jenner had the honour of closing the show, as Victoria said: "She is so sweet and kind to everyone." Kim added: "She's the best."
It was not the first time Kim and Victoria cosied up to each other as the reality star paid a visit to David Beckham's Inter Miami last summer. The pair bonded at the football match as social media went abuzz about the new celebrity friendship. Kim took her football fan son Saint and his close friend to the match after her youngster was gifted with tickets from proud Inter Miami club owner David.
Victoria attended the game with 12-year-old daughter Harper and her 18-year-old son Cruz. The former Spice Girl documented her evening with the group snap, captioning it: "Girls night! Kisses @kimkardashian." Victoria and Kim were even snapped holding hands with each other as the fashion designer struggled to get down from the stands.
Mum-of-four Kim took to social media where she gushed over how much of a wonderful time her son Saint - who she shares with ex-husband Kanye West - had and the surreal moment he met his idol, Messi. Last summer, it was reported the new friends were set to put their relationship to the test by working together.
They were named alongside a number of big hitters in the world of celebrity to be part of a Disney documentary about fashion. The Walt Disney Company EMEA confirmed their roles as part of the upcoming projects for UK's Original titles. Other celebs set to take part include Hillary Clinton, and Tom Ford.
The fashion-based series will tell the inside story of era defining fashion of the past decade. Kim will be involved thanks to her her hugely popular SKIMS brand and Victoria's own clothing line. Both stars have become icons in the fashion world, so will feature in the inDisney+'s Fashion Series.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.