“Screaming ‘Jesus, help me’”, Wyndham Wallace looks for God in the 1987 album which returned The Wholly Cosmic Julian Cope (© TOTP) to the charts
Unlike the Son of God, it took the acronymic Julian Cope three years to undergo resurrection. While on stage at London’s Hammersmith Palais in 1984, promoting debut solo album, World Shut Your Mouth, he lacerated his chest, stomach and back with a broken microphone stand. This was a bloody act which exacerbated a reputation for mortal folly already fuelled by the berserk mythology surrounding his former band, The Teardrop Explodes. In their final days, during an ill-starred recording session at Rockfield in September 1982, David Balfe locked bandmates Cope and Gary Dwyer out of the studio, leaving them to indulge in dangerous, intoxicated games involving speeding jeeps; and things reached a head when, Dwyer – allegedly, disputably – chased Balfe through the surrounding countryside with a loaded shotgun. There would be no third LP for The Teardrop Explodes. But after the literally performative self-harm, Cope’s appetite for psychedelic excess hadn’t visibly waned by the time he released Fried, his own second record. Released at the end of the same year as World Shut Your Mouth, its front cover featured a confused looking Cope prostrate atop a slag heap staring at a toy van, naked bar the giant turtle shell, which he apparently sometimes wore in the studio.
If this sounds like the nervous exhaustion of an acid casualty, it won’t be surprising to learn that in December Cope began an interview weeping in front of NME’s Jack Barron. Afterwards, he withdrew from touring and recording for eighteen months. “I was Mr. Paranoid”, he told Spin in 1987. “I never opened the door.” In the meantime, he was dropped by his label, Phonogram, after his debut merely grazed the charts – “that sad and weary thing,” NME concluded, “another rock album” – while Fried was even less successful. Afterwards, he confessed in the same interview, “My A&R man said, ‘These songs are shit, go away and write some more.” 
Clearly, Cope wasn’t surrounded by Yes Men, and Yes Men are arguably a necessity when cultivating a budding God Complex. From Liam Gallagher’s “Every time I look in the mirror, God looks back” to Kanye West’s “God chose me”, such utterances are normally enabled by those around an artist trumpeting their brilliance, something the artist can easily take as a sign of infallibility rather than sycophancy. But Cope had Cally Callomon, who, after becoming manager and signing his charge to Island Records, encouraged a more responsible approach to verifying his immortality. Cope called time on the debauchery, and, among other things, took up speed-walking with weights around Tamworth, where he’d lived as a child and returned in 1982. “Such an uncool way of doing it,” he told The Guardian in 1986.
Even if he was less corruptible, by 1987 Cope still wasn’t “more popular than Jesus”. Sure, he’d enjoyed multiple, notoriously spangled Top Of The Pops appearances in 1981 with The Teardrop Explodes, performing Top 10 hit, ‘Reward’, not to mention chalking up two Top 30 albums with the band, but his career, at least commercially, seemed to be in decline. Indeed, to all intents and purposes – as former manager Bill Drummond had it in his response to Fried’s ‘Bill Drummond Said’ (from 1986 LP The Man) – Julian Cope was dead. His only hope for glory, the future KLF co-founder gloated, would literally mean him taking his own life, turning him into a martyr “with holes in his hands/ A halo round his head.” Fortunately, Cope had better – albeit comparable – ideas.
But Saint Julian strolled out of the tomb. The cover featured a trim-looking Cope stood in a junkyard at night, spotlit from behind, arms outstretched as though crucified, black gloved hands gesturing, as if to say, ‘Come and have a go if you think you’re hard enough’. In his wake lay a trail of melted snow, lined by rubble and wreckage. The location was revealed by a plaque illuminated on a battered crane indicating the Tamworth scrapyard in which the portrait was taken. (Its owner, Richard Cuttler – also bassist for Tamworth’s uncouthly named The Cheesy Helmets, who opened for Wolfsbane at the local Arts Centre that February – appears on the back cover, stoking the fires.) The message was bold, its intent was blunt: Cope was back from the dead. 
Saint Julian had willed himself into being, donning sunglasses and leather trousers, matching Iggy Pop’s comical savagery with Jim Morrison’s absurd solemnity and early Alice Cooper’s vivid vaudeville, claiming crucial ingredients of musical folklore as his own. This was the sort of canonisation he understood: the subtitle of his celebrated 1981 compilation Fire Escape In The Sky was The Godlike Genius Of Scott Walker. But if he cast his mythical self as a new kind of Rock Saviour, there was a welcome grit to this incarnation, plus a self-awareness confirming Cope knew he was play-acting. It was as though he’d designed himself as a satirical antidote to Bono, who, in the wake of U2’s The Joshua Tree, was busy beating his bare chest in a leather waistcoast while pontificating about God’s country, locust winds, thorn bushes and the like. 
The Irishman, in other words, had gone full method, starting to believe his own hyperbolic press during his crusade to bestride the globe like a colossus. In contrast, Cope The Idol wasn’t to be taken entirely seriously. After all, his new album’s title track began with lines delivered with the convivial astonishment of a man who’d run into an annoying neighbour while shopping at the Co-op: “I met God in a car in a dream in Ankerside/ And I was very unkind”. He’d also ordered a custom-made ten-foot microphone stand he named Yggdrasil – after the Old Norse for ‘Odin’s Horse’, also a word for ‘gallows’ – around which he could sprawl, lizard style, by his standards a curtailment of earlier messianic onstage indulgences. 
Saint Julian was heralded by ‘World Shut Your Mouth’, his solo debut’s confrontational title rehabilitated as an anthemic stomper with Ramones producer Ed Stasium at the desk. The brilliance of this single justified the flippant designation he bestowed on his backing group, the Two-Car Garage Band. The similarly leather-clad group, featured Fried veterans Donald Ross Skinner on guitars and Chris Whitten on drums, alongside James Eller, who had played bass on Wilder, The Teardrop Explodes’ second album. ‘World Shut Your Mouth’ became Cope’s biggest UK single to date as well as his only US hit, while ‘Trampolene’ became another no-nonsense, successful 7″ to trail the album, stopping just short of the UK Top 10.
It’s true it wasn’t immaculate. Although Stasium was also responsible for the pummelling ‘Pulsar’ and carnal one-chord-wonder ‘Spacehopper,’ Cope later turned to producer Warne Livesey, who, fresh from The The’s Infected, occasionally over-egged the pudding with contemporary technical tropes across the seven tracks he helmed. The snare drums are, for instance, unmistakably of their era, and though ‘Eve’s Volcano (Covered In Sin)’ is appropriately theistic with a frivolous but self-aware chorus of “Doo doo doo doo doo”s – it tries too hard to please the crowd with its masturbatory revelry. In addition, there’s frankly no godly excuse for the Seinfeld-like slap bass solo on ‘Planet Ride’, however brief, nor drums machines better suited to That Petrol Emotion’s ‘Big Decision’, released around the same time. Even these slips, nonetheless, were redeemed by one of the most brillliantly unlikely declarations of commitment ever recorded: “I love you, sweedeedee, I love you/ Come and hang ‘em on the line next to mine.”
In the end, St Julian’s sheer scale, not to mention such reminders of Cope’s irreverence, overwhelm nitpicking niceties. ‘Shot Down’s vigorously grinding riffs and brooding, extended bridge offer a built-for-arenas vehicle for messianic revelations like, “On my cross I beg and cry a million mouths”, while the title track unites him with Kate St. John’s cor anglais for a largely joyful, succinct rejection of a one true God: “Then my flailing arms smashed your face”. Furthermore, ‘Screaming Secrets’, originally written for The Teardrop Explodes, was perfectly titled, its drums relentless, firing like machine guns towards a breathless climax, yet it was also home to wry, religious iconography which couldn’t help but raise an amused eyebrow: “I see you’re careless/ Even you were circumcised”.
It’s the epic finale, ‘A Crack In The Clouds’, that lifts Saint Julian to its most sublime peak. Opening with more plaintive cor anglais, as if recorded in a decrepit, rainswept church, its noble swagger is built upon a simple acoustic guitar riff, with Cope touting apocalyptic imagery: “I stand and sigh, weighed down with chains/ They follow me in columns”. That’s until the chorus which explodes with a redemptive emancipation further heightened by its ultimate, major key reprise and a grand orchestral outro. God was now in his heaven. All was right with the world.
Admittedly our hero would reemerge a year later with My Nation Underground, a more clumsily earthbound, chart-minded collection (also available once more on vinyl), considerably less sure of his newfound identity as a pop star. But on Saint Julian he elevates himself in his own, unique image; an act of self-anointing deification still as thrillingly convincing as it’s ludicrously entertaining. Whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life. As for those who lack such faith, put your head back in the clouds and shut your mouth.
Saint Julian is reissued today by Proper Music
Ollie Judge and Anton Pearson of modern rock band Squid take a walk past the neolithic burial chambers and chalk horse carvings of Wiltshire with John Doran to explain the genesis of their singular new album, O Monolith. All portraits by Maria Jefferis
In the first of our subscriber-exclusive Low Culture essays, Adelle Stripe opens her battered copy of Julian Cope's The Modern Antiquarian and argues that this guide to Britain's neolithic remains has a strikingly modern relevance
Miranda Remington gives us ten points of entry into the bewildering back catalogue of 'The Man From The East', Stomu Yamash'ta, a Japanese percussion prodigy who weaved together the classical with the underground; science fiction with Buddhism 
Peggy Suicide was the first marking and mapping out of a new Julian Cope, says Richard Foster; one who kept us sane and questing for new ideas at the dawn of the 90s
John McMahon & Mark Williamson reflect upon the life and career of the archaeologist and antiquary Aubrey Burl (1926-2020), and his unexpected influence on recent generations of experimental artists and musicians. With thanks to Neil Mortimer

On the 20th anniversary of its release, Eden Tizard looks back at Coil's 'Musick To Play In The Dark' and finds an album steeped in the landscape of the West Country
From Julian Cope to, er, Fat Les, as Tate Britain opens its major new show about William Blake, John Higgs, the author of William Blake Now, looks at the great mystic painter-poet's influence on contemporary pop
Dan Franklin takes an in-depth look at Scott Walker and Sunn O))) collaboration, Soused
Where Julian Marszalek witnesses a three-way battle for the past in an uncertain and tumultuous present, and Alix Buscovic parties with wicker men and wicked women

Jennifer Lucy Allan navigates a frustratingly patchy compilation that nevertheless is studded with some unusual gems
If there is one Gary Numan album left to be rediscovered and reassessed from his mid 80s through 90s doldrums, then it is the commercial but not creative misstep Berserker, says Jeremy Allen
Toby Manning tracks the glorious transit of Tangerine Dream across 1974, from the rural to the urban, from out of space then down to earth
Daniel Spicer gets to grips with a lavish six album set documenting the first two concerts Sun Ra played outside of North America
Travis Elborough hails what he considers one of the greatest lost albums of all time
Twenty "tips of the tongue" with the subtitle 'A Time​-​Travelling Evangelist​’​s Guide to Late 20th Century Underground Music' recall a time & place of passion, mailing lists and CD-rs, says Jeanette Leech
Genre purism be damned – there is no surer evidence of jazz’s immortality than the enduring influence of Expansions, Lonnie Liston Smith’s ecstatic, eclectic and resolutely non-denominational call to spiritual arms, argues Stevie Chick
Jeremy Allen celebrates a timely reissue of a stunning live album that challenges received wisdom about Nico in the 1980s
A new audiophile vinyl version of the controversial 1974 live set offers unprecedented clarity on an inspirational if oft-misunderstood moment, Angus Batey argues
Here's a playlist of everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
At the forefront of an underground British guitar scene that's thriving against all odds, Ex Agent have delivered an idiosyncratic, ever-shifting, and excellent new EP exclusively to tQ subscribers
In our latest antidote to the algorithm, Stephanie Phillips guides us through the South African girl groups who resisted apartheid oppression through the joy of their song
In this month's pod Luke Turner and John Doran celebrate two of the finest records of the c21st thus far
In April's essay, Jonn Elledge explains why everything you thought you knew about the popular self-sufficiency sitcom, first broadcast 50 years ago this week, is wrong.
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Serial collaborator and Propellor Orchestra leader Jack McNeill's long-awaited debut solo album is released today exclusively for tQ subscribers, a record that draws deep on his surroundings in Cumbria, but subverts our expectations of the clarinet as an instrument that hymns the pastoral
In this month's essay, Jeanette Leech seeks to reclaim the legacy of Elastica's vastly underrated second album from prurient mutterings about drug addiction and the collapse of Britpop, celebrating Mark E. Smith collaborations and the birth of M.I.A.
In this month’s antidote to the algorithm Puja Nandi celebrates five pioneering artists, from Asian Dub Foundation (pictured) to Osmani Soundz, who enriched the soundtrack of the pre-millennial UK by mixing drum & bass and electronica with the sounds of the Bengali diaspora
This month John and Luke head all the way back to 1904 to experience the thrills, chills and outright horrors of a modern compendium of ghoulish tales
Exploring the subtle microcosms in rock music then bending them to his will, Ryan Walker interviews Mike Vest about Brain Pills, his new band with Nick Raybould and Adam Stone whose debut EP is released exclusively to tQ subscribers today – a gathering of tales, tunes and feedback
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Start each weekend with our free email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
If you’ve read something you love on our site today, please consider becoming a tQ subscriber – our journalism is mostly funded this way. We’ve got some bonus perks waiting for you too.
Sign up for a weekly delve into the tQ archives.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Sign up for our free Friday email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.