By 

	Tomás Mier


Vultures is among us. On Tuesday, Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign shared the Jon Rafman-directed trailer for the long-teased LP, released under the music super duo’s ¥$ alias.

	The dark video, backed by the LP’s title track “Vultures,” sees sepia-colored clips of backrooms, owls, basements, and men in black cloaks holding massive guns. West, wearing a black ski mask, is spotted several times in the video. One quick scene appears to show West’s Donda house on fire.

	The visual ends with the announcement of release dates for three different volumes of the album.

	Volume 1 drops Feb. 9, Volume 2 on March 8, and Volume 3 on April 5. West also shared Instagram Story posts of cover art versions for each volume, which sees a seeming sandy hill in front of crashing waves. The first volume features a beige color scheme, the second volume a pitch-black one, and the third has a dark blue hue.

	










	West premiered the joint album, Vultures, at a party in Miami during Art Basel in December; he also launched a mobile-only platform called Yews, a portmanteau of Yeezy and News, which he reportedly applied to have trademarked in October. Kodak Black, Freddie Gibbs Playboi Carti, and Chris Brown are reportedly set to appear on the album.

	A source told Rolling Stone Tuesday that the music video for “Vultures,” with Bump J and Lil Durk, will be released soon. West dropped “Vultures” after premiering it on Power 92 Chicago in late November. He faced controversy for rapping, “How I’m antisemitic, I just fucked a Jewish bitch,” referring to his remarks about Jewish people over the last year. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	He has since apologized for his antisemitic comments.  “It was not my intention to offend or demean, and I deeply regret any pain I may have caused,” West said in a December Instagram post written in Hebrew. “I am committed to starting with myself and learning from this experience to ensure greater sensitivity and understanding in the future. Your forgiveness is important to me, and I am committed to making amends and promoting unity.”

	West released his last album, Donda, featuring songs such as “Hurricane” with The Weeknd and Lil Baby, “Life of the Party” with Andre 3000, and “Believe What I Say” in 2021.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.