The friendship of Taylor Swift and Karlie Kloss dates back to 2013, when the musician and the supermodel met backstage at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
They quickly became inseparable: The pair road-tripped through Big Sur, posed together for a joint Vogue cover, and frequently shared photos of their adventures on social media. Kloss even had her own bedroom in Swift's New York apartment.
But they haven't been photographed together since 2018 — and many fans believe they had a falling-out.
Though the model has maintained that Swift is a "close friend," the singer-songwriter didn't attend either of Kloss' wedding events. Instead, Kloss' guest list included Katy Perry and Scooter Braun, both of whom Swift has feuded with.
Below is a comprehensive timeline of their friendship. 
While walking around Prabal Gurung's studio during her 2012 Vogue interview, the "Red" singer noticed a framed photo of Kloss hanging on the wall. 
"I love Karlie Kloss. I want to bake cookies with her!" she told the interviewer. 
Kloss, an avid baker who teamed up with Momofuku Milk Bar's Christina Tosi to launch her own line of treats called "Karlie's Kookies" in 2012, accepted Swift's invitation the same day the article was published.
"Hey @taylorswift13 love the @voguemagazine cover!" she wrote on Twitter. "Your kitchen or mine?"
Swift strutted up and down the runway as she performed her song "I Knew You Were Trouble" at the 2013 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. 
Kloss, the second model to walk during the "Snow Angels" portion of the show, pointed at Swift and lip-synced her lyrics as she passed by, stopping again to dance with the musician before exiting the stage. 
They also held hands while Swift was singing "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark" with Fall Out Boy. 
"We met at the show, we never met before but we're BFFs now. It's nice to meet another American girl, we're the same age and she's so inspiring — she's so talented and she's true to who she is. She's a cool girl and I'm glad she's in the show this year, she rocked it," Kloss told Hollywood Life on December 9, 2013. 
One month later, Kloss said her interaction with Swift was her "favorite" moment from the show.
Kloss also shared a behind-the-scenes photo with Swift with the lyrics from "Love Story" ("We were both young when I first saw you"), her favorite of Swift's songs.
The introduction left a mark on Swift as well. 
In their joint March 2015 Vogue interview, the singer revealed that she has a polaroid with Kloss, taken backstage at the show, hanging in her New York City apartment. The photo is labeled, "BEST FRIENDS FOREVER VS2013."
When the duo met up at the Oscars after-party in 2014, the supermodel suggested they do something "spontaneous," they said in their 2015 Vogue interview. 
"I'd been to Big Sur once before, and I was like, 'We should just do it,'" Swift said. 
Kloss shared several memories from their time on the road, which she described as the "adventure of a lifetime with my girl." They frolicked in front of a sunset, wrote their names in the sand with a heart, wore daisies in their hair, and cuddled among the elephant seals.
In one of the posts, fans noticed that Kloss was wearing Swift's sweater, which said "Genius" on it. 
As they drove home, Kloss shared a photo of a yellow daisy in the car, tagging Swift as the center of the flower. She captioned the shot, "best. road trip. ever."
Two years later, Swift would allude to the road trip during her "72 Questions" interview with Vogue.
Asked where someone should take their wife for a wedding anniversary, she replied, "Congratulations, and you should take her to Big Sur."
The pair were spotted walking around Manhattan several times throughout the month.
Kloss shared a photo with Swift and Kate Bosworth at a party for hairstylist Harry Josh. The event took place at the Jane Hotel in New York City. 
She captioned the post, "I had fun with these Lovely Ladies last night at #HarrysParty."
The theme for the annual event was "Charles James: Beyond Fashion," and both Kloss and Swift wore gowns designed by Oscar de la Renta. Kloss even shared a behind-the-scenes selfie of the pair getting ready together, captioned, "Pre #MetGala glam party."
When they arrived at the Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the duo stayed close to each other while posing on the red carpet. 
From brunching at the famous restaurant Serafina to strolling through SoHo, Swift and Kloss enjoyed the city throughout the summer.
Later in 2014, Swift would release her album "1989," which began with the song "Welcome to New York." She's previously cited the Big Apple as an "important landscape and location for the story of my life in the last couple of years."
During the singer's interview with Rolling Stone, Swift gave a brief tour of her $15 million apartment. 
Swift walked into one of the guest bedrooms and said, "This is where Karlie usually stays."
According to the outlet, multiple photos of Kloss were hanging on the walls, and Swift had prepared a basket of the supermodel's favorite snacks to sit beside the bed. 
They drank beer, cheered, and posed for photographers while watching the Chicago Bulls play the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. 
Kloss and Swift, who matched in black turtlenecks, sat directly next to well-known actor Ben Stiller and his son Quinlin.
Both in plaid, Swift and Kloss stopped in several stores during an outing in Manhattan's SoHo neighborhood. 
It was a big night for Swift; she won the Dick Clark award of excellence and delivered an energized performance of her song "Blank Space."
Even when Swift was sitting down in the audience, the camera didn't stray for long. Kloss, who was her date for the night, was right by her side. 
They also joked around backstage, playing musical instruments while Swift sat on Kloss' lap. 
Kloss was the first model to walk out during Swift's performance of "Style" at the 2014 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. 
Hand-in-hand, the pair strutted down the runway together in lace lingerie. 
After the show, Kloss shared a black-and-white photo of herself and Swift holding hands, captioned with lyrics from the song ("Cause we never go out of style, We never go out of style").
Swift and Kloss attended a concert for The 1975 at New York City's Terminal 5, alongside model friends Lily Aldrige and Martha Hunt.
The next day, a fellow concertgoer posted two photos of the pair on the VIP balcony, holding hands and leaning toward each other.
Although the shots were blurry, the tweet launched speculation that the women were kissing: "exclusive taylor and karlie making out #confirmed," the fan wrote.
However, a representative for Swift called the story "crap."
"It's sad that on the day it's announced Taylor has three Grammy nominations for 'Shake It Off,' I have to shake off this crap," the rep told Us Weekly.
Swift also seemed to respond to the rumors in a since-deleted tweet (although she may have been referring to media coverage of her relationship with The 1975 frontman Matty Healy).
"As my 25th birthday present from the media, I'd like for you to stop accusing all my friends of dating me. #thirsty," she wrote. 
During an interview with Yahoo, Kloss called Swift a "great cook" and said she handles clean-up when they eat together. 
"I'm more the baker," she said, adding, "She's a great cook."
The party took place at the musician's New York City apartment, according to Marie Claire. Beyonce, Jay-Z, Justin Timberlake, and Sam Smith were all in attendance for the occasion. 

Happy 25th Birthday @taylorswift 🎂🍰🎂🍰🎂🍰🎂🍰🎂🍰🎂
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Dec 13, 2014 at 8:45pm PSTDec 13, 2014 at 8:45pm PST

The singer and the supermodel appeared together at Michaelson's July 2014 concert. When the indie singer was asked what it was like to spend time with them, she joked that she "dragged" Swift onstage with her "supermodel best friend," whom Michaelson didn't recognize at the time. 
"I took a picture with the two of them. I was in six-inch heels, and they're still like this," Michaelson said while raising her arms up. 
She recalled asking Swift and Kloss if they were planning on attending her after-party. 
"They were like, 'No, we have — I have an early shoot,'" Michaelson said, adding that Swift introduced Kloss as a "Victoria's Secret supermodel angel woman."
Kloss, Hunt, Ashley Avignone, and Gigi Hadid all posed with Swift in the singer's house, identifiable thanks to the singer's cat Meredith, who was perched on the couch. 
"I'm convinced, blondes definitely have more fun," Kloss wrote. 

I'm convinced, blondes definitely have more fun.
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Jan 18, 2015 at 6:55pm PSTJan 18, 2015 at 6:55pm PST

The model shared a photo of one of Swift's cats, Olivia, and tagged the location as Nashville, the singer's adopted hometown. 
She also shared a photo with Swift and Aldridge, writing in the caption, "Such a Wonderful weekend surrounded by such Wonderful friends."
In the joint cover story, Swift and Kloss opened up about their first time meeting, their road trip through Big Sur, and their friendship.
"People had been telling us for years we needed to meet," Swift said. "I remember makeup artists and hair people going, 'Doesn't she remind you of Karlie? God, she and Karlie would be best friends. They're the same.'"
They revealed that Aldridge, who was friends with both Swift and Kloss, made the introduction.  
"We were just like, 'You. My friend. Now,'" Swift joked.
Kloss then attributed their friendship to the fact that they're both "normal people."
"We're real girls," Swift agreed. 
They also faced off in Vogue's "Friendship Test," in which Swift revealed that Kloss listened to her entire "1989" album before anyone else had heard it. As of August 4, 2023, the video has been listed as private on YouTube.
During an appearance on "Good Morning America," the model chatted about her Vogue cover with Swift. 
"For me, what's significant about that cover, is that it's all about power friendships. Taylor and I are really close, but we also have very different jobs in very different industries. We also are twentysomething-year-old women working very hard and very focused to pursue our dreams and goals, and I think we both are very supportive of one another," she said.
Kloss added, "I think that kind of friendship, whether it's with a sister or a friend, that kind of friendship is really powerful, and it's been a huge part of my success."
Women's Wear Daily covered Peter Copping's debut at Oscar de la Renta, noting that Swift and Kloss were "giggly" together in the front row. (Kloss had walked for the designer the previous year.)
When WWD asked why she attended the show, Swift curiously declined to comment: "My publicist would get mad at me," she said.
Kloss later shared a selfie with Swift from the event, posing with another close friend, Derek Blasberg.
"Front row selfie with my best buds," she wrote. "(My best friend and my big brother. So how are they related? Step friends?)"
After Swift appeared on "The Tonight Show," the model posted a photo of their interview on Instagram. 
"So proud of my buddy killing it on the #TonightShow with @jimmyfallon," she wrote. 
Kloss cohosted an event called The World's First Fabulous Fund Fair to benefit The Naked Heart Foundation, Natalia Vodianova's charity aimed to help Russian children. 
Several of the supermodel's friends — like Cara Delevingne, Ellie Goulding, and of course, Swift — attended the event in London to support her. 
According to Harper's Bazaar, the event featured a fortune-teller, an ice cream station, and Karlie's Kookies. 

K' and Tay and Bae
A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Feb 26, 2015 at 2:52am PSTFeb 26, 2015 at 2:52am PST

The 2015 Brit Awards were a sweeping success for Swift. She won best international female solo artist and performed her hit song "Blank Space."
She also seemed to push her feud with Kanye West and Kim Kardashian to the wayside (though it would soon be reignited once again). The reality star even shared a photo with Swift and Kloss at the event. 
The supermodel shared a picture of herself and Swift wearing the same black-and-white dress during their photo shoots.
She originally captioned the photo, "Missing my girl," but later changed it to, "Missing my BFF."

Missing my BFF @taylorswift ❤️ #Twinning
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on May 8, 2015 at 3:42pm PDTMay 8, 2015 at 3:42pm PDT

In fact, throughout their friendship, fans noticed how the duo often borrowed each other's clothes and rocked similar looks, even in Swift's music videos.
Swift assembled her best friends to play superheroes — and villains, in Selena Gomez's case — in her "Bad Blood" music video. Kloss was featured as Knockout, a character that takes on Swift in the boxing ring.
Mariska Hargitay, Ellen Pompeo, Jessica Alba, Serayah, Zendaya, Kendrick Lamar, Lena Dunham, Hailee Steinfeld, Hayley Williams, Hadid, Hunt, Delevingne, Goulding, and Aldrige also made cameos in the video. 
"Bad Blood" was widely believed to be about Katy Perry, who the "1989" singer had been feuding with at the time. (They've since buried the hatchet.)
The model joined several of Swift's friends who attended her "1989" tour stop in London.
At one point, they even got on stage with the singer and waved a British flag.
Joking that she was the "5th wheel" on a boat tour of River Thames, Kloss shared a photo of herself with Swift and then-boyfriend Calvin Harris, along with Hadid and her then-boyfriend Joe Jonas (whom Swift also dated in 2008). 
"That moment when you realize you're the 5th wheel on a romantic double date river cruise...." Kloss captioned the picture.
Kloss, Aldridge, Hadid, Uzo Aduba, and Behati Prinsloo cheered for Swift at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey, once again making a surprise appearance on stage.
Swift was front and center as she walked down the red carpet at the 2015 VMAs with her "Bad Blood" crew.
Later in the evening, "Bad Blood" won awards for best video and best collaboration. Kloss made sure to congratulate Swift on Instagram.
The next day, she also shared a group selfie with the caption, "So much fun last night at the #VMAs with the #BadBlood babes."
The crew seemed to remain tight toward the end of 2015, when both Kloss and Swift celebrated Aldridge's birthday with a cake. Kloss shared a photo of the occassion on Instagram.
The montage showed Kloss heading to her first concert of Swift's in June. 
"I've never seen Taylor perform, and I get to be on stage with her," she said in the video. 
Kloss also included several behind-the-scenes moments, like when she and several of Swift's other friends joined the singer onstage. 

Hey @TaylorSwift, thanks for having me (and @GigiHadid @SerenaWilliams @KendallJenner @MarHunt @caradelevingne) on your stage last summer :) #1989WorldTourLive
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Dec 20, 2015 at 6:18am PSTDec 20, 2015 at 6:18am PST

With the exception of Kloss' photo with Delevingne and a picture of herself standing in front of New York University, Swift appeared in seven of Kloss' most-liked Instagram photos from 2015. 
"If each like was a mile, I'd get to the moon and back 107 times. Can't thank you enough for the love," Kloss wrote. 
The day after she posted a video from the festival with her now-husband Joshua Kushner, Kloss posed with Swift, who was platinum blonde at the time, and Todrick Hall. 

Coachella ✅
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Apr 18, 2016 at 9:13am PDTApr 18, 2016 at 9:13am PDT

While her Tribeca apartment underwent renovations, Swift rented a West Village property on Cornelia Street that reportedly cost $40,000 per month, according to TMZ. At the time, Kloss was living in a $2.75 million apartment on Charles Street, half a mile away from Swift's rental.
The supermodel was frequently seen coming and going from Swift's place. This leads some fans to believe the song "Cornelia Street" was inspired by Kloss rather than Joe Alwyn, whom Swift began dating in late 2016. ("I get mystified by how this city screams your name," Swift sings, referring to New York. Once she began dating Alwyn, she relocated to London.)
Swift hosted a star-studded Fourth of July party at her 11,000-square-foot mansion in Rhode Island, which was built in the '30s and reportedly cost $17.75 million.
The group — which included Swift's then-love interest Tom Hiddleston, Hadid, Delevingne, Kloss, and more — was photographed celebrating the occasion wearing red, white, and blue attire.
They even enjoyed a massive inflatable slide and fireworks, which Kloss showed off on social media. 
On the evening of her 24th birthday, Kloss shared a photo of Swift's face on her screen, the iPad sitting next to a bouquet of sunflowers.
"When you're halfway around the world & your best friend still finds a way to celebrate 24 with you," she wrote, tagging Swift.
Based on behind-the-scenes footage from "Reputation" studio sessions, Swift recorded "King of My Heart" the very same day. Videos show her singing the lyric, "Your love is a secret I'm hoping, dreaming, dying to keep," wearing the same outfit as in Kloss' photo.
During an interview with The Sunday Times, Kloss was asked to share her thoughts about Kim Kardashian, who was in involved in a heated feud with Swift at the time.
"I think she's been a lovely person to me in the past. Look, I really don't know her that well," she said. 
After people accused her of siding with the reality star instead of sticking up for her friend, she defended herself on Twitter.
"I will not allow the media to misconstrue my words," she wrote. "Taylor has always had my back and I will always have hers."
The musician and the model were spotted with Serena Williams and Dakota Johnson leaving Bowery Ballroom in New York City. 
The pair was seen walking into Drake's birthday party together at Delilah, a club in Los Angeles, several nights prior — the last time they were photographed together in public.
"Happy belated @champagnepapi," Kloss captioned the photo.

Happy belated @champagnepapi 🤘🌴🎊
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Oct 27, 2016 at 9:54pm PDTOct 27, 2016 at 9:54pm PDT

In the photo, Kloss and Swift kiss Lorde, whose real name is Ella Yelich-O'Connor.
"Happy Happy 20th bday Ella," Kloss wrote, adding, "Looking forward to the epic adventures ahead and memories to be made over the next 20!"

Happy Happy 20th bday Ella 🎂😘❤️ Looking forward to the epic adventures ahead and memories to be made over the next 20!
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Nov 8, 2016 at 11:01am PSTNov 8, 2016 at 11:01am PST

"Happiest of Birthdays to my ride or die @taylorswift," she captioned a photo of herself and Swift.
Kloss continued, "I feel blessed to count you as my friend, sister and partner in crime. Can't wait to celebrate together very soon."

Happiest of Birthdays to my ride or die @taylorswift ❤️🎂👯❤️ I feel blessed to count you as my friend, sister and partner in crime. Can't wait to celebrate together very soon ❤️🍪🍾
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Dec 13, 2016 at 4:09am PSTDec 13, 2016 at 4:09am PST

"Happy happy birthday @taylorswift!" she captioned the selfie. 

Happy happy birthday @taylorswift! 💫
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Dec 13, 2017 at 11:09am PSTDec 13, 2017 at 11:09am PST

Kloss played basketball in a black-and-white video she shot for LOVE's advent calendar.
She originally captioned the photo, "Swish Swish," which is the title of Perry's song, widely believed to be a response to Swift's "Bad Blood."
Fans began accusing Kloss of taking a side in the feud by writing Perry's lyrics on her Instagram and flooding the post with comments.
Others defended Kloss, saying that she was merely using a common basketball term. 
She eventually changed the caption, which now reads, "Nothing but net."
Slightly a month after the model was accused of dissing Swift on Instagram, she was spotted out to dinner with the "Swish Swish" singer in Los Angeles. Two mutual friends were present as well. 
Several days later, Jennifer Lawrence joked that Kloss and Swift's distance "keeps her up at night" during a live interview with The New York Times.
When asked to choose one secret that she could know the answer to, Lawrence responded, "Honestly, I'd like to know what's going on between Karlie Kloss and Taylor Swift, like that's the honest-to-god truth. Is nobody else curious? It's keeping me up at night. What happened?"
Despite rumors that her friendship with Swift had ended, Kloss said she was still close with the songstress during an interview with The New York Times. 
The outlet reported that Kloss and Swift speak frequently, even though tabloids claimed otherwise. 
"Don't believe everything you read," Kloss added.
Kloss attended the "Reputation" tour stop in Nashville, where she snapped a selfie with Swift backstage.
"No one puts on a show like @taylorswift," she wrote. "#ReputationTour Nashville was out of this world, I am SO proud of you."

No one puts on a show like @taylorswift 🎤✨ #ReputationTour Nashville was out of this world, I am SO proud of you 🖤
A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on Aug 26, 2018 at 1:12pm PDTAug 26, 2018 at 1:12pm PDT

At the time of writing, Kloss and Swift haven't been seen together since.
During her "73 Questions" interview with Vogue, Kloss was asked if everything was "cool" between her and Swift.
"The world needs to know? Well, Jennifer Lawrence was interested," she responded, referring to the actress' comment in August.
She added, "Jen, don't worry. Taylor and I are still really good friends."
The supermodel exchanged vows with Kushner in an intimate private ceremony in upstate New York. According to People, the wedding had around 80 guests. 
Swift shared a post to her Instagram story shortly after the news of the wedding broke, confirming she was on tour in Australia at the time.
On the afternoon of Swift's 29th birthday, the model shared a photo of the pair at the 2015 AMAs.
"Proud of you always," Kloss wrote, adding, "Happy Happy Birthday @taylorswift."
The post has since been deleted.
In anticipation of her 30th birthday, Swift penned an essay for Elle titled "30 Things I Learned Before Turning 30."
She cited the importance of acknowledging the difference between "friendships" and "situationships" in her 20s. 
"Something about 'we're in our young twenties!' hurls people together into groups that can feel like your chosen family. And maybe they will be for the rest of your life. Or maybe they'll just be your comrades for an important phase, but not forever. It's sad but sometimes when you grow, you outgrow relationships. You may leave behind friendships along the way, but you'll always keep the memories," the musician wrote. 
Swift also admitted that she began to feel like her "squad" had become the embodiment of her childhood insecurities — like sitting alone at school and lacking a solid friend group. 
When Kloss appeared on "Watch What Happens Live" several days after the essay was published, host Andy Cohen asked what she thought about the essay. 
"Taylor is incredible, and I feel really lucky to call her a friend, and she's one of the hardest working women, and I loved her essay," she said. 
Months after their first wedding, Kloss and Kushner had a larger celebration with friends at Brush Creek Ranch in Wyoming.
While Swift didn't appear in any of the photos from the event, Perry and her beau Orlando Bloom did. 
Braun, who was at odds with Swift even before he infamously purchased her former record company, was also photographed the event with his then-wife Yael Cohen. Braun has been Kloss' manager for years and often shares photos of the supermodel on his Instagram page.
A source close to both Kloss and Swift told Page Six that the "Delicate" singer was invited to both events.
A representative for Kloss told the publication that Swift couldn't attend due to prior commitments. 
The music executive purchased Big Machine Label Group — and Swift's masters — for a reported $300 million in June 2019. After news of the acquisition broke, Swift aired her grievances in a Tumblr post. 
"I learned about Scooter Braun's purchase of my masters as it was announced to the world," Swift wrote. "All I could think about was the incessant, manipulative bullying I've received at his hands for years."
The singer explained that she "pleaded for a chance to own my work" for years before the sale but was instead offered to "sign back up to Big Machine Records and 'earn' one album back at a time, one for every new one I turned in."
Following Braun's purchase, celebrities and friends began to take sides, but Kloss stayed quiet. And just months after the acquisition, Kloss went on vacation with the music executive. 
Braun posted a photo of himself on a boat with Kloss and her husband. He wrote in the caption, "Week of laughter."

Week of laughter 😄
A post shared by  Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) on Aug 10, 2019 at 7:27am PDTAug 10, 2019 at 7:27am PDT

Swift surprised fans by announcing the release of her eighth studio album, "Folklore," on July 23, 2020. Along with a tweet about the album, Swift shared black-and-white images of herself in the woods on Instagram.
Shortly after the musician's announcement, Kloss posted two photos of herself in the forest that looked similar to Swift's pictures.
She captioned the pictures: "happy place."
Given their history, fans wondered if the supermodel's photo was a nod to Swift's album, though she never directly mentioned "Folklore" or Swift in her post.
Later in the day, she also posted a video about her coding camp's partnership with Estée Lauder Companies. The opening segment shows lines of code, two of which have the words "Easter Egg" in them. 
Because the video came on the same day as the announcement from Swift, who's known for including Easter eggs about her personal life in her music, fans theorized that Kloss was subtly hinting about her relationship with Swift. Others wondered if Kloss secretly inspired any of the intricate songs on "Folklore."
Swift surprise-released her ninth album "Evermore" on December 11, 2020. Like its sister "Folklore," the tracklist is packed with sly winks and details that hint at Swift's emotional state.
One month later, Swift released two bonus tracks for the deluxe edition of "Evermore." One of the songs, titled "It's Time to Go," sparked speculation about her relationship with Kloss.
In the first verse, Swift sings, "When the words of a sister come back in whispers / That prove she was not in fact what she seemed / Not a twin from your dreams / She's a crook who was caught."
The words "sister" and "twin" led fans to wonder if Swift was referring to Kloss, a fellow tall blondie. (Throughout their friendship, the media also referred to them as "sisters separated at birth.")
Fans also theorized that "whispers" and "crook" meant that Swift felt betrayed when their friendship ended. The song is about knowing when to leave a situation that's no longer serving you ("Sometimes giving up is the strong thing"), so an former friendship fits the overall theme.
The other "Evermore" bonus track, "Right Where You Left Me," is the inverse narrative. Swift sings about feeling abandoned and alone, unable to get over a past relationship.
The opening line, "Friends break up, friends get married," could refer to her apparent "break up" with Kloss, who got married to Kushner shortly after.
"I swear you could hear a hair pin drop / Right when I felt the moment stop / Glass shattered on the white cloth / Everybody moved on, I stayed there," Swift sings in the chorus.
The image of glass shattering against white cloth could reference a well-known tradition in Judaism, in which newlyweds stomp on a glass that's covered by a napkin. According to People, Kloss and Kushner had a Jewish wedding ceremony.
Nearly five years after they were last photographed together, Kloss shocked fans by attending the final show on the US leg of the Eras Tour.
According to photos and videos from the event, Kloss was seated in a regular section, as opposed to the VIP tent with other celebrities like Halsey and Sadie Sink.
She was also filmed singing along to hits like "Shake It Off" and "Bad Blood." Serendipitously, this was the same night Swift chose to announce the recorded version of "1989" — the very album that Kloss heard before anyone else back in 2014.
Swift released her 11th studio album, "The Tortured Poets Department," on April 19, 2024. The deluxe edition includes a song called "Thank You Aimee," which fans have interpreted as a Kardashian diss track.
Amid rumors and headlines about the song rehashing Swift and Kardashian's longtime feud, the reality star decided to share an old group photo of herself with Kloss. (She didn't tag Kloss in the post, only Derek Blasberg.)
The motive is unclear, though many Swifties believe Kardashian was simply trying to stir the pot.
Jump to