For copyright infringement cases involving musical compositions,
courts and juries are often tasked with determining whether two
songs are "substantially similar," the legal standard
required to show infringement.
Most casual music fans are aware of similarities that exist
between popular songs, such as the often remarked-upon similar
guitar riff intros of "Last Nite" by The Strokes and "American Girl" by Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers. In that instance, the Strokes' Julian
Casablancas did eventually remark that the relevant portion of
"Last Nite" may have been inspired by "American
Girl," to which Tom Petty said "OK, good for you."
However, not all music copyright owners are as understanding as Mr.
Petty (years later, he actually did initiate a dispute with Sam Smith for allegedly infringing
"I Won't Back Down").
Since copyright protection only extends to original
works, a party alleging infringement must show that the infringing
song shares original, protectable musical elements with
the infringed song, as opposed to commonplace musical elements
which were widely used by others before the infringed song was even
written. For example, it would be an uphill battle for an
infringement plaintiff to argue that a standard bass-snare drum
pattern in 4/4 time should be considered an original, protectable
musical element, given that such drum patterns have appeared in
countless songs going back very far in time. Accordingly, parties
in high-stakes copyright infringement suits often seek out renowned
musicologists to serve as expert witnesses and opine on which
shared elements between songs are actually
protectable.
So, what types of musical elements are considered original and
protectable for copyright purposes? And how many such elements need
to be shared between two songs in order to support a finding of
substantial similarity?
Below is an overview of a few musicological factors which have
been considered by courts in selected high-profile cases.
The underlying chord progression in a song can be a defining
feature, the bedrock on top of which a melody is constructed. Chord
progressions are intertwined with the concept of harmonic rhythm,
which refers to the timing of chord changes in a progression.
In Griffin v. Sheeran and in Structured Asset Sales, LLC v.
Sheeran, both of which concerned a claim against Ed
Sheeran alleging that Sheeran's "Thinking Out Loud"
infringed on Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get It
On," the plaintiffs argued that the two songs shared the
same chord progression (specifically, a I – iii –
IV – V progression), as well as the same harmonic
rhythm, and that the combination of those elements was sufficient
to establish substantial similarity. In Griffin, the
defense pointed out that the chord progression at issue appeared in
at least thirteen songs and in two guitar method books prior to the
release of "Let's Get It On" (there was less evidence
of prior works bearing the same harmonic rhythm), and a jury
eventually found for Sheeran. In Structured Asset Sales,
the court noted that both the chord progression and harmonic rhythm
at issue were unprotectable, and while all musical works are in
some way composed of the selection and arrangement of unprotectable
elements, the combination of just two such elements is not enough
to support a claim of substantial similarity.
Musical lyrics are also subject to copyright protection, as the
artistic expression of a musical work often comes from the
interplay between the music and lyrics. Song lyrics are generally,
but not always, arranged in some sort of rhyming structure.
Especially in hip-hop, lyrics can be dense with word play and
cultural references, including references to works by other
artists.
In Peters v. West, in which a hip-hop
artist named Vince P alleged that Kanye West's song "Stronger"
infringed Vince P's song of the same name, the plaintiff
claimed that the hook in West's "Stronger" copied the
lyrical theme and rhyming structure of plaintiff's
"Stronger", as well as the song title and a reference to
Kate Moss. The court noted that Nietzche's phrase "what
does not kill me, makes me stronger" (the shared theme of the
two songs) had been "repeatedly invoked in song lyrics over
the past century" and there was even another hit song at the
time (2012) with the same theme, "Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)" by
Kelly Clarkson. The court found that the "ubiquity of
[the] common saying, together with its repeated use in other
songs" suggested that West's title and lyrical theme did
not infringe on plaintiff's "Stronger." As for the
rhyming structures, both of which rhymed "stronger" with
"wronger" and "longer" in a chorus that
otherwise featured different wording, the court found that the
rhyming of these particular terms was not protectable. Finally, as
for the references to Kate Moss, which plaintiff argued was a
unique lyrical reference, the court found that the verses in
question were otherwise different and a reference to a famous and
well-known model is not protectable expression.
The melody of a song is often its most recognizable and
memorable feature. Melodies are constructed of a series of notes
performed in a particular rhythm, and each note in the melody
comprises a different "scale degree" (i.e., the relation
of the note to the underlying key of the song). As with other
musicological factors, the question of whether two melodies are
close enough to support a finding of substantial similarity is
dependent on the extent to which the melodies share protectable
elements.
In Gray v. Hudson, plaintiff
Flame and his co-writers alleged that Katy Perry's "Dark Horse"
infringed plaintiff's song "Joyful Noise" by using a highly
similar "ostinato" (or repeating series of instrumental
notes) throughout. The court found that, while the respective
ostinatos consisted of the same general rhythm and scale degrees,
the copyright protection was very "thin" as the ostinatos
mostly consisted of commonplace musical elements (in this case, a
minor scale note pattern that had been used by many songs in the
past). Given the "thin" protection afforded to
plaintiff's ostinato, the court found that small differences
between two notes in the respective ostinatos were enough to avoid
substantial similarity.
Notably, plaintiff's expert witness musicologist in Gray
v. Hudson relied upon a number of relatively abstract musical
findings, including "texture," "quality and color of
the sound," and the way the "melody moves through musical
space," which the court did not find persuasive on the basis
that such elements were either unprotectable or too abstract for
the substantial similarity analysis. The court also rejected
plaintiff's arguments relating to "timbre," or the
unique sound quality of the relevant notes as performed by
instruments in the respective songs, finding timbre to be
unprotectable by copyright.
The above examples refer to cases in which songs were compared
on the basis of specific prominent features shared between the
songs (the chord progression in the Sheeran cases, the
lyrical themes in Peters v. West, and the ostinato in
Gray v. Hudson). But what about the situation in which a
plaintiff alleges infringement on the basis of a number of shared
musical elements which, in combination, result in substantial
similarity between the works?
In another case, Skidmore v. Led Zeppelin (alleging
that Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to
Heaven" infringed Spirit's "Taurus"), the court
rejected plaintiff's arguments that the songs' melodies
shared multiple elements including the same descending notes in the
bass clef, same duration of pitches, same "combination of
arpeggios and two-note sequences," same melodic rhythm
consisting of steady eighth note beats, and same "pitch
collection," finding such melodic elements by
themselves to be unprotectable. However, as the court noted,
the plaintiff did not argue infringement on the basis of the
"selection and arrangement" of the unprotectable
elements, which may have affected the outcome.
A review of opinions on copyright infringement in the music
composition context suggests that the two songs must share more
than "commonplace" musical elements which have been
incorporated into countless songs before. Furthermore, it generally
appears that more than a few shared musical elements are required
to support a finding of substantial similarity. As demonstrated by
Tom Petty's decision to take legal action against Sam Smith but
not the Strokes, the question of whether two musical works are
substantially similar often depends on a totality of factors rather
than any one musicological element, even if it is an iconic and
recognizable guitar riff.
The content of this article is intended to provide a general
guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought
about your specific circumstances.
Connecting Knowledge & People
POWERED BY MONDAQ AI
© Mondaq® Ltd  1994 - 2025. All Rights Reserved
Mondaq uses cookies on this website. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our Privacy Policy.