Kim Kardashian's fans have revealed an alarming theory that her 'face is sliding down' as they are convinced she has had plastic surgery.
The 43-year-old reality TV fave posed at the Balenciaga Womenswear Fall/Winter 2024-2025 showcase at Paris Fashion Week. She looked stunning with a nude palette of make-up and her hair swept back in a ponytail. As she arrived showing off her killer curves in a form-fitting backless lace dress this weekend, fans all said the same thing. They flocked to Reddit convinced something was different with the KUWTK's legend.
One fan wrote alongside a glam snap of Kim: "Her face is sliding down." The comment was like by several other followers. Meanwhile Kim's fans were convinced she went under he knife to achieve her look. They flocked to social media site Reddit to discuss. One said: "I think it's more likely some side effect of a procedure. Even if her jaw was clenched it shouldn't have one little dimple at the bottom like that unless her fillers are masking the rest of the clenching."
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori leaves very little to the imagination in a very risqué bodysuit
Another agreed: "Maybe an implant? Shape looks different?" Other fans spotted a fashion faux pas from the star too.
A huge label had been left on the back of her dress - perhaps to make a statement as it was too big to miss. Meanwhile Kim's fans were surprised she was even at the show after doing a complete u-turn.
In 2022, Kim Kardashian was forced to release a statement claiming that she was re-evaluating her working relationship with couture fashion brand, Balenciaga. But fast-forward two years and it looks as though the reality TV star has decided to resume her association with the label.
At the time, a host of people across the world called for celebrities to boycott the brand over fears it was happy to exploit children.And on the back of the uproar, Kim was forced to release a statement.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US
She said that she had waited to provide an opinion on the advertising campaign was "not because I haven’t been disgusted and outraged by the recent Balenciaga campaigns, but because I wanted an opportunity to speak to their team to understand for myself how this could have happened."
She added: "The safety of children must be held with the highest regard and any attempts to normalize child abuse of any kind should have no place in our society — period. I appreciate Balenciaga’s removal of the campaigns and apology. In speaking with them, I believe they understand the seriousness of the issue and will take the necessary measures for this to never happen again."
She continued: "I am currently re-evaluating my relationship with the brand, basing it off their willingness to accept accountability for something that should have never happened to begin with — & the actions I am expecting to see them take to protect children.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.