Now 
46
 Mon 
63
 Tue 
73
by Geno Reynolds
TOPICS:
DECATUR, Ill. (WRSP) — The Devon Lakeshore Amphitheater will be celebrating three decades of hip hop at the Devon on September 19th! The show will feature Baby Bash, Petey Pablo, Sugarhill Gang, Tone Loc, and Twista!
This show IS NOT included in the 2024 Devon season ticket package. This is an add on show to the 2024 season ticket package. 2024 Season Ticket Holders will get an email with details about a special pre-sale opportunity.
Tickets for this show will go on April 5th at 2 p.m. at The Devon's website.
Ticket pricing:
$69 Standing Pit(plus applicable fees)
$69 Reserved(plus applicable fees)
$49 Terrace(plus applicable fees)
$39 Lawn(plus applicable fees)
ABOUT BABY BASH
Baby Bash (real name Ronald Ray Bryant) is a 45 year old Latin-American hip-hop artist from Vallejo, California. He first gained mainstream recognition with his 2003 single “Suga Suga” and since then he has gone on to collaborate with some of the biggest names in the industry such as T-Pain, E-40 and Akon. His unique blend of Latin and hip-hop music has earned him a devoted following and critical acclaim.
ABOUT PETEY PABLO
One of the more versatile rappers who came out of the Dirty South school of hip-hop in the early 2000s, multi-gold and Grammy-nominated North Carolina native Petey Pablo has demonstrated the art of mixing poignancy with sharp, gut-wrenching lyrics that reach across age, race and social status. The gruff-voiced MC was born and raised in Greenville, NC, and is best known for rap anthems such as "Raise Up,” “Freek-A-Leek” and “Carolina Colors,” have become mainstays on urban radio and as sports stadiums across the country.
ABOUT SUGARHILL GANG
Coming from the Bronx in New York City in 1979, the Sugarhill Gang jumped over the metaphorical walls of the inner city and into the realm of the mainstream with the first worldwide rap hit, "Rapper's Delight" (1979). Although rap and hip-hop music had existed for quite a few years prior to the Sugarhill Gang's rise to fame, it had failed to move beyond of the African American community, in the 1960s and 1970s. Though disputed by some, many still believe the Sugarhill Gang to be the first professional rap group because they brought this "new" style of music to the general public.
ABOUT TONE LOC
Tone-Loc (born Anthony Smith) soared from obscurity into pop stardom in 1989 when his hoarse voice and unmistakable delivery made the song "Wild Thing" (using a sample from Van Halen's "Jamie's Cryin'") a massive hit. The song was co-written by Marvin Young, better known as Young MC, as was the second single smash, "Funky Cold Medina." The album Loc-ed After Dark became the second rap release ever to top the pop charts. Tone-Loc expanded his horizons into acting in 1992 and 1993, appearing a few times on the Fox sitcom Roc. He was also in the films Posse and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and in 1991 returned to recording with Cool Hand Loc.
ABOUT TWISTA
Carl Terrell Mitchell (born November 27, 1973 in Chicago, Illinois), better known by his stage name Twista and formerly Tung Twista, is an American rapper who once held the title of fastest emcee in the world, being able to pronounce 11.2 syllables per second. In 1992 he released his debut album, Runnin’ Off At Da Mouth, and has since released a further seven albums including 1994’s Resurrection, 1997’s Adrenaline Rush, 2004’s highly successful Kamikaze, 2005’s The Day After and 2007’s Adrenaline Rush 2007. His latest studio album, Category F5, was released in July of 2009.
The first single, “Slow Jamz”, featured Kanye West and Jamie Foxx. It topped the Billboard Hot 100 and world R&B charts in early 2004, and eventually reached number 3 on the UK singles charts. Kamikaze built on the success of “Slow Jamz” to reach the top of the Billboard 200 album chart upon its release in January 2004 and went platinum by March 2004. The second single, “Overnight Celebrity”, became another top 10 Hot 100 hit and a UK top 40 entry, while the third, “So Sexy” (featuring R. Kelly), made the top 40 of the Hot 100. In the UK, the album track “Sunshine”, which featured R&B singer Anthony Hamilton and lifted its chorus from Bill Withers’ “Lovely Day”, was extracted as a third single and became a big hit; this track received comparatively little exposure in the U.S., perhaps because rapper Lil’ Flip had a huge hit there at the same time with a different song of the same title.