Murray Language Academy, 5335 S. Kenwood Ave., July 2024.
For the first time in Chicago history, voters this November will get to elect members to the city’s school board.
As of June 24, more than 40 candidates have filed to run for 10 open seats on the new 21-member Chicago Board of Education, with the remaining spots to be appointed by Mayor Brandon Johnson. Each of the 10 seats represents a district in the city mapped out by the Illinois General Assembly this past spring. 
Locally, three candidates are running in District 6, which encompasses Bronzeville, West Woodlawn, Greater Grand Crossing and the portion of Hyde Park west of Woodlawn Avenue. Four candidates are running in District 10, which represents Woodlawn, Kenwood, South Shore and Hyde Park east of Woodlawn Avenue.  
The Board of Education is the governing body overseeing Chicago Public Schools (CPS), the nation’s fourth largest school district. By 2027, at the expiration of upcoming school board members’ two-year terms, it will become a fully-elected school board.
Here are the candidates running in the Nov. 5 election for District 6 and 10, according to petition filings with the Chicago Board of Elections as of its June 24 deadline. Herald profiles of each candidate are forthcoming.  
Jessica Biggs
Jessica Biggs is a former teacher and CPS principal. 
She holds an Ed.M. in school leadership from the Harvard Graduate School of Education and, in 2020, completed a fellowship at the University of Chicago Civic Leadership Academy. From 2012 to 2018, Biggs served as principal of CPS’ Burke Elementary School in Washington Park. For the last five years, she has worked as an organizer at the Southwest Organizing Project, an interfaith community group, where she focuses on projects related to health equity and community well-being.
Biggs was the first candidate in District 6 to submit her petitions, securing the first ballot spot, according to her campaign website. She is endorsed by Alds. Pat Dowell (3rd) and Lamont Robinson (4th). 
Andre Smith 
Andre Smith is the founder of the nonprofit Chicago Against Violence and a perennial candidate in local elections. 
Born in Bronzeville, Smith grew up in the Robert Taylor Homes and attended DuSable High School. After high school, he received technical training in welding from the Job Corps and opened several barber shops on the South Side. He matriculated at Chicago’s Moody Bible Institute in 1998, after which he served as a minister at Antioch Missionary Baptist Church.
Most recently, Smith unsuccessfully challenged state Rep. Kimberly Neely du Buclet (D-5th) for her seat in the March primary election, where he captured 24.4% of the vote.
Anusha Thotakura
Anusha Thotakura is the deputy director of Citizen Action Illinois, a progressive policy and political coalition.
An alum of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the Harvard Kennedy School, Thotakura has worked for the City of Chicago’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice and has been a campaign manager for state Rep. Nabeela Syed (D-51st). Prior to that, she worked as a middle school math teacher with Teach For America in San Jose, California.
Rev. Robert Jones
Dr. Robert Jones Jr. is a pastor at Bronzeville’s Mt. Carmel Missionary Baptist Church. 
A Harvard alum, Jones has worked in religious institutions since 1978. He is a member of community organizations such as the Lugenia Burns Hope Center, Black Lives Building Together and Chicago Health Equity Coalition. 
Karin Norington-Reaves
Karin Norington-Reaves is a former CPS teacher and founding CEO of the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership. 
Raised in Chicago, Norington-Reaves has worked as an elementary school teacher, attorney, English as a Second Language instructor and adjunct law professor. She has held positions with the U.S. Department of Justice, the Maryland Office of the Attorney General and the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. In her most recent role with the workforce partnership, she oversaw agency efforts to connect job seekers with companies. 
In the 2022 primary election to replace longtime Rep. Bobby Rush (IL-1), she captured 14% of the vote.  
Adam Parrott-Sheffer
Adam Parrott-Sheffer is an education consultant and former CPS principal. 
An alum of the University of Illinois, University of Pennsylvania and the Harvard Graduate School of Education, Parrott-Sheffer previously served as principal at Mary Gage Peterson Elementary, a public school on the city’s North Side. As an education consultant, he provides principals around CPS with leadership coaching.  
Che “Rhymefest” Smith
Che “Rhymefest” Smith is a Grammy Award-winning songwriter and nonprofit leader.
Born and raised in Chatham, Smith is best known for his collaborations with Kanye West and John Legend. Outside of the recording industry, he has taught creative writing as a Dartmouth Montgomery Fellow and led seminars on race, culture and music last fall at the University of Chicago as a Pritzker/Axelrod Fellow. In 2011, he founded the community group Art of Culture, an offshoot of the organization Donda’s House. 
That year, Smith was also an aldermanic candidate for the 20th Ward but came up short against Willie Cochran, capturing 45.4% of the vote. 
Smith is endorsed by Illinois Secretary of State Alexi Giannoulias; state Reps. Kam Buckner (D-26), Kimberly Neely du Buclet (D-5) and Marcus Evans Jr. (D-33); and Alds. Dowell, David Moore (17th) and Jeanette Taylor (20th). 
This story has been updated to reflect candidates that have dropped out of or been removed from their respective school boad races.
- James M. Walton, a former CPS administrator, dropped out of the race for the 10th District seat on Monday, July 8.
- Danielle Wallace, a nonprofit leader, dropped out of the race for the 6th District seat on July 8.
- Brenda Delgado, the board vice president of Raise Your Hand and a former Local School Council member, was removed from the ballot due to insufficient signatures on July 26.
- Rosita Chatonda, a former CPS teacher, dropped out of the race for the 10th District seat on August 16.  
- Nathaniel Ward, the director of community outreach and engagement for City Colleges of Chicago, was removed from the ballot due to insufficient signatures on August 16.
Cloudy skies with periods of rain this afternoon. High around 50F. Winds N at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.  Higher wind gusts possible..
                                
Light rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers overnight. Low 46F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 70%.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 5:23 am

                            Please sign up for our Evening Digest and Breaking Newsletters
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
                                    

Error! There was an error processing your request.
                                    

                            * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: