Zoë Kravitz and Channing Tatum playfully threw shade at each other over their respective portrayals of Catwoman and Gambit during the latest episode of Complex's 'GOAT Talk.'
To promote the Kravitz-directed mystery-thriller Blink Twice, which Tatum stars in, the couple sat down to debate their 'GOATs' in each topics from rappers (Kanye West and André 3000) to directors (Paul Thomas Anderson).
Around the 4-minute mark of the video below, Kravitz chose Catwoman, whom she played in as co-lead in 2022 action flick The Batman, while Tatum opted for Gambit. The actor finally had the chance to play the mutant hero in Deadpool & Wolverine years after a standalone Gambit film was scrapped.
"I can't say anyone other than Gambit," Tatum told Kravitz, whom he's engaged to. "It's weird now because I've actually played him, but he was always the GOAT for me."
"Similarly for me, it's Catwoman," Kravitz replied. 
"I mean, Catwoman's not really a superhero," Tatum said, to which Kravitz asked him to repeat himself.
After some stalling, he added, "I'm not sure if she's 'super,' as in 'superhero,' like what makes [her] a superhero."
Before going for the next card, Kravitz teased her fiancée with an impression of Gambit's New Orleans accent, which Tatum laughed at and told her to "give it a real shot." 
Kravitz flubbed again, turning Gambit's Cajun identity into Jamaican, and did Miss Cleo's "call me now!" slogan.
While the Gambit accent has been the butt of internet jokes since the new Deadpool released, lead actor Ryan Reynolds called the character "a guy Chan was born to play."
pop-culture | BY Joe Price
Zoë Kravitz Reflects on Leaving Her Mother Lisa Bonet to Live with Her Dad, Lenny Kravitz
pop-culture | BY Trey Alston
Ryan Reynolds Thinks Channing Tatum Is the Perfect Gambit
pop-culture | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Zoë Kravitz on Why She Changed Title of Directorial Debut From ‘Pussy Island' to ‘Blink Twice’: ‘We’re Not There Yet’
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.