Bianca Censori’s bikini top was stretched to its limits as she showed off her assets while on a date with husband Kanye West Friday evening.
The pair was photographed enjoying each other’s company at Bludso’s BBQ before heading to watch “A Quiet Place: Day One” at a movie theater in the Century City neighborhood of Los Angeles.
Censori, 29, left little to the imagination in a barely-there, silver bikini top paired with skintight, sheer boyshorts. 
She completed her look with clear heels and a camouflage-print baseball cap. The Yeezy architect wore her short black tresses down.
West, 47, opted for a casual ensemble of black shorts and a gray hoodie paired for their latest outing.
Censori kept a straight face and lovingly held onto the rapper’s arm as they arrived to the movie theater.
Of course, this is far from the first revealing look Censori has rocked in public lately. 
Just last month, she turned heads in Italy when she sported a risqué bodysuit before later wearing nothing but a clear poncho for a dinner date.
The couple’s quality time together comes days after 22-year-old model Mikaela Lafuente claimed the Yeezy founder asked her to hang out despite being married. 
“The message was pretty odd as I had never spoken to him or seen him in person before,” Lafuente reportedly said in a since-deleted post on social media.
“I don’t think it’s acceptable to be messaging other women when you’re married,” she added. “It’s not acceptable and it’s something I’d stand behind forever.”
West never responded to the claim. 
For more Page Six Style ..
Earlier this month, Censori hit back at allegations that she sent inappropriate content to Yeezy employees after West announced the launch of his adult film business “Yeezy Porn.”
“I’ve been authorized by Bianca to stress that any allegation that she showed or caused to be shown any pornographic material to minors is offensive, disgusting, abhorrent and categorically and wholly false,” the rapper’s former chief of staff Milo Yiannopoulos said in a statement to Page Six.
West wed Censori in December 2022 — one month after finalizing his divorce from Kim Kardashian.
Their relationship has been scrutinized ever since, with Censori’s loved ones even reportedly staging an intervention last fall amid concerns that she was allegedly being controlled by the musician.
However, a longtime pal of hers told Page Six in June that she acts differently when she’s “off the clock” from West and was “back to normal” during a recent trip to her native Australia.
Advertisement