Kanye West and Bianca Censori are preparing to celebrate their second anniversary. The rapper and the Australian architect tied the knot in December 2022 after he finalized his divorce from Kim Kardashian. The pair went on to travel around the world, causing commotion and making headlines, with Bianca stepping into the spotlight with her revealing outfits.
Two years after their union, the pair are reportedly renewing their wedding vows following divorce rumors and speculation about struggles in their marriage. Kanye and Bianca recently moved to Los Angeles after spending several weeks in Tokyo, with the rapper purchasing a lavish mansion in Beverly Hills to start a new chapter of their lives. 
"It's no secret people have been whispering that Bianca is walking away, so this wedding is as much about celebrating their love as it is about showing the world that they're solid," an insider told Radar Online. "He's very much going for shock value. He's really into the idea of both of them walking down the aisle in barely-there outfits," they added.
It was also reported that the couple is planning to have many of their celebrity friends during the special occasion, as they previously had a small private wedding in 2022. "[Kanye] wants all his famous friends there and is saying he's flying people in from all over," the source said.
The publication reported that the rapper wants his family to attend the wedding, including his ex Kim Kardashian. However, she might not accept the invitation. 
It was reported by the Daily Mail that their recent move to Los Angeles is an effort to save their marriage. "This house was a last-ditch effort to save their marriage because Kanye knows what she wants, which is a family and to be grounded. But her family don't know if Kanye is going to give this to her."
"Bianca has wanted stability for well over a year now," the insider shared with the publication amid their latest Beverly Hills purchase.
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.