St. Louis American
Stay Informed, Stay Empowered in STL
Subscribe to The St. Louis American‘s free weekly newsletter for critical stories, community voices, and insights that matter.
Multi GRAMMY-winning singer, songwriter, producer, instrumentalist, and keyboard master Cory Henry will kick off his “Music For Yo Soul! 2024 World Tour” in St. Louis at 7 p.m. Friday May 3, 2024 at Delmar Hall, 6161 Delmar Boulevard.
The tour, which runs through July 18, includes stops in Canada, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, France, the UK, and throughout the United States – including a performance at Los Angeles’ historic Hollywood Bowl.

			Thank you for supporting local Black journalism!		
Henry has also just released two new singles “Burdens Down” (featuring Eric Gales) and “Go to God in Prayer” (featuring Janice McDonald, Cory’s Grandmother).
The songs, which are available now with digital pre-order, are the first from his upcoming and first-ever Gospel album “CHURCH.”
Released on Sunday, February 25, 2024, Henry embodied his musical experiences growing up in Brooklyn, New York’s Unity Temple Church into a 23-track album.
The record, which features appearances from Raphael Saadiq, The Ton3, Robert Randolph, and gospel legends Donnie McClurkin, John P. Kee, Kierra Sheard and Kim Burrell also features two very special posthumous appearances by the late Bishop Carlton Pearson and Cory’s mother, Marie Henry, who taught him how to play music starting at two years of age. 
Henry is also showcased on the PBS special “GOSPEL” the latest history series from Henry Louis Gates, Jr. which digs deep into the origin story of Black spirituality through sermon and song.
Formerly a member of the multi GRAMMY-winning acclaimed jazz fusion group Snarky Puppy, Henry has made an influential and award winning mark with his talents across multiple genres, including jazz, R&B, Latin, gospel and more. He has worked with a range of artists including Rosalía (co-producer – Motomami, 2022 Album of The Year Latin GRAMMY Award winner), Kanye West (co-producer – Donda, 2022 Album of The Year GRAMMY Award nominee), Frank Ocean, Imagine Dragons, Jazmine Sullivan, among others.
‘God Kept Me’ is Norris-Jackson’s testimony
Gospel artist Lisa Norris-Jackson worked for 35 years recording features and background vocals for artists including The 3rd Ecclesiastical Jurisdictional COGIC Shekinah Choir, FAW Celebration Choir with Bishop Frank A. White, Arene Lomax and the Remnant, and Jeff Roberson and Nulife began.
Two years ago, she was inspired to begin writing her own music, and in 2023, she released her debut single, “I Am.”
Norris-Jackson is back in 2024 with a new single “God Kept Me.”
Jackson passionately declares that “God Kept Me” “is a song of testimony acknowledging every dark valley experience that God carried me through,” on a YouTube video.
“It’s about how grateful I am that His word spoke to me to bring me through every hard time, pain, betrayal. We are still living and breathing because of Him I just want to say thank you. 
“I will never forget that it wasn’t by chance or luck, but it was God who kept me through it all.” 
According to a Bellamy Group release, “God Kept Me” features Jackson’s robust vocals set to a backdrop of commanding horns provided by the famed Mo’Horns and a bouncy jazz piano by Matthias Patrick. 
“Jackson delivers an uplifting surge of praise and thankfulness that envelops you, inviting you to celebrate the divine providence and strength encapsulated throughout the song.”
She says she is “very humble” in her approach to music ministry, understanding that if God gives you a gift, you must use it for Him and not measure it to others.
“And, if God sends you, He is with You.”
She serves as assistant pastor and associate pastor of music & performing arts at the Realm of Agape Christian Church in Coren, New York, where her husband Anthony A. Jackson is senior pastor.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
2315 Pine StreetSt. Louis, MO 63103Phone: (314) 533-8000Email: editor@stlamerican.com

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

https://www.stlamerican.com/. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.