ByToni Fitzgerald
ByToni Fitzgerald,
 Senior Contributor. 
Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour.
Taylor Swift has put together one of the most impressive careers in music history —and she’s arguably just getting started. From her early years as a teenage country singer to her reinvention as a pop star to the incredible business acumen she developed later in her career, Swift keeps creating hit after hit. She has weathered her fair share of controversies and orchestrated one of the most successful tours of all time. She is a gifted songwriter whose relatable relationship issues connect her to fans. As a longtime Swiftie or new fan, you may wonder how to listen to the Taylor Swift albums in order.
Taylor Swift is one of the most influential singers and songwriters of her era. Born in 1989, she released her first album in 2006 and toured with country acts, then gradually shifted to pop music. Swift has released 14 albums, and her net worth soared to $1.1 billion following 2023’s wildly popular Eras Tour.
Her releases include four rerecordings of earlier albums (these Taylor Swift albums are known as Taylor’s Version), stemming from one of Taylor Swift’s biggest controversies. She most famously beefed with rapper Kanye West after he stole the mic from her while she was accepting a Video Music Award in 2009. Their feud played out over their respective recordings in the years to follow. She also sparred with producer Scooter Braun, who then acquired the rights to Swift’s early hits in 2019. Swift has won 12 Grammys from 53 nominations, earned eight Academy of Country Music Awards, and taken home 23 Video Music Awards.
Taylor Swift has recorded 10 studio albums, with four rerecordings of her previously released albums:
1. Taylor Swift (2006)
2. Fearless (2008)
3. Speak Now (2010)
4. Red (2012)
5. 1989 (2014)
6. Reputation (2017)
7. Lover (2019)
8. Folklore (2020)
9. Evermore (2020)
10. Fearless (Taylor's Version) (2021)
11. Red (Taylor's Version) (2021)
12. Midnights (2022)
13. Speak Now (Taylor's Version) (2023)
14. 1989 (Taylor's Version) (2023)
15. The Tortured Poets Department (2024)
Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour.
A country album released when Swift was just 16 years old, Taylor Swift launched her career with hits like “Our Song” and “Should’ve Said No,” which both hit No. 1 on the Hot Country charts. With Swift, she also became one of the first artists to promote an album heavily on MySpace.
Swift was the first female country artist ever to write or co-write every song on a debut country platinum album, earning her further accolades in an industry that had long favored older male artists. Swift was a commercial and critical success, receiving good reviews from the New York Times and Rolling Stone. It earned an Album of the Year nomination from the Academy of Country Music. You can listen to Taylor Swift on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift’s second studio album dropped just a few weeks shy of her 19th birthday. Five singles charted from the album, including “You Belong With Me,” which became the first country song to hit No. 1 on Billboard’s Radio Songs hit list. “Me” also won the VMA that sparked the Kanye controversy.
Fearless earned Grammy awards for Album of the Year and Best Country Album, and single “White House” picked up two more awards. Swift became the Grammys’ youngest-ever Album of the Year winner. In fact, Fearless is the most-honored country album ever; it also won Country Music Association Awards and Academy of Country Music Awards prizes for Album of the Year. You can listen to Fearless on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift wrote her third album all by herself and released it when she was 20 years old. It marked her transition into more of a pop sound, though you can still hear the country influence. The album sold 1 million copies in the U.S. in its first week, ultimately going platinum six times.
Critics noted that the album took on a more confrontational and confessional bent than her previous efforts, reflecting Swift’s transition from adolescence to adulthood. The VMAs dustup with West, for example, inspired the track “Innocent.” Critics generally lauded the more mature tone from Swift and appreciated her move outside country — though it still earned Billboard’s Country Album of the Year award and the single “Mean” earned two country prizes. You can listen to Speak Now on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift released Red at age 22. The album focuses on her personal life, exploring what happens when romance fades. It added some rock influence to her country pop style and made Swift the first female artist to achieve three straight albums atop the Billboard 200 for at least six weeks.
She once again received Album of the Year and Best Country Album nods at the Grammys plus a CMAA nod for Album of the Year. Swift collaborated with artists including Snow Patrol’s Gary Lightbody and Ed Sheeran on the album, which included smashes like “I Knew You Were Trouble When You Walked In” and “We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.” Red received the most mixed reviews to that point in Swift’s career, though they were still largely positive—critics seemed to struggle with the fact that she’d grown up, but fans loved it. You can listen to Red on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Taylor Swift talks to Amy Robach about the debut of "1989" on "Good Morning America" in 2014.
Continuing her blistering pace of an album every two years, Swift released her fifth studio album, 1989, when she was 24. You can hear the electronic influence of producer Max Martin on the album, her first “true” pop collection. Swift challenged the industry by refusing to release 1989 electronically and still selling 10 million copies.
The album was a huge commercial and critical hit, earning Swift Grammys for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album. Hit singles included “Shake It Off” and “Wildest Dreams,” and of course the songs sparked endless speculation about who Taylor was talking about — she was rumored to be with Harry Styles during writing and production of the album. You can listen to 1989 on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift responded to media scrutiny following her pivot to pop on Reputation — at times angry, at times frustrated, ultimately finding strength in love. It also marked Swift’s final album released by Big Machine Records, where she signed as a teenager. She didn’t do any press for the release and even scrubbed her social media accounts.
Singles like “Look What You Made Me Do” showed a new side of the then-27-year-old singer, and not everyone approved. Critics gave the album a chillier reception than her previous ones; more recently, though, critics looking back on the album have softened that response. Reputation still went four times platinum and earned Swift a Grammy nod for Best Pop Vocal Album. You can listen to Reputation on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Following Swift’s breakup with Big Machine, she landed at Republic Records for her seventh studio album, Lover. She dedicated this “love letter” in part to her fans, who supported her through the controversies from Reputation and during the subsequent hit stadium tour. She also did press again for this album after going silent for Reputation.
Swift, who released Lover at age 29, hit the Billboard top 10 with the album’s first three releases, including “You Need to Calm Down” and “Me!” with Panic! at the Disco’s Brandon Urie. The album outsold every other release that year with 3.2 million copies, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry. Lover earned loads of accolades for Swift, including four VMAs, Grammy nods for Song of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, and an American Music Award for Favorite Pop/Rock Album. You can listen to Lover on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Taylor Swift, winner of Album of the Year for "Folklore," poses in the media room in 2021.
A new Taylor Swift album at the height of the pandemic was exactly what the public needed. The surprise drop, released by the 31-year-old singer following the cancellation of the Lover tour due to COVID-19, was produced virtually by Aaron Dessner and Jack Antonoff. It’s a storytelling departure from previous albums, which were more personal.
Folklore sets a mood with mellow ballads and a more folky style. “Exile,” featuring Bon Iver, became Swift’s sixth single to top the Billboard charts, and the album received perhaps the best critical response of the singer’s impressive career. It won Album of the Year at the Grammys, making Swift the first female performer ever to accomplish that feat three times. Rolling Stone later named it to its list of 500 greatest albums of all time. You can listen to Folklore on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Two days before her 31st birthday and five months after Folklore’s release, Swift put out her ninth studio album, Evermore. Again, she avoided more personal tunes to embrace a folk vibe, with critics calling the sister album to Folklore an escapist blend of indie rock and chamber pop.
Evermore raked in more critical kudos, receiving an Album of the Year nomination and selling 1 million copies in its first week. It became Swift’s eighth consecutive album to top the Billboard chart upon its debut. The single “Willow” earned Swift’s eighth time atop the singles chart, while “No Body, No Crime” and “Coney Island” both also became popular releases. You can listen to Evermore on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
In 2021, following a long feud with Braun, who owned rights to her early catalogue, Swift began rerecording her earlier albums in a series dubbed “Taylor’s Version.” Her fans refer to the earlier albums under these names as the “Stolen Versions.”
Starting with Fearless, released when she was 31, Swift reimagined the albums by using the same arrangements but updating the vocals and instrumentation. They also have “From the Vault” songs that weren’t released on the original versions. Fearless (Taylor’s Version) became the first rerecorded album to achieve No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, and while critical response was warm, the bigger impact came in conversations sparked by Taylor’s Versions within the artistic community about who should hold song rights. You can listen to Fearless (Taylor’s Version) on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift’s second rerelease, which came out a month before her 32nd birthday and just months after the Fearless rerelease, features 30 songs, including 10 that weren’t on the original album. Six were “From the Vault” selections. It gave Swift four Billboard 200 chart-topping albums in 16 months, a new record.
Notably, the revised “All Too Well,” which lasts 10 minutes, became the longest song ever to top the charts. The album also earned Swift yet another Grammy award and two American Music Awards. You can listen to Red (Taylor’s Version) on Spotify, YouTube Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Taylor Swift fans celebrate during a listening party for her new album, "Midnights" at Woodie's Flat ... More on Thursday, Oct. 20, 2022, in Chicago.
Somehow Swift also found time to release her 10th studio album, called Midnights because it focused on what keeps her up at night. It was a return to the autobiographical style of songwriting her fans adore, including ruminations on love, heartbreak and self-doubt. Of course, Midnights became her 11th straight Billboard 200 No. 1.
It sold a million copies in a week and became 2022’s bestselling album despite being released in October, a couple months short of Swift’s 33rd birthday. Midnights earned critical kudos, too, making many entertainment publications’ list of top 2022 albums and receiving six Grammy nods. Most notably, though, it gave birth to the Eras Tour, which became the first concert tour in history to gross more than $1 billion. You can listen to Midnights on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift’s had a busy 2023. In addition to touring, she released two Taylor’s Versions. The first, Speak Now (Taylor’s Version), released in July, when she was 33. The album has more of a rock feel than the original, with six “From the Vault” songs. It became Swift’s 12th straight to top the Billboard 200.
The achievement also gave Swift another career milestone: She broke Barbra Streisand’s record for most No. 1 albums by a female singer. Plus, all 22 songs from the album appeared in the Billboard Hot 100. Some critics were salty about the lyric change in “Better than Revenge,” but the album received generally strong reviews. Spotify users set a record with more than 126 million streams of the album on the day of its release (1989 (Taylor’s Version) broke the record a few months later). You can listen to Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Swift closed out 2023 by releasing 1989 (Taylor’s Version) in late October, the then-33-year-old’s second rerelease of the year. It set streaming records on Spotify and Amazon Music, plus it became her bestselling week on the Billboard charts, marking her 13th chart-topping album.
1989 (Taylor’s Version) had seven songs in the Billboard top 10 at once, including three “From the Vault” selections. The Kendrick Lamar remix of “Bad Blood” drew particularly strong critical and fan response. The rerelease came nine years to the date after the original 1989 album came out. You can listen to 1989 (Taylor’s Version) on Spotify, YouTube Music, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Deezer and Pandora.
Taylor Swift accepts the Favorite Pop Album award for "Red (Taylor’s Version)" onstage during the ... More 2022 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater.
During her 2024 Grammys acceptance speech for Best Pop Vocal Album for Midnights, the singer announced a new Taylor Swift album, titled The Tortured Poets Department, which was released on April 19, 2024 to a breathless reception from fans.
Taylor Swift began rerecording her albums in 2021, two years after Braun purchased Scott Borchetta’s Big Machine Records, Swift’s original label. Swift had already left the label for Republic Records and, according to her 2019 Tumblr post, had begged Borchetta to let her buy back her work.
He instead told her she could continue to record albums for Big Machine and “earn” her songs back. She refused, and when Borchetta sold, it was to a man Swift said had bullied and gaslighted her for years, partly through his client, West, whom Swift accused of making “a revenge porn music video which strips my body naked.” The rereleases include new songs she wrote for the albums but didn’t include on the original versions, dubbed “From the Vault” releases. Swift plans to rerecord two more of her original albums, Taylor Swift and Reputation, the first and last albums Braun owns, but has not said when those will be released.
Bottom Line
Taylor Swift has become one of her generation’s most iconic singers and songwriters, and she has proved that even when she redoes an original song, she still has something new to say. You will find something to enjoy on every one of Taylor Swift’s albums in her discography.