By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  07:17, 19 April 2024   |  Updated:  08:42, 2 May 2024   
 7
View  comments
Taylor Swift name drops fellow musical artists Charlie Puth and Patti Smith, while also paying homage to late poet Dylan Thomas, on her new album The Tortured Poets Department, which includes a poem penned by Stevie Nicks.
The Grammy-winning artist's latest album includes the poem that is showcased as the 'written prologue on the record,' penned by the Fleetwood Mac artist, 75, titled 'For T and me...' People reported Thursday.
Nicks noted that she penned the work in Austin, Texas on August 13, 2023.
The poem reads: 'He was in love with her / Or at least she thought so / She was brokenhearted / Maybe he was too.'
The work from Nicks makes reference to a pair of star-crossed lovers, who she described as one 'way too hot to handle' and one 'way too high to try,' according to the outlet. 
Taylor Swift, 34, name drops fellow musical artists Charlie Puth, 32, and Patti Smith, 77, while also paying homage to late poet Dylan Thomas, on her new album The Tortured Poets Department, which included a poem penned by Stevie Nicks, 75. Pictured in LA in February 
Swift and Nicks have past performed together, belting out the songs You Belong with Me and Rhiannon at the 2010 Grammys in Los Angeles 
Nicks told TODAY.com last fall that she feels her honesty in her artistry has rubbed off on Swift.
'I never don't tell the truth,' Nicks said. 'And I think that's something that if Taylor Swift, who is my friend, if Taylor got anything from me, that's what she got. I don't ever lie in my songs - and if you broke up with me, I don't put I broke up with you. I tell the truth, always.'
Swift, 34, and Nicks have past performed together, belting out the songs You Belong with Me and Rhiannon at the 2010 Grammys. Swift went on to say performing alongside Nicks was a 'fairy tale and an honor,' according to People.
Nicks, who does not perform on the record, was also referenced in Swift's lyrics in the album on the track Clara Bow, with the lyrics: 'You look like Stevie Nicks in ‘75, the hair and lips/ Crowd goes wild at her fingertips, half moonshine, a full eclipse.'
Swift mentioned singer-songwriter Charlie Puth, 32, on the title track The Tortured Poets Department with the lyrics, 'You smoked then ate seven bars of chocolate/ We declared Charlie Puth should be a bigger artist.' 
The chorus of the song also includes references to singer-songwriter-poet Smith, 77, and late Welsh poet Dylan Thomas, who died in 1953 at the age of 39 after an illness. 
The chorus of the song is, 'I laughed in your face and said, "You're not Dylan Thomas. I'm not Patti Smith. This ain't the Chelsea Hotel. We're modern idiots."' 
Another potential pop reference on the album came with the track But Daddy I Love Him, which some fans interpreted as a reference to dialogue from The Little Mermaid between Ariel and King Triton over Prince Eric, according to Today.com. 
The chorus of the song The Tortured Poets Department also includes references to singer-songwriter-poet Patti Smith, 77, pictured last month in Paris 
Swift mentioned singer-songwriter Charlie Puth, 32, on the title track The Tortured Poets Department with the lyrics, 'You smoked then ate seven bars of chocolate/ We declared Charlie Puth should be a bigger artist.' Puth pictured earlier this month in LA 
Late Welsh poet Dylan Thomas, who died in 1953 at the age of 39 after an illness, is mentioned in the title track. Pictured in 1947 
1. Fortnight (feat. Post Malone)
2. The Tortured Poets Department
3. My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys
4. Down Bad
5. So Long, London
6. But Daddy I Love Him
7. Fresh Out The Slammer
8. Florida!!! (feat. Florence + The Machine)
9. Guilty As Sin?
10. Who's Afraid Of Little Old Me
11. I Can Fix Him (No I Really Can)
12. loml
13. I Can Do It With A Broken Heart
14. The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived
15. The Alchemy
16. Clara Bow
17. The Black Dog
18. Imgonnagetyouback
19. The Albatross
20. Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus
21. How Did It End?
22. So High School
23. I Hate It Here
24. Thank you Aimee
25. I Look in People's Windows
26. The Prophecy
27. Cassandra
28. Peter
29. The Bolter
30. Robin
31. The Manuscript
The track consisted of Swift narrating in contrast to what the other messages in the song, saying, 'I just learned these people only raise you just to cage you.' 
Swift on Friday officially dropped The Tortured Poets Department - her 11th studio album. The album has a total of four versions, as well as 16 songs and a bonus track titled The Manuscript.
The Bad Blood songstress - who recently teased a 'timetable' to her fans ahead of the LP's release - initially announced the album while attending the 2024 Grammys earlier this year in February.
The title of her latest work had caused fans to speculate that the name was aimed at her ex, Joe Alwyn, 33. And earlier this week, Swift appeared to reference the actor as she shared lyrics from the album on X.
Hours before the album dropped, Swift revealed that the album's lead single would be Fortnight featuring rapper/singer Post Malone.
She also released a moody teaser for the song's music video, which will be released Friday at 8pm EST.
As the album hit streaming platforms Thursday night, Swift published a lengthy statement on Instagram where she described it as 'an anthology of new works that reflect events, opinions and sentiments from a fleeting and fatalistic moment in time - one that was both sensational and sorrowful in equal measure.' 
 Taylor Swift has officially dropped her new album The Tortured Poets Department
It is the Bad Blood singer's 11th studio album since she burst onto the music scene in 2006
As the album hit streaming platforms Thursday night, Swift published a lengthy statement
She continued: 'This period of the author's life is now over, the chapter closed and boarded up. There is nothing to avenge, no scores to settle once wounds have healed. And upon further reflection, a good number of them turned out to be self-inflicted.
'This writer is of the firm belief that our tears become holy in the form of ink on a page. Once we have spoken our saddest story, we can be free of it.
'And then all that's left behind is the tortured poetry,' concluded Swift, as she announced: 'THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT is out now.'
Along with her thought provoking words, the lyricist shared a slideshow of gorgeous black-and-white portraits as part of the album's artwork.
Taylor's devout fanbase quickly flooded social media with their reactions - with many calling TTPD 'the best album Taylor has made, with some people saying they were 'crying' over the songs as they branded it a 'masterpiece' and praised her lyricism.
As if the excitement over a new album weren't enough, fans were shocked to discover that two-hour countdown went live on Swift's Instagram page immediately after The Tortured Poets Department was released.
It seemingly suggests a potential new announcement or a surprise coming at 2:00. a.m. ET; The singer has dropped numerous hints in the past days that the 2:00 a.m. hour has a special meaning.
Many fans also speculated that the star might be planning to release her version of her 2017 album Reputation, in the same way she's been re-recording her former records amid a battle for ownership of her work.
Swift has teased the 2:00 o'clock on numerous occasion in the past weeks. In a teaser video for the release of the album she had a clock on the wall which was stuck at the 2:00 hour.
Along with her thought provoking words, the lyricist shared a slideshow of gorgeous black-and-white portraits as part of the album's artwork 
'Once we have spoken our saddest story, we can be free of it,' she wrote
'And then all that's left behind is the tortured poetry,' concluded Swift, as she announced: 'THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT is out now'
Your browser does not support iframes.
The clocks at the library pop-up and in her mysterious Fortnight music video announcement from earlier this week have all been set to 2 o'clock as well. 
At her Tortured Poets Spotify library installation in Los Angeles there was a peace-sign statuette.
While taking to the Grammys stage two months earlier, Swift sent Swifties into a frenzy as she revealed that a new album was on the way. 
She did so while accepting the award for Best Pop Vocal Album. 'I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I have been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand-new album comes out April 19th,' she told the audience.
'It's called The Tortured Poets Department. I'm going to go and post the cover right now backstage,' she excitedly concluded. 
At the time, she shared a black and white album cover photo - which showed Taylor laying in a bed while sporting a black shirt and shorts. A stream of light could also be seen shining down on her. 
In the captioned, she had penned, 'All's fair in love and poetry... New album THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT. Out April 19,' followed by a white heart emoji. 
There are three additional versions of The Tortured Poets Department: The Bolter, The Albatross and The Black Dog. Each version - which could be pre-ordered by listeners - also contain an exclusive track. 
One day after her album announcement, Swift dropped the official track list to the LP. She also has collaborations with other artists such as Post Malone on Fortnight and Florence & The Machine on the song called Florida!!!
As if 16 songs weren't enough, fans learned Thursday that Swift included a 'summary poem' with the album, where she appears to allude to the end of her and Alwyn's relationship as well as the fling with rocker Matty Healy that kicked off soon after.
Your browser does not support iframes.
After TTPD was released, fans were left stunned as they noticed a two-hour countdown went live on her Instagram page
The Tortured Poets Department has a total of four versions, as well as a 16 songs and a bonus track titled The Manuscript
Taylor's devout fanbase quickly flooded social media with their reactions - with many calling TTPD 'the best album Taylor has made'
Titled 'In Summation,' Swift makes a 'plea for temporary insanity' and admits that 'it's the worst men that I write best.'
'As you might all unfortunately recall / I had been struck with a case of a restricted humanity / Which explains my plea here today of temporary insanity,' the Grammy-winner begins.
She then talks of becoming a 'caged beast' after the end of hers and Alwyn's six-year relationship and the 'chaos' that ensued in the months that followed.
'And so I was out of the oven and into the microwave / Out of the slammer and into a tidal wave,' Swift writes.
'And so I enter into evidence/ My tarnished coat of arms / My muses, acquired like bruises / My talismans and charms / The tick, tick, tick of love bombs/ My veins of pitch black ink.'
The song 'Fortnight' featuring Post Malone will serve as the album's lead single. Swift made the revel just hours before The Tortured Poets Department was released.
She unveiled the cover artwork, which is a black-and-white photo of herself and the Texas native, on social media.
'I've been such a huge fan of Post because of the writer he is, his musical experimentation and those melodies he creates that just stick in your head forever,' she raved. 
'I got to witness that magic come to life firsthand when we worked together on 'Fortnight',' added Swift. 
Soon after, the Pennsylvania-born beauty teased the single's black-and-white music video that stars both Swift and collaborator Post Malone.
'At this hearing, I stand before my fellow members of The Tortured Poets Department with a summary of my findings,' she captioned the clip on Instagram.
'Album tonight,' added Swift. 'Fortnight music video tomorrow at 8pm et.'
In regards to the album title, fans were quickly convinced that the name was in reference to her ex, Joe Alwyn - whom she dated for six years until their split was confirmed in April 2023. 
Hours before the album dropped, Swift revealed that the album's lead single would be Fortnight featuring rapper/singer Post Malone 
She also released a moody teaser for the song's music video, which will be released Friday at 8pm EST 
The Pennsylvania-born beauty teased the single's black-and-white music video that stars both Swift and collaborator Post Malone
She appears to be institutionalized in the video, smashing a one-way mirror before being strapped into a bed and wearing an electric contraption on her head
'At this hearing, I stand before my fellow members of The Tortured Poets Department with a summary of my findings,' she captioned the clip on Instagram . 'Album tonight,' added Swift. 'Fortnight music video tomorrow at 8pm et' 
Back in 2022, the British-born actor explained that he was part of a WhatsApp group chat with close pals Paul Mescal and Andrew Scott called The Tortured Man Club.
Fans and social media users immediately jumped to X to share their thoughts on the inspiration behind Swift's upcoming album, with one penning, 'THIS IS THE BREAKUP ALBUM.'
Another added, 'I hope for Joe's sake that he still has that group chat. I feel like he's gonna need it.'
A source had also told DailyMail.com that Alwyn feels that it would be 'shady' if Taylor dissed him in The Tortured Poets Department.
'Joe has not said one word about Taylor or their breakup and has been completely respectful of her. It's undeniable that the name of her upcoming album is in reference to Joe's WhatsApp group chat.'
'Taylor knocked him for the name of this when they were together. She didn't want people to think that it had anything to do with her, so when he spoke out about it, she was, of course, bothered,' the insider added.
'Joe has no reason to believe yet that she is going to diss him or their relationship. She writes about her past using code and points of reference.'
The source continued, 'It may just be that she is reflecting on their time together and he is hoping it is nothing more.'
'If it is a diss album, that is shady. He helped her with song writing on her past album so it will really come as a shock to him if she talks about their breakup, as it is something he has not spoken of at all.'
Fans further speculated that the 11th LP was a breakup album referencing Alwyn due to one track titled So Long, London. 
Since then, she has announced three additional versions of The Tortured Poets Department: The Bolter, The Albatross and The Black Dog
One day after her album announcement, Swift dropped the official track list to the LP. She also has collaborations with other artists such as Post Malone on Fortnight and Florence & The Machine on the song called Florida!!!
And earlier this week, while promoting a special 'phantom clear vinyl' at Target, she took to X and shared the lyrics: 'I wish I could un-recall how we almost had it all...' 
Back in February, she had briefly opened up about the process of making the new album on her tour stop at the Tokyo Dome, per Billboard. 
'I've been working on it for about two years,' she told the crowd while on stage. 'I kept working on it throughout the U.S. tour...'
'And when it was perfect - in my opinion when it's good enough for you - I finished it and I am so, so excited that soon you'll get to hear it,' Taylor said and added, 'I've been working on Tortured Poets since right after I turned in Midnights.' 
The Blank Space hitmaker was referencing to her Midnights album that dropped back in October 2022. 
Taylor's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, also previously revealed that he has heard some of the album and labeled it as 'unbelievable.' 
Before the Super Bowl earlier this year, the NFL star expressed to Extra, 'I have heard some of it, yes. And it is unbelievable.' 
'I can't wait for her to shake up the world when it finally drops,' he continued, while later adding, 'I can't give you anything. I'll leave that up to her.' 
The football player added, 'She's unbelievable. She's re-writing the history books herself. I told her, 'I'll have to hold up my end of the bargain and bring home some hardware, too.'' 
On Wednesday, as the count-down towards the album's release neared, Taylor revealed the 'timetable' for The Tortured Poets Department. 
In regards to the album title, fans were quickly convinced that the name was in reference to her ex, Joe Alwyn - whom she dated for six years until their split was confirmed in April 2023; seen in February in London
And earlier this week, while promoting a special 'phantom clear vinyl' at Target, she took to X and shared the lyrics: 'I wish I could un-recall how we almost had it all...'; seen in March in Singapore 
Taylor's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, also previously revealed that he has heard some of the album and labeled it as 'unbelievable'; couple seen earlier this month at Coachella 
The football player added, 'She's unbelievable. She's re-writing the history books herself. I told her, 'I'll have to hold up my end of the bargain and bring home some hardware, too''; seen in January in Baltimore 
She notably shared a promotional video for the album to her Instagram - sending fans wild. 
The clip began in a '70s-inspired room, reminiscent of the Midnights era - her last album to be released.
In the room there were bits of crumbled-up paper on the floor and a series of records as well and a clock set to the time of 2 o'clock.
The camera then leads viewers down a white corridor and into a room with the name The Tortured Poets Department on it.
Inside there are empty white desks with typewriters on as well as coffee cups, before the camera then zooms into a bulletin board on the wall.
On the wall the date April 19 was starred along with the words, 'The Tortured Poets Department Release Day.'
Underneath was a note that read, '8 p.m. ET. Music video release!!' - as well as fourteen slashes. She simply wrote in the caption: 'The TTPD Timetable.'
It comes shortly after Taylor unveiled a pop-up library in Los Angeles earlier on Tuesday as she geared up for the new LP. 
The Karma hitmaker's fans waited in line for upwards of five hours in order to attend a pop-up poetry library.
On Wednesday, as the count-down towards the album's release neared, Taylor revealed the 'timetable' for The Tortured Poets Department
The clip began in a '70s-inspired room, reminiscent of the Midnights era - her last album to be released
In the room there were bits of crumbled-up paper on the floor and a series of records as well and a clock set to the time of 2 o'clock
Fans were seen lining around the block for the special event, sponsored by Spotify, starting at five in the morning, just to gain some insight into Swift's upcoming album. 
The singer is known for surprising her fans with Easter Eggs, and she continued on in the tradition, putting up a large bookshelf with clues about her new body of work.
This is the first album from Swift where she has not released a single ahead of the album, which added to fans' eagerness to learn any new information about what's to come.
The display was located right across the street from Cheesecake Factory at the Grove, where Swift's longtime nemesis Kanye West frequently dines with wife Bianca Censori.
Among the carefully curated items fans sifted through and later discussed on social media was a clock stuck on '2:00 PM' - like in the new promo video -, a tambourine, a notebook with the words 'US' scribbled on the back, a fountain pen, and a perpetual calendar set to Friday, December 13.
There was also a small statue of Diana of Ephesus (the goddess of childbirth and fertility and the goddess of the moon).
One fan noted that 'The original statue of Diana crumbled while waiting to be shipped to London in the 6th century due to years of neglect, succumbing to the passage of time and the elements.'
The singer is known for surprising her fans with Easter Eggs, and she continued on in the tradition, putting up a large bookshelf with clues about her new body of work (seen above) 
It comes shortly after Taylor unveiled a pop-up library in Los Angeles earlier on Tuesday as she geared up for the new LP
One fan noted that 'The original statue of Diana crumbled while waiting to be shipped to London in the 6th century due to years of neglect, succumbing to the passage of time and the elements
 Swift is currently on break from her record-breaking The Eras Tour; seen in March 2023
Fans took this to be a shot at Swift's ex, British actor Alwyn. 
One item pictured on the bookshelf at the mall was an old-fashioned typewriter with a page featuring Swift's track list. One part of the bookshelf had a number of books, a jar with puzzle pieces, and an hourglass.
There was a book titled 'The Manuscript', with the author listed as Swift herself, along with another book called 'The Black Dog.'
There were other tomes which featured the names of some of her songs on the upcoming album while a gold birdcage  was perched among the books.
Taylor appears to reference the end of her relationship with Joe Alwyn and her subsequent fling with Matty Healy in the first track on her album. 
The first verse appears to hint at the end of her romance with Joe as she sings: I was supposed to be sent away but they forgot to come and get me. 
Taylor then wishes an ex well who betrayed her: All of this to say, I hope you're okay, but you're the reason / No one here's to blame but what about your quiet treason.
In the second verse, Taylor talks about a short-lived fling that helped her 'move on', potentially a reference to Matt. 
She sings: 'All my mornings are Mondays stuck in an endless February / I took the miracle move on drug and the effects were temporary / And I love you, it's ruining my life / I touched you for only a fortnight.'
The titular track is a shimmering melody which suggest that Taylor, modestly, doesn't see herself at the top table of tortured poets: 'You're not Dylan Thomas, and I'm not Patti Smith.'
It also appears to heavily reference her fling with Matty as she sings: 'You smokеd then ate seven bars of chocolate / We declared Charlie Puth should be a bigger artist.
'I scratch your head, you fall asleep / Like a tattooed golden retriever / But you awaken with dread.' 
She also makes a candid reference to her mental health, singing: 'But you told Lucy you'd kill yourself if I ever leave /And I had said that to Jack about you so I felt seen'. 
Written solely by Taylor, this song's dense electronic hum adds forceful notes. 
Fans have suggested the title is a reference to the 'shiny toy she sang about in her hit Cruel Summer from the album Lover. 
It's not clear if she is referring to heartbreak after splitting from Joe or the abrupt end to her romance with Matty. 
'Once I fix me, he's gonna miss me,' she vows, adding: 'I know I'm just repeating mysеlf Put me back on my shelf / But first, pull the string And I'll tell you that he runs Because he loves me (He loves me).'
Taylor references mental health again as she details how 'down' she feels without an ex and the infatuation she felt with him.
'Everything comes out teenage petulance,' sings Taylor as she bitterly surveys the fallout from an old relationship.
She continues: 'Everything comes out teenage petulance / F**k it if I can't have him / I might just die, it would make no difference / Down bad, waking up in blood /Staring at the sky, come back and pick me up.
'F**k it if I can't have us / I might just not get up / I might stay down bad.'
The first track to be written with The National's Aaron Dessner brings a change of pace, with a lovely, choral intro. 'So long, London, you'll find someone,' sings Taylor.
The song appears to be a reference to British ex Joe and a follow up to her hit London Boy from Lover. 
She references their different approaches to the end of their romance, singing in the first verse: 'I kept calm and carried the weight of the rift / Pulled him in tighter each time he was drifting away / My spine split from carrying us up the hill.' 
Verse three she muses: 'And you say I abandoned the ship, but I was going down with it / My white knuckle dying grip holding tight to your quiet resentment.' 
Taylor Swift officially dropped The Tortured Poets Department on Friday - her hotly-anticipated 11th studio album 
'I know he's crazy, but he's the one I want,' sings Taylor, showing wry humour as she admits to falling for the bad boys. Produced, with real brightness, by Dessner.
She goes on to revel in the fact she dismisses warning from critics, singing: 'They slammed the door on my whole world / The one thing I wanted
'Now I’m running with my dress unbuttoned, / Screaming, But daddy I love him / I’m having his baby / No I’m not, but you should see your faces.' 
Finger-picked acoustic guitar adds folky notes reminiscent of lockdown albums Folklore and Evermore to Fresh Out The Slammer, which details rushing into a new relationship. 
Seemingly a reference to her fling with Matty - who she previously dated in 2015 - she sings: 'Now pretty baby, I’m running back home to you. / Fresh out the slammer I know who my first call will be to.' 
On the decay of her past relationship, she sings: 'Splintered back in winter, silent dinners, bitter he was with her in dreams / Gray and blue and fights and tunnels, handcuffed to the spell I was under.
'For just one hour of sunshine / Years of labor, locks and ceilings / In the shade of how he was feeling.'
An album highlight, this theatrical duet with London singer Florence Welch is an uplifting song of escape – from small-town life and a bad romance.
Tellingly the first tour stop following her split from Joe was in Tampa, Florida and she begins her song by singing: 'You can beat the heat if you beat the charges too. 
'They said I was a cheat, I guess it must be true / And my friends all smell like weed or little babies / And this city reeks of driving myself crazy.'
A tale of unrequited love, and a superb slice of 1980s-style soft rock. It even mentions The Downtown Lights, a 1989 single by Scottish band The Blue Nile.
She begins the track with her feelings on being 'trapped' in a relationship, singing: 'My boredom’s bone-deep, this cage was once just fine / Am I allowed to cry? 
'I dream of cracking locks, throwing my life to the wolves or the ocean rocks.'
She hints at an emotional affair providing her release, singing: 'These fatal fantasies giving way to labored breath taking all of me we’ve already done it in my head. 
'If it’s make-believe why does it feel like a vow we’ll both uphold somehow?”'
Big drums, a dramatic arrangement, and more dry humour in another song penned solely by Taylor. 'You wouldn't last an hour in the asylum where they raised me,' she snarls.
It's reminiscent of her hit single Look What You Made Me Do and the villain arc is prominent in her lyrics. 
She sings: 'I was tame, I was gentle till the circus life made me mean /Don’t you worry folks, we took out all her teeth
'Who’s afraid of little old me? Well you should be.'
This is her first new album since the end of her six-year relationship with British actor Joe Alwyn and, while she doesn't mention Alwyn by name, speculation will be rife that tracks such as So Long, London are about him. Pictured together in 2019
Taylor Swift and Matty Healy seen leaving The Electric Lady studio in Manhattan on May 16, 2023
A moody, stripped-down number worthy of Lana Del Rey, who has also worked extensively with the song's producer, Jack Antonoff.
She appears to be referring to chain smoking, booze loving Matty, as she sings: 'The smoke cloud billows out his mouth like a freight train through a small town / The jokes that he told across the bar were revolting and far too loud.'
Fans had expressed their concerns when Taylor started dating The 1975 bad boy rocker and it seems her friends had the same reservations. 
Taylor sings:  'They shake their heads, saying, "God help her" when I tell ‘em he’s my man / But your good Lord doesn’t need to lift a finger / I can fix him, no really I can / And only I can.' 
'You said I'm the love of your life,' sings Taylor on this warm, resonant piano ballad. In a smart twist, the 'loml' ultimately becomes 'the loss of my life'.
She describes being love-bombed by an old flame, seemingly referring to Matty given their past experience. 
Others have suggested the intensity of the lyrics suggest it relates to her longterm relationship with Joe. 
She sings: 'I felt a glow like this, never before and never since /If you know it in one glimpse it’s legendary.
'You and I go from one kiss to getting married / Still alive, killing time at the cemetery / Never quite buried.' 
More 1980s influences on an electronic pop track that sees Taylor vowing to remain a trouper, despite any romantic strife.
She sings about putting on a brave face while her relationships publicly fall apart, noting: 'They said, "Babe, you gotta fake it till you make it," and I did.
'Lights, camera, b***h, smile / Even when you wanna die / He said he'd love me all his life / But that life was too short / Breaking down, I hit the floor / All the pieces of me shattered as the crowd was chanting more.'  
Taylor has previously admitted she struggled with her love live playing out so publicly and the narrative that she'd had more boyfriends than other women.  
'You didn't measure up in any measure of a man,' sings a disdainful Taylor on a melodramatic ballad.
The title is noteworthy, given that Matty's stature is an object of some debate. The singer previously disclosed: 'Everyone in [the 1975] is 6’4” and I’m 5’10”, so everyone thinks that I’m 5’5”.'
More recently, he addressed these short man allegations by telling a fan that he was 'sick to f***ing death of this', insisting that he is 'a big boy.'
She sings: 'And I don’t miss what we had / But could someone give a message / To the smallest man who ever lived?'
Not all the songs are about heartbreak, as sporting metaphors aplenty suggest a track inspired by the singer's current boyfriend, American football star Travis Kelce. 
'When I touch down, call the amateurs and cut them from the team,' she sings.
Speaking about the upcoming release back in February, when he was building up to the Super Bowl in Las Vegas, Kelce said he had heard some of the songs on Taylor's latest release.
'I have heard some of it and yes, it's unbelievable,' he said to reporters. 'I can't wait for her to shake up the world when it finally drops.'
It's tempting to think Taylor sees something of herself in a closing track inspired by Clara an American actress of the 1920s who lived her life in the Hollywood goldfish bowl.
She goes on to reference Stevie Nicks as she details struggling with the trappings  of fame. 
Taylor sings: 'I'm not trying to exaggеrate / But I think I might die if I made it, die if I made it / No one in my small town thought I'd meet these suits in LA / They all want to say.' 
The Alchemy: Sporting metaphors aplenty suggest a track inspired by the singer's current boyfriend, American football star Travis Kelce. Pictured at Coachella this week
The Black Dog is also a reference to depression and lack of energy based on a demonic hellhound acting as an omen of death in English folklore and literature. 
As well as the eerie lyrical meaning to the title, The Black Dog is a bar in Vauxhall, London - her ex Matt's city of birth and just a stone's throw away from Joe's hometown of Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent. 
In the song, she belts out: 'I am someone who until recent events you shared your secrets with and your location / you forgot to turn it off / And so I watch as you walk into some bar called The Black Dog...
'I just don't understand how you don't miss me in The Black Dog when someone plays The Starting Line and you jump up, but she's too young to know this song that was intertwined in the magic fabric of our dreaming.' 
Taylor is torn between calling things off for good or rekindling with an ex in imgonnagetyouback.
Emotions are clearly running high as she sings: ‘Whether Im gonna be your wife / Or smash up your bike / I haven’t decided yet’.
She appears to reference her new romance with Travis as the song goes on, sharing: 'I can feel it coming / In the way you move / Push the reset button /We’re becoming something new.
'See you got somebody else / Say I got someone else too / Even if it’s him, I'm leaving here with you.' 
It seems London watering holes are a theme of the album, with The Black Dog and The Bolter joining The Albatross as apparent references to venues. 
The Albatross Club is a pub in Farringdon, London but also has particularly eerie significance in its meaning as a word alone. 
Albatross is defined in the Britannica Dictionary as: 'A continuing problem that makes it difficult or impossible to do or achieve something. Fame has become an albatross that prevents her from leading a normal and happy life.'
Additionally, an albatross is a large white ocean bird that has very long and often black wings - which many likened to her outfit from the Grammys. 
Taylor is taking no prisoners in this track, referring to herself as one of the largest seabirds on Earth - famed for their giant wingspan and ability to glide seamlessly. 
She sings about taking revenge with the lyrics: 'She is here to destroy you/ Devils that you know / Raise worse hell than a stranger'. 
Taylor tells the story of a rocky relationship in which their partner betrays them and focuses on drugs more than her. 
She hints at infidelity on their part by singing: 'Your hologram stumbled into my apartment / Hands in the hair of somebody in darkness.
'Named Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus / And I just watched it happen / As the decade would play us for fools.' 
Taylor goes on to reference, singing: 'You said some things that I can’t unabsorb / You turned me into an idea of sorts / You needed me, but you needed drugs more / And I couldn’t watch it happen.'
Taylor reignited her explosive feud with Kim Kardashian by releasing a diss track aimed at the reality star (pictured with Kim in 2015)
Taylor also seems to reference Kim's 10-year-old daughter North West dancing to Shake It Off on TikTok back in January, she writes:# your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you'
Taylor appears to reference the speculation over her relationship with Joe as she details in the chorus: 
'Come one come all It's happ'nin' again / The empathetic hunger descends We'll tell no-one / 'Cept all of our friends / We must know How did it end?' 
Accusing people of conducting their own 'post-mortem's' in the opening sentence, Taylor also accuses people of being smug: 'Soon they'll go home to their husbands / 'cause they know they can trust him / Then feverishly calling their cousins.'
She later admits that while everyone is questioning, 'How did it end?' she doesn't know herself: 'But I still don't know, how did it end?' 
While many tracks are bold aims at her exes Matt and Joe, happiness does reign in her track So High School where she discusses current boyfriend Travis. 
She sings: 'You know how to ball, I know Aristotle, brand new, full throttle // Touch me while your bros play Grand Theft Auto // It's true, swear, scouts honor // You knew what you wanted, and, boy, you got her.'
Taylor the directly references a resurfaced video in which Travis was asked who marry, kiss or kill between Ariana Grande, Katy Perry and Taylor. 
She sings: 'Are you gonna marry, kiss or kill me? Kill me. It's just a game, but really, really, I'm betting on all three for us two. 
Taylor relies in escapism to distract herself from the issues plaguing her real life, describing herself as going to 'secret gardens in my mind'. 
She appears to be dealing with the fallout of being lied to, singing: Tell me something awful like you are a poet / Trapped inside the body of a finance guy
'Tell me all your secrets / All you’ll ever be is / My eternal consolation prize.' 
She appears to be between relationships, musing: 'I’m lonely, but I’m good /I’m bitter, but I swear I’m fine.' 
Fans are convinced the 24th track - thanK you aIMee - is aimed at Kim Kardashian, as the letters K,I and M are capped up to spell out her name.
Taylor sings in one line: 'There's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you and a plaque underneath it/That threatens to push me down the stairs, at our school.'
'All that time you were throwin' punches, I was buildin' somethin' / And I can't forgive the way you made me feel / Screamed 'F**k you, Aimee' to the night sky, as the blood was gushin' / But I can't forget the way you made me heal.'
She goes on to add: 'And it wasn't a fair fight, or a clean kill / Each time that Aimee stomped across my gravе / And then she wrote hеadlines/ In the local paper, laughing at each baby step I'd take.'
Taylor concludes by confirming she's changed the name of the woman she's singing about - further fuelling speculation the track is about Kim.
She also seems to reference Kim's 10-year-old daughter North West dancing to her 2014 single Shake It Off on TikTok, finding it ironic as the 'song is about you'.
She sings: 'And so I changed your name, and any real defining clues/And one day, your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you.'
While she may have the ultimate girl squad around her, Taylor admits she can't help but feel lonely when chasing a man. 
She sings: 'I look in people's windows / Transfixed by rose golden glows / They have their friends over to drink nice wine.
'I look in people's windows / In case you're at their table / What if your eyes looked up and met mine / One more time.' 
Taylor seems to be pained by the thought of trying to find an intimate love when her life is so public. 
The singer - who found fame as a teenager - reveals that being in the spotlight and adored by millions of fans can't measure up to being loved by a partner. 
She shares: 'Please / Change the prophecy / Let it once be me / Who do I have to speak to / About if they can redo the prophecy?'
 Taylor has previously revealed how fame changed her life for the worst, explaining: 'It's a social situation every time I go out. 
'I just have to wake up in the morning and say, "How am I feeling today? If someone asks for a picture, am I gonna feel imposed upon today because I'm dealing with my own stuff? Am I gonna take my own stuff out on some innocent 14-year-old today and be in a bad mood?" 
'OK, maybe not … Maybe I won't leave the house.'
thanK you aIMee might not be the only song issuing shots at Kim Kardashians, with Cassandra also seeming to be filled with veiled digs. 
Greek god Cassandra, 'entangled men' and was punished with a curse where no one would believe what she had to say. 
In her chorus, Taylor sings: 'When the first stone’s thrown, they’re screaming /In the streets, there’s a raging riot / When it’s "Burn the b***h", they’re shrieking / When the truth comes out, it’s quiet.'
This could be in reference to Kim sparking a social media firestorm when she shared a Snapchat video of then-husband Kanye West during a phone call with Taylor, where she seemingly gave the rapper to include lyrics about her in his new song. 
While Taylor insisted that she hadn't consented to Kanye labelled her a 'b***h' in his track, many accused her of being a snake.
Kardashian fans and Swifties went to war with one another by posting snake emojis. 
Taylor references snakes in her song, sharing: 'So, they killed Cassandra first ‘cause she feared the worst / And tried to tell the town / So, they filled my cell with snakes, I regret to say / Do you believe me now?'
Taylor reflects on her childhood and pleads for forgiveness as she reflects on losing a past love. 
It could be in reference to Matty, who she was first linked to in 2014, and their subsequent breakup as she sings: 'Said you were gonna grow up /Then you were gonna come find me.
'Words from the mouths of babes / Promises oceans deep / But never to keep / Never to keep.' 
It could also be a follow up to her song Cardigan, where she sang: 'Tried to change the ending / Peter losing Wendy'. 
Taylor reflects on her childhood and pleads for forgiveness as she reflects on losing a past love (pictured in 2008) 
Fans have made many interpretations of The Bolter - with links to a London pub in the form of Mansion House's bar of the same name while also alluding to a suitor running into the night - something fans insisted was about Joe. 
Some Twitter users claimed the location is where the former couple enjoyed their first date - yet the claims were quickly disputed by devoted followers.
The initial claim came from a fan writing: 'The Bolter is a bar in London where Taylor and Joe went on their first outing?!?!???? I’m done, BYE'. 
Others followed up writing: '***Apparently that’s not the bar they were publicly first seen together!!!!*** But there is indeed this bar in London which is crazy anyway... guys it's not real, it was different place'. 
She sings: 'Started with a kiss / "Oh, we must stop meeting like this" / But it always ends with a town car speeding / Out the drive one evenin' / Ended with the slam of a door / But she's got the best stories // You can be sure...
'All her f**kin' lives / Flashed before her eyes / And she realized / It feels like the time / She fell through the ice / Then came out alive'.
Her penultimate track is also reflective of her youth as she reflects on how innocence is ripped away with age. 
She sings: 'You get the dragonflies above your bed /You have a favorite spot on the swing set / You have no room in your dreams for regret
'You have no idea / The time will arrive for the cruel and the mean / You'll learn to bounce back just like your trampoline.'
Despite this there's an element of hope involved as she sings: 'But now we'll curtail your curiosity / In sweetness / Way to go, tiger / Way to go, tiger /Higher and higher / Higher and higher / Wilder and lighter.' 
The only bonus track on the first physical versions of Taylor's album seems to be a follow up to All Too Well - her song about Jake Gyllenhaal. 
She reflects on a past romance as she sings: 'Now and then she rereads the manuscript / Of the entire torrid affair /He said that if the sex was half as good as the conversation was / Soon they'd be pushin' strollers / But soon it was over.'
In a nod to All Too Well (10 Minute Version) and its music video directly, Taylor continues: 'The Professor said to write what you know / Lookin' backwards might be the only way to move forward / Then the actors / Were hitting their marks.' 
The Bad Blood songstress, 34 - who recently teased a 'timetable' to her fans ahead of the LP's release - initially announced the album while attending the 2024 Grammys in February

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group