By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:14, 2 March 2024   |  Updated:  23:31, 2 March 2024   
 482
View  comments
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori was dressed in surprisingly modest attire when the couple stepped out in Paris on Saturday.
In contrast to her typically sheer looks, the architect, 29, modeled a long-sleeved purple top with a pair of opaque stockings as pants while leaving the Ritz Paris hotel.
She wore a pair of black pointed-toe kitten heels and was seen toting a massive leather bag on her shoulder.
Her dark pixie hair was slicked back into a sleek updo, and she appeared to be bare-faced to showcase her natural beauty.
Her new look comes shortly after she put on a daring display in an entirely sheer outfit and no underwear when she stepped out for dinner with 46-year-old rapper on Friday and after it was reported she may face legal ramifications for her nearly-nude looks in Paris.
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori was dressed in surprisingly modest attire when the couple stepped out in Paris on Saturday. In contrast to her typically sheer looks, the architect, 29, modeled a long-sleeved purple top with opaque stockings as pants while leaving the Ritz Paris hotel
Walking a couple steps behind her, West adjusted the hood over his head and kept his head down.
He was bundled up in a cozy hoodie layered underneath a leather bomber jacket. 
He also sported a pair of cozy sweatpants and sneakers to complete his monochromatic ensemble.
Recently, West and his wife have been enjoying their getaway during Paris Fashion Week.
Censori has been spotted in a number of skimpy looks featuring crotch-baring stockings and camisoles, which were just as sheer.
And on Tuesday, she did not attempt to cover up as she stepped out in her sheer stockings and went topless underneath a cropped fur coat while out with West.
Her outfit, or almost lack thereof, was her most explicit and scandalous look yet. 
It was revealed on Wednesday that she could face prison or a fine of €15,000, which is over $16,000, after testing the laws of exhibitionism in Paris.
Her underwear-free outings comes just shortly after she was on stepmom duty to West's eldest daughter North West, 10, in Paris.
During their Monday night dinner outing, she was uncharacteristically clothed.
She wore a pair of black, pointed-toe kitten heels and was seen toting a massive leather bag on her shoulder
Her dark pixie hair was slicked back into a sleek updo, and she appeared to be bare-faced to showcase her natural beauty
Walking a couple steps behind her, West adjusted the hood over his head and kept his head down
He was bundled up in a cozy hoodie layered underneath a leather bomber jacket. He also sported a pair of cozy sweatpants and sneakers to complete his monochromatic ensemble
North is one of four children West shares with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
The former couple, who split in 2021, also co-parent Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four.
West and Censori do not share any children together, but she allegedly wants to get pregnant sometime in the future. 
Sources close to the Censori family told DailyMail.com that she wants to have babies with the 'controlling' rapper but her father is not only concerned but also devastated. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group