A rose from Harlem gets her roses in Harlem – and it's everything you think it would be.
Source: Dia Dipasupil / Getty
The 17th Annual Harlem’s Fashion Row Fashion Show & Style Awards, a celebration of diversity and talent in fashion, marked the beginning of New York Fashion Week (NYFW) on September 3. Hosted on the steps of the General Grant National Memorial – in the heart of Harlem – the event brought together fashion bloggers, celebrities, influencers, and media for a night to remember.
HFR awarded four iconic Black women during the event. Celebrity stylist Shiona Turini received the Stylist of the Year Award, Naomi Campbell accepted the Fashion Icon of the Year Award, Harper’s Bazaar’s Samira Nasr took home the Editor of the Year Award, and Harlem’s own Teyana Taylor accepted the Virgil Abloh Award. Designers A. Potts, Jimmy LaTouché, and Nicole Benefield rounded out the “Night Of Legends” event, presenting three collections to close out the stylish soirée.
Keep scrolling to see the show’s most talked about – and stylish – moments.
Naomi owned the stage – as only “mutha” can – while accepting HFR’s “Fashion Icon” Award. Flipping her signature sleek waist-length hair as she sauntered down the runway to the stage, she looked flawless.
Naomi exuded elegance in a sleek yet sophisticated black slip dress and black pumps, a perfect ensemble for the stylish occasion. Her larger-than-life black shades added a touch of glamour, as expected from the fashion icon.
Source: Theo Wargo / Getty
Naomi used her acceptance speech to reflect on her career, discuss the importance of opportunity and change for designers, models, and creators of color, and throw a little shade. (We’ll leave the shady stuff for the other blogs.)
She shouted out titans like André Leon Talley and Virgil Abloh and supermodels like Naomi Sims, Iman, and Bethann Hardison for inspiring and supporting her journey and paving the way. “As I reflect on my career, I’m reminded of the many shoulders that I have stood on. The trailblazers who paved the way for a young Black girl like me.”
As HFR’s 2024 Fashion Icon, she joins a stunning class of fashion slayers and trend creators, including Kelly Rowland.
Teyana, aka the Rose from Harlem, took home the Virgil Abloh Award. Staying true to her signature style, Teyana gave the girls a sexy, elevated urban chic look with brown and black bottom jeans, a crisp white shirt, and a blue-stone bolero.
With a brown NYC fitted hat, Teyana added a sense of individuality and pride to her ensemble. The accessory not only completed her brown monochromatic moment but also signified where the A Thousand and One actress is from and who she is proud to be.
“I was a kid who often dreamed too big. But that was not out of the ordinary for a Harlem kid,” Teyana started her speech, sharing her experience growing up in the city that never sleeps.
She continued, “Harlem, my home, where fashion is bold, fearless, courageous, and even heroic. Harlem was not only our stage; it was also our personal walk-in closet, our inspiration, our motivation, our livelihood, and most importantly, the biggest runway I’ve ever walked.”
Source: Dia Dipasupil / Getty
Teyana rounded out her speech by thanking Pharrell Williams and Kanye West for impacting her career. She also gave flowers to her mother, Nikki Taylor, for being a fierce example of a “fly girl.”
The “Virgil Abloh” Award highlights disruptors, changemakers, and style shifters in honor of the late fashion genius.
HFR ended the night with a runway presentation that led straight from Harlem to the ‘gawds. Featuring three designers with unique aesthetics, the shows offered eye-catching trends, fits, and accessories for everyone. From the over-the-top personality to the demure diva, HFR’s Black designer-led showcase highlighted the versatility of style.
Black woman designer Nicole Benefield concluded the night with her take on whimsy, proportion, and color. Titled “Ortfolio,” her collection oozed laid-back confidence and bold style.
Source: Theo Wargo / Getty
Stepping out of her comfort zone this NYFW, Nicole took it there. The demure designer played with colors and prints we loved, unexpected accessory details, and funky shapes and fabrics.
As the sun set and the night wrapped up under Harlem’s starry skies, it was clear that this wasn’t just another fashion event – it was a celebration of Black excellence, culture, and creativity. NYFW is officially on – and Harlem’s Fashion Row’s “Night of Legends” set the bar sky-high.
Keep checking back for NYFW street style, show updates, and trend spotting.
RELATED
Style Gallery: Celebrity NYFW Looks We Love From Our Favorite ‘It Girls’
How I Get Ready For New York Fashion Week
Harlem’s Fashion Row ;Fashion Icon’ Honoree Kelly Rowland Is A Glam Goddess On The Red Carpet 


Teyana Taylor Kicks Off NYFW In A Fitted Hat & Bolero Necklace, Accepts Harlem’s Fashion Row’s ‘Virgil Abloh’ Award 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



Related Tags


									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.