Kanye West would have shown his "desire to safeguard his wife's dignity" after she was reportedly attacked, claims a relationship expert.
Ye's spouse Bianca Censori was "battered and sexually assaulted" on Tuesday, according to the controversial Carnival rapper's team. The couple were out in Los Angeles when the alleged incident took place, resulting in Kanye's reported outburst.
Cops are thought to be investigating the ordeal, reportedly speaking with both parties involved, on Ye's side and the alleged attacker. Now a leading romance expert tells the Mirror, if proven, Kanye would have been "making a statement" by punching the man.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori was 'sexually assaulted before Kanye West punched a man in face'
"Responding aggressively to someone who pushes your wife can be understood in various manners, depending on the circumstances and the individuals involved," Callisto Adams, dating and relationship expert at HeTexted.com, told the Mirror.
"It may not necessarily indicate possessiveness in a relationship, but rather an instinct to protect or a reaction to a perceived threat or disrespect. This appears to be the situation with the punch Ye threw at the man who [allegedly] sexually assaulted Bianca."
Callisto added: "Simultaneously, Kanye was also making a statement by landing that punch, demonstrating his desire to safeguard his wife's honour and dignity. For the rapper, it was a violation of boundaries." The Mirror approached Ye's reps and LAPD.
After the alleged incident, Yeezy's chief of staff Milo Yiannopoulos told us: "'A stranger grabbed Bianca' is grossly inadequate as a description of what happened. Bianca was physically assaulted last night. The assailant didn't merely collide into her. He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted."
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
The statement comes after law enforcement officers told TMZ an incident occurred late on Tuesday night. The reports claimed an unidentified man supposedly pushed or grabbed Bianca, prompting the All of the Lights singer to react. Further details remain unclear.
It's reported that neither party was injured in the altercation, or at least, the individual Ye is accused of hitting did not seek medical attention post-incident. It's claimed police are also collecting witness statements in order to get a clear understanding of the situation.
The alleged incident comes after Ye and Bianca were snapped enjoying time together in Disneyland. The couple were surrounded by security and it didn't appear as though they had the rapper's kids - shared with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian - with them. Ye and Bianca are often spotted taking out his kids, North, 10, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 4 – but they weren't seen in pictures shared on Wednesday.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.