The lineup for the 2025 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is here, and it confirms that Post Malone is among the headliners. He’ll perform a career-spanning set on the two Sundays (April 13 and 20). Before he takes the stage, Lady Gaga will headline on the Friday nights (April 11 and 18), Green Day will perform on the Saturday nights (April 12 and 19), and Travis Scott will also perform on Saturdays for something that’s billed as “Travis Scott Designs the Desert.” A press release adds that “he will debut an entirely new era of music to the world.”
Lady Gaga made her Coachella debut, in 2017, when she replaced a then-pregnant Beyoncé as a headliner. She played a bunch of her hits and the Beyoncé collaboration “Telephone” when she took the stage.
Green Day, remarkably, have never played Coachella and will be making their festival debut. The band’s frontman, Billie Joe Armstrong, however, showed up at Coachella in 2014 to do some songs with the Replacements.
Post Malone performed at Coachella in 2018. He leaked his own headlining news yesterday amid the announcement of his Big Ass Stadium Tour.
Travis Scott made his Coachella debut in 2017. He was announced as a headliner for the 2020 festival that was canceled due to the pandemic. Momentum for his return to Indio slowed, however, after the disaster at his own Astroworld Festival, in 2021, that left 10 people dead. Still, Kanye West wanted Scott to join him for a 2022 performance (that never happened), and the Houston rapper instead played a Coachella afterparty.
All products featured on Pitchfork are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.
More From Pitchfork
Events
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment