AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The nonprofessional political pundit claims his peers wait for checks.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Plies has become one of the most outspoken Hip-Hop figures to openly talk about political matters. He recently shared his opinion about Black men and social issues.
The Florida-raised rapper/influencer did not address specific people in his social media post about the topic. However, Plies called out his unnamed peers for allegedly only speaking out for financial reasons.
“Most Black Men Don’t Speak On Black Issues (Publicly). Until The White Man [Stops] Paying Them. The Checks Have To Stop 1st B4 They Come Off Mute!!!” Plies tweeted on Monday (March 4).
Most Black Men Don’t Speak On Black Issues (Publicly). Until The White Man Stop Paying Them. The Checks Have To Stop 1st B4 They Come Off Mute!!!
Plies has publicly accused Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of spewing racism. The “Bust It Baby (Part 2)” hitmaker also criticized Democratic politicians President Joe Biden and Vice-President Kamala Harris for not talking more about the administration’s accomplishments.
While Plies has supported Biden and Harris, numerous other Hip-Hop acts backed Donald Trump. For example, Kanye West, Lil Wayne, Kodak Black, Waka Flocka Flame and Sexyy Red praised the MAGA leader.
In 2023, Buffalo-bred rapper Benny The Butcher endorsed Donald Trump’s presidential campaign. The Everybody Can’t Go album creator recently revealed he turned down a meeting with Trump, claiming rap stars have faced backlash for aligning with the former POTUS.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity