For the first time in a very long time, the Republican Party has a path forward to victory. Yet some in the party insist we continue to lose.
X was set ablaze this week with posts from popular conservative pundits and commentators, both on the selection of Donald Trump’s vice presidential pick, J.D. Vance, and, more ferociously, the choice to platform Amber Rose, a “model” best known for being Kanye West’s ex-girlfriend and for her outrageous and, what I would argue, tasteless fashion choices. Rose was also a leader of the Slut Walk movement, a “transnational movement calling for an end to rape culture, including victim blaming and slut-shaming of sexual assault victims.”
I’ll start with the less controversial J.D. Vance, a baptized Catholic since 2019. Many are upset over his lack of political experience. Others decry his support of mifepristone, an abortion pill.
[perfectpullquote align=”left” bordertop=”false” cite=”” link=”” color=”” class=”” size=””]However, this is not the time to be turning people away from the Republican Party which, yes, may be less conservative than some of us would prefer.[/perfectpullquote]
On X, Brad Polumbo, the co-founder of BASEDPolitics, wrote, “JD Vance is not qualified to be VP. He has barely any experience as an elected official and ZERO executive experience. Being a best-selling author isn’t a qualification for POTUS. A VP needs to be ready to step in at any moment. JD Vance is not. Plus, he has flip-flopped nearly 100% on his political beliefs in the last ten years. Who knows if the current JD Vance is what he really believes or is just what he thinks is popular at the moment?”
I’d like to remind Polumbo, and others, that people are allowed to change their minds in this country. When previously unknown information that contradicts a person’s viewpoint becomes available, a person of good character will change his or her mind. Furthermore, if a person isn’t allowed to, we won’t win in November. You can’t walk around disparaging every person who has a change of heart.
Conservatives may lose some battles, but we must, must win this war, and we cannot do that without new recruits and an army to deliver a Trump–Vance victory in November.
Even worse are the criticisms of Vance over his wife’s ethnicity. (She is Indian.) This is despicable and not the perspective that any Republican, or person, should have. Let’s not turn our contempt for the DEI agenda into a contempt for actual human beings who look different from us.
Peachy Keenan’s post on X was a perfect response to Vance criticism: “My Catholic friends: if the man who delivered the Roe victory and his trad Catholic running mate are not good enough for you, maybe the problem is you.”
For once, can this party unite and get excited about a strong Republican ticket, particularly in a moment like this? Our candidate was almost assassinated, and because of that vicious attack, many crossed the divide. No one is ashamed to say they’re voting for Trump anymore. People are motivated to vote like never before. As Megyn Kelly stated on her show earlier this week, “I am now one of the people who will walk over broken glass to make sure I cast my vote.” Count me in with Kelly.
Rose offered what I believe to be a heartfelt, authentic speech that explained her move from the lunatic left to the welcoming embrace of the MAGA movement. In it, she thanked and showered praise on her father, who seems to have gently guided his daughter to sanity. She was more poised and eloquent than our current president and vice president combined. (READ MORE from Jennifer Galardi: Public Health Agencies: Lay off the Sauce)
As someone who made a similar journey, I was open to Rose’s message, even if the messenger may not be very appealing to me.
My conversion had nothing to do with Trump but with Christ, and it took a while for my political views to come into resonance with my new Christian worldview. Returning to the Orthodox faith in which I was baptized, going to church regularly, and the right association — talking and listening to people that embraced and welcomed me — were all essential tools that led to my new, and I believe more cohesive, theological, cultural, and political beliefs.
If conservatives — particularly Christians — continue shutting people out, we’ll never change votes or minds or hearts. And without transformation of the heart, we will never win the spiritual battle so many of us understand to be the true war.
The Republican National Convention chose Amber Rose to speak at their convention to win votes. I’m pretty sure no one on the transition team plans to appoint her to lead the family policy and planning team.
I understand Walsh’s concern. The more ground conservatives cede to the liberal worldview, the more they take advantage of it. Some would argue that this is the slippery slope that we descended to get here in the first place: to a society that devalues human life and makes a mockery of the things many of us hold sacred like marriage, family, and life.
However, this is not the time to be turning people away from the Republican Party, which, yes, may be less conservative than some of us would prefer.
This is politics, not church, and while our biblical worldview should shape our own personal moral decisions, we should not dictate how it shapes others. This is a fundamental tenet of this country and what our Founding Fathers meant by the separation of church and state. We cannot legally compel people to think the way we do, but we can welcome them in and plant the seeds of Christian teachings.
As a party, we do need to embrace inclusivity, not with signs on our lawns or rainbow flags in our churches, but with a true spirit of love and equality. I know some in the conservative movement cringe at those words, but before the Left bastardized language, they meant something beautiful. They convey the message of Christ. We must not allow the Left to hijack truth and dissuade us from expressing it.
I do believe this nation was founded on Judeo-Christian principles and should remain that insofar as it promotes Western civilization and the great beauty, innovation, and, of course, freedom it offers. But the path to becoming a Christian should be paved by humility, not force. Some right-leaning pundits need to remember that Christians are made through the heart, not through the law. (READ MORE: Will Tulsi Gabbard Be Donald Trump’s VP Pick?)
Listening to Rose’s speech, I sensed a door opening. I see a path of redemption for her, and with J.D. Vance, a path forward for this country.
I see an opportunity to win this election in a landslide, and there is nothing this country needs more than that.

                                If you guys will forgive me, this is a bit...Read More 

                                Last week, after their absurd attempt to make a martyr...Read More 

                                Virginians pay an average of $1,139 in annual property taxes...Read More 

                                Justin Trudeau will be remembered as the most unserious man...Read More 

                                What do you get when you take a 40 percent...Read More 

                                It’s been a busy few weeks for Bernie Sanders, traveling...Read More 
Email (required) *
First Name 
Last Name 
 Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from The American Spectator | USA News and Politics. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
Hey, it looks like you’re enjoying our magazine! We’re glad to have you as a reader. We depend on our subscribers to keep the lights on, and we’d love to have you on the team! Here’s a discount for your first month, for which you’ll get unlimited access to our website, all of our newsletters, and a free copy of our most recent print magazine. We hope you enjoy!