Kanye West has launched yet another furious rant after his paparazzi bust-up earlier this week, but this time he has taken to social media.
The 46-year-old rapper has taken aim at a designer he claimed mocked his iconic YEEZY sock shoes. Ye can often be seen out and about donning his infamous sock shoes, which are now available to preorder.
The strange sock shoes, which are called Pod Socks, retail at an eye-watering $200. They mark his first independent fashion release from Adidas after the iconic company cut ties with Ye back in 2022 after his antisemitic comments.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West warned he's still acting like he's 'untouchable' but his empire could crumble
Taking to social media after wiping his Instagram grid, Ye shared a story on his page of a screenshot. The screenshot was of a direct message he had sent to a designer after they "mocked" his Pod Socks.
The designer who is alleged to have mocked Ye's Pod Socks is Brittany Pierone, who previously worked at Nike and is the founder of the design studio Proof Of Concept. Brittany shared a photo wearing some Pod Socks in the wrong size, which didn't sit well with Ye.
When Brittany shared the image, someone commented and asked about there being size issues due to the Pod Socks looking huge on her feet, which came before she hit back and cleared things up, saying she is a woman's size 7 in shoes, with the Pod Socks she donned being in a man's size 13. She said that the post was purely shared for "humour" and urged there was "not a fit issue".
But Kanye wasn't so forgiving, with the rapper quick to message the designer and share them with his followers. Writing a direct message to Brittany, Ye penned: "What the f***k is wrong with you. Don't play with me like that. What Adidas paid you to post that photo.
"I've put so much work into every product and when I'm independent this is what you wanna post."
Kanye then fumed: "You worse than the TMZ lady," referring to the rapper's recent bust-up earlier in the week when he was asked if he was "controlling" towards his wife Bianca Censori.
Ye's message to Brittany continued: "Get a size one. Don't play with me like that. It ain't funny. I worked for a year on these and put them out myself.
"Jordan wanted to do his own brand and Nike threatened Footlocker to pull all they shoes out the stores. Adidas copied all my s**t and treated me like s**t. adidas is suing me for 4 billion dollars and selling my shoes without paying me and they said I misused the marketing fund when I am the marketing.
"That's why they sent me the money in the first place. You have no idea how much work. I've put in to everything we do."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.