Some have criticized the police officers for failing to de-escalate the confrontation                        
Authorities in Miami, Florida, have placed a police officer on administrative duties while conducting an investigation into the arrest of NFL star Tyreek Hill on Sunday, just before a game between the Miami Dolphins and Jacksonville Jaguars.
The dramatic incident occurred near Hard Rock Stadium and was caught on bodycam. Officers say they pulled Hill in his McLaren 720S after estimating he was driving 60 mph in a 40 mph zone. Footage initially shows the Miami Dolphins wide receiver lowering his window and handing his license to one of the officer’s but it only takes a few seconds before the tone of both Hill and the officer starts to turn a little aggressive.
Read: Kanye West’s Weird Luxury RV Is Up For Grabs
A few seconds later, Hill winds his window back up. The officer knocks on it twice, asking for him to lower it, to which he eventually complies by cracking it down a couple of inches. The policeman quickly instructs the NFL star to get out of the car before another officer chimes in, rips open the door, and pulls the NFL player from the British supercar. It appears Hill was attempting to make a phone call to his manager, Drew Rosenhaus, while sitting in his vehicle.
The officers responding then throw the 30-year-old to the ground and put him in handcuffs. Shortly after, an officer requests Hill to sit down on the curb, to which he hesitates, explaining his recently had knee surgery. Before he can finish his sentence, he is pulled to the ground. The aggression from the police then turns to the occupants of a Rolls-Royce Cullinan that appears to have been driving with Hill as they pull over and approach the scene. One officer demands to see the license of the Rolls-Royce owner.
While there’s no doubt that both parties played a role in making the situation worse than it had to be, the police officers should have attempted to de-escalate the scene, rather than the opposite. After the arrest, MDPD director Stephanie V. Daniel said an investigation had been opened into the arrest.
“One of the officers involved in the incident has been placed on administrative duties while the investigation is conducted,” she said. “I’m committed to transparency and accountability to the community with any situation involving my officers.”
The New York Post has identified 27-year police veteran Danny Torres as the officer placed on administrative duties. Hill was cited for careless driving and received a $179 fine. He also copped a $129 fine for a seatbelt violation.

Google News


MSN Start


                                        Brad Anderson's lifelong affair and fascination with cars started young. Before even graduating high school,...                                         
Read full bio