This former executive’s Beverly Hills mansion has had numerous price cuts and is now on the market for half its original sale price.
Former Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn tops a recent study on celebrities who lost money in real estate so far in 2024.
Real estate agent Ryan Fitzgerald conducted a study to find out which celebrities have lost the most money in real estate in America, and Wynn topped the list. Six of the top 10 properties on the list are in California. Fitzgerald, a broker and owner with Raleigh Realty in North Carolina, looked at 20 celebrity real estate deals from the beginning of this year through June.
Wynn’s Beverly Hills mansion, which was first listed in the spring of 2021 for $125 million is now listed for $65 million, down a whopping $60 million.
The 11-bedroom, 27,150-square-foot mansion which is situated on a 2.7-acre property has a pool, a wine cellar, a resort-sized gym and a massage room. The mansion is situated on a private road within the exclusive North of Sunset location.
This beat celebrity homes that also had substantial price cuts including Rupert Murdoch’s apartment in Manhattan, New York, which was originally listed in 2022 for $62 million and is now on the market for $28.5 million, a $33.5 million drop. Coming in fourth was rapper Kanye West’s house in Malibu, California, which first went on the market in December 2023 for $53 million and is now listed for $39 million, a $14 million price drop.
Las Vegas resident and former MLB slugger Jose Canseco made the list at 19 as he has cut $100,000 off the sale of his property to $1.6 million.
Fitzgerald said the real estate market is pinching everyone right now due to a number of factors, including high interest and mortgage rates and famous people are no different.
“Celebrities like Steve Wynn, Rupert Murdoch, and Kanye West are not immune to these market dynamics. Their substantial price cuts reflect broader market trends and provide insights into how the luxury segment is adapting,” he said.
Wynn isn’t the only celebrity with a Las Vegas connection who has been stung by the real estate market recently.
Former Raiders coach Josh McDaniels recently sold his Anthem Country Club home for $4.8 million after paying $4.95 million for it two years ago. The one-story, Santa Barbara-style home in Henderson is 6,705 square feet with four bedrooms, six baths, an office and three-car garage.
Contact Patrick Blennerhassett at pblennerhassett@reviewjournal.com
Across the U.S., the spring homebuying season is “lackluster” amid record-high costs and economy instability.
Homeownership is receding further out of reach for most Americans as elevated mortgage rates and rising prices stretch the limits of what buyers can afford.
The latest report from the real estate company has inventory up 44.5 percent year over year ending March of this year, about 25 percent above the national average.
The Las Vegas Valley luxury home market is one of the few in the country that has been showing consistent growth since the COVID-19 pandemic, an executive said.
Red Ridge Development founder Patrick Brennan held a ceremonial groundbreaking for his $450 million project.
A Summerlin penthouse tops the list of most expensive home listings for March, marking it as one of the highest-priced condos ever listed in Las Vegas.
Tucked in the back of SouthShore, the new luxury community will bring 42 one- and two-story resort-style homes to the already exclusive, double-gated, guard-protected development
Z Life Co. held a ceremonial groundbreaking Friday for a multi-tower project that calls for condos, hotel rooms and apartments.
Four insurers — including a major provider — are raising homeowners insurance rates in the coming months.
Las Vegas tied for the 13th-longest average time for homes on the market among the top 50 metropolitan areas in the country.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP