Bill Maher said he axed a two-hour podcast episode with Kanye West in fear of further spreading the rapper’s antisemitic views.
On this week’s episode of “TMZ Investigates: Kanye West Unhinged But Unstoppable,” he explained that he brought the rapper onto his podcast, “Club Random with Bill Maher,” thinking it could be a “learning moment for him.”
But despite having “an amazing, fun time” recording the podcast, he decided it should not be released because he didn’t want to “contribute” to West spreading antisemitism.
“He appeals mostly — a rock star — to young people. They don’t know much and they surely don’t know much about the Middle East or Jews,” the 68-year-old comedian explained. 
“So the combination of, you know, Kanye out there — I feel like he was helpful for spreading the fertilizer, and I do mean fertilizer, for this idea that Israel and the Jews are the worst people in the world.”
Maher furthered that if he had released the episode, it would give a platform to people with similar antisemitic views.
“That’s why I wouldn’t air that episode because I’m not going to contribute to this,” he said before describing West, 46, as a “very charming antisemite.”
For more Page Six you love…
He added, “And by the way, he’s not the only one in America who feels that way. It’s not like the Jews are universally loved except for Kanye West.”
Reps for West weren’t immediately available to Page Six for comment.
The “Heartless” hitmaker first expressed his antisemitic opinions in October 2022 when he called for “death con 3 ON JEWISH PEOPLE” on social media.
It was also later revealed that he would openly express his controversial beliefs at Yeezy headquarters, with former employees alleging that praised Adolf Hitler and the Nazis in meetings.
His social media rants led to the hitmaker losing several brand deals with Adidas, Balenciaga and more.
Most recently, West — who has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder — openly screamed about Hitler, Donald Trump and Jesus during a 10-minute rant in Las Vegas.
The “Flashing Lights” rapper later apologized to the Jewish community in Hebrew for his “outburst,” writing on social media, “I sincerely apologize to the Jewish community for any unintended outburst caused by my words or actions, it was not my intention to hurt or disrespect, and I deeply regret any pain I may have caused.”
“I am committed to starting with myself and learning from this experience to ensure greater sensitivity and understanding in the future.”
However, the rapper-turned-fashion designer didn’t appear to be too remorseful as he wore a T-shirt with Norwegian musician Kristian “Varg” Vikernes’s face on it earlier this year.
West sported the shirt of Vikernes — who is known for his neo-Nazi views — while promoting his new album “Vultures,” out Feb. 9.
Advertisement