By 

	Cheyenne Roundtree


Milo Yiannopoulos is out at Yeezy, Rolling Stone has confirmed. The alt-right provocateur allegedly had a falling out with Kanye West over the rapper’s decision to get into the porn business. 

	Yiannopoulos, whom West tapped to run his dubious 2024 presidential campaign last year, announced he resigned as the rapper’s chief of staff on Wednesday in an email obtained by TMZ. “I cannot be complicit in the production of dissemination of pornographic films and literature, for moral and religious reasons,” Yiannopoulos wrote. “But also because of such material and the kind of people invariably involved in its production represent an imminent danger to my life as a recovering addict and an unacceptable risk to my spiritual and physical health as a former homosexual.”

	However, Yiannopoulos noted it would be “an honor” to return to West’s team if he abandons his plans to enter into the adult entertainment business. Rolling Stone has contacted Yiannopoulos for further comment, although his Yeezy email address responds with the automated message: “I AM NO LONGER WITH YEEZY.”   

	










	A source close to the situation claims that around 20 other Yeezy employees have also left the brand because of West’s other alleged personal issues. “Porn was the slightest of factors,” they say. (Rolling Stone has contacted a representative for West for comment.)





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Despite his recent condemnations of pornography, last month West tweeted “Yeezy Porn Is Cumming” after reports emerged that he was partnering with Stormy Daniels’ porn producer ex-husband Mike Moz. A source tells Rolling Stone they doubt any plans will come to fruition because West will allegedly struggle to launch a new venture without a team behind him. 

	West already has his hands full with a host of problems at his private Christian school, Donda Academy, after a number of teachers have sued him over their terminations and alleged safety concerns at the facility. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.