Ty Dolla Sign has called out Apple Music for allegedly not promoting Vultures 1, his joint album with Kanye West.
On Saturday, Kanye shared a post on his Instagram Stories of Ty scrolling through the "top shelf" of Apple Music to show the lack of promotion their collaborative album is getting on the platform. As Ty kept scrolling, Vultures 1 never popped up amongst the other high-profile albums on the app.
"We never had anything in the New Music," he said. "And we never had Best New Songs."
However, Ty did acknowledge that Vultures 1 made it to the Apple Music charts and showed that one of the album's songs appeared on the Top Songs chart.
Several issues have marred the release of Vultures 1 since it dropped earlier this month, such as being removed from Apple Music temporarily on February 15 as well as the track "Good (Don't Die)" being pulled due to a sampling issue.
Even with all the issues surrounding the album, Kanye and Ty debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, earning 148,000 equivalent album units in the project's first week of release. The rap duo repeated that chart success as they spent another week on top of the charts by moving 75,000 copies in the album's second week.
Vultures 1 is Ye's 11th No. 1 album and Ty's first. It also has become the Chicago rap legend's first album to spend multiple weeks at the top spot since he dropped Watch the Throne with Jay-Z in 2011, which also spent two weeks at No. 1.
music | BY tara mahadevan
Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign Sued for 'Unauthorized Interpolation' by Donna Summer Estate
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Ozzy Osbourne Doubles Down on Calling Out 'Antisemite' Kanye West After Uncleared "Iron Man" Sample
music | BY Alex Ocho
Timbaland Says Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign’s ‘Vultures 2’ Is on the Way
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.