Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kim Kardashian is said to be ‘hexing’ Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's romance.
Nov. 8 2024, Updated 6:18 a.m. ET
Songbird Taylor Swift is still huddling with football star Travis Kelce but reportedly NOT getting engaged any time soon – and RadarOnline.com can reveal sources are saying her nemesis Kim Kardashian is placing bets the relationship will soon bile the dust.
"Kim would never say anything publicly, but privately she's getting a big kick out of predicting this whole thing will crash and burn", tattled a tipster. "And she's laughing about how embarrassing it's all going to be for Taylor when it does."
An insider said Kardashian is placing bets the relationship between Swift and Kelce will soon bile the dust.
Last month, an alleged contract between the pair detailing plans for a breakup surfaced online. 
The document, supposedly drafted by Kelce publicist, was quickly denied. But that hasn’t stopped speculation the romance is nothing more than a PR stunt.
"Kim's following all the drama about the contract very closely and wouldn't be the least bit shocked it it was true", said the tipster. "Their relationship smelled pretty suspicious to her from the start."
Swift and Kelce went public with their romance in October of last year.
The 34-year-old hitmaker and the Kansas City Chiefs stud, 35, went public with their romance in October of last year, and just five months later, the NFL star sent Swifties into a frenzy by revealing on his podcast, “New Heights”, he "can't wait” until he makes a baby.
"It really seems like he's using this for attention", spilled a source. "But even if it's not a PR showmance, Kim's convinced it's still destined to implode. 
"Between how suddenly this whole thing blossomed and Taylor's crappy track record with boyfriends, the odds are certainly not in their favor, and Kim's convinced it’s not going to last.”
Kardashian admitted regardless of her wealth and 'help' she's 'basically raising four kids by myself'.
Kardashian, 44, and the Grammy winner have been battling since 2016 when the bubble-butted reality diva allegedly masterminded a "fully manufactured frame job" to sink Swift's singing career and protect her now ex-hubby Kanye West, who called Tay-Tay a "b----" in his song “Famous”.
Earlier this year, Kardashian lost an astonishing 120,000 social media followers after Swift debuted her scathing revenge song “thanK you aIMee”, which is believed to be a nasty slam at the Skims founder.
Earlier this year, Kardashian lost an astonishing 120,000 social media followers after Swift debuted her scathing revenge song ‘thanK you aIMee’.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
"Kim is not actively looking for another fight with Taylor, but it does really piss her off that she gets off that she gets completely raked over the coals of her dating dramas while Taylor always seems to come out smelling like a rose", noted the insider.
"No doubt she's going to raise a glass of champagne if and when Talor and Travis do call it quits."
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.