By SAMEER SURI and JAMES VITUSCKA and CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:57, 19 April 2024   |  Updated:  21:44, 19 April 2024   
 160
View  comments
Kim Kardashian appeared somber as she emerged from the glamorous Beverly Hills restaurant E Baldi this Thursday evening.
Late that night, Taylor Swift explosively reignited her feud with Kim by releasing two 'diss tracks' on her new album The Tortured Poets Department - in what fans are describing as the 'ultimate f**k you.'
Taylor, 34, dropped the hotly anticipated record at midnight ET on Friday, before making the shock announcement of a 'second instalment,' titled The Anthology, featuring nearly twice the number of songs as originally expected.
Among the tracks included in the second release is a song titled thanK you aIMee, which fans are now convinced is about Kim, noting that the letters K, I, and M are pointedly capitalized in the title.
When she was spotted leaving E Baldi the night of the album release, Kim kept her head down as she was guided out of the venue.
Kim Kardashian appeared somber as she emerged from the glamorous Beverly Hills restaurant E Baldi this Thursday evening
Late that night, Taylor Swift explosively reignited her feud with Kim by releasing two 'diss tracks' on her new album The Tortured Poets Department
Among the tracks included in the second release is a song titled thanK you aIMee , which fans are now convinced is about Kim 
Taylor's fans have been spamming Kim's Instagram posts with the song title and lyrics which appear to reference the reality star's children 
The 43-year-old reality star was decked out in a muted black ensemble and could be seen clinging to a fuzzy, leopard-print accessory.
As the night wore on, her Instagram comments were flooded with 'Swifties' writing: 'thanK you aIMee,' messages to demonstrate their loyalty to Taylor. 
Kim also believes the track is a pointed reference to her, according to insiders, who claim she feels backed into a corner and unable to speak out for fear she will be annihilated by Taylor’s ‘army’ of devout fans.
‘Taylor has humiliated Kim, and she knows that there is nothing she can do about it,’ a source told DailyMail.com exclusively. ‘Kim got what she feared was coming to her eventually, and is now backed in a corner because she knows Taylor’s army will destroy her if she says anything. 
‘She is going to stay silent and hopes it will go away – but her friends know that it has only just started.’
The source continued: ‘Fans are already spamming her Instagram posts with “thanK you aIMee.” The most malicious part of all of this is the song title.
‘Taylor has done a lot of diss tracks but she has never named anyone that her songs are written for.
‘There can be no other interpretation. It is spelled out and will last forever.’
The insider said Kim is ‘aware of the pain’ she caused Taylor and that she has ‘tried hard to make amends in recent years,’ adding: ‘But she never did the one thing that she really needed to all along – simply apologize.’
Her track thanK you aIMee centers on Taylor's apparent dislike for a mean school girl she refers to as 'Aimee' – who fans believe is actually Kim as Taylor confirms she changed the name of the woman in question.
In one line she sings: 'There's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you and a plaque underneath it/That threatens to push me down the stairs, at our school.'
Taylor sings in one line: 'There's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you and a plaque underneath it/That threatens to push me down the stairs, at our school' (pictured with Kim in 2015)
Taylor and Kim's ongoing feud started over a dispute between Taylor and Kim's ex husband Kanye West
Fans have also suggested a second song, Cassandra, from the album could be another subtle jab at Kim, owing to multiple references to 'snakes’
'All that time you were throwin' punches, I was buildin' somethin' / And I can't forgive the way you made me feel / Screamed 'F**k you, Aimee' to the night sky, as the blood was gushin' / But I can't forget the way you made me heal.'
She goes on to add: 'And it wasn't a fair fight, or a clean kill / Each time that Aimee stomped across my gravе / And then she wrote hеadlines/ In the local paper, laughing at each baby step I'd take.'
She also seems to references Kim's 10-year-old daughter North West dancing to her 2014 single Shake It Off on TikTok back in January, finding it ironic as the 'song is about you.'
She sings: 'And so I changed your name, and any real defining clues/And one day, your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you.'
Sharing their thoughts on social media platform X, one fan described the song as 'The ultimate f**k you,' while another shocked listener said: 'OMFG thanK you aIMee is about Kim Kardashian. This album is SO unhinged.'
Others are relentlessly spamming the comment sections on her Instagram and TikTok accounts with 'thanK you aIMee' and snake emojis. 
Fans have also suggested a second song, Cassandra, could be another subtle jab at Kim, owing to multiple references to 'snakes.’
Many believe the title character, Cassandra, is Taylor, while references to 'the call' are meant to allude to a phone call between the singer and Kanye, which Kim secretly recorded and posted online. 
Taylor also seems to reference Kim's daughter North, 10, dancing to Shake It Off on TikTok as she writes: 'Your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you'
The snake emoji has played a major role in the ongoing feud between Taylor and Kim which started over a dispute between Taylor and Kim's ex husband Kanye West.
The rapper famously stormed the stage at the 2009 VMAs when she won the prize for Best Female Video, telling the audience: 'Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you. I'mma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time.'
After tying the knot with Kanye in 2014, Kim was at his side the following year when Taylor presented him with the lifetime achievement prize at the VMAs. 
The pair appeared to have brought an end to their row - but in an interview with Rolling Stone Taylor noted that this was far from the case.
'I'm standing in the audience with my arm around his wife, and this chill ran through my body,' she recalled.
Taylor's exes Joe Alwyn (left) and Matty Healy (right) also found themselves at the center of furious speculation over supposed digs the singer made at both of them in her songs 
'I realized he is so two-faced. That he wants to be nice to me behind the scenes, but then he wants to look cool, get up in front of everyone and talk s**t. And I was so upset. He wanted me to come talk to him after the event in his dressing room. I wouldn't go.'
Adding an explosive new level to their feud, Kanye shocked the internet when, in 2016, he released his new song Famous, featuring the vulgar lyrics: 'I feel like me and Taylor Swift might still have sex/Why? I made that b***h famous.'
Kanye furiously defended himself in a now-deleted tweet in which he claimed Taylor 'thought it was funny and gave her blessings.'
Taylor's representative hit back claiming she was never made aware of the 'misogynistic message.' 
Kim then sparked a social media firestorm when she shared a Snapchat video of Kanye during a phone call with the Cruel Summer singer, which appeared to prove he had asked Taylor for permission to include lyrics about her in his new song.
After rapping the line, West can be heard saying: 'I think this is a really cool thing to have.'
Swift responds: 'I know, it's like a compliment, kind of. Yeah, I mean, what's dope about the line is it's very tongue in cheek either way. And I really appreciate you telling me about it, that's really nice.'
Taylor became the subject of furious backlash when the video was shared online, with many accusing her of being a snake.
After Kim's post made her the subject of multiple 'snake' memes, Taylor stood by her version of events in a furious social media statement.
'That moment when Kanye West secretly records your phone call, then Kim posts it on the Internet,' she wrote before asking: 'Where is the video of Kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that b****' in his song?
'It doesn't exist because it never happened. You don't get to control someone's emotional response to being called 'that b****' in front of the entire world.'
'He promised to play the song for me, but he never did. While I wanted to be supportive of Kanye on the phone call, you cannot 'approve' a song you haven't heard.
'Being falsely painted as a liar when I was never given the full story or played any part of the song is character assassination. I would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one that I have never asked to be a part of, since 2009.'
Taylor took a break from the limelight before returning in 2017 with her new single Look What You Made Me Do - a pointed dig at Kim and Kanye which took aim at the trolls who had furiously branded her a 'snake.'
She appeared to reignite the feud again in 2019 when she hit out at celebrity manager Scooter Braun, who had purchased the rights to her masters. 
She wrote: 'Some fun facts about today's news: I learned about Scooter Braun's purchase of my masters as it was announced to the world.
'All I could think about was the incessant, manipulative bullying I've received at his hands for years. Like when Kim Kardashian orchestrated an illegally recorded snippet of a phone call to be leaked and then Scooter got his two clients together to bully me online about it.
Taylor and Kim's longtime row actually began thanks to the singer's dispute with Kanye in 2009, when he famously stormed the stage at the VMAs
'Or when his client, Kanye West, organized a revenge porn music video that strips my body naked.'
It all exploded once more in 2020 with Taylor's film Miss Americana, in which she noted that she felt 'alone and bitter' during her fall-out with Kanye and Kim, adding that she was branded 'wicked and evil.'
Around the time leaked footage of her call with Kanye appeared to suggest Taylor was telling the truth about the conversation.
Days later, Kim posted a series of messages claiming Taylor was not being fully truthful and slammed the singer for her timing in rehashing the feud.
'To be clear, the only issue I ever had around the situation was that Taylor lied through her publicist who stated that "Kanye never called to ask for permission…" They clearly spoke so I let you all see that,' she wrote.
Taylor's long time publicist Tree Paine quickly responded with a social media post of her own, tweeting: 'I'm Taylor's publicist and this is my UNEDITED original statement. Btw, when you take parts out, that's editing.
'P.S. who did you guys p*** off to leak that video?'
Kim clapped back claiming 'nobody ever denied the word "b****" was used without her permission,' adding how she felt actions she and Kanye took were ethical.
After being named as TIME's Person Of The Year back in December 2023, Taylor slammed Kim for 'taking her down psychologically' and forcing her into hiding during their long-running feud - while subtly branding the reality star and her ex-husband Kanye West as 'trash'.
Tortured Poets Department is Taylor's 11th studio album since she burst onto the music scene in 2006.
Many believe she also targets her ex boyfriend Joe Alwyn on the record, accusing him of cheating on her in her acerbic song The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived.
Taylor was in a relationship with actor Joe, 32, for six years before their shock split in early 2023.
Fans have also speculated that her latest work references her short romance with The 1975 frontman, Matty Healy.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group