ByJenn McMillen
ByJenn McMillen,
 Contributor. 
PARIS, FRANCE - JUNE 17: The Paris 2024 logo is displayed near the Eiffel Tower before the start of ... More the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games on June 17, 2024 in Paris, France. The city is gearing up to host the XXXIII Olympic Summer Games, from 26 July to 11 August. (Photo by Chesnot/Getty Images)
Outside the stadiums and arenas where the 2024 Paris Olympics will make sports history, a career-making competition is taking place. It’s for consumers, not medals.
The summer games are projected to generate $12 billion in sponsorship revenue for the City of Light from nearly 80 brands, according to Sports Pro Media. But long before the games, athletic sponsors have been lining up.
Big brands endorse athletes because they’re earthly heroes with authentic, relatable stories. Many of them have overcome hardships to make it to the games, so they inspire us.
Ideally, we transfer that inspiration and achievement to the products they use.
Which leads to the financial incentive: Beloved athletes can help brands sell more licensed products by showing how well these products perform. During the Tokyo Olympics, organizers estimated brands would earn $100 million through sales of licensed goods, according to Retail Brew.
HOUSTON, TEXAS - AUGUST 29: Simone Biles unveils her inspiring Simone Biles X Athleta Because I Can ... More Collection at Athleta Woodlands Store on August 29, 2023 in The Woodlands in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Marcus Ingram/Getty Images for Athleta)
Those endorsements require investments and, history has shown, risk. (Remember when Adidas lost an estimated $540 million after dropping Ye, or Kanye West, in 2022 because of his anti-Semitic remarks?)
But how a sponsor reacts to an athlete’s off-brand behavior can be as critical, and costly, as the original misstep. The following are examples of how some notable athletic crossroads were handled.
Michael Phelps. One of the greatest Olympians, Phelps won eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and held endorsements with Kellogg, Speedo, Omega watches and Visa. But when photos revealed Phelps toking from a marijuana pipe in 2009, only Kellogg dropped him, stating that smoking pot was “not consistent with the image of Kellogg.” Phelps went on to earn 18 more gold medals at future Olympics and entered deals with Power Bar, Beats by Dre, Under Armour and others, collecting an estimated $10 million a year. Think, Kellogg: Maybe Pop Tarts and pot are compatible.
Sha’Carri Richardson. This world-record-breaking sprinter was heading to the Toyko Olympic Games but was banned after testing positive for THC (cannabis) during the trials. Richardson got in front of the issue and admitted to smoking pot following the death of her mother. Times, and attitudes about pot, have changed since the Phelps incident. Fans sympathized with Richardson, and her biggest brand backer, Nike, stuck with her. It likely paid off: Richardson ran away with two gold medals at the World Athletic Championships 2023 and will participate in the Paris Olympics as the world’s fastest woman. She competes in Nike shoes and apparel.
Ryan Lochte. The four-time Olympian swimmer and 12-time medalist got into deep trouble during the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro after fabricating a story that he and team members were robbed at gunpoint. After several high-profile news interviews, Brazilian police charged him with filing a false report and said security guards approached Lochte and his teammates after they vandalized a gas station bathroom. Four sponsors released him in a single day: Speedo, Airweave (mattresses), Gentle Hair Removal and Ralph Lauren. He lost a reported $1 million. Speedo donated $50,000 of his fee to Brazilian children through Save the Children, ESPN reported.
Tonya Harding. The figure skating hopeful’s desire for lucrative endorsements might have cost her all chances of getting one. Before the 1994 U.S. Figure Skating Championships, Harding’s then-husband hired someone to club her competitor, Olympian Nancy Kerrigan, in the leg. Kerrigan was able to compete in the Olympics, and Harding – banned from competitive skating – couldn’t nab an endorsement, not even from jeans brand No Excuses, which used Marla Maples in its ads. But Harding did get an additional 15 minutes of fame when actress Margot Robbie portrayed her in the 2017 biopic “I, Tonya,” which grossed nearly $54 million. That could have been a window of opportunity for the right brand.
Nancy Kerrigan. Before Kerrigan competed in the 1994 Olympics, she was sponsored by Campbell Soup, Ray-Ban, Reebok and Seiko watches. She also entered into a $2 million contract with the Walt Disney Co. She won silver, but not the gold that’s expected of richly endorsed athletes. Then she was caught in a couple of hot-mic incidents that made her look more like a diva than a Disney princess. In one cringy moment after a Disney World Parade (for which she skipped the closing Olympics ceremonies), Kerrigan was caught saying, “This is so corny. This is so dumb. I hate it.” Some of her endorsements ended after the Olympics.
Caitlyn Jenner. The 1976 Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, is an example of how sponsorship opportunities can evolve. The record-setting decathlon winner’s worth has been estimated at $100 million, due largely to product backing, notably by Wheaties cereal. Since transitioning to Caitlyn Jenner in 2015, fans – and some marketing experts – have suggested Wheaties feature her on the box. As Shawn Prez, CEO of marketing firm Power Moves, wrote to CNBC in 2015: “General Mills would be smart to stand by its slogan as ‘The Breakfast of Champions,’ because Caitlyn is now a champion in more ways than one.”
Brands, like athletes, recover from such PR missteps through training. Here are three basic steps.
Lastly, brands should try not to upstage their celebrity partners. A lot of remarkable athletes will be competing their hearts out at the 2024 Paris Olympics. Yes, what they wear and eat can make millions of dollars for companies, but they are still earthly heroes, though perhaps draped in gold, silver and bronze.