Newcity Art
Visual Art Culture of Chicago and Beyond
by Jennifer Smart | May 31, 2024
 Arthur Jafa, “Love is the Message, The Message is Death” (still), 2016. Video (color, sound), 7 minutes, 25 seconds/Collection Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Gift of R.H. Defares to the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago and the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 2017.34/Photo: Arthur Jafa, Courtesy of the artist and Gladstone Gallery
Although the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago has collected the work of artist and filmmaker Arthur Jafa in depth (it is home to one of the largest concentrations of his work in the world), only one of the works in the upcoming exhibition “Arthur Jafa: Works From the MCA Collection” has been shown at the museum before. Jafa’s now-canonical “Love is the Message, the Message is Death” (2016) served as the centerpiece for the 2019 exhibition “Prisoner of Love,” which also included work by Robert Mapplethorpe, Bruce Nauman and Carrie Mae Weems.
That means “Arthur Jafa,” which runs June 1-March 2, 2025, will mark the first time MCA audiences will have the opportunity to see seven of the eight Jafa works included in the exhibition.
“The last time we showed Jafa’s work it had a rapturous response, but it’s interesting to think about timing,” MCA assistant curator Jack Schneider says.
 Arthur Jafa, “Love is the Message, The Message is Death” (still), 2016. Video (color, sound), 7 minutes, 25 seconds/Collection Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Gift of R.H. Defares to the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago and the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 2017.34/Photo: Arthur Jafa, Courtesy of the artist and Gladstone Gallery
“Love is the Message” is a seven-and-a-half minute video which consists of over one-hundred clips Jafa culled primarily from YouTube, documenting a dramatic spectrum of what Black life in America consists of. Equal parts celebration and elegy, the video is a complex object featuring horrific images of the mistreatment of Black people by police juxtaposed with celebratory images of the Black church, Martin Luther King Jr., President Obama and many more, all soundtracked by Kanye West’s exultant song, “Ultralight Beam.”
“The video was first shown at the MCA in 2019, so a year before the mass flourishing of the movement for Black lives in 2020,” Schneider notes. “While of course the Black Lives Matter movement was successful in bringing attention to certain issues, it was not successful in eradicating them. So it remains really important to call attention to the plight of Black people in a white supremacist society. Jafa’s work does exactly that.”
Jafa cut his teeth as a filmmaker working on the films of others. He served as the cinematographer on Julie Dash’s now-canonical film “Daughters of the Dust,” and has worked with everyone from Spike Lee to Stanley Kubrick (as second-unit camera on “Eyes Wide Shut”). He also had success directing television commercials and music videos for artists like Solange, but he always wanted to make his own films. Although he had early videos included in important shows at the Whitney Museum of American Art in the 2000s (including the 2000 Whitney Biennial), it wasn’t until the 2016 premiere of “Love is the Message” at Gavin Brown in New York City that Jafa’s career as an art-world luminary was cemented.
His mission as an artist is, as he has described, “’simple’: I want to make Black cinema with the power, beauty and alienation of Black music.” It’s an objective that he matchlessly achieves in the four videos which are at the heart of the MCA’s exhibition.
 Arthur Jafa, “APEX” (still), 2013. Video (color, sound), 8 minutes, 12 seconds/Collection Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Gift of R.H. Defares to the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago and the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 2017.35/Photo: Arthur Jafa, Courtesy of the artist and Gladstone Gallery
“Arthur Jafa” functions as a survey of the last decade of Jafa’s practice, and will open fittingly with “Apex” (2013), the earliest video work in the MCA’s collection. The eight-minute video consists of 841 images in a rapid-fire slideshow, set to a techno soundtrack by producer and DJ Robert Hood.
“It’s important that the first gallery contains ‘Apex,’” Schneider says, “Because I really think of it as an index to Jafa’s aesthetic sensibility.”
For decades, Jafa has collected images. What began as an analog practice of cutting images and advertisements out of magazines and compiling them in binders, evolved into a digital practice of saving images and videos on a computer in the twenty-first century.
 Arthur Jafa, “APEX” (still), 2013. Video (color, sound), 8 minutes, 12 seconds/Collection Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Gift of R.H. Defares to the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago and the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 2017.35/Photo: Arthur Jafa, Courtesy of the artist and Gladstone Gallery
“’Apex’ sees him essentially transposing that practice into a video format or digital artwork,” Schneider observes. “The video creates these at-times really uncomfortable sequences between images that run the gamut from Black musical icons, to gruesome documentation of police brutality, to science-fiction films and scientific imagery.”
That style of creation—collages of found imagery and found footage rhythmically edited together to create contrasts that are moving and often unsparing in their honest depiction of the realities experienced by Black Americans—is at the heart of Jafa’s aesthetic project. Many of the images that appear in “Apex” resurface in the later videos in the exhibition.
At the MCA, “Apex” will be installed in an unconventional manner on a large LED wall in the same space as a set of prints and sculptural objects, the pulsing score by Hood serving as their de facto accompaniment as well as an introduction to the exhibition.
 Arthur Jafa, “Mickey Mouse was a Scorpio,” 2017. Chromogenic print mounted on aluminum, 52 x 83 in (132.1 x 210.8 cm)/Collection Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Gift of Marilyn and Larry Fields, 2023.61/Photo: Fredrik Nilsen
The remaining video works will each be installed in their own screening space in a carefully choreographed progression. Following “Apex” will be “akingdoncomethas” (2018), which consists of longer segments of footage from the Black church ranging from sermons to gospel performances. Jafa is highly involved in the installation of his audiovisual works and the show at the MCA is no exception. His team specified everything from which equipment the museum would need to use to project his images, to the seating that accompanies the video works. “akingdoncomethas,” for example, will be accompanied by cheap black metal folding chairs, a direct reference to the type of seating one might find in a church basement.
 Arthur Jafa, “Love is the Message, The Message is Death” (still), 2016. Video (color, sound), 7 minutes, 25 seconds/Collection Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Gift of R.H. Defares to the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago and the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 2017.34/Photo: Arthur Jafa, Courtesy of the artist and Gladstone Gallery
“The exhibition ends on ‘Love is the Message,’ which is the most affectively moving film in the sequence,” Schneider says.  “It’s cathartic and really feels like a climax.”
On June 1, the exhibition’s opening day, Jafa will take part in a public program at the museum which features the artist in conversation with Theaster Gates. The two have been friends for a number of years after meeting in Chicago at one of the Black artist retreats Gates hosts on Chicago’s South Side. More Jafa-related programming will be announced in coming weeks.
Given his intent to forge a language that captures the vitality and complexity of Black music, “Arthur Jafa” will be a loud and vibrant show, one that should feel like a celebration of both Jafa and the MCA’s patronage of his work over the years.
“Arthur Jafa: Works From the MCA Collection” at the MCA, 220 East Chicago, mcachicago.org, (312)280-2660.  June 1 through March 2, 2025.
Copyright Newcity Communications, Inc. © 2025