By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:53, 15 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:09, 15 October 2024   
 45
View  comments
Kim Kardashian has been seen for the first time on the set of her new show, All's Fair.
The actress wore a black SKIMS pajama set with her hair carefully pulled back. She had a peace sign on the air and the other hand on a desk as she pouted for the camera.
Next to her was Hollywood icon Glenn Close as well as veteran TV star Niecy Nash.
The photo was shared by Nash on Instagram as she revealed that Kim had kindly gifted her cast mates SKIMS pajamas. 'This is what happens when our leading lady @kimkardashian gifts our cast @skims It's a Pajama Party  on the set of #All'sFair with the icon @glennclose ❤️ Thank you Kimberly,' wrote Nash in her caption.
Kim - who plays a lawyer on the show - hit the like button.
This comes soon after a bombshell lawsuit was filed against her ex-husband, 47-year-old Kanye West, by his former assistant claiming sexual harassment and stalking.
Kim Kardashian has been seen for the first time on the set of her new show, All's Fair. The actress wore a black SKIMS pajama set with her hair carefully pulled back
 Next to her was blonde icon Glenn Close as well as veteran TV star Niecy Nash. The photo was shared by Nash on Instagram as she revealed that Kim had kindly gifted her cast mates SKIMS pajamas
Kanye has been slapped with a big lawsuit this month.
West is facing the accusation in an 86-page lawsuit filed by his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta. 
Lauren said the harassment took place during her employment with the rapper between 2021 and 2022.
She first launched a lawsuit against the performer in June, but recently added amendments to her filing.
Lauren says in her papers Kanye's alleged workspace 'sexual playground' was made up of a 'makeshift bedroom' she claims was often set up for the musician with a mattress, pillows, and blanket in a private room or closet.
Her suit also states Kanye regularly hosted sex parties at luxury hotels and tried to 'expose' her to the orgies.
DailyMail.com also revealed the papers contain an allegation from OnlyFans model Lauren his wife Bianca Censori, 29, acted as his 'orgy coordinator'. 
It was added his wife Bianca was his former 'sex-party participant' and 'coordinator'.
Kanye has previously denied her claims, branding any allegations from Lauren 'baseless'.
Kim also shared on Tuesday morning that she was on set reading the late Lisa Marie Presley's memoir that was finished by Lisa's daughter Riley Keough
This comes soon after a bombshell lawsuit was filed against 47-year-old West by his former assistant claiming sexual harassment and stalking. Kanye and Kim in 2019
West and Bianca Censori at Marni RTW Fall 2024 in February in Milan, Italy
Lauren's lawsuit says he 'roofied' her using a drink before raping her at a party with disgraced rap mogul Sean 'Diddy' Combs, 54, who is now in jail in New York awaiting trial on charges of sex trafficking, racketeering and prostitution.
Her filing also says Kanye had an 'obsession' with wanting to bed his partners' mothers, which she said was part of his 'kink'.
Kanye allegedly messaged Bianca on September 28, 2022 saying he wanted to have sex with her mother Alexandra, who was visiting from Australia at the time.
Details from the filing have been released by various media outlets over the last 48 hours, with the latest being that his office was a center for the rapper to indulge his kinks.
Kardashian at the 2024 ChainFEST Los Angeles VIP Night at Skylight Row on October 5,
Kim's show All's Fair is from Ryan Murphy. Kardashian will portray a powerhouse lawyer and owner of the firm.
It is a legal drama was originally announced in December 2023 and is reported to follow an all-female divorce law firm in Los Angeles.
Murphy described the program as 'a high-end, glossy, and sexy adult procedural,' per Deadline.
Murphy serves as a writer, director, and executive producer on the series.
The series will premiere in early 2025 on Hulu, according to Deadline. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group