By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:09, 24 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:44, 24 April 2024   
 26
View  comments
Larsa Pippen drew confusion from Instagram followers on Tuesday after she posted what appeared to be a heavily edited photo of herself.
The 49-year-old Real Housewives of Miami star — who has rekindled with ex Marcus Jordan — wore a zebra print jumpsuit as she modeled pieces from her eponymous jewelry range Larsa Marie.
Fans did not pay attention to Pippen's sparkling pieces as they compared her image to former BFF Kim Kardashian, 43.
'What in the Kim Kardashian wannabe is going on?' one person asked in the comments.
Another stated, 'At first I thought this was Kylie [Jenner] when I was scrolling. Then I thought it was Kim. But this is definitely not Larsa.' 
Larsa Pippen drew confusion from Instagram followers on Tuesday after she posted what appeared to be a heavily edited photo of herself
'What in the Kim Kardashian wannabe is going on?' one person asked in the comments
Another stated, 'At first I thought this was Kylie [Jenner] when I was scrolling. Then I thought it was Kim. But this is definitely not Larsa'
The thought that Larsa did not look quite like herself was nearly unanimous among the comments from her following of 5.4 million.
One comment read, 'Is Larsa in the room?' while another asked, 'Larsa is that you?'
Someone else chimed in, 'Who even is this? AI for the win,' with a crying laughing emoji.
Another critic stated plainly, 'That's not what you look like.' 
Despite the criticism, the post has managed to rack up more than 42,000 likes so far.
In the snapshot, Larsa's blonde highlighted hair was swept into a sleek ponytail set at the top of her head.
Her face was fully made up in a full palette of warm-toned, embellishing cosmetics including fluttery lashes and a glossy lip color.
The Kim comparisons come several years after the stars' friendship dissolved. 
The thought that Larsa did not look quite like herself was nearly unanimous among the comments from her following of 5.4 million
Someone else chimed in, 'Who even is this? AI for the win,' with a crying laughing emoji
Another critic stated plainly, 'That's not what you look like'
'I don't even know what happened. I was best friends with Kim and I love her and I love Kanye and I just was the person who was stuck in the middle,' Larsa said in 2022
In early 2022 Larsa spoke about what ended her relationship with Kardashian and her family.
On an episode of Real Housewives of Miami she claimed that she was 'too close' to the famous family and bore witness to what went on behind closed doors, which made her 'a problem.'
Larsa revealed: 'I don't even know what happened. I was best friends with [Kim] and I love her and I love [Kim's now-ex-husband Kanye West] and I just was the person who was stuck in the middle.
'I took a beating because I was the friend that was basically there and saw everything and that basically was the demise of our relationship. I knew too much, I was a problem and so whatever. That's kind of what happened.'
It came after she had also said in a November 2020 interview with Hollywood Raw, when Kim was still married to Kanye, 'If Kanye feels like him and Kim are better without me, then let them be without me. I'm okay with that… I will survive.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group