by 
	Kristyn Burtt


Kim Kardashian is enjoying her single life after divorcing Kanye West in 2022, but she isn’t doing it alone. The 43-year-old reality star reportedly has an A-list bestie who is joining her in her single-gal era. 

	










	Apparently, Kim and Mariah Carey are enjoying a close bond after their children struck up a friendship. Kim’s 11-year-old daughter North, and Mariah’s 13-year-old daughter Monroe enjoy each other’s company, so the superstars also joined in on the fun. “Kim and Mariah hang out a lot these days, and they actually have more in common than you’d think,” a source told Life & Style. “By far their favorite thing to talk about these days is their love lives and which guys they want to date next.” 













	Related story



	
	
		
					Kim Kardashian & North West Had a Mother-Daughter Spa Day — & Rocked the Cutest Striped Pajamas		
	










	The new BFFS do share one former beau in common, Nick Cannon. The former America’s Got Talent host dated Kim from 2006 until 2007, and he then hooked up with Mariah in 2008 after they worked on her music video, “Bye Bye” together. They were married from 2008 until 2016. Now, that they are both free to do whatever they want in their dating lives, Kim and Mariah are acting as wingmen for each other. “Mariah’s got loads of boy toys she’s offered to link Kim up with, and Kim’s planning to send some hotties Maria’s way,” the insider added. 



	We have to admit that a Kim-Mariah double date would make the paparazzi go wild, but the Skims founder is also “on the hunt for something long-term.” Daytime talk show host Kelly Ripa chimed in with dating advice for Kim in September 2022, warning her to “stay off dating apps.” Ripa added on her talk show, “You need a titan of industry. That’s what you need. That is what you are, and that is what you need. It’s a very small field but he’s out there, sitting here, watching this.”

	Kim agreed with that sentiment, responding, “I did say before, maybe I should try to date a doctor or a scientist. So maybe a bunch of attorneys or scientists would reach out.” That means athletes and actors need not apply, and hopefully, Mariah will consider that when she lines up Kim’s next date. Now, who will Kim set Mariah up with? We are dying to find out!


Before you go, click here to see celebrities who share a famous ex. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.