This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
CNN senior political commentator Van Jones warned that TV personality and model Amber Rose’s pro-Trump speech at the Republican National Convention is the "most dangerous speech" for the Democratic Party.
CNN senior political commentator Van Jones warned that TV personality and model Amber Rose’s address to the Republican National Convention in support of former President Trump was the "most dangerous speech" for the Democratic Party.
The pundit expressed trepidation over the fact that Rose, a person of color with mainstream fame, spoke at the RNC, noting that she’s appealing to people in liberal circles who may be frustrated with Democratic policies.
"That was probably the most dangerous speech for the Democratic coalition," Jones said about Rose’s speech while covering the first night of the convention in Milwaukee. 
DEMOCRAT PUSH TO REPLACE BIDEN IS ‘OVER’ AFTER TRUMP ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT, PRESIDENT'S ALLIES SAY: REPORT
CNN commentator Van Jones warns about pro-Trump model Amber Rose appealing to Democratic voters with her pro-MAGA message. (AFP Contributor/Contributor | Leigh Vogel/Stringer)
Rose’s speech at the GOP convention provided a story of her own political conversion, explaining how she went from thinking Trump was a "racist," to supporting his movement.
The model, who used to date rapper Kanye West, detailed how her Trump-supporting father challenged her to research the former president’s statements and policies outside the media lens. She took up his challenge and became a Trump fan.
LIVE UPDATES: REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION
"I realize Donald Trump and his supporters don’t care if you’re Black, White, gay or straight, it’s all love. And that’s when it hit me, these are my people. This is where I belong," she said in her speech.
Jones remarked, "That is a young woman of color. She’s describing the experience a lot of people have, feeling that maybe if you’re around too many liberals you might get criticized too much, or you might not be able to speak your mind. And she spoke to it really well."
CLICK HERE FOR MORE COVERAGE OF MEDIA AND CULTURE
Referring to the rest of the CNN panel, he added, "And she’s way more famous than any of us up here. I’m going to tell you that. Way more famous."
"And so, to the extent that these guys are trying to bust up our coalition, that was a bunker buster right there."
BIDEN SPOKE WITH TRUMP FOLLOWING SHOOTING AT PENNSYLVANIA RALLY
Amber Rose speaks during the Republican National Convention on Monday, July 15, 2024, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper spoke to the effectiveness of Rose’s speech as well. He replied to Jones, "And it’s one of the things we’ve been talking about – there are speakers that speak to the room, and there are speakers who speak through the television screen. She speaks through the camera to the audience at home."
Rose first made waves with her support for Trump in May, posting photos of herself in a bikini and MAGA hat on social media, as well as sharing photos of her meeting with Trump and former First Lady Melania Trump.
When asked about her new pro-Trump stance at the time, she told TMZ, "Is Donald Trump not for women's rights issues? – He's trying to Make America Great Again – that's for women too." 
"We just did our research and we're not brainwashed anymore by the left," she added. 
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Fox News Digital’s Charles Creitz contributed to this report.
Gabriel Hays is an associate editor for Fox News Digital. 
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.