By 

	Patricia Meschino


	This year’s Grammys have a chance to make history, albeit in a way that might get missed by most TV viewers watching music’s biggest night at home. For the first time in its 39-year existence, the award for Best Reggae Album might go to a “one rhythm” album — or, as they say in Jamaica, “one riddim.” A one-riddim album is an LP with multiple artists singing or deejaying over the same beat. The nominated LP is Cali Roots Riddim 2023, produced by New Orleans born, Bermuda-raised singjay Collie Buddz, and featuring a stellar cast of Jamaican and American reggae artists. Cali Roots Riddim 2023 has some stiff competition, including releases by stars like Beenie Man and Buju Banton, but if it were to win, the victory would be a meaningful acknowledgement of a uniquely Jamaican style of music making. “The Cali Roots riddim started with the idea of showcasing talent from all over the world who share a passion and a love for reggae music,” says Collie Buddz, who will attend the Grammy ceremony. “It’s weird to see my name with all the reggae legends, but I’ll take it.” 

	The nom for the Cali Roots Riddim 2023 represents the far-reaching influence of what has been standard practice within the Jamaican music industry for the past 50 years. A single riddim can accommodate disparate ideas and vocal approaches; it can also yield simultaneous hits for several artists when it is initially released and again when it’s remade years, or even decades, after its creation. 

	The roots of riddims go back to the 1960s, when Leroy Sibbles, lead singer and songwriter for celebrated vocal trio the Heptones and house bass player at the iconic Studio One, created bass lines that became anchors for many of Jamaican music’s most recycled riddims. “Other producers would just copy our rhythms because they sounded good,” Sibbles says. “They’d pick a track, rerecord it, and get their artists to write and record on it. They would try their own rearrangements, but they couldn’t mess with the bass lines much,” Sibbles says, laughing, “because the bass lines are what the music was recognized from.”

	The first one-riddim album, 1974’s Yamaha Skank, was helmed by prolific singer-producer Rupie Edwards and featured artists deejaying and musicians soloing over the beat from the Uniques’ “My Conversation.” (The song’s riddim was originally produced by Bunny Lee.) Ever since, multiple artists voicing on the same riddim (or “juggling,” in reggae parlance) has been a mainstay in Jamaican music. The concept proliferated with the explosion of digitized beats in 1985. Economics plays a role too: Producers’ chances of creating hit songs increases when multiple artists are recorded on the same beat, and it’s less expensive to recycle music that already exists than it is to hire musicians to come up with something new. 

	So, in appreciation of the one-riddim production style’s rich history and Grammy moment, we’ve compiled a list of 25 essential reggae and dancehall riddims, recognizing the most important songs associated with each, as well as the producers and musicians who made them happen.

	The Sound Dimension band at Studio One, led by teenage keyboard prodigy Jackie Mittoo, created the evergreen Real Rock, highlighted by the meshed interplay of Boris Gardner’s rumbling bass, drummer Phil Callendar’s steady pace, Vin Gordon’s sly trombone, guitarist Eric Frater’s supple chords, and Mittoo’s irresistible three-note organ riffs. Willie Williams sang the immortal “Armagideon Time” over the beat, and the Clash offered a punky reggae version of the riddim via Williams’ classic on their 1980 track “Justice Tonight/Kick It Over.” As with many popular riddims, Real Rock has been interpolated, sampled, and recut by other Jamaican producers for various artists, including U.K. chanter Smiley Culture’s “Cockney Translation,” reggae legend Beres Hammond’s mid-Nineties classic “I Could Beat Myself,” and singer Sanchez’s hit cover of R&B quartet Shai’s “If I Ever Fall in Love Again.”

Key Tracks: “Armagideon Time,” Willie Williams; “I Could Beat Myself,” Beres Hammond 

	Like Real Rock, the Full Up riddim was originally recorded at Studio One as an instrumental, not necessarily for artists to overlay their vocals. “That day we had no one to make rhythms for, so we made instrumentals; back then, we made the music around the song that the singer presented to us. Nowadays, they make a beat, artists listen, write their lyrics, and record on it. So it has turned around,” Leroy Sibbles explains. Sibbles’ thunderous bass line and Jackie Mittoo’s shimmering keyboard swirls dominate Full Up, which surged in popularity with producer Gussie Clarke’s 1981 use of the riddim on vocal trio the Mighty Diamonds’ beloved ganja anthem “Pass the Kouchie.” English reggae band Musical Youth’s transformation of the Diamonds’ song, “Pass the Dutchie,” took a reinterpretation of the Full Up to the U.S. Top 10 in 1982. 

Key Tracks: “Pass the Kouchie,” the Mighty Diamonds; “Pass the Dutchie,” Musical Youth

	Originally crafted at Studio One and named after Jamaican singer Roy Richards’ interpretation of Little Richard’s funky call for liberation, the Freedom Blues riddim is anchored in Leroy Sibbles’ robust, swinging bass. Over the years, many producers have retooled this impressive beat and spawned additional reggae gems. Deejay Tappa Zukie used Freedom Blues for his hit “MPLA,” a tribute to Angolan freedom fighters (and an alternate name for the riddim). In the 1980s, producer King Jammys’ reissue of the beat yielded a major hit with Admiral Tibet’s “Serious Times,” followed by an even bigger remix of Tibet’s commentary, featuring Shabba Ranks and Ninja Man, produced by Bobby Digital. Resurfacing in the 1990s, the Freedom Blues riddim was significant in that decade’s Rasta Renaissance in dancehall, as the sonic bed for Buju Banton’s “God of My Salvation” and the title track on singer Luciano’s 1995 breakthrough album, Where There Is Life. In 2012, Truckback Records issued its update of the beat as the Freedom Shines riddim.

Key Tracks: “Serious Times,” Admiral Tibet; “Ninja Man,” Shabba Ranks; “God of My Salvation,” Buju Banton

	Originally named Stalag 17, after the 1953 World War II film, the Stalag is said to be reggae’s most-sampled riddim. Produced by Winston Riley, the Stalag’s composition is usually credited to Riley and keyboardist Ansell Collins. However, veteran Jamaican drummer Carlton “Santa” Davis, of the Soul Syndicate, one of Kingston’s top studio outfits in the 1970s, has claimed that Riley wasn’t present at the recording session (his brother, Buster Riley, was), and that Collins only composed the riddim’s keyboard segments. Santa contends he and his bandmates, including George “Fully” Fullwood, whose soul-shaking bass line dominates the riddim, remain uncredited and unpaid for their contributions. The Stalag riddim went on to undergird classics like General Echo’s “Arleen,” Tenor Saw’s “Ring the Alarm,” and Sister Nancy’s “Bam Bam” (a 1982 interpretation of a Toots and the Maytals hit), and has been sampled on numerous tracks, including Kanye West’s “Famous” and Jay-Z’s “Bam,” featuring Damian Marley.

	Key Tracks: “Bam Bam,” Sister Nancy; “Ring the Alarm,” Tenor Saw

	No other riddim has had the instantaneous, transformative impact of the Sleng Teng. The riddim’s creation is now part of reggae lore: Musician Noel Davey was given a Casio MT-40 keyboard. He brought it to his neighbor, singer Wayne Smith, and after playing around with the keyboard’s “rock” preset (programmed by Japanese engineer Hiroko Okuda), they came up with a sequence they liked. They brought the riddim to producer Lloyd “King Jammy” James, who slowed it down to make it palatable to a reggae audience; Smith, then 18, recorded his song “Under Mi Sleng Teng” (professing a fondness for skinny marijuana joints), and when Jammy played it on his Jammys Hi-Fi sound system, the crowd’s reaction was so overwhelming, he decided to release it commercially. Sleng Teng launched reggae’s digital explosion: More than 250 songs have been recorded on the beat, which spawned many sound-alike riddims, including “Computer Rule,” by producer Harry J and King Tubby’s Tempo. Sleng Teng has been sampled many times by artists of various genres, including on Snoop Dogg’s “Fruit Juice,” which he recorded as Snoop Lion on his 2013 reggae album, Reincarnated.

Key Tracks: “Under Mi Sleng Teng,” Wayne Smith; “Pumpkin Belly,” Tenor Saw

	The danceable, pulsating beat is named after Admiral Bailey’s explicit ode to female genitalia, which he recorded on top of it, though the same rhythmic pattern is also heard on Echo Minott’s 1985 sensation “What the Hell the Police Can Do.” Issued through King Jammys’ label, the irresistibly syncopated groove was created by celebrated, musician/production duo Steely and Clevie (the late Wycliffe “Steely” Johnson and Cleveland “Clevie” Brown), who had significant input and influence on numerous dancehall riddims of the era. Admiral Bailey riffs on other essentials, food and music, with the general-audience friendly “Healthy Body,” and singer Cocoa Tea croons the heartbroken tale of finding, then losing, “Sonia.” Among the most reworked riddims of all time, Punanny can be heard, at a slower pace, on Cutty Ranks’ 1990 hit “The Stopper” and on Beenie Man’s popular 1996 track “Girls Dem Sugar.”

Key Tracks: “I’ve Found My Sonia/Sonia Come Back,” Cocoa Tea; “Healthy Body,” Admiral Bailey

	Created by Steely and Clevie, Fish Market is perhaps the most influential Jamaican riddim ever made; its cadence not only inspired other dancehall beats of the era, it also laid the foundation for an entirely new genre: reggaeton. Fish Market is at the center of a lawsuit filed by the estate of the late Wycliffe “Steely” Johnson and Cleveland Brown in California’s central district court against Universal Music Group and Warner-Chappell Publishing, claiming the riddim has been copied or sampled in more than 1,800 reggaeton songs, by some 160 defendants (including Daddy Yanke and Bad Bunny). The reggaeton subgenre dembow takes its name from Shabba Ranks’ 1990 hit “Dem Bow,” recorded on a cut of Fish Market that Steely and Clevie gave to the late producer Bobby Digital.

Key Tracks: “Dem Bow,” Shabba Ranks; “Poco Man Jam,” Gregory Peck

	Throughout their esteemed and prolific partnership, which began in the mid-Seventies, drum-bass and production duo Sly Dunbar and (the late) Robbie Shakespeare were consistent innovators. Dunbar was especially open to new technological advances, like the drum machines they used on recordings with vocal trio Black Uhuru in the late 1970s, ushering in a new sound that predated reggae’s computer-generated riddim explosion by a few years.

	So, it’s not surprising that these musical titans would have several hit riddims, none bigger than the up tempo Bam Bam. Named after a 1966 Toots Hibbert classic, characterized by its hypnotic guitar loop and Dunbar’s Banghra-influenced programmed drums (there’s no bass on the riddim), the Bam Bam was the foundation of numerous dancehall hits, including Nardo Ranks’ “Dem a Bleach,” Pliers’ rendition of “Bam Bam,” and, with gravel-voiced DJ Chaka Demus, their global hit “Murder She Wrote.” Sampled numerous times, the Bam Bam riddim can also be heard on French Montana’s “Freaks” and Jason Derulo’s “Too Hot.”

Key Tracks: “Murder She Wrote” Chaka Demus and Pliers; “Dem a Bleach” Nardo Ranks

	Pepper Seed was the breakthrough beat for producer Dave Kelly and his Madhouse Records’ catalog of popular dancehall riddims. The Pepper Seed’s repeated synthesized loop over a thumping bass yields a hypnotic pattern that still fills up dance floors. Nearly every artist who recorded on the Pepper Seed had a hit song – from superstar deejays like Buju Banton (“Man a Look Yah”) and Beenie Man (“Miss Angela”) to lesser-known artists like Daddy Screw and Donovan Steele (“Big Things a Gwaan,”) Dugsy Ranks (“Wifey,”) Frisco Kid (“Big Speech,”) and Louie Culture (“No Gal”).

Key Tracks: “Big Things a Gwaan,” Daddy Screw and Donovan Steele; “Number 2,” Terror Fabulous feat. Brian and Tony Gold

	A Rasta renaissance occurred in dancehall during the mid-1990s. Many artists grew dreadlocks, and espoused spiritual and cultural themes in their music that were more closely associated with 1970s roots reggae than dancehall’s often explicit and violent lyrics. The quintessential riddim of that movement is the Kette Drum. Produced by Bobby Digital, the riddim is named for the West African hand-held instrument, heard at Rastafarian Nyabinghi celebrations or drumming sessions. Rooted in meditative drumming and embellished by acoustic-guitar strums, the riddim inspired hardcore deejays like Mad Cobra and Bounty Killer to cast aside violent posturing and deliver something more spiritual.

Key Tracks: “Holy Mount Zion,” Cocoa Tea; “Kette Drum,” Beenie Man and Determine

	Imagine a Wurlitzer organ playing a reggae shuffle over a thumping bass line — that’s Dave Kelly’s delightful Joyride riddim, another defining beat within dancehall’s 1990s golden age. In addition to creating the engaging riddims, Kelly writes most of the song lyrics for the artists he works with. Great songs written over Joyride include Lady Saw’s humorous yet adamant refusal to engage in certain sexual practices, “Sycamore Tree”; Frisco Kid’s safe-sex anthem “Rubbers”; and the unforgettable hook to Tanya Stephens’ ingenious put-down of braggadocious males, “Yuh Nuh Ready for Dis Yet.” “My dream was to be a deejay, and I guess that is where my writing skills came from,” says Kelly. “So, I try to make my lyrics authentic — so when Beenie Man, Bounty Killer, or Lady Saw does a song, it sounds like something they would say.” 

Key Tracks: “Sycamore Tree,” Lady Saw; “Yuh Nuh Ready for Dis Yet” Tanya Stephens

	Singjay Tony Rebel is a significant figure in dancehall’s 1990s Rasta resurgence, inspiring artists including Buju Banton and Garnet Silk. Rebel’s Flame Productions created the popular Lalabella riddim, named after one of Ethiopia’s holiest cities and a pilgrimage destination for Rastafarians. A majestic, melodic riddim with subtle guitar flourishes, Lalabella motivated reggae anthems that still resonate today, including Everton Blender’s rallying “Ghetto People’s Song,” Ras Shiloh’s tender “Are You Satisfied,” and Rebel’s spiritual fortification statement, “If Jah Is Standing By My Side,” originally released as “Why Be Afraid.”

	The Lalabella riddim has been at the center of ongoing litigation: in 1999 keyboardist Wayne Lattibeaudiere alleged Tony Rebel had breached his copyright with regards to his composition of an instrumental called Going Home that he contends Rebel’s Flames Productions later released under the name Lalabella. Rebel lost the case on a default judgement, appealed the judge’s decision, then lost again.

Key Tracks: “If Jah,” Tony Rebel; “Ghetto People’s Song,” Everton Blender

	With its cadenced shouts of “hey, hey, hey” layered over what sounds like a thumping bass, Dave Kelly’s Showtime riddim — heard on such hits as “Bashment Party” by Shaggy and Rayvon, and Spragga Benz’s “We No Like” — sounds just as exhilarating today as it did when it was released 27 years ago. “I bought a CD of hip-hop scratches, which was a big thing in the late Eighties, early Nineties; that’s what I used to make Showtime,” Kelly explains. “The jute, jute, jute, jute sound you hear is scratching or sounds that I made from my mouth. There’s no bass, guitar, keyboards, or drums. Some of the scratches are detuned so they produce a deeper bass, but if you pitch them up you will hear the scratching.  I make all of my sounds from scratch, that’s why Madhouse beats are so hard to copy.”

Key Tracks: “Gal Pon de Side,” Frisco Kid; “Searching Dem Searching,” Wayne Wonder

	Like his younger brother Dave, producer Tony “CD” Kelly’s riddims significantly shaped dancehall’s golden age. Bookshelf is one of his finest, led by its effervescent synth line. Also, like his brother, Tony has written or co-written many of the best songs on his riddims. With Bookshelf, that includes “Deport Them,” the first single from Sean Paul’s debut album, Stage One; Tanto Metro and Devonte’s “Gal Say Wooee”; and the Beenie Man song that gave the riddim its name. Sasha wrote her own song to the beat, “Dat Sexy Body,” which was sampled in 2016 on the Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez single “Sexy Body.”

Key Tracks: “Gal Say Wooee,” Tanto Metro and Devonte; “Deport Them” Sean Paul

	An impeccably crafted beat by Kingston producer Jeremy Harding (formerly a house-music and hip-hop club-and-radio DJ in Canada as well as Sean Paul’s first manager), Liquid starts with an almost baroque harpsichord sequence that gives way to an irresistibly danceable rhythmic symphony. Sean Paul and Ce’cile shine brightest with their playful flirtation on the catchy “Can You Do the Work?”; Wayne Marshall brings the bashment vibes on “Feeling It”; and Tanto Metro and Devonte’s appealing “Give It to Her,” which cracked the Billboard Hot 100, is especially notable because of its early use of Auto-Tune.

Key Tracks: “Can You Do the Work?” Sean Paul feat. Ce’cile; Tanto Metro and Devonte “Give It to Her”

	Initially dismissed by dancehall artists as noisy and strange, producer-keyboardist Steven “Lenky” Marsden’s Diwali is perhaps dancehall’s most successful riddim. It provided the underpinning for Sean Paul’s Billboard Hot 100 chart-topper “Get Busy,” as well as Lumidee’s “Never Leave You (Uh Oooh, Uh Oooh),” and Wayne Wonder’s “No Letting Go,” and it was sampled on Rihanna’s breakout single “Pon De Replay,” 

	Named after the Hindu festival of lights, Diwali layers handclaps and strategic synth rolls into a mesmeric pattern that sounds unlike anything that preceded it. Besides the international hits, the Diwali also spawned core dancehall anthems including Bounty Killer’s “Sufferer” and TOK’s rollicking “Galang Gal,” with Lenky’s production providing a slightly different instrumental emphasis on each track. What was Lenky’s inspiration for the riddim? “That came from being mentored by Sly Dunbar,” he says. “Sly was always innovating with the drum machine and he would say try to do something different, and I did, so it’s really a Sly thing.”

Key Tracks: “Get Busy,” Sean Paul; “No Letting Go,” Wayne Wonder

	While hanging out at a friend’s home in Yonkers, New York, producer Cordell “Skatta” Burrelll brought together sampled handclaps and traditional Indian chanting; he loaded the sample into his drum machine, put a bouncy synth bass-driven beat underneath it, and came up with the Coolie Dance riddim. (“Coolie” is an archaic pejorative describing immigrant laborers of East and South Asian countries used in the U.S. and in former British colonies; the term has been reclaimed by some descendants of these laborers as a reminder of their ancestors’ struggle.) A distant sonic cousin of the Diwali, the Coolie Dance supported four simultaneous Billboard Hot 100 chart hits in 2004: Pitbull’s “Culo,” Elephant Man and Twista’s “Jook Gal,” Mr. Vegas’ “Pull Up,” and Nina Sky’s “Move Ya Body.” On her 2023 Renaissance World Tour, Beyoncé performed her track “Move” to the pulse of the Coolie Dance.

Key Tracks:  “Pull Up,” Mr. Vegas; “Move Ya Body,” Nina Sky feat. Jabba

	Producer Donovan “Don Corleon” Bennett rose to prominence with the uptempo dancehall riddims Egyptian and Good to Go, and as the producer of early hits for Vybz Kartel, who gave Don his nickname. But it’s Bennett’s Drop Leaf riddim, a traditional one-drop reggae beat awash in tasteful guitar strums, that stands as a benchmark riddim of the 2000s. The Drop Leaf brought out the best from every artist who recorded on it: Sizzla’s “Be Strong,” T.O.K.’s “Footsteps,” and Sean Paul’s “Never Gonna Be the Same” (two laments of loved ones lost); Morgan Heritage’s “Best Friend,” and Jah Cure’s heart-wrenching “Longing For,” the latter recorded while the artist was in prison, serving eight years for a (contested) rape conviction. Collie Buddz recorded “Young Girl” on the Drop Leaf and his Cali Roots Riddim 2023 is a direct descendant of Corleon’s mellow roots flavor.

Key Tracks: “Footprints,” T.O.K.; “Longing For,” Jah Cure

	Created by then-16-year-old Stephen “Di Genius” McGregor, son of legendary reggae singer Freddie McGregor, and produced by Delly Ranx, this sparse riddim’s tense, suspenseful, intentionally dark mood lends itself to songs that highlight dancehall’s grittier, gangster side. Vybz Kartel’s lyrical mastery is raw and riveting on “Gunshot,” and Mavado’s beautiful singjay tone contrasts the flying marrow depictions on his chilling breakout single, “Wha Dem Go Do,” which reached Billboard’s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop chart. (Before 2006 ended, Kartel, who has been incarcerated since 2011, serving a life sentence for murder, and Mavado began one of the most volatile feuds in dancehall history; some of their exchanged diss songs were recorded on Di Genius’s After Dark and Power Cut riddims.) There are lighter moments, too, including Delly Ranx and Chino McGregor’s (Stephen’s older brother) enjoying the intoxicating effect of the mixed drink that gives the riddim its name. So popular in its time, 40 artists recorded songs on the Red Bull and Guinness riddim, which were released on two riddim compilation albums for Greensleeves and VP Records. 

Key Tracks: “Weh Dem A Do,” Mavado; “Red Bull and Guinness,” Delly Ranx and Chino McGregor

	Utilizing a simple yet steady drum pattern overlaid with whistle-like synths, producer Sean “Seanizzle” Reid’s One Day riddim takes its name from his own motivational song recorded on the beat and because all of the artists on the riddim are said to have recorded on the same day. The riddim’s popularity escalated with ZJ Liquid’s humorous side-chick anthem “Wifey Walk Out,” Khago’s loyalty pledge “Nah Sell Out,” and especially Beenie Man celebrating another popular drink of the era, “Rum and Red Bull” (featuring Future Fambo). Omnipresent in dancehall at the dawn of the 2010s, the One Day riddim got a stateside boost when Beenie Man and Khago’s songs received airplay on New York hip-hop station Hot 97.

Key Tracks: “Rum and Red Bull,” Beenie Man feat. Future Fambo; “Nah Sell Out,” Khago

	With its sweeping synth chords that crescendo, recede, then build again in an entrancing, overlapping repetition, the Overproof riddim dominated the dancehall scene circa 2011. Created by Justus Arison and the late Patrick “Roach” Samuels for their JA Productions, the Overproof boasted songs from more than 25 artists and is considered one of the last great juggling riddims because it yielded so many hits. Its biggest songs include Mavado’s romantic “Settle Down,” which shed the “gangster for life” image he’d cultivated, Beenie Man’s carefree “Let’s Go,” Khago’s temperature raising “Turn Up Di Ting,” and, more surprisingly, New Zealand-British singer-songwriter-producer Daniel Bedingfield’s pop-leaning “Sometimes You Just Know.” JA Productions also issued a soca version of the beat, Overproof With Lime.

Key Tracks: “Sometimes You Just Know,” Daniel Bedingfield; “Tun Up De Thing” Khago

	Just as the kette drum exemplified the Rasta resurgence in 1990s dancehall, producer-musician Phillip “Winta” James’ Rootsman riddim is a defining riddim for the Reggae Revival movement of the 2010s. Artists such as Chronixx, Jah9, Jesse Royal, and Iba Mahr came to the fore in the previous decade, delivering strong statements rooted in their Rastafari way of life on this majestic roots-reggae beat, with a chiming keyboard line running through it. Rootsman provided musical support for Chronixx’s first single, “Here Comes Trouble,” its lyrics heralding a change in attitude and in music. Chronixx performed the song on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, incorporating Jesse Royal’s “Modern Day Judas” and Jah 9’s “Reverence” also featured on the Rootsman Riddim EP. Damian Marley’s turn on the Rootsman (not included on the EP) is the brilliant “Is It Worth It (Gunman World),” which attempts to understand the mindset of murderers, the conditions that breed them, and the impact of their violent actions on their loved ones.

Key Tracks: “Here Comes Trouble,” Chronixx; “Is It Worth It (Gunman World),” Damian Marley

Protoje, who ascended to stardom in the early-2010s, co-produced the gently swaying Rock & Groove riddim, with Jason “J. Vibe” Farmer, as a vehicle to exclusively showcase female talent, including the women signed to his In.Digg.Nation Collective label. Featured vocalists Sevana, Naomi Cowan, Jaz Elise, and Lila Iké are each dynamic on their individual Rock & Groove songs, as they address different facets of relationships. Although “Rock and Groove” is the name of a 1981 Bunny Wailer hit song and album, the Rock & Groove riddim interpolates elements of the 1980 Gunman riddim, named after singer Michael Prophet’s commentary on the omnipresent (politically motivated) violence in Jamaica at the time.

Key Tracks: “Sweet Inspiration,” Lila Iké; “Rock & Groove,” Jaz Elise

	Producer Jahvy Ambassador created his Soul Survivor riddim as a therapeutic exercise just days after his involvement in a serious car accident that required months of rehabilitation. The sleek riddim, more closely aligned to R&B and trap than reggae or dancehall, features artists that he had previously worked with including Alkaline, who encouraged Jahvy to make the riddim while he was recuperating. Great songs on Soul Survivor include Jahmiel’s “Shepard,” which encourages young people to pursue their dreams, and Mavado’s “Life,” a stunning autobiographical tale detailing the suffering the artist endured to attain success.

Key Tracks: “Ocean Wave,” Alkaline; “Shepard,” Jahmiel

	Artist-producer Collie Buddz’ Cali Roots Riddim 2023 is the third in a series of one-riddim albums, preceded by Cali Roots Riddim 2020 and Cali Roots Riddim 2021, each of which conveys the essence of California reggae’s laid-back, cannabis-infused, easy-skanking grooves. With its gently woven guitar strums and bubbling bass, the Cali Roots Riddim 2023, produced by Buddz with additional production by Jason “J-Vibe” Farmer, evokes the soothing sonics of producer Don Corleone’s 2004 Drop Leaf riddim, and has similarly yielded a mix of romantic and cultural songs. On the Grammy-nominated album that bares its name, the riddim backs a number of appealing love songs — Jamaican singjay Busy Signal’s “A Thousand Times,” British Jamaican singer Khalia’s “High,” and Chilean reggae band Gondwana’s “Do It Right,” which is partially sung in Spanish. Elsewhere on Cali Roots Riddim 2023, SOJA recounts their love affair with reggae music on “Press Remix,” J Boog and Hawaiian reggae band the Green come together on the encouraging “Never Give Up,” SoCal act the Expendables overlay crunching guitar riffs atop their hopeful “Living a Brighter Day,” and Vermont-based singer-songwriter Mihali celebrates “hittin’ the kush, rippin’ the haze, burnin’ the bush” on the elevating “Light It Up.” 

	“The era of the Drop Leaf riddim — and Don Corleone was a master at that one-drop style of beat — was definitely an influence,” says Buddz. Whether or not this album takes home a statue, it’s proof that the decades-long tradition of riddim reinvention is alive and well.

Key Tracks: “Never Give Up,” J Boog and the Green; “Press Remix,” SOJA
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.