Kanye West's daughter North was every inch the young star in the making as she performed at her famous dad's concert after raising concern with Elementary School Dropout.
The 10-year-old sent fans into a frenzy after performing on stage with her siblings Psalm and Chicago, and jumping around with them. North looked cool dressed in an oversized black t-shirt and black joggers as she took to the stage with Kanye, adding a pair of chunky knee-high boots and a fluffy hat to her look.
Her show-stopping cameo came as North announced that she is set to release her debut album - with the LP named in her dad's honour. Elementary School Dropout is a nod to her dad's 2004 hit College School Dropout. The youngster stole the show as she appeared on stage alongside dad Kanye West as his Vultures 2 listening party in Phoenix, Arizona, on Sunday.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham Jr showed 'lots of chemistry' at Oscars afterparty
That's where the eldest child of Kanye and ex-wife Kim Kardashian, North also revealed the title for the upcoming release - Elementary School Dropout. The controversial title of the album was met with a mixed response from fans. Some thought the title was 'inappropriate.'
Although some fans thought the name meant she has quit school for good, while others loved the lively title. Concerned fans have since discussed the news online with one posting on X: "So she dropped out of Elementary School??" before another speculated: "Homeschooled."
A cruel troll then scathed: "Mom is a plastic p*rn maker and dad is a whackaholic and she's 'dropping out of elementary school'. "North was oblivious to the comments and was on cloud nine as she announced her new job.
She said: "Hi, it's Northie, and I've been working on an album. And it's called Elementary School Drop Out." The enthralled audience at the Footprint Center then erupted into cheers.
North is no stranger to performing live and has already been seen joining him on stage at several album launch events. She features on a song on the album where she is heard rapping: "It's your bestie. Miss, Miss Westy! Don't try and test me. It's gonna get messy. Just, just bless me. Bless me!"
The youngster was joined by Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign on the stage in Miami as they danced side by side while she dropped her bars from the track. Kanye released volume 1 of Vultures on February 9 and has a further two parts of the album set to be released over the coming months.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.