Kanye West is saying goodbye to his longtime Yeezy Chief of Staff.
The abrupt ending comes in what appears to be a mass exodus at the fashion company - which was founded by the rapper in 2009.
Milo Yiannopoulos, who's been the point man on all things Yeezy for almost two years, confirmed that he was stepping down from Ye's enterprise to TMZ.
He told the outlet: "I wish Ye every success in the future. I have some concerns about his new team, and hope he proceeds with caution."
At this moment in time, it's unclear who exactly might be a part of Kanye's so-called new team but it's apparent they haven't gelled well with Milo.
Read more: Jane Fonda is 'ageing backwards' as she makes appearance with new hairstyle at Cannes
But that's not all that seemed to not be sitting right with Milo.
Milo also provided TMZ a copy of his resignation letter, which cites major issues over the formation of "Yeezy Porn."
In it, Milo firmly stated that he doesn't want to be involved in producing or distributing pornographic material for moral and religious reasons.
He noted it can be, "an imminent danger to my life as a recovering addict and an unacceptable risk to my spiritual and physical health as a former homosexual."
Don’t miss:
Archie and Lilibet won't appear in Meghan and Harry's Netflix show after huge disagreement [REVEALED]
Sydney Sweeney teases envy-worthy figure as she channels inner beach babe on Hawaii trip [PICTURES]
Baby Reindeer’s Jessica Gunning almost breaks down as she recalls filming ‘intense’ scene [EXCLUSIVE]
While Milo is standing his ground when it comes to Ye's porn venture he isn't shutting the door on working with the rapper completely.
Mile admitted that if Kanye ditches the on-camera sex venture, "it would be an honor to serve you again."
When it comes to Kanye's new raunchy venture, the rapper has reportedly been in talks with the likes of Stormy Daniels' ex, Mike Moz.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated