Kim Kardashian tells Zoe Winkler on the latest episode of the iHeartRadio podcast What in the Winkler? that she is "basically raising" her four children with the artist formerly known as Kanye West by herself. 
Kardashian pointed out how she and Winkler have "mostly connected" on several aspects of parenting, including the feeling that they sometimes feel alone. 
"It's not something that I talk about a lot because I feel like there is always a lot of judgment or people always will jump to the, 'Oh, but you have the resources to have nannies and to have help.' And I just think that no matter what kind of help I have, basically raising four kids by myself."
Kim cited the experience of organizing a carpool that morning with five kids. "Everyone wants to leave at, like, different times or wants different stuff," she said. "And I feel like I'm at like a pit stop of a race car driver." 
In a 2022 Ellen interview, Kardashian said she prefers to "take the high road" when it comes to being publicly critical of Ye because he is the father of her  children. 
"I think that's just who I am and I always saw such a good example in my mom and my dad in their relationship, so I’m always just hopeful and no matter what goes on, it’s the father of my kids," she said. "I'll always be protective—I always want my kids to just see the best of the best. So I just try to—as hard as it can be sometimes—I do try to ignore it and just try to do whatever’s best for the kids. … Take the high road."
Though she typically takes the high road regarding criticisms toward Ye, it’s clear that Kardashian can’t help but feel frustrated at times.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.