Share
Ellis Cashmore, author of "Celebrity Culture," joins LiveNOW's Christina Evans to examine how celebrity endorsements for political candidates affect elections.
The 2024 presidential election is quickly approaching, and as Election Day nears, more and more celebrities are going public with their support for the candidate of their choice. 
Ellis Cashmore, author of "Celebrity Culture," said celebrity endorsements date back to the post-World War II era of the 1950s and early ‘60s, when Frank Sinatra endorsed and was very vocal in his support for John F. Kennedy Jr. (He later supported Richard Nixon). 
FILE - Former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris  
"Looking back, I can’t think that many of them really worked," Cashmere said in an interview with LiveNow from FOX. "One thing celebrities are very good at is selling, but they sell things – coffee makers or automobiles – not necessarily people, because when you try to sell a politician you’re selling his or her ideas, their policies, their thoughts. And that’s not such an easy sell."
Here’s a breakdown of celebrity endorsements in the 2024 election.
On Oct. 3, Bruce Springsteen publicly endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris and her running mate Tim Walz in the U.S. presidential election. 
In a video shared on Instagram, Springsteen called it "one of the most consequential elections in our nation’s history." He praised Harris and Walz for their commitment to an inclusive vision of America, saying, "That’s the vision of America that I’ve been consistently writing about for 55 years."
Springsteen also spoke about the deep political and emotional divisions in the country, saying, "It doesn’t have to be this way." He added that the "common values and shared stories that make us a great and united nation are waiting to be rediscovered."
Moments after the first presidential debate between Harris and Trump, Taylor Swift announced she would be endorsing the vice president. 
"Like many of you, I watched the debate tonight," Swift, one of the music industry's biggest stars, wrote on Instagram on Sept. 10. "If you haven’t already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stances these candidates take on the topics that matter to you the most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country." 
In the immediate aftermath of the first presidential debate between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, music star Taylor Swift announced she would be endorsing Kamala Harris for president.
She continued: "Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth." 
Mel Brooks, the 98-year-old legendary actor, comedian and filmmaker, endorsed Harris on social media on Sept. 12. 
 "I don’t have a cat, so a dog will have to do! But like Taylor Swift I’m all in for @KamalaHarris & @Tim_Walz! #VoteBlue," the post on X reads. 
Academy Award-winning actor Jennifer told People Magazine that she’s voting for Harris because "I think she’s an amazing candidate and I know that she will do whatever she can to protect reproductive rights."  
"That’s the most important thing, is to not let somebody into the White House who is going to ban abortion."
According to The Daily Beast, Stewart, a TV personality and businesswoman, said she supports Harris because she wants a president "who doesn’t hate New York" and "doesn’t hate democracy."
Martha Stewart attends the 2024 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Launch Party at Hard Rock Hotel on May 16, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Taylor Hill/WireImage) 
Billionaire Mark Cuban has publicly endorsed both Harris and Walz on social media:
Dave Bautista, a WWE star and actor, endorsed Harris and Walz in a get-out-the-vote video he posted on Instagram. While Bautista didn’t explicitly mention Harris or Walz in the video, the video’s featured image shows Bautista wearing a Harris-Walz T-shirt. 
"This election is too important," he said in the video. 
"Made my freedom heard," he wrote on social media. "Voting early took me 20 mins—no excuses. Freedom isn’t something we just talk about; it’s something we act on. Do your part, get out there, and vote. Your voice matters."
Aubrey Plaza, the actor and producer who got her start on "Parks and Recreation," posted a photo of herself with a cat with the caption: HARRIS us WALZ
Nine-time Grammy winner Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas endorsed the Harris-Walz campaign in a National Voter Registration Day video posted on social media.  
Clooney, a well-known actor and major Democratic donor, endorsed Harris in July, almost immediately after President Biden withdrew from the race. 
Clooney also wrote a guest essay for The New York Times in early July calling for Biden to step down. 
Bill Nye, the "science guy" and TV personality, endorsed the Harris-Walz campaign for their climate agenda. 
He called climate change a defining issue in this year’s presidential election, 
Following Taylor Swift’s endorsement, legendary singer Stevie Nicks posted on Instagram about the importance of voting. She did not name a candidate, but she did mention Swift’s post endorsing Harris and also signed it, "Childless Dog Lady," a nod to GOP vice presidential candidate JD Vance’s past comments about women without children. 
"As my friend @taylorswift so eloquently stated, now is the time to research and choose the candidate that speaks to you and your beliefs. Only 54 days left until the election. Make sure you are registered to vote! Your vote in this election may be one of the most important things you ever do."
"SHE IS TRUSTED AND TESTED and she is a fierce advocate for women's rights and people of color and her message is one of HOPE and UNITY for America at her time of great national divide," Curtis said on Instagram. 
Zachary Levi, the actor who starred in the DC Comics "Shazam!" films, endorsed Donald Trump during an event with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on Sept. 29. He said he initially supported Kennedy’s third-party run, but now that Kennedy has thrown his support behind Trump, Levi said he believes Trump is going to help "take back this country."
Controversial rapper and producer Kanye West said in February that he will support Trump for president in 2024, despite things getting awkward between the two when Kanye asked Trump in 2022 if he could be his vice president. 
"Yeah of course, it’s Trump all day," Kanye said in February.
Kanye West attends the Marni fashion show during the Milan Fashion Week Womenswear Fall/Winter 2024-2025 on February 23, 2024 in Milan, Italy. (Photo by Arnold Jerocki/Getty Images) 
Hulk Hogan was a speaker at the 2024 Republican National Convention. The wrestling legend even ripped his shirt on stage as he endorsed Trump. 
Savannah Chrisley, a reality TV star whose parents are in prison for bank fraud and tax evasion, endorsed Trump on stage at the 2024 Republican National Convention. 
Kid Rock has publicly shown support for Trump on several occasions and performed at the 2024 Republican National Convention. 
Dana White, CEO of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), introduced Trump at the 2024 Republican National Convention. 
Ultimate Fighting Championship CEO Dana White took the stage at Day 4 of the Republican National Convention on Thursday.
Elon Musk, the world’s richest man, endorsed Trump on his social media platform X in July, minutes after the attempted assassination of Trump during a rally in Pennsylvania. 
RELATED: Elon Musk could become world's first trillionaire by 2027
Actor Roseanne Barr, who recently told Tucker Carlson that liberals eat their babies, called Kamala Harris’ candidacy "great for MAGA."
Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy endorsed Trump during an interview with Fox News.  
Azealia Banks appeared at a rally in support of Trump over the summer. 
Model Amber Rose endorsed Trump as a speaker at the 2024 Republican National Convention. 
The New York Times’ Editorial Board endorsed Harris on Sept. 30 with the headline, "The Only Patriotic Choice for President." 
The Washington Times, a conservative news outlet, endorsed Trump.
This story includes information from previous FOX TV Stations reporting, The Hollywood Reporter, celebrity social media accounts, USA Today, Fox Business, The Duke Chronicle, The New York Times and The Washington Times.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations