Some fans speculate that Pharrell Williams is dissing Drake on a new song “Double Life” from the upcoming animated movie Despicable Me 4, which drops on July 3.
Pharrell Williams has been the head composer for the movie franchise since its beginning in 2010. On Friday (June 14) he released “Double Life” and in the first verse, he raps, "Hey, what are you hiding? (Watch)/What you do when you're gone? (Hey)/Nothin' wrong bein' private (Watch)/Make sure it ain't wrong (Yeah)/Your life double-sided (Watch)/Two-faced like coins/What side do I get? (Watch)/What side are you on?"
Some people have pointed out that this could stem from Drake’s 2023 feature on Travis Scott's track "Meltdown," where he claimed to have literally melted down a chain once auctioned by the N.E.R.D. frontman. 
Williams has never spoken on this and has even previously co-produced “Wasting Time” a Brent Faiyaz and Drake collaboration. But maybe, since Kendrick Lamar put our four Drake diss tracks so far this year, Williams may finally have something to say.
Interestingly, Lamar will appear in Williams’ upcoming LEGO-animated biopic arriving in October, Piece by Piece.
On the other hand, some people suggest that the artists could be talking about more than just Gru’s story. If you’re unfamiliar with the movie franchise, Gru was an evil guy at first but through the Despicable Me franchise he has become a kinder and more gentle character. Judging by the single's cover art, it looks like Gru will display his good and evil personalities in the upcoming movie.
Someone started a thread on Reddit to gather everyone’s thoughts on the song. One person said, “If you read the lyrics it totally fits with calling out drake tho.” Another person shared, “It’s difficult to tell if this is a stretch or reasonable assumption at this point lmaooo.”
One person suggested an entire title change saying, “Despicable Drake.” Someone did point out that Kendrick dissed Drake on the Black Panther soundtrack, “so it’s not too much of a stretch to say that pharrel is dissing him here.”
On social media, some fans theorized that Lamar dissed Drake on the Black Panther soundtrack for the song, "All the Stars." They shared a comment from Drake congratulating Lamar for going number one on the charts with his album, Damn. On "All the Stars," he raps "F--- you and all your expectations / I don't even want your congratulations.”
With Despicable Me 4 being a kid's movie produced by Universal Studios and Illumination with a PG rating, some might say that there is no way they would let a diss track be a part of the movie’s soundtrack. But Black Panther is a PG-13-rated movie produced by Marvel Studios and Walt Disney Pictures that has Kendrick Lamar’s and SZA’s “All the Stars” which some believe is a hit at Drake.
If you haven't been living under a rock the past few weeks, you've noticed a shift in hip-hop as the rap civil war has ignited. Drake and Kendrick Lamar have been making national headlines as their feud has heated up and the two have released back-to-back diss tracks about one another.  
At the time of this writing, 17 tracks have been involved in the feud between Drake and Kendrick. The artists who have contributed to this feud have been J. Cole, Future, Metro Boomin, A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, Rick Ross, and Kanye West. The timeline below includes all of the songs involved in the feud including ones where neither Drake nor Kendrick is on it to provide context for the entire situation.
There have been several accusations brought by both rappers about each other. Below is a brief breakdown:
Drake
Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick has kept a low profile after he dropped "Not Like Us" which is in the running to be one of this year's biggest summer bangers. Drake on the other hand, has had some serious incidents take place near his home in the past week. His security guard was shot outside of his Toronto home on Tuesday (May 7). The security guard suffered serious injuries. The following day, according to TMZ, a man was arrested for attempting to trespass into Drake's home in Toronto. As of now, the police have not reported that there is a connection between the two incidents.
Across the pond, a storefront window to the rapper's OVO store in London was tagged with graffiti. The message read, “They not like us.” The lyric is the last line from Kendrick's latest diss track, so far, against Drake on "Not Like Us."
Take a look at all of the songs involved in the Drake and Kendrick Lamar's feud, in order, below:
The start to this rap civil war was with Drake's "First Person Shooter" off of his 2023 album For All The Dogs. Cole positions himself, Drake, and Kendrick Lamar as hip-hop's "big three," and while at the time it seemed just like an honest gesture, it took on a life of its own as the beginning of Drake and Kendrick 2024 battle. "Love when they argue the hardest MC/Is it K-Dot? Is it Aubrey? Or me?/We the big three like we started a league, but right now, I feel like Muhammad Ali," Cole raps. However, Drake dismisses Kendrick in the conversation completely. "Who the GOAT? Who you bitches really rooting for?/Like a kid that act bad from January to November, n----, it's just you and Cole," Drake rapped. At the end of his verse he references Michael Jackson rapping, "What the f---, bro? I'm one away from Michael/N----, beat it, n----, beat it, what?"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9bKBAA22Go Kendrick used his guest verse on "Like That" to express how he felt about being lumped together with Cole and Drake. "Yeah, get up with me, f--- sneak dissing/'First Person Shooter,' I hope they came with three switches," Kendrick raps. He adds, leaving no room for confusion: "Think I won't drop the location? I still got PTSD/Motherf--- the Big 3, n----, it's just big me." "N----a, bum, what? I'm really like that/And your best work is a light pack/N----, Prince outlived Mike Jack'/N----, bum, 'fore all your dogs gettin' buried/That's a K with all these nines, he gon' see Pet Sematary n----, bum," he raps. Kendrick ultimately detonated a bomb on hip-hop with this one verse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntP8vvswhYM To prove that Kendrick is not the only one with grievances towards Drake, Future got some bars in as well on the title track of he and Metro Boomin's joint album We Don't Trust You.  "Fake written all over you/Hate written all over you,” Future raps in the intro to the title track. "You a n---- number one fan, dog/Sneak dissin', I don't understand, dog/Pillow talkin', actin' like a fed, dog/I don't need another fake friend, dog/Can't be 'bout a h-, 'cause we sharin', dog/In you feelings, n----, why you playin', dog?" Future raps in the second verse. If you think Future's speculated attack on Drake is random, it's not. Drake mentioned an issue with Future involving a woman on For All The Dogs. "What would Pluto do?/He'd f--- a h-/So did it (Yeah, yeah)," Drake rapped on "What Would Pluto Do."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F18RQuT3-c0 "7 Minute Drill" was a part of J. Cole's surprise EP Might Delete Later; the rapper took the EP's name literally. On "7 Minute Drill," rapped about how Kendrick's 2022 album Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers doesn't compare to his earlier works. "Your first s--- was classic, your last s--- was tragic/ Your second s--- put n----- to sleep, but they gassed it/ Your third s--- was massive and that was your prime/ I was trailin’ right behind and I just now hit mine," Cole raps as he took some inspiration from Jay-Z's "Takeover" which was used to diss Nas. "One was nah, the other was Illmatic/That's a one hot album every ten year average," Jay rapped. Cole continues: "Now I’m front of the line with a comfortable lead/ How ironic, soon as I got it, now he want somethin’ with me/ Well, he caught me at the perfect time, jump up and see." "He averagin’ one hard verse like every 30 months or somethin’/ If he wasn’t dissin’, then we wouldn’t be discussin’ him," he raps. He adds inspiration from another line of "Takeover" with: "Four albums in 12 years, n----, I can divide/ S---, if this is what you want, I’m indulgin’ in violence." Jay rapped: "Four albums in ten years, n----? I could divide/That's one every, let's say two, two of them s---- was doo." Cole eventually deleted the song and apologized to Kendrick for it at his annual Dreamville Festival.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PkYx8cZCYw On Metro and Future's second joint album of the year, We Still Don't Trust You, they recruited A$AP Rocky on"Show of Hands" who reminded Drake he fumbled Rihanna. "N----- swear they bitch the baddest, I just bagged the worst one/ N----- in they feelings over women, what, you hurt or somethin’?/ I smashed before you birthed son, Flacko hit it first, son," he raps. He also referenced Drake's For All The Dogs: "Still don’ trust you, it’s always us, never them/ Heard you dropped your latest s---/Funny how it just came and went (Ha ha ha)" A$AP is currently in a relationship with Rihanna and they share two sons: RZA and Riot. Drake and Rihanna dated on and off from 2009-2016 and still references her in his songs.
While A$AP Rocky's disdain against Drake was publicly known, The Weeknd coming for Drake seemed like a shot out of left field. The After Hours creator dissed Drake on Future and Metro Boomin's "All To Myself." He let's everyone know that he dodged a bullet for not signing to Drake's label OVO in 2012.
"These n----- always yappin’, yeah/ I promise that I got your back/ Ooh, look at how we movin’, baby/ They could never diss my brothers, baby/ When they got leaks in they operation/ I thank God that I never signed my life away/ And we never do the big talk/ They shooters makin’ TikToks/ Got us laughin’ in the Lambo," The Weeknd sings.
After Kendrick Lamar, Future, A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, and Metro Boomin, came for Drake on their respective tracks, Drizzy finally responded on "Push Ups (Drop & Give Me 50)." At first, fans believed it was an AI response since Drake only seemingly claimed it on social media through trolling, but he officially released the track on April 19. 
With the "Push Ups" official release, Drake used the cover art to poke fun at the Compton native's size. The cover art features the labeling for a men's size 7, which references Drake's line, "How the f--- you big steppin' with a size 7 mens on?"
After the shoe line Drake continues: "Your last one bricked, you really not on s--- / They make excuses for you ’cause they hate to see me lit / Pull your contract ’cause we gotta see the split / Ain’t no way you doin’ splits bitch your pants might rip."
Drake then came for Kendrick's guest verses on pop songs and how he had to keep making the verses to please his former label Top Dawg Entertainment.
"Maroon 5 need a verse, you better make it witty / Then we need a verse for the Swifties / Top say drop, you better drop and give him 50 / Pipsqueak, pipe down / You ain’t in no big three, SZA got you wiped down, Travis got you wiped down, Savage got you wiped down / Like your label boy, you Interscope right now," he raps.
He addresses Future and Metro with the first couple of lines: "I could never be nobody number-one fan/Your first number one, I had to put it in your hand/You p------ can't get booked outside America for nan'/I'm out in Tokyo because I'm big in Japan."
He comes for The Weeknd with this line: "Claim the 6 and boys ain't even come from it/And when you boys got rich you had to run from it," Drizzy raps. "Cash blowin' Abel bread, out here trickin'/S--- we do for bitches he doing for n-----/Jets, whips, chains, wicked, wicked, wicked/Spend it like you tryna f---, boy, you trippin'."
Drake takes aim at Rick Ross with this line: "Can’t believe he jumpin’ in, this n---a turnin’ 50/Every song that made it on the chart, he got from Drizzy," Drake raps, as he refers to Ross' relationship with Diddy in the next line: Spend that lil’ check you got and stay up out my business/Worry ’bout whatever goin’ on with you and…."
Lastly, Drake's mentions Metro directly with one line that has since gone viral: "Metro, shut your h-- a-- up and make some drums."
The only one he fails to address on "Push Ups" is A$AP Rocky.
Weeks leading up to Kendrick's scathing verse on "Like That," Drake and Rick Ross' relationship seemed to also be in treacherous territory. The Miami native unfollowed Drake on Instagram and after Drizzy mentioned Ross on "Push Ups," it was all the ammo he needed to respond back with his own diss track "Champagne Moments." 
He finally reveals why he decided to unfollow Drake on Instagram:"I unfollowed you, n----, ’cause you sent the motherf------ cease-and-desist to French Montana, n----/ You sent the police, n-----, hatin’ on my dog project."
Details surrounding a cease and desist have not been revealed.
Elsewhere in the song, Ross alleges that Drake had a nose job.
"You ain’t never want to be a n---- anyway, n----/ That’s why you had a operation to make your nose smaller than your father nose, n----," Ross raps.
In the song, Ross suggests that Drake got BBL surgery (Brazilian Butt Lift) and ab surgery. He also repeatedly makes fun of Drake's biracial heritage by persistently calling Drake a "white boy" throughout the song.
While Drake awaits a response from Kendrick, Drizzy releases "Taylor Made Freestyle" featuring AI verses of Snoop Dogg and the late Tupac Shakur.
"Kendrick, we need ya, the West Coast savior/Engraving your name in some hip-hop history," AI Tupac raps in the opening verse. "F--- this Canadian light-skin, Dot/We need a no-debated West Coast victory, man."
Next up is AI Snoop Dogg who questions Kendrick's past, "I know you never been to jail, or wore jumpsuits and shower shoes/Never shot nobody, never stabbed nobody/Never did nothing violent to no one, it’s the homies that empower you/But, still, you gotta show this f------ owl who's boss on the West/Now’s a time to really make a power move," the voice raps in the second verse.
In the last verse, Drake comes for Kendrick himself not using AI. Drizzy alleges that Kendrick is waiting to drop his diss track because Taylor Swift -- who Kendrick has collaborated before on "Bad Blood" -- dropped her double album The Tortured Poets Department on Friday (April 19) and he wants the chance to go No. 1. The "Rich Baby Daddy" hitmaker also admitted he's moved music releases around Swift's drops.
"But now we gotta wait a f------ week ’cause Taylor Swift is your new Top/And if you ’bout to drop, she gotta approve." He adds later, "Yeah, shoutout to Taylor Swift/Biggest gangster in the music game right now/You know, I moved my album when she dropped."
While we're not sure why Drake thought this was necessarily a good idea in the first place, Shakur's estate were deeply offended by Drake's use of an AI version of the late rapper and threatened legal action. Drizzy decided to take the diss track off of his Instagram. The song was never submitted to streaming services.
Kanye got himself into the mix -- why, we don't know. The Chicago native released a remix of Kendrick's "Like That" aiming straight for Drake and J. Cole. On Ye’s remix, he begins by referencing the feud between Drake and Kendrick.
"You know we had to get the hooligans up here to get these p—-n——out/ Yo Dot, I got you," Ye raps.
Ye then calls out Cole and Drake by name. "Y’all so out of sight, out of mind/ I can’t even think of a Drake line/ Play J. Cole, get the p—- dry/ Play this s— back 130 times."
Prior to this remix, Ye and Drake had some issues but the two seemingly made up in 2022 for the Free Larry Hoover event but shortly after Drake dissed him on "Circo Loco."
"Linking with the opps, bitch, I did that for J. Prince/Bitch, I did it for the mob ties," Drake raps. He adds later that there probably won't be a reconciliation, "And I never been the one to go apologies/Me, I'd rather hit 'em up one more time."
The moment everyone was waiting for: Kendrick's response. The  Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers artist reacted to Drake's diss tracks with "Euphoria" on April 30. Kendrick began the diss track by calling Drake a "master manipulator and habitual liar" and adding that he literally hates everything about him: "I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress/ I hate the way that you sneak diss, if I catch flight it’s gonna be direct/ We hate the bitches you f--- ’cause they confuse themselves with real women/ And notice I said ‘we,’ it’s not just me, I’m what the culture feeling."
He came for Drake's fatherhood as well referencing Pusha T calling Drizzy out on "The Story of Adidon" back in 2018. "Y’all thinking my life is rap? That’s h- s---, I got a son to raise, but I can see you know nothing about that," Kendrick raps.
Kendrick also mentions J. Cole as well regarding the "big three" comment on "First Person Shooter."
"Cole and Aubrey know I'm a selfish guy, the crown is heavy/ I pray they my real friends, if not, I'm YNW Melly," Kendrick raps referring to the "big three" statement but also YNW Melly is on trial currently for allegedly killing two of his close friends.
Nearing the end of the song, Kendrick propels himself above all of the other rappers who have tried to come for Drake.
"Ain’t 20 v. 1 it’s 1 v. 20 if I gotta smack n----- that write with ya," he raps. 
In the last line of the track he warns Drake, "We don’t wanna hear you say n---- no more," after calling out how he uses his Blackness when it best suits him.

A post shared by

After not getting a response back from Drake, Kendrick released another diss track three days later. "6:16 in LA" arrived on Kendrick's Instagram on May 3 and the title references Drake's timestamp series. Kendrick mentions Drake's line in the "Push Ups" diss track that he was being swindled by Top Dawg Entertainment's Anthony “Top Dawg” Tiffith.
“Conspiracies about cash, dawg, that’s not even the leak/ Find the jewels like Kash Doll, I just need you to think/ Are you finally ready to play ‘Have you ever?,’ let’s see/ Have you ever thought that OVO is working for me?” he raps.
Next, Kendrick calls Drake out for being a bully and infers that the ones around him aren't loyal. He also references Drizzy's 2020 hit "Toosie Slide."
“Fake bully, I hate bullies, you must be a terrible person/ Everyone inside your team is whispering that you deserve it/ Can’t Toosie Slide up out of this one, it’s just gonna resurface/ Every dog gotta have his day, now live in your purpose," he raps.
Kendrick continues with the theory that Drake's own people are waiting for him to fail.
"A hunnid n----- that you got on salary, and twenty of 'em want you as a casualty/And one of them is actually, next to you/And two of them is practically tied to your lifestyle, just don't got the audacity to tell you."
Drake has been taking shots at Kendrick's fiancée Whitney Alford suggesting that he cheated on her with white women (which Kendrick has already admitted to on his own song "Mother I Sober.")
“You the Black messiah wifing up a mixed queen/ And hit vanilla cream to help out with your self-esteem/ On some Bobby s---, I wanna know what Whitney need,” Drake raps referring to Alford.
Then Drake suggests that Kendrick's kids are not his and that they're Dave Free's, who is a record executive and former president of Top Dawg Entertainment where Kendrick was originally signed before leaving in 2022. Drake also suggests that Kendrick has been physically abusive to his wife.
“Your baby mama captions always screamin, ‘Save me’/ You did her dirty all her life, you tryna make peace/ I heard that one of them little kids might be Dave Free/ Don’t make it dave freeze/ Cause if your GM is your BM secret BD,” Drake raps.
While those are the main lines he address K. Dot with, he also takes shots at The Weeknd, A$AP Rocky, Future, Metro Boomin, and Rick Ross.
Drake flipped his "Buried Alive Interlude" from Take Care and while this is a parody, Drake still got some points across about how he really feels about Kendrick. 
"If you were in a pine box, box/I would shovel dirt on top, top/I'd play this record on repeat, 'peat/
You always been a bitch to me/If you was in a pine box, box/I would still be in my spot, spot/For you to make it to the peak, peak/It'd have to be the death of me, the death of me," Drake raps in the intro.
In the first and only verse in the song, Drake reminds Kendrick who gave him a shot.
"Took you on your first tour with us, tryna catch a vibe/I was headline, you was standin' on thе side/
Brought you and that other hoe along for the ride," Drake raps referring to his 2012 Club Paradise Tour where Kendrick and A$AP Rocky headlined for him.
Kendrick took less than an hour to respond back to Drake with "Meet The Grahams." Like the title suggests, Kendrick addresses Drake's family including his son Adonis, his mother Sandra, and his father Dennis. 
K. Dot begins with Adonis: "Dear Adonis, I’m sorry that that man is your father, let me be honest/It takes a man to be a man, your dad is not responsive/I look at him and wish your grandpa woulda wore a condom/I’m sorry that you gotta grow up and then stand behind him."
Then he speaks to Drake's mother Sandra: "Dear Sandra, your son got some habits/I hope you don’t undermine them.” 
Kendrick does not hold back when addressing Drake's father Dennis Graham: "You raised a horrible f----’ person/The nerve of you, Dennis."
He then addresses Sandra again but this time more harshly calling Drake a pedophile: "Your son’s a sick man with sick thoughts/I think n----- like him should die/Him and Weinstein should get f----- up in a cell for the rest of they life." 
"And we’ve gotta raise our daughters knowing there’s predators like him lurkin’/F--- a rap battle, he should d--, so all of these women can live with a purpose," he continues.
Kendrick then addresses the alleged 11-year-old daughter Drake is hiding who he refers to as "baby girl": "I’d like to say it’s not your fault that he’s hiding another child/Give him grace/That’s the reason I made Mr. Morale,” referencing when Pusha T called Drake out on "The Story Of Adidon" about not publicly outing that he had a son.
"F--- a rap battle/This a lifelong battle with yourself," he ends the track.
Kendrick released "Not Like Us" the following day as hammers home the pedophile allegations against Drake.
"Say, Drake, I hear you like ’em young/ You better not ever go to cell block one/ To any b—- that talk to him and they in love/ Just make sure you hide your lil’ sister from him," Kendrick raps.
Drake's team is not safe from this diss track either, as Chubbs (Drizzy's head of security), and OVO artists PartyNextDoor and Baka Not Nice (who was arrested for human trafficking) also are targets with the next line.
"They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs/ And party at the party, playin’ with his nose now/ And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?/ Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles," he continues referencing Drake's 2021 album Certified Lover Boy.
He then speaks on claims of Drake being a "deadbeat dad" as he's hiding an 11-year-old daughter, "You lied about your son, you lied about your daughter, huh, you lied about them other kids that’s out there hoping that you come," Kendrick raps.
While the song has some harsh lines, Kendrick made a potential summer hit with the Mustard-produced beat.
Did Drake wave the white flag? Well, after "The Heart Part 6" it seems he's said all he's had to say at this point. Just like Kendrick mimicked Drake's timestamp series, Drake did the same with "Part 6" of the Compton native's "The Heart" series. On "The Heart Part 6," Drake immediately addressed the 11-year-old daughter rumors saying that Kendrick was fed false information  and that he took the bait.
"We plotted for a week and then we fed you the information/A daughter that's eleven years old, I bet he takes it/We thought about giving a fake name or a destination/But you so thirsty, you not concerned with investigation," Drake raps.
Then Drake refers to Kendrick's "Mother I Sober" again where Kendrick talks about his sexual traumas in his childhood.
"Mother, I—, mother, I—, mother—/Ahh, wait a second, that's that one record where you say you got molested/Aw, f--- me, I just made the whole connection/This about to get so depressin'
This is trauma from your own confessions/This when your father leave you home alone with no protection, so neglected/That's why these pedophile raps is s--- you so obsessed with, it's so excessive
They acting like it's so aggressive," Drake raps.
However, it is to be noted that Kendrick raps in "Mother I Sober" that he was not molested as a child.
"Family ties, they accused my cousin, 'Did he touch you, Kendrick?'/Never lied, but no one believed me when I said 'He didn’t,'" Kendrick raps in the Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers track. 
Drake attacks Kendrick's fiancée, Whitney Alford, again claiming that his two children he shares with her are not his.
"What about the bones we dug up in that excavation?/And why isn't Whitney denyin' all of the allegations?/Why is she following Dave Free and not Mr. Morale?/You haven't seen the kids in six months, the distance is wild/Dave leaving heart emojis underneath pics of the child," Drake raps referring also the cover art of the song which features Dave commenting on a presumed photo of Alford.
Drake then dismissed the pedophilia claims.
"Speakin' of anything with a child, let's get to that now/This Epstein angle was the s--- I expected/TikTok videos you collected and dissected/Instead of being on some diss-direct s---/You rather f------ grab your pen and misdirect s---," he raps.
Drake also has one last jab to Alford and claims that Kendrick wanted to feud to promote an upcoming album he has not yet announced: "Album droppin' soon, no wonder you turn to a clout chaser 'stead of doing hard labor/N----, I'll see you when I see you like Fantasia/And Whitney, you can hit me if you need a favor/And when I say I hit ya back, it's a lot safer/Huh, I promise."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!