North West is featured in the latest issue of Interview Magazine, going in-depth on her life in the public eye, her favorite music acts, and one thing she seems to share in common with her father, Kanye West. 
In classic Interview Magzine style, the piece features an in-depth conversation between two public figures — this time between West and her mother, Kim Kardashian. In one of the most interesting sections of the conversation, Kardashian asks her daughter if she enjoys being on camera. “I like taking pictures of myself, but I don’t like when paparazzi do,” she responded.
“When I just woke up and there’s so much paparazzi, I’m like, ‘Yo, I’m going to sue you,’” she quipped in the interview. She added that if she is “ready,” “not tied” and if her outfit is “good,” she is like,  “Okay, I could take a picture.”
West’s opinions on the paparazzi are certainly not far off from her father’s, who has been very vocal about his sticky relationship with them. As far back as 2008, ‘Ye told Conan O’Brien that he had no problem grabbing the camera if they kept snapping pictures after he told them to stop.
And Kanye has done just that — there’s no shortage of incidences in which the rapper has gotten physical with reporters, photographers or even fans who insist on pointing a camera in his face when he’s going about his business. He he has been sued for assault, battery and negligence for throwing paparazzi’s phones.
Considering that West has been in front of cameras for her entire life — the Kardashian family’s reality show, the intense paparazzi presence and her own social media — her answer offers an interesting look at the unique pressures a child of two of the most famous people in the world faces.
“You don’t expect that to happen with a celebrity, cause you think they’re like a museum animal and stuff, but it’s like, don’t shoot the animals, then, maybe, I don’t know,” he explained on the show. Kanye’s antics have certainly verged on the extreme at times, as Kim also dived into her daughter’s tastes in the interview, asking her to list her three favorite artists right now, naming Tyler, the Creator, Yuno Miles and Nicki Minaj. She is such a Tyler, the Creator fan that she plans on going as him for Halloween.
Check out the full interview here.