Sharon Osbourne has had her say on the furious row between her husband Ozzy Osbourne and Kanye West.
It comes after the Black Sabbath frontman, 75, accused the controversial rapper of sampling a clip of the band performing War Pigs in 1983. Ozzy claimed that Kanye asked permission to use part of the song but he denied it due to being "an antisemite." Kanye has caused outrage in the past for his vile antisemitic comments.
Ozzy took to his Instagram where he wrote: "Kanye West asked permission to sample a section of a 1983 live performance of 'War Pig' from the US Festival without vocals & was refused permission because he is an antisemite and has caused untold heartache to many. He went ahead and used the sample anyway at his album listening party last night. I want no association with this man!"
Sharon, whose father Don Arden was Jewish, has since weighed in on the row. In an interview with TMZ, Sharon blasted the rapper as she said: "Kanye f***ed with the wrong Jew this time." The 71-year-old television personality said she and her husband Ozzy fired off a cease and desist to Ye. She added that Kayne “represents hate” and that he’s a “disrespectful antisemite”.
The rapper retaliated as he shared a photo of the Osbournes on his Instagram. The snap showed Ozzy and Sharon dressed up as Kanye and Bianca Censori for Halloween. He wrote: “He obviously has a celebrity handler who’s on his account.” While Sharon also took to her social media to share a savage dig.
The former X Factor judge posted a clip of the viral "Hello...That's my F**king song" video of Dave Grohl and Lionel Richie. Sharon edited Kanye's name over Dave and Ozzy's on Lionel. In the video, Lionel slammed the Foo Fighters frontman for stealing his song Hello. He then fires off to the artist: "Hello Dave. We all have writers block, you know? But that's my f******g song. That's my f******g song. You understand what I'm saying?
"I like that song - no no no I love that song. It's one of my favourite songs. I love singing that song. I love that song. Get your own song nerd." Fans took to the comments as one said: "HA!!! I love this! Take him for ALL he's got." Another added: "Hahahah! I love you so much. Get him, mama!" And a third wrote: "Never f**k with the Osbournes."
Black Sabbath's War Pigs is one of the band's most famous songs and is known for being an anti-war anthem. For years Kanye has been accused of being antisemitic and has been known to make comments praising Hitler. He had his Instagram account temporarily locked and was dropped from Universal Music Group and his agency CAA. Balenciaga and Gap also dropped their collaboration with Kanye's clothing brand Yeezy.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.